Revenues from the academy this year amounted to about $195,000, not far from a week’s ticket revenue.
Free with the purchase of tickets: $51.50 to $76.50; $160 for a family four-pack.
But whenever she is asked whether she would take a position in a Ken or Boris administration, Siobhan has stuck to her line: “When I’m mayor, I’ll be more than happy to offer either one a job.” At the end of the night, they all wandered about the deserted skyscraper getting their glasses topped up.
How about top officials in the government of China?
It would take years to gain a share of the high-end market.
Replacing Perkins with Ibaka brings the Thunder’s offensive rebounding rate to a more reasonable (but still league-worst equivalent) 18.2 percent, leaving Collison as the sole big man statistically capable of keeping the Thunder’s offensive rebounding afloat when they elect to go smaller.
There just is no clear cut way to map our social classifications of race onto a meaningful biological category.
On the fringes of town, a group of men in their early 20s have begun building a sustainable house for a single-parent family of nine.
“It was basically clear that his wife had been cajoled into attending,” said Ms. Baskin, 33.
Some of the managers of the 92 7-Eleven franchises in New York City estimated that almost 10 percent of their overall store income comes from the sale of Big Gulps.
New York University has agreed to reduce the scale of its plans for four tall buildings in Greenwich Village by almost a fifth.
For a movie Jane Fonda was in, I literally had to design a charm bracelet that would purposefully snag on a piece of clothing, but it had to work to her character, who was a world traveler.
— more specifically, Tarkanian — became embroiled in a war with the N.C.A.A.
We moved there in early March 2011, after signing a one-year lease for $3,500 a month.
NEW BRUNSWICK Museum of the American Hungarian Foundation “Hungarian Masterworks: From Impressionism to Modernism,” works from the Jill A. Wiltse and H. Kirk Brown III collection.
The service, however, monitors information from a single credit bureau, Experian, one of the three big credit-reporting agencies (along with Equifax and TransUnion).
Penet: Yes, premiums are down a bit, including mine own BCBS in Michigan.
It raises all kinds of questions about whether there was some sort of influence.”
“Lower Fifth Avenue was full of quirky launderettes and nondescript Chinese restaurants,” Mr. Smith said in an announcement about the 25th anniversary of his pioneering men’s-wear store at 108 Fifth Avenue; (212) 627-9770; paulsmith.co.uk .
Mr. Formichetti described them as Mugler ninjas.
This makes a great story and gives the entire meal a narrative theme that most lack, though most of the food appears to be neither more nor less than that of other contemporary cuisine, with perhaps a few more ancient seasonings than usual and references to a great many others.
The Sanchez side, known as the Crazy Gang, would do anything and everything, even bending the rules if they could get away with it, to win.
Same effect in June as well I believe.
But as Stackhouse said, this is the life that he and the roughly 450 best basketball players in the world have chosen, and there are worse ways to make a living, on Christmas or not.
DealBook » Red Flags on Bets Said to Go Unheeded by JPMoragn Bosses | Despite Jamie Dimon’s recent apologies about the losses, which will most likely be repeated on Tuesday as JPMorgan shareholders gather for the company’s annual meeting in Tampa, Fla., regulators will scrutinize risk management at the chief investment office.
Given all the rain in recent years at the United States Open, the crew has had a lot of time to perfect the process.
Illegal hotels found by the city included small rental buildings, condos and town houses, and many of them were hiding in plain sight.
But in Houston every March, reality gets temporarily suspended: Kipper was bought at an auction at the city’s annual livestock show and rodeo for $178,000, the highest price ever paid for a market hog at any livestock show in America.
One morning at breakfast, when she was in the first or second grade, E. L. Doctorow’s daughter, Caroline, asked her father to write a note explaining her absence from school, due to a cold, the previous day.
JACK KENNEDY, by Chris Matthews.
“I’m guessing, from the tone of your question, that you think they’re a mess,” he says, to laughter.
About the Best Sellers: These lists are an expanded version of those appearing in the March 18, 2012 print edition of the Book Review, reflecting sales for the week ending March 3, 2012.
Kaepernick got his first start last week and led San Francisco to a win over the Bears, a performance so dominant that Coach Jim Harbaugh let him keep the job.
Nelson Peltz ‘s Trian Fund Management said on Monday that it now owns a 5.1 percent stake in Lazard , stressing that it believes the investment bank is undervalued but on the right track with its strategic plan.
It can quickly define the political debate, whether candidates like it or not, and a single 140-character missive can turn into a nightmare.
But two days later, others in the Egyptian government told a state television audience that the raids were fully justified and independent of the military.
These are fantasy after all.
In his “Black Cat,” as in Poe’s, a man kills his wife and walls her up with (unbeknownst to him) her cat, which he hates.
In-the-moment speculation about the historic significance of events can be silly, but it also makes for some entertaining tavern talk.
(A user can still opt out with a couple of clicks and block all ads as before.)
11 P.M. (HBO Signature) CATFISH (2010) In this festival favorite from Henry Joost and Ariel Schulman, Nev Schulman (Ariel's brother), a 24-year-old New York City photographer, becomes entangled in an Internet relationship with a Michigan family that includes an 8-year-old art prodigy and her beautiful older sister, with whom Nev supposedly falls in love.
“We are in the middle of figuring out exactly which laws would protect us, and about how we plan to fight this,” he said.
The earliest work here is Bruce Nauman’s “Hologram H” (1969) from his “Second Series: Full Figure Poses (A-J).” Mounted on a pedestal several feet from the wall, the hologram, on a glass plate, is illuminated from above and behind with a blood-red light.
That old guard includes the most powerful owners in the league — Jeremy Jacobs of the Boston Bruins and Ed Snider of the Philadelphia Flyers, whose teams are perennial moneymakers.
It said that the Catholic institutions would not have to pay for the birth control coverage or refer their employees to it, but that it would all be covered directly by the insurance companies.
Except that I hate actually being busy.
But theoretically, you have an approach about how you’re spending your bullets.
Guard Terran Condrey also delivered 13 points for Baylor and point guard Odyssey Sims added 11.
The prototypes, field testing and beta testing?
Six Knicks recorded a 3-pointer.
Our ability to sustain a culture supersaturated with visual displays of the divine, largely without violence, came only after massive technological change, centuries of immigration and social movements that forced Americans to reckon with differences of race, ethnicity and religion.
So if you want to respond you have to be in fast forward, as well.
Unfortunately for Wang, he provided another familiar sight on Thursday afternoon, when he pitched against his former team in a Washington Nationals uniform.
She said she was brought onto “Vikings” under false pretenses.
— at least during the process — so that people can say, O.K., I got this piece wrong, but now I’ve corrected it and we’re moving forward to a better answer.
“This was clearly a referendum on Microsoft’s partners,” said Michael Gartenberg, an analyst at Gartner, a technology research firm.
While Mr. Vidal frequently joked that Vice President Al Gore was his cousin, genealogists have been unable to confirm that they were related.
Mondays, Thursdays, Fridays and Saturdays, 11 a.m. to 5 p.m.; Sundays, 1 to 5 p.m. Parrish Art Museum, 25 Job’s Lane.
A government official says they are taking steps to make the business safer.
APPLE Written and illustrated by Nikki McClure.
NAME WITHHELD Voting with your dollars is powerful, so your desire to curtail your spending in Florida, given your beliefs, makes a lot of sense.
Obama does his best to stir the old magic — droppin’ his g’s and talkin’ straight about how his opponents think we “should be goin’ back to what we were doin’ that got us into this mess in the first place.” But his appearances can give off the slightly musty air of Van Halen in the Sammy Hagar years.
Most respondents were appalled but often had trouble articulating why; we find these examples instinctively disturbing even if no one is harmed.
Mr. Annan’s appointment as special envoy stems from a vote of the U.N. General Assembly on the Syrian crisis last week.
The chess program was started in 1991 by another principal, Alan Fierstein.
Lincoln ran the gravest risks by reappointing McClellan to command.
The score then stood at 2 apiece.
“How can the English know all about the blues, and we didn’t, yet it’s been right here under our noses the whole time?” Good question.
“Things out there have a right to exist.” Despite these paramount ecological roles, the researchers write, it is with a “mixture of open antipathy, disregard and lack of knowledge and awareness” that parasites are most often viewed amongst scientists and the public alike.
In both high school and college, all too many students are expected to fail.
How disappointed were you when you were not selected to the Basketball Hall of Fame recently?
Most important, how are you going to make money?
Instead, each new piece of data causes a rethinking of your previous ideas, your expectations for future results, and your thoughts about what the interesting and important parts of the project really are.
When all the pieces fall into place, planners and city officials say, there will be a nearly continuous ribbon of parkland and recreational space along the East Side.
In his new book, “Uncontrolled,” Manzi notes that many experts tackle policy problems by creating big pattern-finding models and then running simulations to see how proposals will work.
Consumers have held back on spending and many companies have postponed investments because of uncertainties about the economic crisis in the euro zone, Britain’s largest export market.
It exploits the latest in very fast data-handling technology – so-called in-memory processing.
It appears to have led to the teacher’s swift dismissal and (perhaps) eventual suicide.
It wasn’t a lot of money, but it enabled Mr. Lowman to quit his day job and transition full-time to his dark, moody pieces that dealt largely with what his gallerist, Michele Maccarone , calls the “history of American violence.” He did a series of paintings that referenced de Kooning’s noirish portraits of Marilyn Monroe, silk-screens punctured by bullet holes, and paintings shaped like Arbre Magique air fresheners.
How would Medicare adjust payments to insurers to reflect the higher costs of sicker patients?
The bull market lasted about 30 years.
He works in Milan, but he replenishes his creative energy in his hometown of Istanbul.
“At a minimum, Apple had both an informational and time advantage spanning many months,” the report said, “whereas other vendors were afforded approximately one month to determine if the space was practical and the price feasible for them.” The report cited one vendor who told the transportation authority that “the upfront cost of $5 million was too great of an investment and precluded the vendor from submitting a formal bid on the space.” The authority acknowledged on Monday that the $5 million threshold might have been prohibitive for many companies.
The show was broadcast on 34 channels in the United States and 24 global channels and will be broadcast throughout the country on Clear Channel radio stations.
The dialogues have set a precedent on expanding the space for global citizenry in international negotiations.
Leaving lots of room for adult readers to amplify the story, Zelinsky has created some of his happiest and sunniest artwork thus far.
For an explanation of our methodology, visit https://www.nytimes.com/best-sellers.
really is primarily a deafening showcase for tablets, thin TV screens, superthin laptops and Android phones.
Rieff writes that “she did come to regret .
Last spring, Dr. Hunter saw an opportunity to get some data on elite distance runners and to determine if there is a particular style they favor.
“We were lucky enough to get the one intentional-grounding call,” Maybin said of Sunday’s game, “but we can’t expect calls like that all the time.
“I think the whole country is evolving and changing,” Mr. Obama said in the interview.
Some held placards with the words “Hu Jintao is unwelcome” and a picture of a bloody hand smacking the Chinese president’s face.
The streets above may be called the Crossroads of the World, but the Record Mart’s music-mad customers knew Jesse’s store was where the cultures really came together.
(I did wear a Clinton button hidden under my jacket.)
And they did it very effectively.” In recent years, Kellogg health claims have prompted government investigations on two occasions.
Hezbollah, the Lebanese Islamist group with close ties to Iran, has promised to take revenge for the killing of its top commander, Imad Mugniyah , four years ago this week.
But the songs project more questions than confidence, especially in the album’s finale and title song, “A Different Ship.” It ticks along gently as Mr. Temple sings about a “trip to heaven” in a ship with its engine failing and no rescue in sight.
I always want to be on edge, because that edge gives you energy and excitement.
Yet the familial relationship between the Earl of Grantham and his servants doesn’t really open up his world at all.
Blount, however, expressed disappointment with the lack of sizzle in the Buccaneers’ not-so-new look, and he planned to take his beef to his team’s owners.
The current show features works by 40 artists from 16 countries – most of the Arab world, including Sudan.
Has the political ship sailed for you?
In some cases, agents use appraisals to convince sellers that their expectations are too high and that they should accept a lower offer.
They also, incidentally, see him as being the most electable in a November match-up against President Obama.
On Thursday, the world will go to battle over a second.
The police respond that the stops are made only after officers develop reasonable suspicion of criminality, and that the tactic has been responsible for reducing gun violence in high-crime neighborhoods.
Long and winding as the caravan’s journey has been, O’Brien says it has been beneficial in selling himself and his vision.
This came after singing “where’s your famous Munich song?” during the game, in an attempt to goad Liverpool supporters into singing about the air disaster.
A disappointing crab cake — made with tinned crab meat — was excessively breaded and fried to a tough black skin.
rally in Lahore in October attracted more than 7,000 students and thousands of young voters; with so many fresh faces in the crowd, the line between political gathering and rock concert seemed blurred.
Still, gulf production is rapidly ramping up again, and overall domestic oil production is up 10 percent this year in a continuation of a three-year trend.
“It looked very strange and different, and it sparkled, and we didn’t know what it was,” Mr. Lerner said in a recent phone interview.
“The young officers like this; only the older ones think it is Big Brother,” he said.
For the next two days they were completely inseparable and wanted to sleep in the same room.
The consultancy, Marketing Evolution , is offering its advice in a study that was released on Wednesday during a Webinar.
“The Doctor’s Dilemma,” written six years earlier, sends a bachelor-medic — Aden Gillett’s newly knighted Colenso Ridgeon — and his colleagues into a tailspin by the alternately sultry and teary presence of one Jennifer Dubedat.
A recent Duke University study shows an eight-point drop in I.Q.
But when you have a dozen or so friends sitting around drinking beer (or glasses of rosé, as the case may be) and picking together, it takes on a certain festive air.
What is striking when you compare Europe’s policies on agriculture, monetary union and climate change is the way the Union keeps bolting on patches and extra wiring to try to fix problems created by its own solutions.
The Bank of England also has a board, called the Court.
I’m not a rah-rah guy, but if a little motivation is needed or something has to be corrected, I’m not going to hesitate to say what’s on my mind.
They are on the table; time is of the essence.” Greece announced Monday that 15,000 government jobs would be eliminated this year, though the administrative reform minister, Dimitris Reppas, did not provide further details.
From Nov. 17 to Nov. 30, the artist Martha Rosler will stock (and restock) the museum’s atrium with 12,000 donated objects, including neck chains, hankies and underwear, that she has gathered for her “Meta-Monumental Garage Sale,” possibly the largest ever — at least in an art space.
Against that backdrop, senior members of the Syrian National Council, an exile opposition group, arrived in New York from Paris on Monday to lobby Security Council members for the Arab League plan, starting with the Russian envoy, while the United States and other members criticized Moscow’s opposition.
To hasten development of new export routes, the Conservative government is streamlining permit processes by accelerating scheduled hearings and limiting public comment.
Other evidence that Fram Strait is the Spitsbergen’s bowhead wintering grounds emerged in 2010, when a satellite-tagged female went south along Greenland in the summer but returned to Fram Strait in December.
The arrests of Sun journalists comes after the MSC reconstructed an e-mail archive of 300 million messages and turned over parts of that archive to the police.” Reuters noted on Tuesday that the committee, which includes a former editor of the rival Daily Telegraph, operates independently and works in soundproofed offices searching for evidence of corruption inside the British newspaper division of News Corp. Another former Murdoch employee, Andrew Neil, who edited the prestigious Sunday Times of London, told Reuters : “The Sun has turned against Rupert Murdoch.
The king of this world is James Cameron’s 1997 romantic fantasy “Titanic,” which returns to theater screens on Wednesday, tricked out in a computer generated 3-D version .
But Mr. Biden also provided campaign fodder to the Republican Party, seemingly offering a new standard by which the voters should judge the Obama administration.
Mr. Assad, who has restricted foreign news coverage of the conflict and has seldom emerged publicly, paid a surprise visit to Homs, where his army has been locked in an on-again, off-again battle with elements of the insurgent Free Syrian Army and other antigovernment groups for weeks.
The documents also reveal that Mr. Zimmerman had a difficult relationship with his mother.
But were things really so simple as that?
Partly, this has to do with the diagnosis of the problem.
What have been your experiences?
Their supplementary writing — the journals and, in particular, the letters — complemented the novels and short stories in a way tweets and posts and even e-mails don’t.
All gasoline engines will be turbocharged.
As Herskowitz told it: “Jones asked what was wrong.
The Associated Press reports: “Now, as the Republican presidential candidate weighs a running mate, it’s a good bet that he’s relying on that same methodical approach and interviewing style.” associated press Sun Capital Said to Seek Buyers for Lingerie Maker | The private equity firm Sun Capital has tapped Morgan Stanley to handle a possible sale of DBApparel, for a deal that could be worth more than 600 million euros ($761 million), the French newspaper Les Echos reported, according to Reuters.
And the saga preserved in Ms. Vyarawalla’s pictures is a cavalcade of patriarchy.
Beyond lessening the shock of diving into a cold pool, Corcoran said, the splashes — or sips — become part of a routine.
“Clinicians have been reluctant to prescribe IUDs,” he added, “but if we want to get a handle on unintended pregnancy in our country, we have to first offer the most effective methods.”
“The American people re-elected a Republican majority, and I’m proud of the fact that our team in a very difficult year was able to maintain our majority.” That majority is a fractious one.
One such guest was M. B.
“My new novel is a multigenerational-family story as well, this time revolving around brothers and sisters, and the ways in which they love, wound, betray, honor, and sacrifice for each other.” When the Kite Runner was published in 2003, Mr. Hosseini was an unknown author, but word of the powerful tale of sacrifice in Afghanistan spread quickly among readers, and the book spent 103 weeks on the New York Times Bestseller List and was adapted to film in 2007.
In addition to the trade delegation news, the Indian newspaper The Economic Times reported Thursday that the Indian government had proposed a barter with Iran in which India would pay for some Iranian oil with Indian wheat.
There are growing concerns that those numbers will get even worse in the face of armed conflicts and political violence that are increasingly exacerbated by climate change, population growth, rising food prices, natural disasters and struggles for scarce resources.
Friday was National Scrabble Day , celebrated annually on the birthday of Alfred Mosher Butts, the out-of-work architect who created the game in the 1930s in his Jackson Heights home.
And conducting has been important to Mr. Greilsammer since he became the music director of the Geneva Chamber Orchestra in 2009.
But by the 1980s, the bridge became a crumbling symbol of urban decay.
And after the last ship departed, Kennedy delivered an address announcing the quarantine of Cuba and the evacuation of all dependents from the island.
And although the bank was based in the northern Galician city of A Coruña, Mr. Méndez persuaded his board to build a cultural center in Vigo.
“They would be able to nibble away.
You’re not going to get anybody who’ll say it’s just fine that it takes that long.” Ms. Nisbet is a kind of ombudsman of the FOIA program, mediating some disputes.
“I meant to take that one out,” he said.
Oregon’s De’Anthony Thomas has touched the ball 24 times, scoring on seven of them.
Everywhere there were signs of water’s relentlessness, but also odd exceptions.
The consequence of this uncertainty is reflected in the high failure rate of chief executives.
The ousted former president of Madagascar plans to return to his country from exile here on a flight Saturday morning, he told a news conference here on Friday.
For most of his life he barely considered himself Indian, let alone Asian.” The idea of a pan-Asian identity in this country, scholars say, was partly a result of anti-Asian violence, especially against one subgroup when another was intended.
After delayed primary dates and months of campaigning and advertising, Texans finally got to vote.
Once a plan has been formulated, drivers stare at the images they have of the Martian terrain with 3-D glasses to scout for potential pitfalls (“How afraid are we of that rock?”) and use computer animation to simulate a route.
Kansas needs to drive at Sullinger and force fouls by making him make plays on the ball.
He feels around and pulls out what appears to be a watch battery.
Perhaps in the not-too-distant future, he went on, you won’t have to shop at all.
These idiosyncratic cases tend to even out if we perform this calculation across all the states.
Through it all, the Rays’ offensive numbers have often been meager, to the point where they were the victims of two no-hitters and a perfect game from July 2009 to June 2010.
Since becoming the coach of the Oklahoma City Thunder in 2008, Scott Brooks has led the team to higher winning percentages, and deeper playoff runs, in each of the last three seasons.
Thanks to two short minutes on CNN, Kari found me, and reached out via e-mail.
“While there were very few pre-emptive measures taken, the city was not even equipped for rescue operations,” he said.
In various ways they all emerge from basic habits of mind, and they all add structure and meaning to a chaotic and absurd universe.
But no matter the atmospherics, the best sentences bolt a clear subject to a dramatic predicate, making a mini-narrative.
“Overnight, the environment has shifted in terms of Wal-Mart’s strategy in big cities, in winning over local politicians,” said Dorian T. Warren, a political science professor at Columbia who is writing a book about Wal-Mart’s efforts to expand into Chicago and Los Angeles.
UBS , the Swiss banking giant, is close to reaching settlements with American and British authorities over the manipulation of interest rates, the latest case in a multiyear investigation that has rattled the financial industry and spurred a public outcry for broad reform.
The underlying portrait, they found, was of a different, plainer woman and painted in a different style.
I.B.M.’s program, which like these apps relies on users to report their consumption truthfully, is a more customizable model.
The moment that will get Shanahan’s attention, though, is Nashville’s Shea Weber slamming Henrik Zetterberg’s head into the glass as the game ended, which will cost the Predators dearly if Weber is suspended because he is their most dominant defenseman.
Mr. Turner said he hoped other private citizens would follow his example and consider running for office.
But as the father raised money and handed out buttons that read “A new generation,” his message was clear: this was a family business.
These sounds have a feeling of lively reality that offsets the ponderous weirdness of the tableau.
And that was the end of it?
It is not clear how deeply the union’s resistance reaches into ICE ranks.
It turned out that there was not room for more than half of what I proposed.
Mr. Veyder-Malberg, a former advertising executive in Vienna, seems to delight in piquing the Wachau establishment.
It’s intense, recalling the early breakthrough videos from Cash Money Records, namely Juvenile’s “Ha,” more than anything from Mr. Ross’s recent corpus.
(One exception is Lunesta, which was tested for up to six months.)
He’s always talking, giving us advice.
OBITUARIES An obituary on Sept. 3 about Gen. William W. Momyer of the United States Air Force contained several errors.
For those who prefer it, Threadflip offers a “white glove” service that does the photography, uploads, pricing and shipping for you.
Pellegrini has had a forgettable Olympics; she also finished fifth in the 400 freestyle.
But time has shown that the biggest threat to America’s coasts is not an overabundance of public space but its absence.
NEW HAVEN Long Wharf Theater “Satchmo at the Waldorf,” drama by Terry Teachout.
Uniforms worn at the Lake Placid Games in 1980 were designed by Levi Strauss.
The standards won’t take effect until 2014, but many public school systems have begun adjusting their curriculums to satisfy the new mandates.
TheBlaze TV will be the first online network to make the leap from the Internet to traditional TV on Dish.
It’s one thing to have a system that almost always reflects the will of the majority, and once every hundred years (or fifty, if you believe Sean Trende’s fascinating analysis of the 1960 popular vote) delivers a narrowly countermajoritarian outcome.
It’s an escape – a way to become someone somehow better than you are for a while, as the words flow and the tale is told.
Amnesty International has called for the immediate release of 17 political prisoners.
Do you remember what you performed?
As a teenager, he used his student card to buy $4.50 seats in what he calls “Blue Heaven,” a k a the Garden’s cheap seats.
About 15 minutes later, the man walked into a Capital One branch at 1226 Kings Highway, the police said, and handed over a note, but did not get any cash.
Other factors, including expiring patents, mean that each company’s profit will be affected differently.
— Glenn Collins City Room : New York’s Roman Catholic archbishop, Timothy Dolan, arrived from Milwaukee two years ago professing his love for beer, brats and Velveeta.
While there are powerful interest groups within the Russian government, none of them can act without Mr. Putin’s consent, leaving him at center of a complex system that must balance disparate demands.
The superfluous second kitchen became a closet and changing area.
As Banking Titans Reflect on Their Errors, Few Pay Any Price | Like a defecting Syrian colonel or converted climate-change denier, Sanford I. Weill has been heartily welcomed among those on the right side of history, Jesse Eisinger writes in his column, The Trade.
It is creating a concert program, which will pair live music and Zumba instruction.
After Mr. Morsi met for hours with the judges of Egypt ’s Supreme Judicial Council, his spokesman read an “explanation” on television that appeared to backtrack from a presidential decree placing Mr. Morsi’s official edicts above judicial scrutiny — even while saying the president had not actually changed a word of the statement.
By late afternoon, this appeared to be the prevailing sentiment across the city.
What do you know now that you didn’t know then?
Powers called it “a strange thing indeed” for the Academy to shift decision making to third parties, in this case the newspapers.
Most foreign crises are unpredictable.
The new order [PDF] applies to people who can prove they tried to apply for electronic ballots on time but could not get them because fax lines were busy or e-mail in-boxes were overflowing.
As the mainstream Chinese carriers become more efficient and improve their service standards and brands, they are likely to become major players on the international stage, analysts believe.
O'HARA--John Francis, Sr. died on May 3, 2012 at age 88.
Snapple Theater Center, 210 West 50th Street, (800) 745-3000, ticketmaster.com .
Marmorstein treats it dismissively (“there are a few things worth reviewing here”) but it seems to me both touching and immensely telling.
The company has also created an iPhone application that lets car owners manage their vehicles.
“The whole downtown is gone,” Mr. Beshear said in a telephone interview.
“What the defendant did caused lifetime harm to all of us on that plane,” Mrs. Haskell said.
He was not in Central Park at his usual place and time on Wednesday and did not return calls to his cellphone.
In recent weeks the news spotlight has focused on the 29-year-old novice tyrant Kim Jong-un , performing his family’s time-tested repertoire of bellicose bluster.
“We are not new to this.
IUDs should not be inserted in women who are pregnant or who have cancer of the cervix or endometrium.
Over the same period, though, the number of unemployed city residents rose by more than 42,000, pushing the unemployment rate up a full percentage point, from 9 percent in July 2011.
I’m not doing any road racing or anything, but when I can, I ride to work.
But as budget cuts have forced campuses to dramatically scale back what they can offer, that paradigm has begun to shift.
I would not put myself in the same sentence with him.
To me, it’s more about the team.
Each was affixed with a small plastic tube that piped in shots of carbon dioxide.
He anticipated, aides said, to be in a position of strength in at least some of the states that turned Democratic in 2008 for the first time in a generation, but few of them show signs of breaking decisively his way, and Mr. Obama still has more and clearer paths to 270 electoral votes.
Once you figure out some of the pattern, it’ll be a bit more manageable because the clues are more on a Wednesday level of difficulty.
Before Carson became a superstar of narrative nonfiction — showered with awards, honorary degrees and speaking offers — she was a mild-mannered government drone who spent 16 years writing press releases and pamphlets for what eventually became the United States Fish and Wildlife Service.
Ford attributed much of the advantage to the C-Max’s E.V.
And deservedly: the A.N.C.’s accomplishments as a liberation movement are extraordinary.
Sara’s last gift to us was to embrace death on her own terms, with no need for visits to the vet, needles, or discord over final steps.
We remain confident of earning regulatory approval.” The F.T.C.
Plant operators made several mistakes, creating a poisonous and unstable environment in the reactor core.
The bride is the daughter of Patricia Cerami Devine and James J. Devine of Holmdel, N.J.
Your site should have helpful content and at least three to five ways to engage potential customers, including offering an e-book download, newsletter sign-ups and free webinar sign-ups .
In this sylvan spirit, gilded and sculpted jewelry controlled some of the burgeoning shapes.
Then came the deli’s image-burnishing turn in the 1984 Woody Allen movie “ Broadway Danny Rose .” “That’s now our most popular sandwich,” Mrs. Levine said of the menu item named after the film (corned beef and pastrami with Russian dressing on rye for $19.95).
Here is a small sampling of college admissions books — and there are many — that might be useful to readers of The Choice this summer.
A representative for Mr. Newsom said that the payments would be donated to charity and would be disclosed in accordance with state law.
The commission contracts much of its work out to nonprofit groups, but the court ruled that one of those groups, Disability Advocates, Inc. , did not have standing to sue on behalf of mentally ill adults.
He owes this transformation in part to one of the state’s most powerful Democrats, John L. Sampson of Brooklyn, the Senate Democratic leader.
Remember Week 2’s bust-fest between the Chicago Bears and Green Bay Packers or Cam Newton’s fantasy meltdown against the supposedly soft Giants secondary while running back Andre Brown became Jim Brown for a day in Week 3?
Readers dissatisfied with a response or concerned about the paper’s journalistic integrity may reach the public editor at public@nytimes.com or (212) 556-7652.
Multitasking comes naturally to Ms. Spalding, who grew up in Portland, Ore., and now splits her time between New York and Austin, Tex., and has made her mark not just as a virtuoso jazz bassist or an effortlessly nimble singer but as an exotic hybrid of the two.
Asked about the Libor scandal now rattling the broader banking industry, Mr. Pandit and Mr. Gerspach both said Citigroup was cooperating with requests for information from several jurisdictions.
For the rest of the subway system, though, the information gap is likely to persist.
It is a landscape film, an essay film, a celebrity biography full of testimony from friends and colleagues and also a hauntingly original piece of literary criticism.
They raised the beams with a block and tackle.
She covers a lot of ground.
Wonkette’s funny, but I value straight news and analysis vs. cleverness for pageviews sake.
Four years after he was discharged under “ don’t ask, don’t tell ,” Anthony Loverde is poised to be reinstated in the United States Air Force.
Perhaps as important as the volume of the trade and investment, though, is how complementary the two countries’ industries are.
In carefully guarded language, however, the commission sought to caution the new French president that the country’s budgetary situation remained challenging, especially given “tensions” over sovereign debt.
In an interview, Clarence Ditlow, the executive director of the Center for Auto Safety, said Ford and Mazda should be required to carry out a more expensive repair: replacing all the cruise control cables to make sure they have not been damaged.
SIEDMAN--Burton, on February 14, 2012.
It also filed a charge with the National Labor Relations Board, alleging that the union’s vote “constitutes bad-faith bargaining.” The maneuvers, which followed two days of failed negotiations in the presence of federal mediators, have fueled fears that the N.H.L.
Q. I enjoyed the article you recently wrote about Crate & Barrel and the new ad campaign that plays up the ampersand in its name.
Polls showed that many Americans, even those who agreed with the Republican fiscal agenda, found the process, which included nearly shutting down the government, too messy.
Bishop Sheen’s television popularity notwithstanding, Protestants continued to take shots at Catholicism; witness the runaway success of Paul Blanshard’s “American Freedom and Catholic Power” (11 printings in as many months) and the religious opposition that very nearly cost John F. Kennedy the presidency in 1960.
[New York Post] Police officers have arrested and charged a driver they believe struck and killed a young man while driving while intoxicated early Sunday morning in Sunnyside, Queens.
When Mahmoud Karzai discovered what his brother had done, he demanded that Shah Wali return the money.
I’m trying to bring that to a punchline.” Seinfeld likens his fine-bore interest in jokes to his longstanding infatuation with Porsches, of which he owns “a few dozen.” “People ask me, Why Porsches?
“White on White: Churches of Rural New England,” exhibition on architectural design and historic preservation.
Conservatives trounced the moderates and have driven them from the party.
Simmering tensions between Pakistan’s top generals and judges bubbled into public view on Monday when the powerful army chief and the country’s crusading chief justice issued hard-hitting statements that suggested an unusual degree of friction between them.
The video is already playing as a public service announcement in some D.M.V.’s throughout the Washington State, and there are plans to try to link it to state motor vehicle Web sites for those who are renewing a license online.
As he has in the past, he searched for a silver lining in the data, noting that the private sector had generated 4.3 million new jobs since the depths of the recession .
“I live paycheck to paycheck, and it’s devastating.” Ms. D’Amato was one of dozens of employees of a National Grid subsidiary in Massachusetts who spent 10 days or more on Long Island, where hundreds of thousands of customers lost power in the storm.
Hyperbolic geometry is no more artificial than Euclidean.
Sam Willoughby of Australia took second in 37.929, with Carlos Mario Oquendo Zabala of Columbia finishing in 38.251 to win the bronze.
And somber, subtle music (composed and performed by Daniel and Matthew Pencer) feels as pervasive as air.
Despite a series of treatments that did little more than add 40 pounds to his athletic frame, the attack lasted from March through August.
“I need a scale?” “You need a scale, and you need to do a weight every morning.
Dr. Reich and others suggest that they were once scattered widely across Asia, from the cold northern cave to the tropical south.
As with his 80-yard touchdown reception to give the Giants the lead over the Tampa Bay Bucs in Week 2, Cruz was able to beat the Redskins deep on a seam route from the slot.
It’s not like a scary movie anymore.”
Nina and I would have to bring our children by sometime soon, I thought.
They “also beg the question of what the underlying influences that are driving these associations may be.” One driving force, Dr. Richards suspects, may be the difficulty in balancing school or job demands with the management of a chronic disease.
Mr. Solomon’s first chapter, entitled “Son,” is as masterly a piece of writing as I’ve come across all year.
There was hand-wringing about the progress of radical Islam, both in chaotic countries and through the ballot box, as a result of the turmoil of the “Arab awakening.” But there was little specificity about causes or cures.
I believe he’s raising his family the way I would want to raise mine.” Dr. Peterson has that sense of connection, too.
“If there’s a silver lining in this shambles, this is it.
Russia, by contrast, accounts for only 2 percent of China’s total overseas trade in value terms.
The Lede is signing off for the day, but we will return on Wednesday to continue following the hearings.
I was young, maybe 4, when I learned where babies came from.
“It makes me very sad and frustrated,” Mr.
“Because the partnership lacks any shared cultural values or history, money becomes the core value holding the firm together,” said William Henderson, a law professor at Indiana University who studies law firms.
JAMESPORT Rosalie Dimon Gallery, Jamesport Manor Inn East End Arts Members Exhibition, featuring Dan Welden, master printmaker, and Elizabeth Malunowicz, classical realist artist.
And who doesn’t want to feel happy before playing?
46, acfny.org ; free with reservation.
Romo completed four of six passes on the drive, leaving him with a team-record 349 completions this season.
Nick and Christian Candy, the brothers behind the One Hyde Park development in London, caught the attention of the world when they set several high-water marks in that city, topping off above £7,000 a square foot ($10,900 a square foot).
I am eager to work at a more thoughtful pace, with fewer artistic compromises.” The strip struck a chord with its readers and still resonates.
“Write me something, Richard,” he said.
“You can’t just rely on that we’re at home.” For evidence, Rivers only needs to show his team the 1982 footage that Collins showed the Sixers.
Mr. Dacic’s soaring popularity, analysts say, reflects widespread disenchantment with the current government of Mr. Tadic, a George Clooney look-a-like and darling of Brussels and Washington who has successfully shepherded the country toward the European Union during his eight years as president.
That investigation ended with two former officers on death row but resulted in no formal consent decree.
“I could not disagree with Hilary Rosen any more strongly,” said Jim Messina, Mr. Obama’s campaign manager.
In the latest edition, “Fore,” organized by three young staff curators, Lauren Haynes, Naima J. Keith and Thomas J. Lax, covers the waterfront in terms of media, which it samples and mixes with turntablist flair, and in its contents, ranging from abstract to personal to political, sometimes combining all three.
The Obama administration on Wednesday announced its most significant moves yet to open relations with Myanmar , lifting the travel ban on its senior leaders and easing some sanctions that have starved the country of most American investments for more than two decades.
As on the 911, owners can order every flavor of alphabet soup.
I’d have thought I was the only person with this problem, if one of you hadn’t written to me about it earlier this week.
Slim and bald, with slightly protuberant ears that are somehow endearing, this modest stranger addresses us with the awkward air of someone itching with discomfort at public speaking.
The exchange caught the attention of Austin Bragg, 33, a producer for Reason TV.
She had been known as a gregarious woman who, they said, greeted them with shouts of “Hola, vecina” — “Hello, neighbor.” But now, they said, she avoided eye contact and said little.
Marisa Lynch’s plucky, high-spirited “New Dress a Day” shows how with “Dressipes” that explain what tools and trim are needed for each sartorial suggestion she makes, and before-and-after snapshots of her projects.
Mr. Garabedian said Sarepta did not have the money or the manufacturing capacity to make the drug available outside of clinical trials.
She will reprise her original role, which, for many dancegoers underlines her status as America’s greatest contemporary ballerina.
If Mr. Androes dies of cancer, sad as it will be, it cannot be laid at anyone’s doorstep but his own.
The Lede blog has been following the reaction as reported by correspondents from The New York Times and The International Herald Tribune based around the world.
But Mr. Lodor, an independent product development consultant from Leominster, remains defiant.
“We didn’t have any backs in the game in that personnel grouping; we just had the three receivers and the two tight ends,” Patriots Coach Bill Belichick said Saturday night of the Hernandez play.
He has been the head team physician at the University of Connecticut.
Donations in lieu of flowers, to: Disabled American Veterans, P.O Box 14301, Cincinnati, OH, 43250.
And, in one stroke, he found a way to irk both Washington and his political opponents at home, appointing a new defense minister who has been accused by the United States of supporting the drug trafficking activities of a Colombian rebel group classified as a terrorist organization by the State Department.
You can find him on Twitter (@JPCavan).
Viewers may watch interactive films on topics like women’s rights, children’s rights, civil rights or refugees, and answer questions related to the topic.
“Someone ran at me with a gun drawn, screamed at me to get down to the ground, pushed me onto my knees, and then put my face in the ground.” He was led up the stairs in handcuffs by a plainclothes police officer and others in uniform.
The bride’s father owned the Skolnicks bagel restaurants in Montgomery, Pa., and King of Prussia, Pa.
Critics said that the ads promoted body dysmorphia, even violence.
Even before the assault on Kirkland, it has been an awful October so far around the sport.
If you can’t make words that cross, erase and try again.
It’s performed by a band helpfully named Survivor.
At 7:30 p.m., Symphony Space, 2537 Broadway, at 95th Street, (212) 864-5400, symphonyspace.org ; $30, $25 for members, $15 for under 30.
Justice Sonia Sotomayor, who came last year, is absent tonight.
Mr. Dewett warns against coaches who guarantee results.
He slams Alex over the head with a fire extinguisher and flees.
Two members of the Afghan Local Police and one member of the national police force were killed.
But it wasn’t connected to any personally identifiable information.
[ 6:54 p.m. | Updated | I added some background below on a new Nature Climate Change study on current and predicted North American drought.]
That produces a test that Mr. Stroup said is more sensitive to how it ranks students than to measuring what they have learned.
“It has lessened in terms of the concern of its just overwhelming Hong Kong,” he said.
That was the reason we brought in Eddie and Alan, two guys into the squad that are really good in the air and that can lay balls off.
Armed with the new estimates of capital requirements, the government is expected to move swiftly to negotiate the final terms of the European rescue package.
For Coca-Cola, “our biggest competitor is really our past,” Mr. Tripodi said, referring to the fabled heritage of the Coca-Cola brand, and “our biggest challenge is really our present.” “Fifty-seven percent of the stores in the world do not carry our products, including this hotel,” he said ruefully.
Texans 38, Titans 14 The Texans are 4-0 and putting up good offensive numbers without relying heavily on Andre Johnson.
(A. O. Scott) ★ ‘The Artist’ (PG-13, 1:40) This best-film Oscar nominee is not so much a tribute to the glories of silent cinema as an ingeniously up-to-date attempt to replicate their magic.
The portrait remained in their collection for nearly half a century and never hit the market until this week.
That means fewer customers for American goods, less European investment in American markets and continued concerns about financial stability — given that the euro area accounts for nearly one in every five dollars of global economic output, and the United States and the European Union account for about a third of global trade flows.
— Suzanne Spector How to Manage a Start-up Without Ruining Your Family ericfarkas.com | Tips on balancing life with your start-up family and your actual family.
Brockers handles double teams well, using his strength to stand his ground, disengage from blocks and make tackles.
NEW HAVEN Outdoor Garden Theater, Consiglio’s Restaurant “The Return of Count Fangula,” musical comedy by Elizabeth Fuller.
Cincinnati had a chance, but Mike Nugent missed a 42-yard field-goal try with three minutes left, his first miss of the season, and Dalton later sailed a pass intended for Andrew Hawkins.
“We’re facing a big crisis that might lead us to civil war,” said Haytham Manna, a prominent dissident.
“A lot of the musicians that I have photographed — life has not been kind to them,” Mr. Williams said.
Two daughters, Zainab, 7, and Zeena, 4, survived, Zainab with serious injuries from blows to her head and a shoulder gunshot wound, and Zeena, uninjured, after she had hid for eight hours under the skirt of her dead mother in the BMW’s back seat.
Mr. Perry attacked Mr. Paul Monday for his isolationist views on foreign policy, suggesting that “when Ron Paul is further to the left then Barack Obama , that should tell you something.” And he singled out Rick Santorum , the former Pennsylvania senator and conservative culture warrior, as “the king of earmarks” during his time in the Senate.
We in what is now condescendingly called “the legacy media” live in terror of the Internet, and the sense that it is creating a kind of information anarchy.
(He did not have time to buy any.)
Octoberfest at Urban Stages (Saturday and Sunday) At this Octoberfest, which runs through Nov. 4, there’s plenty brewing, but all of it is suitable for families: storytelling, magic, music and a series of plays about heroic women, all presented in honor of the 20th anniversary of the outreach program of Urban Stages.
Mulford Farm, 10 James Lane.
You can reach three of them and a section of wall via the gate on Suur-Kloostri.
Robert Wilkinson Castle Jr. was born in Jersey City on Aug. 29, 1929.
The apocalyptic work may leave Mr. Camacho with no way out, but Meg Stuart, the choreographer, is skilled at drawing her audiences in, even when dealing with ominous themes.
“It’s cool, it’s a fun shape, and it makes the medicine cabinet a non-invisible appointment,” he said.
Con Ed had angered the union by demanding changes in pension and health care benefits and by cutting off union workers’ health insurance at the beginning of the lockout, which was a defensive measure against the threat of a strike.
Circle in the Square Theater, 1633 Broadway, at 50th Street, (212) 239-6200, telecharge.com .
Good chemistry and an even better Cinderella story propelled the team to a successful February.
But I’m not sure this Simpsons poster by Matt Groenig isn’t an improvement.
The photographs in question showed people who said they had lost weight by using Nutrisystem, but there was no disclosure that the people had been paid or that the results of their weight loss were not typical.
It will begin in 2013, not 2012.
Maybe there isn’t a way.
“You didn’t elect me to tell you what you wanted to hear,” he said.
“In the case of Darjeeling tea, it was accepted that there was specificity that is unique — and geographically based,” said João Cravinho, the European Union’s ambassador to India.
PORT CHESTER Clay Art Center Holiday Studio Tour and Sale.
More than 100 years later, it is still used in multiple ways (many makeup artists rave that a dab on the cheek imparts a luminous glow) and is still sold in its trademark vintage-looking tin.
While a state decision to close a commercial reactor is very rare, the ruling was likely to resonate elsewhere.
It’s the same old Tony.”
In the process, Lillard joined Oscar Robertson and Isiah Thomas as the only N.B.A.
They began studying subjects Picasso had painted during those years along with photographs of his friends, comparing them with new and old infrared images of the figure as well as with X-rays of the painting.
The rise of the Fabians in England, of the progressives in the United States or of the elite professional classes in Bismarckian and Weimar Germany, to take some familiar examples, established a cohort of individuals who were given status and a comfortable livelihood in return for the license to render complex judgments and decisions in a disinterested manner.
requires that radiologists not be told anything about the patient.
Perhaps this disguise would encourage the gypsy band to accept me as one of their own, and I could filch my clever wallet from them.
Usually, I want to crawl into a cave by mid-December and come out on Jan. 2, when the coast is clear, when there are no immediate school functions, and grandparents are held at bay.
In another room, Richard N. Haass, the president of the Council on Foreign Relations, assessed Mr. Obama’s comedy routine earlier with Colin Powell, who is a veteran of both war and the correspondents’ dinner.
Today’s Times Weekly Address Happenings in Washington
“Every player needs a little kick every now and then, no matter how tested they are.
Balla Gaye 2 ran to his corner and hugged his manager, while Yékini’s team went to help the fallen, visibly shocked champion to his feet and out of the ring.
In the meantime, here is a general lay of the land.
“Thus there is a view that as the competition heats up, New Zealand needs to coordinate its efforts to strengthen its international profile and be much more aggressive in marketing and recruitment, even just to maintain its position,” he said in an e-mail.
Is there anything that I can hook a harness to?” If there is a mega-disaster and people flee cities, one species will be ready to take them over: the raccoon.
Conflict arises between the two, but nurturing does as well, with Estela mothering Kenzie where Kenzie’s own mother has failed.
Instead, he shouldered a shovel and built forts and gun emplacements.
For others: What questions might you add to this list?
It belongs to the Hamamelis vernalis species, a native from the Ozarks that blooms in winter.
The encouragement was, well, encouraging.
The setting of such a precedent should deeply concern everyone, admirers of WikiLeaks or not.
“China always supports the euro and the European Union, which is a sharp contrast to the negative international voices on the prospect of Europe.” Perhaps he had in mind the ratings agencies.
A Gallup poll in June showed that only 21 percent of Americans had confidence in banks, down 2 percentage points from a year earlier and way off the 41 percent in 2007 before the crisis.
I wouldn’t want it to be the same.” IF YOU GO At Casa Laguna Inn and Spa (2510 South Coast Highway, Laguna Beach; 949-494-2996; casalaguna.com ), rooms range from $179 to $599 depending on season, room type and day of week.
Unfavorable Defense/Special Teams Matchups Atlanta vs. Tampa, San Francisco vs. New Orleans, Giants vs. Green Bay, Miami vs. Seattle Do you have a “start or sit” question?
They were second in points allowed and first in rushing yardage.
On Thursday, investors were heartened by a new Spanish budget that included big cuts, pushing yields down for the day, from 6.06 percent to 5.94 percent.
HOW might the elections effect European economic policies?
My favorite white in a recent tasting was the smooth Campania Bianco ($23.99), a blend named for the Italian region that was home to the family of Mr. Waters’s wife, Linda, before they immigrated to the United States.
The centerpiece of the response announced by Mr. Ayrault is a payroll tax cut that will lower the cost of labor for French companies.
Right now, they are more perimeter-oriented.
A bigger audience is not only important to Flipboard, but also to the publishers that are working with the company, because it increases the value of their content, Mr. McCue said.
This is the dream that keeps owners spending and helps agents do their jobs.
“Oh,” he said, eyeing the plain-Jane cookies, “I was expecting something ... gooier.” Sadly, I had to concede that even tied up in red ribbons, homey chocolate shortbreads are just not sexy enough to be Valentine’s Day fare.
“We are aware of the incident,” said Ed Donovan, a spokesman for the Secret Service.
Every action, from grabbing a cup to turning the pages of a book, requires some such exercise in the brain.
After the match (above), she graciously helped me improve an ineffectual grip that probably had cost me half a dozen games.
“There are people who want to do something to save the world, make a contribution to it, do something both in terms of energy and climate,” he said.
The vessels usually ply the open ocean but have been known to anchor at reefs at night and cast lines for sharks, especially because populations of oceanic sharks have plummeted .
Ms. Roth said Mr. Roth had been calling her and sending her text messages since Wednesday evening.
Some of them even were communal living.
Still, at least one player thinks he and his teammates would be smarter to try to adhere even more closely to the rules, essentially to remove the replacement officials from the game.
In Geneva in June, at least some key countries — the United States, Britain and France — signed off on an agreement that speaks to a negotiated transition.
The Library of Congress will award the $1 million John W. Kluge Prize for lifetime intellectual achievement in the humanities and social sciences to Fernando Henrique Cardoso, who had a distinguished international career as a scholar before twice being elected president of Brazil.
But there is no exact precedent for what appears to be the current campaign against Iran, involving Israel and the United States and a broad array of methods.
Original Super Bowl rings do turn up at auctions or (cue the tragic melody) at pawn shops, where they bring sums that can go into six figures.
At a minimum, they said, they hope Congress will avoid more painful cuts.
But “incidents in the recent past where Afghan soldiers have wounded or killed I.S.A.F.
He moves on when these Victorian specialties become passé.
In July 2009, or 10 months before the flash crash, Mr. Saluzzi squared off on CNBC against Irene Aldridge, a prominent advocate of high-frequency trading .
Its director of enforcement, Robert Khuzami, announced on Jan. 5 that in cases in which a parallel criminal proceeding resulted in an admission of a violation of securities laws, the admission would be incorporated into the civil disposition.
There remains a detail that is not convincingly explained in Mr. Haboldt’s fact sheet.
Putting a positive twist on how things are going is a way to convey hope.
By last fall, three of the original seven had left voluntarily, and one was forced out.
On a conference call, Commissioner Bud Selig played down the effect on local TV outlets.
Mr. Geele was said to have been carrying an ax.
The hosts had agreed to dispense with the “clutch,” the private greeting they receive from the president just before the main event, to give the guests they had invited more time with Obama.
The possibility of a higher surge was one reason that Mayor Michael R. Bloomberg of New York ordered mandatory evacuations in low-lying areas, just as he did before Tropical Storm Irene.
And the dancers were not allowed to answer with a single word, they had to find a way to answer it with gesture, with their bodies – with dance but also with gestures and movement.
NEWARK The Newark Museum “Buddhism, Taoism, Confucius and the Cult of Mao: China’s Religious Arts,” exhibition of religious art from diverse regions of China.
“Susan Classen-Sullivan: Love You More Than Life.” “Stacey Steers: Night Hunter.” “Alix Lambert: Crime.” Through April 8.
Two weeks ago, Mr. Knowlton decided to turn down the opportunity to pitch one business, because it was already courting a competitor.
The Republican presidential candidates frequently invoke Keystone on the campaign trail.
Além disso, um relatório importante produzido por engenheiros locais demonstrou que os fatores de risco anunciados pela prefeitura foram estudados inadequadamente e são imprecisos.
The ships’ cargo alone offered a unique guide to medieval life around the Mediterranean Sea.
Arguably, that makes it redundant if Mr. Romney thinks he already has a path to 270 electoral votes through Wisconsin.
Sports is one of the few places apart from the battlefield where the idea of national rivalry has been maintained alive.
Black billboards with Koranic inscriptions have replaced advertisements, residents said.
FlexEnergy , a company in Irvine, Calif., has developed a new way to use gas at low methane concentrations, a process it has been trying out on landfill gas at Fort Benning in Georgia.
“I passed all the tests,” she said.
Many politicians in Madrid as well as Barcelona welcomed Mr. Mas’s unexpected fall from grace.
Considering his reputation as the top corner in the league before his injury, Revis does not figure to be amenable to remaining a bargain.
“What they get from this is sometimes encouragement, sometimes suggestions, and sometimes a swift boot to the butt to help put them back on the right path.” Mr. Paolini acknowledged that there is no guarantee that people will be honest about what they do or don’t consume when they use the I.B.M.
Joe Flacco took ill-timed sacks, and there was questionable play-calling, especially late in the game, from the coordinator Cam Cameron.The The part of their game that has to worry the Ravens is that they struggled to pressure Yates.
As a place to browse and a place for older and odder titles, I find it invaluable.
It was such a seemingly wild scheme that Mr. Beyene had his doubts when Dr. Macchiarini first proposed it.
In 2004, the brothers Cristiano and Lupo Rattazzi bought the villa for their mother, Susanna Agnelli, whose grandfather, Giovanni Agnelli, founded Fiat.
All this will get you is contradictions and absurdities.
Mr. Nassirian criticized the College Board’s database of photographs, suggesting that it would be an ineffective security measure and that it inappropriately gives admissions officers access to information that a student might not otherwise opt to disclose.
HOPEWELL Gallery 14 “Barbershop and Beauty Parlor Portraits in Ghana and Mali,” an exhibition with color photographs of advertising signs.
As the United States turns increasingly to Special Operations forces to confront developing threats scattered around the world, the nation’s top Special Operations officer, a member of the Navy Seals who oversaw the raid that killed Osama bin Laden , is seeking new authority to move his forces faster and outside of normal Pentagon deployment channels.
Still, something is missing in a season in which the forsythia came and went without mud.
After a season in which the Jets seemed out of sync, their owner seemed out of touch with the off-the-field issues plaguing his team.
A last-minute touchdown resulted in a win, but not one that brought nearly as much praise as the Ravens’ trouncing of the Bengals on Monday night.
The comparable figure is 82 percent across the overall O.E.C.D.
In addition to a virtuosic account of the harpsichord part by Benjamin Alard, the Brandenburg found Mr. Kuijken playing the viola da spalla, a kind of miniature cello strapped on the player’s neck and played like a violin, which Mr. Kuijken favors for certain works because of its mellow sound.
That includes the manufacture of energy-efficient appliances, batteries and wind turbines, workers at nuclear plants and hydroelectric dams, municipal bus drivers and trash collectors, and 65,050 workers in natural resources and mining, presumably those involved in cleaning up around oil rigs and coal mines.
The commission said the latest jamming began on Saturday, after North Korea’s recent warnings of “special actions” to attack the government of President Lee Myung-bak in South Korea and the South’s conservative news media, which the North accuses of slandering its leadership.
As it happened, Nolan had family in Northern Ireland and held Irish republican views, but the whole thing unfolded quietly with no public statements.
Miller raced Tattler’s Jet in Michigan, North Dakota, Illinois, Ohio, Minnesota, Iowa and Ontario.
If that happens, the Mets, under their contract, may be able to walk away from Digital Domain Park if another team does not relocate to their stadium or somewhere reasonably close, said Chad Dzadovsky, the chairman of the board of commissioners in St. Lucie County.
These include blasting caps for bombs and telephone components used to manufacture remote-control detonators.
In recent weeks, Chinese police officials in Jiangsu Province seized more than 6,000 illegal guns from two underground workshops and warehouses; a retired prison guard in Hong Kong was jailed for 18 months for keeping an arsenal of guns, silencers, grenades and thousands of rounds of ammunition in his public-housing apartment; and 17 suspected gun smugglers went on trial in Shanghai as part of a joint investigation with U.S. law enforcement officials.
She didn’t like him at first.
Mike Mon, the coach of Fastball, from Washington, said that Asian-American teams began organizing leagues in various cities decades ago when they had difficulty finding spots in existing leagues.
Besides its buoyant, graceful glow, Mendelssohn’s overture to his light opera “Die Heimkehr aus der Fremde” (often translated as “Son and Stranger”) has a particularly attractive quality: its rarity.
The latest uproar began this month when Dan T. Cathy, whose deeply religious father, S. Truett Cathy, started the company in 1967, told a Christian news organization that Chick-fil-A supported “the biblical definition of the family unit.” Mr. Cathy, the company’s president and chief operating officer, said later in a radio interview , “As it relates to society in general, I think we are inviting God’s judgment on our nation when we shake our fist at him and say, ‘We know better than you as to what constitutes a marriage.’ “ The statements, which prompted groups like the National Organization for Marriage to call Mr. Cathy a corporate hero, echo an ethos the company has never hidden.
I had heard similar complaints from other members of the party: that the P.T.I.
Family physicians receive 21,700 hours of education and clinical training during 11 years of medical education.
Tampa Bay Coach Greg Schiano remains unimpressed with your victory formation.
The Patriots’ defensive interception rate is among the best in the league at 3.1 percent.
Among the iconic works that define the collection, said its director, Ann Goldstein, are not only the Kienholz and Newman that Mr. Crouwel remembers, but Henri Matisse’s monumental 1952 “Parakeet and the Mermaid,” seven early 20th-century Suprematist works by Kazimir Malevich, Gerrit Rietveld’s De Stijl “Harrenstein Bedroom” and contemporary works by Dutch artists including Marlene Dumas, Rineke Dijkstra and Jan Dibbets.
••• For good measure, Regular Joe Biden, the muscle-car-loving vice president, has been sent to working-class locations in the Rust Belt while the first lady, Michelle Obama, went on “Late Show with David Letterman” on Monday and reminded everyone she went shopping at Target last year (Mr. Letterman helpfully flashed a photo of the outing.)
Still, its stock price has leaped 37 percent over the last five years.
This entire recall effort is a political game in and of itself.” Democrats, who have yet to settle on a candidate (a real one) to take on Mr. Walker, saw it differently.
HARTFORD Real Art Ways Stephen Haynes and Joe Morris, jazz.
He has been tough on giving more time to Greece and is a strong opponent of further moves toward European federalism or political unity.
In 1989 the Ayatollah Ruhollah Khomeini declared that Salman Rushdie ’s novel “The Satanic Verses” was offensive to Islam and issued a fatwa against the author, sentencing him to death.
“The fast dudes like mice are incredibly resilient in the face of human disturbance,” he said.
The flamboyant Rose Greenhow was openly sympathetic and a spy.
First a little biblical background.
So even though Greece is already effectively bankrupt, some investors are buying and holding the country’s short-term debt — gambling that, at least in March, Athens will make a point of paying its creditors.
Each magnificent spread looks like a still from a cherished animated classic.
When we view faces upside down, however, we engage primarily in featural face processing; configural face processing is strongly disrupted.
May 17 at 8 p.m. $65.
Net income was 55 cents a share, not including special items, above the expectations of Wall Street analysts of 51 cents a share and revenue of $3.15 billion, according to a survey of analysts cited by Inside Futures.
But Mr. Romney said the cuts would be “revenue neutral” and cost nothing because they would be paid for by ending tax breaks and loopholes.
“As Dewey’s partnership ranks thin, the banks have all the leverage,” said Bruce MacEwen, a lawyer and consultant who publishes the Web site Adam Smith Esq .
For an hour the dancing went on, the Sufi holy men chanting, “God is alive, God is alive, God is alive,” with more and more urgency, until the sun set behind the tomb and suddenly, when the music and chanting was at its most hypnotic and orgiastic, it all stopped.
Baylor has won 29 consecutive games, dating to the 2010 tournament, when Griner has had a double-double.
Known as the Hunting, Fishing, and Recreational Shooting Protection Act , it would specify that the Toxic Substances Control Act’s exemption on regulating ammunition also prevents the E.P.A.
Bryant Library, 2 Paper Mill Road.
Devotees also can go to Jackboxers.com , named for a fictional group within the Web series, which will have even more material, and from which a mobile app for the show can be downloaded.
Go watch a live performance of “Professional Widow” on the 1995 tour.
Kuroda’s command was in doubt early and often, and he walked four batters.
Jeffrey Sterling 2010 CASE A former C.I.A.
In 1975, Dr. Edwards took what had been a respected but obscure medical journal, The British Journal of Addiction, and turned it into the field’s flagship platform, publishing the top research findings from around the world.
It gets even better when you bear in mind that Romney has endorsed the Ryan plan, which would abolish Medicare as we know it and replace it with an underfunded voucher scheme.
“But we need to do it in a very compelling, more engaging way than we’ve been doing of late.” Time Inc., the publisher of 21 magazines including Time, People and Sports Illustrated, had a 7 percent, or $36 million, decrease in advertising revenue and a decrease of 9 percent, or $88 million, in overall revenue.
In a way, the flight was the Sputnik of its day, boosting national pride (for the French) and creating fear (for the British).
1133 Avenue of the Americas, at 43rd Street, (212) 857-0000, icp.org .
As parents began fielding requests for spaghetti tacos, recipes popped up on numerous cooking sites and mom blogs — and the dish became a running joke on the show.
“I felt it would be better in his voice, him looking back at this life,” George said.
They can be viewed in apartment 6M, by appointment, on Saturday and Sunday.
Mr. Wang, 52, had been the flamboyant police chief of the nearby city of Chongqing, which Mr. Bo ruled until his removal as party secretary this spring.
I think so far we are O.K.” Referring to Google’s purchase of Motorola, Ms. Lee confirmed that the companies’ relations were still good.
Federal spending last year, at 24.1 percent of gross domestic product, was on a par with 2009, but to see such levels before the recent recession , you have to go back to 1946 and the winding-down of World War II .
Michael J. Waller, the Lake County state’s attorney, said: “The comments attributed to Mike Mermel do not reflect my views on the role of the Lake County state’s attorney’s office.
LONDON–Outside the apartment building set to house the United States contingent in the Paralympic Village is an enormous picture frame with ornate scrollwork, spray-painted gold.
Petrova, seeded 27th, won her serve easily to trail, 4-3.
Her table pads are about 9 by 7 inches, and can be used as trivets.
In Iowa, it’s hard to avoid them.
“And I am going to take his room.
Mr. Lensing plans to put it on display soon.
Discussing “Madame Freedom,” for example, he pulled up the film’s original Korean poster on his iPad.
Then one winter evening, a neighbor, a minister’s wife, knocked on our door.
Amman, Islamabad, Bangkok, Seoul and New Delhi — not so much.
News accounts on Tuesday described an emotionally charged courtroom, with Ms. Chamberlain-Creighton sitting between her new husband, Rick Creighton, and Mr. Chamberlain.
Felton wanted an early start to begin learning Coach Mike Woodson’s offense.
Its chief executive is Ivan Gazidis, a former deputy commissioner of M.L.S.
As for the 49ers, their offense was exposed.
Oidvin placed Ras at her side, where she could see him with her left eye.
If they throw a bomb, you throw two.
If he had a free minute, he would start doing origami.
The regulator then shared those recommendations with the Bank of England , the British central bank.
Four years later, the toll hit home as Cushing confided to a friend, “I hate to think of going through another battle.” It was not until the 1960s that reformers next attempted to amend the state’s birth control restrictions.
The Taliban claimed responsibility for the attack in an e-mail sent to the news media.
It is what they call a “spillover” effect: manufacturing companies near one another create a kind of commons.
She also leaves four beautiful grandchildren: Emily Clippinger, Cordelia Avery, Nicholas Avery and Remy Renault.
The dreamy, formally playful and disarmingly erotic pictures she made — mostly of herself partly unclothed or naked — project a self surrendering unreservedly to the spirit of art.
The nocturnal animals need _________ to travel and spend most of their days safely tucked in their forest habitat.
But 9 Rc1 neglected his development, and 9 Nc3 would have been better.
So has expansion by fast-food chains, including McDonald’s.
And Scherzer, who finished second to Verlander in the American League with 231 strikeouts but endured shoulder problems late in the year, struck out eight in five and one-third innings in Game 4, when he was charged with one unearned run.
Usually only eight get to the finals.
“A very small group of men set policy in China, and they don’t see women’s rights as a mainstream issue,” said Hui Jin, 27, a postgraduate veterinary student who helped organize the wedding dress protest.
India and China have both long held to a doctrine of “ minimum deterrence .” Delhi and Beijing – unlike, say, Pakistan or the United States – view nuclear weapons strictly as tools for deterrence, only to be used in response to a nuclear strike.
A very good run-supporter, which can be critical for a Cover 2 corner.
The swift currents in the Strait of Juan de Fuca, which separates the Olympic Peninsula from Canada, are apparently keeping the sediment plume moving in wide dispersal, government divers said as they climbed out.
Marines had been taking fire from there.
Mr. Gibb formed the Bee Gees with his brothers Barry and Maurice in 1958 in Brisbane, Australia, and they went on to become major stars in the disco era and one of biggest-selling groups of all time, with hits like “Stayin’ Alive” and “How Deep Is Your Love.” Maurice Gibb, who was Robin Gibb’s twin brother, died in 2003 at 53 from complications of a twisted intestine.
Faced with 16-hour workdays, it is hard enough to find time to shave.
The Sudan People’s Liberation Movement-North has acknowledged holding the Chinese workers, but it has suggested that they were spirited away from the battle zone for their own protection.
The label, carried at big retailers like Macy’s and Dillard’s, veered conservative.
Ms. Antonacci ended with Fauré’s lilting “Au Bord de l’Eau.” She has never performed in a staged opera in New York.
After a breakfast of three mutton chops and a soft-boiled egg, Lees kept in fighting trim with a run of three miles around the reservoir.
Dassault, whose software is more commonly used by architects to design buildings, or by car companies to simulate the effects of crashes, worked with specialists from the Carnavalet and consulted old maps, archaeological drawings and other records in a quest for historical accuracy.
And I thought it fair that John Terry keeps the captain’s armband.” While Capello told RAI that he “absolutely” did not agree with the F.A.’s decision, top officials were taken aback and angered by Capello’s decision to go public.
Each team featured an intimidating defense — the Texans’ ranked second, the Ravens’ third — and a quarterback overshadowed by a star running back.
Once these price cuts happen, the resale prices for the iPhone 4S and iPhone 4 will drop.
At one point, when asked by a member of the audience if he believed that humans caused global warming, Mr. Gingrich responded, “I believe we don’t know.” He then characterized a 2008 commercial on global warming, in which he appeared alongside Nancy Pelosi, the Democratic speaker of the House at the time, as “the dumbest single thing I’ve done in the last five or six years.” Mr. Gingrich has faced criticism from Republican rivals for appearing in the commercial.
The Al Kamandjati Association , established in 2002, aims to support the education of Palestinian children, especially those living in refugee camps and villages throughout Palestine and Lebanon.
Some analysts attributed the bump to gains in the stock market, while others credited the improved outlook for housing.
Meanwhile a recent warning from the president of the European Central Bank, Mario Draghi, of an economic slowdown were weighing heavily on the financial markets, Mr. Tommaselli added.
One of them is the aging of the baby boomers.
— Eric Asimov CNN : Oh, the shame of being a woman who has to dine alone, and be thought a loser or a lurer.
Just as DNA from Neanderthals has helped illuminate the origins of modern humans, DNA from ancient dog fossils should help illuminate the story of early dog domestication in the next few years.
After his discharge he served as a civilian in the Army Counter Intelligence Corps in Germany, in the course of which he worked with the U.S. prosecution team in the trial of German war criminals at Nuremberg.
In a little more than 10 weeks, French voters will decide whether or not to give Nicolas Sarkozy a second five-year term.
Meanwhile the race-thinking pervading the official rhetoric has been ignored, as has the imperial-Japanese provenance of so much of it, like the talk in recent weeks of defending Kim Jong-un with “human bombs” if necessary.
And though I didn’t have a car, I noticed that valet parking was $57 a night.
“Every piece I would own myself,” she says.
For years, Myanmar has been frozen out of many international activities because of Washington’s disapproval of the former repressive military government.
I read “On the Road” for first time when researching this book, and I was bowled over: Kerouac really found a way of putting the wellsprings of his own life down on the page.
Ellen Staurowsky , a professor of sports management at Drexel University in Philadelphia , has proposed “reimagining” the college system to acknowledge that football and basketball players are employees first and students a distant second.
In addition, the European Union recently opened an investigation into whether the Russian export monopoly Gazprom blocks fair competition in the natural gas markets of Central and Eastern Europe.
Mr. Woodard and the woman then dined at a nearby restaurant.
They could be their own reality show.” Mr. Nguyen: “NoDa, for North Davidson Street, is a trendy bohemian neighborhood now.
Another $4 million was deposited into an account jointly held by Ms. Bautista and the two real estate brokers, as their commission for the sale, according to the indictment.
Ms. Haley won in the end, thanks in part to powerful backers including the Tea Party, Sarah Palin and Mitt Romney, whom she went on to endorse for his presidential run.
We’re a nation bestowed by God.” From a campaign blooper, which the Democrats rectified during the convention by reinstating the phrase “God-given potential,” Mr. Romney leapt to fear-mongering.
Australian newspapers said he died of mesothelioma, which was attributed to childhood exposure to asbestos.
Oblivious to the frosty air, they warmed up with calisthenics, endless stomach crunches and joyful dance moves to recorded New Age music; above their heads, the walls were emblazoned with banners that read “Preserve artistic integrity, respect the audience.” The same day, in a spacious loft in an artists’ colony in the suburbs, Tao Ye and three female members of his TAO Dance Theater rehearsed to no music whatsoever, rolling across the floor, sticking out their left feet with each dancer rising to a knee as one.
Earlier this year, Kraft Foods cut itself in two, splitting faster-growing snacks like Oreos and Chips Ahoy from staples like its namesake cheese product and Maxwell House coffee.
In this case the target appears to have been the Afghan agents, Afghan and international officials said.
Line by line, their scythe-swinging dance builds, wave upon crisscrossing wave.
Mom always feels great after doing something rakish.
It can be as challenging as a Class IV rapid on the middle fork of the Salmon River, or as simple as a glass of wine in a welcoming bar where both the music and the lights are low.
“And I feel like the other big factor Murray has going for him is he still has that No.4 seeding, which is huge because that means he has to go through two of those guys.
••• Upon the president’s return from Hawaii, the Obama campaign this week unleashed a carefully scripted and deliberately aggressive strategy that showed a White House in combative re-election mode as the president and his advisers sought to ensure that the Republicans did not get all the political limelight.
I have “Cookies With Ken” every couple of weeks, and we bring in about a dozen employees from across the company and talk about what’s going on.
Few trends in wine have been as fascinating in the last five years as the renewal of interest in sherry, long derided as a fuddy-duddy beverage among young, fervent wine lovers.
They said it was more likely that the companies would agree to swap technology or to cooperate on powertrain and platform development, with little or no change in capital structure.
One was a kid having an affair with his grandmother, and the other was the idea of a horrible revenge having to do with pit bulls and babies.
My background is mostly in editorial.
“You just hope everybody is safe and that we’re not out of electricity for a long time.”
There are nine newcomers in the squad, and Robshaw has played only once for England — and that was two and a half years ago.
At a nearby high school on Thursday, the mayor of Sea Bright, Dina Long, addressed thousands of residents who had yet to get back into the community, now a disaster area of tossed cars and battered homes.
The work was commissioned by the Aix-en-Provence Festival, the Royal Opera House at Covent Garden in London, the Nederlandse Opera in Amsterdam, the Théâtre du Capitole in Toulouse and the Teatro del Maggio Musicale Fiorentino in Florence.
He is 40 now, attempting a comeback for the 2012 London Games, his most immediate opponent being the one in the mirror.
Frank Reno and gang member Charlie Anderson joined the two brothers in October.
Soon after arriving, we met Régine Missillier, a third-generation cheesemaker.
“In the present context, given this absurd video that has been aired, strong emotions have been awakened in many Muslim countries,” Laurent Fabius, the foreign minister, told France Info radio.
That revealed a “naivety” on their part, he said, because he was woefully underprepared.
This is the raw material for eyeglass lenses.
“I am very sad,” said Rebecca Otto, 61, a writer from Sonoma, Calif., who supports the law.
Militancy in the Arab world is a serious issue that needs to be addressed by both candidates.
As with Mr. Bush, Mr. Obama’s presidency has divided voters.
The ruling against the Defense of Marriage Act, the second by a federal appeals court, said laws treating same-sex couples differently deserve heightened judicial scrutiny, like other laws that single out minorities long subjected to discrimination.
With the party as well as President Obama ’s re-election campaign operating under the assumption that Mr. Romney remains the most likely Republican nominee, he has nonetheless lost states across several regions of the nation.
But, setting that aside, Mr. Romney’s federalist plan echoes an election year perennial, the idea (dating all the way back to the Sagebrush Rebellion a generation ago, and fostered by the oil and gas and timber interests) that all will be well if we allow the states to reclaim public land originally ceded as a condition of statehood, or acquired by act of Congress .
Such snapshots of the very distant past — tens of millions of years before the age of dinosaurs — are hard to come by.
In the United States, there have been efforts to proscribe the use of Sharia law in wills, marriages and other civil contracts, as well as the dozens of examples of mosques facing vandalism or public protest.
Both the Murle and the Lou Nuer prize cows and often lionize the young warriors who steal them.
It has been reviewing midnight rule making since 2010.
The Times’s film critic A. O. Scott notes that “some of the ambition of ‘Lincoln’ seems to be to answer the omissions and distortions of the cinematic past, represented by great films like D. W. Griffith’s ‘Birth of a Nation,’ which glorified the violent disenfranchisement of African-Americans as a heroic second founding, and ‘Gone With the Wind,’ with its romantic view of the old South.” In purely cinematic terms these two movies may be as compelling as “Lincoln.” We resist their force only if we have historical information that undermines their narratives.
Glenn Brown’s monumental canvas “The Tragic Conversion of Salvador Dalí (After John Martin)” ascended to £5.19 million, more than two-thirds above expectations.
Lawyers for the men portrayed the witnesses as untrustworthy criminals.
And the Apple service came up with an inaccurate street address for Mr. Fuller’s office.
It was like moving your foot and finding a gold coin.” She knocked on each door, inquiring about a duplex for rent.
“It is not our policy to share customer records,” it read in its entirety.
Once he can begin to leave opponents guessing, he will be well on his way to becoming a complete receiver.
They also removed the channel that carried Mr. Okasha’s show from the air.
Mr. Schumer, speaking to reporters, who were penned behind a police barricade, said that the country was “moving fast” on the issue of same-sex marriage, adding, “It’s not a question of if but when — everywhere.”
The night before, he had rolled off his mother while she slept and onto the floor; in the morning, she said, the medical staff had interrogated her as if she had dropped her baby.
“Not much Korean or Asian influence on the food here,” he said of Kickshaw, where the menu is vegan and vegetarian.
The commercial’s theme will be on making high-chair climbing an Olympic sport for babies.
The cold war is over.’ ” Suspecting that Congress would want to cut defense and intelligence spending, Mr. Stolz helped plan for the agency’s future.
Mr. Clementi committed suicide after learning of the webcam viewings.
Indeed, as part of their negotiating tactics with the Chinese government, State Department officials seemed to have used the argument that Mr. Chen’s departure would ease a major headache for Beijing both abroad and at home.
Do you see with a healthy running game that the Raiders with Palmer will make the playoffs next year?
At the start of the trip the watermelons are 99 percent water, but partly dry out though evaporation so that at the end of the trip they are 98 percent water.
Abdelkader Merah was once linked to a network that sent jihadist fighters to Iraq, the authorities say, but those activities never resulted in criminal charges being brought against him.
“I was nervous, too, but I didn’t say it to my wife.” Deep down, Mrs. Alexander knew this was one she was not going to win.
(And 23 million say they rarely eat meat.)
Norway has 71 prisoners per 100,000 inhabitants, with prisons that resemble “college dorm[s],” according to a Daily Beast article from last year .
The soil in the Lower Ninth is extraordinarily fertile, thanks to centuries of alluvial deposits from the Mississippi River , which forms the neighborhood’s southern boundary.
PEEKSKILL Flat Iron Gallery “Winged Odyssey II,” woodcuts and watercolors by Stephen Rengstorf.
Even at Can Formiga, which had earned a star in the Michelin Guide,12.5 euros has become too much to ask for a three-course luncheon.
The show is being produced by Here and the Hip-Hop Theater Festival, in association with Collective Consciousness Theater.
They envision a deal in Congress, probably after the Nov. 6 election, to reduce the tax increases and spending cuts.
But colorful evil is much more amenable to the writer.
The analysis also shows that Army casualties during the surge fell heaviest on two bases with frequently deployed units: Fort Campbell in Kentucky, home to the 101st Airborne Division, which recorded the most Army deaths in the surge, and Fort Drum in New York, home to the 10th Mountain Division.
In practice, saying that one would eliminate all tax expenditures is meaningless, nothing more than a gesture that avoids confrontation with the constituencies supporting tax expenditures.
Reach us via e-mail: diary@nytimes.com or telephone: (212) 556-1333.
The researchers concluded that the lack of muscular contractions in the animals’ legs had caused a chain of biological reactions that led to the alterations in enzyme production.
Right now “Suits,” on USA, is in midseason, and that network’s “White Collar” begins its fourth season Tuesday; TNT’s “Leverage,” the most elderly of these series, cranks up again next Sunday.
“The team commits to making it a shared responsibility,” says Ms. Perlow, author of “Sleeping With Your Smartphone: How to Break the 24/7 Habit and Change the Way You Work.” If there is an important event that you feel you must attend, like a wedding or a college graduation, map out how your responsibilities will be covered during that time and then propose that to your boss, Ms. Sladek says.
Those who wish to review services providers grade them from A to F in six categories, including “overall experience.” Unlike Yelp, which is strongest in restaurant listings, bars and the like, Angie’s List focuses on what it refers to as “high-cost-of-failure” services, things that could cost you plenty to redo or fix, or at least burn hours of your time if they go awry.
Colleges try to distribute limited funds fairly among all needy students.
But this year, the American Family Association, a conservative evangelical group, has called the project “a nationwide push to promote the homosexual lifestyle in public schools” and is urging parents to keep their children home from school on Oct. 30, the day most of the schools plan to participate this year.
That said, practicalities do sometimes get in the way.
Surely that must skew the average from their perspective closer to 90 than 10, and thus above 50.
Mr. Abdel Aziz, 55, was returning to Nouakchott after one of his habitual weekend excursions in the wilderness, Mr. Mahjoub said, when he came on a military checkpoint, which are scattered throughout the country, ostensibly to counter the threat from Al Qaeda.
The filter tool is in step with the company’s strategy, said Brian Chesky, co-founder and chief executive.
I can’t help but like Mr. Paul’s willingness to run every four years even though he doesn’t have a snowball’s chance of winning.
The Richard B. Fisher Center for the Performing Arts, Bard College.
Mr. Ren pushed his workers hard, particularly in research and development.
The sooty-looking black gunk has been here for as long as anyone can remember, creeping on the outside of homes, spreading over porch furniture, blanketing car roofs, mysterious and ever-present.
Viewed from a certain angle, these two approaches would seem to be at cross-purposes.
Mr. Netanyahu’s recent decision to bring the center Kadima Party into his coalition has given him space to act.
“It can be something that really moves our health care system in a good direction.” Democrats warn that under such a system fewer employers will choose to offer health insurance, and older and sicker workers will be thrown into the market for individual insurance that they cannot afford.
Roughly two hours after the phone call, the police cornered him in his apartment.
Her parents were first-generation migrants to Britain who returned to Chennai 20 years ago, in the hope of settling down.
takes over the world again.
And often, agencies face competing requests from groups that want affordable housing on empty lots.
“Our main intention is not to make politics but to urge people to open their hearts to the issue at hand.’’ This year, she said, with the opening in Turkish-Kurdish relations “in shambles, I would say, we went back to looking at questions about those people who cannot return, Kurdish refugees.
If you had given the flooring to Habitat for Humanity and that organization auctioned it at a fund-raiser instead of installing it in one of its buildings, would you feel like a dupe?
for Precision-Engineering Company | The firm plans to take MMI International public on the Singapore Exchange in a deal that could raise $400 million to $500 million, Dow Jones Newswires reports, citing three unidentified people familiar with the transaction.
The bank’s revenue increased as well, sidestepping a common sore spot that has plagued most all of the nation’s biggest banks.
Alabama is a non-union state, and labor costs are likely to be highly competitive in comparison with Hamburg or Toulouse, France.
The bureau says their numbers continue to grow at an unmanageable rate, despite years of removing wild horses from the range to enclosed pastures so that wildlife and livestock can share the land.
However, his bank is allowed to give money to Mr. Bollinger’s university.
I am a 10th class pass in Hindi; from 7th grade to 12th grade, I was in Delhi; before that, I was abroad.
AOL was advised by Evercore Partners , Goldman Sachs and the law firms Wachtell, Lipton, Rosen & Katz and Finnegan, Henderson, Farabow, Garrett & Dunner.
Q: Where should visitors to Glasgow go for traditional Scottish food?
It was an awful episode involving two of the most promising stars in pop, and it has continued to reverberate in the years since.
(Andy Webster) Film Series ‘The Devil, Probably’ (Friday through Thursday) A new print of Robert Bresson’s 1977 feature, a relentlessly grim portrait of a generation of university students so disgusted by the moral decay and physical pollution they see around themselves that suicide beckons as the only way out.
“People who make clothes understand what it’s like to be an artist.
Yet the Gabonese bonfire and the arrests and guilty pleas in Manhattan raise a depressing question: Can any animal prized by humans and living in the wild be protected from the economic suction of the human appetite?
And if that was inevitably inadequate, I hope it was supplemented by their mothers, who were all better off without me.” And that is a jarring shift, because he talks with pride and honesty about family and learning before tailing off into self-recrimination.
On Billboard’s Hot 100 singles chart, Gotye’s “Somebody That I Used to Know” is No.
The Greeks were also more comfortable than we with the personal weaknesses of their leaders.
The mayor, Rahm Emanuel, has already apologized to residents for any disruption.
In “The Age of Innocence,” its author had come to understand that the Victorian society she once condemned as mindlessly stifling was actually more vigilant in requiring discretion than morality, and more shocked by financial shenanigans than sexual ones.
The coach is bent on whipping the squad into shape, and they push themselves to please her, living on broth and Adderall.
Any sensible reading of the statute, the Constitution and legal precedents going back to the nation’s founding would say no.
Drew Greenblatt is another owner who worries that the lack of skilled job candidates is damaging his business.
We who live within get-the-shotgun distance of Grovers Mill, the spot in central New Jersey that Orson Welles chose for his panic-inducing “War of the Worlds” landing in 1938, are naturally reluctant to endorse the promulgation of fake alien arrivals via a broadcast medium.
Seen all the hearing aid ads in the paper?
You’ll see some answers in Tool Kit.)
“The intent behind all these changes is to remove complexity, make it easier to buy, easier to sell, easier to get things done,” Ms. Whitman, the company’s chief executive, said in an interview.
More spending on security improvements will certainly help, but there will still be threats and risks.
Maybe Tortorella will clean up his act Saturday when he gets to the Prudential Center, but don’t count on it.
But this was a single cluck.
“What kind of a fork was it?” he marveled.
(I’d wager it may not have been worth the management fees that investors pay.)
When did you get a sense that “Gangnam Style” would hit differently?
She graduated from the University of Wisconsin.
Most airlines are cutting domestic capacity this year.
But the opinion — written by William D. Alexander, associate chief counsel for the I.R.S.
An announcement from Peking tonight [Nov. 4] said Mr. Benbella has accepted an invitation from Premier Chou En-lai to visit China.
They write their findings in the form of researched essays to be shared in class.
A restaurant that seeks to maximize the real estate has to be a little accommodating about it at the same time.
RJ Palmer will operate as a stand-alone division of MDC; all of its senior managers and 70 employees are to continue with the agency.
Of course, it’s no surprise that other photographers in New York made scenes from the city — the old Pennsylvania Station ( Slide 1 ) or the Barclay-Vesey Building ( Slide 7 ) — their subjects.
There was about a sixfold increase in likelihood that one of the “abnormal outliers,” mice with cognitive or behavioral handicaps, “would come from an older father.” Conversely, the super-high-performing mice were about six times more likely to come from a younger father.
Ms. Wils said she noticed that a growing number of homeless people had been drawn to the park in the last year.
Almost from the moment it was elected to govern in 1994 after decades of fighting to end apartheid, the A.N.C.
It doesn’t matter because you’re emotionally at a level that is above that.
When he’s running in Massachusetts, he’s pro-abortion.
At 4 a.m. Mr. Systrom wrote on his Twitter feed, “Well there goes that night of sleep.” Rob Abbott, one of the advisers at Dogpatch Labs, who was keeping them company that night, said, “I remember them just sitting side by side, phones all over the desk, and cans of Red Bull.” Instagram took off like a rocket, in part because Mr. Systrom had whipped up demand.
Deutsche Bank has built up the size of its capital reserves, but still has a thinner cushion than other large banks, analysts said.
Most would prefer more prosperity for the city and for themselves.
At one point, five consecutive Michigan passes landed in Irish arms.
Built on a massive outcropping of rock, the easily defended Citadel has been an important strategic military point for millenniums and is once again serving that function.
In the second half, they and their setting are transfigured: Though the men simply remove their gloves, the women are now in calf-length tulle and in point shoes, while the room has become translucent; they have become their own souls.
AMERICAN SNIPER, by Chris Kyle with Scott McEwen and Jim DeFelice.
Her message contrasted with a presentation by U Than Htay, Myanmar’s minister of energy, that received much less prominent billing.
“Do I expect to see a return to a return on equity in the mid-20s like the old days?
Q. What’s this year been like?
We were heavily in debt; my father’s repeated attempts to own a newspaper ended in failure and bankruptcy.
“It puts this new spin on ‘Go world,’ ” said Patrick O’Neill, executive creative director at TBWA/Chiat/Day Los Angeles, the Visa creative agency.
Mr. Saleh, whose son and nephew command the powerful Republican Guard and Central Security forces, stepped down in February after more than a year of protests.
“Maybe they saw something special here for the future,” Mr. Lunsford said.
The fund’s managers assess the political, economic and regulatory environments around the world, and then make bets using commodities, currencies and other assets.
You can’t make people do this.
In the blog, he wrote that Mr. Zuckerberg seemed thrilled by the idea and commented to Mr. Garcia, “It would be epic if you pulled that off.” So a small group of engineers did just that.
The historian Kenneth T. Jackson has called Central Park “the most important public space in the United States.” The park’s biographer Sara Cedar Miller called it “one of America’s most important and enduring works of art.” And Christo, who used the park for his dazzling 2005 work of art, “The Gates,” described it as “the most unusual and surrealistic place in New York City.” In a sprightly new collection, “Central Park: An Anthology,” edited by Andrew Blauner, the park is celebrated by a bevy of talented writers.
In the hands of a less capable poet, their fates would feel almost too grim to bear, but McGriff chronicles their dissolution — and the dissolution of the landscape they come from — with language that manages to be simultaneously spare, cinematic and tactile.
The most surprising thing about Mr. Hong’s very funny, quite touching movies is how they continue to uncover fresh variations on a theme.
A separate sentiment indicator covering services sector firms fell to 92 from 93 in April.
By then, the company had already shut the Irving warehouse.
In the last decade Ms. Rivera also recorded mariachi and pop — bringing in string sections or pedal steel guitar — but as “La Misma Gran Señora” makes clear, she never left banda behind.
Pound Ridge Public Library, 271 Westchester Avenue.
One image shows a sign reading “Justice for Zimmerman,” which was displayed at a rally last month led by Terry Jones, the anti-Islam Florida pastor famous for burning copies of the Koran .
This season, fans in Chicago are supporting their captain, Jonathan Toews; in Colorado, the buzz is about Ryan O’Reilly; in Boston, they are talking up Patrice Bergeron.
We installed a pegboard for my tools and bought a cheap storage cabinet, which I put together myself, to keep all sorts of other things out of sight.
The world is more and more global, plans are global and we are drawn by the universality of what we create.
The attacks struck civilian, government and security targets.
Aides said he was behind where Mr. Bush and Mr. Clinton were at this point in campaigning, but they are ramping up his schedule.
As you read this, I’m going to be in a plane heading on my next adventure — my win-a-trip journey to southern Africa — but comments are always appreciated, along with suggestions for other places to go or useful lines of reporting.
A new awareness of racial sensitivity in police and prosecutorial procedures, and of the alienation that Britain’s ethnic minorities feel in regard to the police, both have their roots at least in part in the anguish of the Lawrence case, British commentators say.
A “trough of disillusionment” follows, and then, finally, a “slope of enlightenment,” meaning that the technology finally catches up to its initial hype.
Designers and policy makers need to see the single-family house as a design dilemma whose elements — architecture, finance and residents’ desires — are inextricably linked.
Miles left Baltimore to start college in Atlanta.
“Playing a team back-to-back is always hard — win, lose, whatever happens.
“The economic theory is very clear,” he said.
It is unclear why it took until now for it to be released, but supporters of the salmon say they believe it is because the Obama administration was afraid of an unfavorable consumer reaction before the election in November.
In anticipation of the handover, the Stillmans announced Thursday that Wade Boggs, a Hall of Fame third baseman, had made “a very significant investment and time commitment” in the project.
“The core of our philosophy is that we want to do good by doing good business.
Tell us what makes your business different — why it is one to watch?
The art form — which has had, they observe, “unusual longevity for a musical genre” — will linger but is effectively dead, despite the zombielike proliferation of opera houses and performances.
Mr. Sadler said that if the organizers of government conferences go through a proper procurement process, there are no cancellation fees.
Now, we are seeing families going backwards, but that may be a good thing.
But others noted that this approach seemed to be fairly standard practice for social apps; at least one, Hipster, was found to be doing the same thing .
“I have no confidence that Congress will turn around and adequately fund the public health system,” said Dr. Georges C. Benjamin, the executive director of the American Public Health Association, which represents people working in public health.
Popular history clams that many of the Native Guards were wealthy slave owners who were members of New Orleans’ upper class, but that is not true.
For some, Champions Tour success is not going to lift their stock.
The yen slipped to a one-month low of 79.20 to the dollar , offering relief to Japanese exporters, who benefit from a weaker home currency.
EXPANDING the footprint of their houses and apartments is a luxury few New Yorkers have.
The recent assault by the party’s spokesman on two female leftist candidates during a live TV debate could erode its support even further.
Ms. Rosenblit’s “In Mouth,” a new duet for herself and her longtime collaborator, Addys Gonzales, shares a program with “Armed Guard Garden” by Vanessa Anspaugh, who is just as good at stirring up unsettling states of being and ineffable frames of mind.
''Certainly I want San Francisco to be the first.''
You can set up a free account to keep track of your learning, and this will let you try the full fee-carrying online program.
With the benefit of hindsight provided by an 8-8 season, and a tranquil training camp so far this year, it is apparent that the lockout-crunched 2011 free-agency scramble gave the Eagles an extraordinary opportunity to control the player market but also obliterated their assimilation period.
Ms. Walker said she has also been talking to station supporters about picking up some costs; the station has not yet decided whether to solicit listener donations.
Treasury Secretary Timothy F. Geithner , in a letter last month to the chairman of the Senate Armed Services Committee, Carl Levin , Democrat of Michigan , said a total crackdown on the central bank could undermine the administration’s “carefully phased” approach and “yield a net economic benefit to the Iranian regime.” But the administration found itself dealing with a rare bipartisan show of resolve.
“Sock puppeteers have First Amendment rights.” In Albany, after Mr. Eggler was exposed by The New York Post, Mr. Silver’s office reprimanded him.
He is rarely seen and has said virtually nothing about the team for several years.
Still more carry it to rallies as a call for economic justice at a time when the government is doing nothing about the widening gap between the rich and the poor — a chief issue also during the early years of the Republic.
“Believe me, for the past couple of weeks, it was the primary thing going on in my world.” In a statement, Mr. Frank said that JPMorgan “has lost, in this one set of transactions, five times the amount they claim financial regulation is costing them.”And that reality may cost Mr. Dimon in Washington.
Mr. Romney is trying to retain the base of his party that supports cracking down on illegal immigrants while appealing to Hispanics in swing states like Colorado, Florida and Virginia.
After days of complaints from music fans, the producers behind the 12-12-12 benefit concert for Hurricane Sandy victims denounced scalpers on Friday for reselling tickets to the event on StubHub and other Web sites for many times their face value.
in 2011 were lower than those of the previous season.
Like the shop, it will specialize in small producers and offbeat selections from places like Tunisia and Uruguay.
Mr. Fass, whose sonorous baritone still can be heard on the station, offering provocation and comfort to insomniacs and late-shift workers, is the subject of “Radio Unnameable,” a new documentary by Paul Lovelace and Jessica Wolfson.
In her later years, her oeuvre – more than 100,000 images – sat unseen in storage, along with much of her earthly possessions.
The skies over Kuala Lumpur were clearer on Friday, and pollution levels in the capital had dropped to mostly moderate levels.
“Every single number indicates there is simply no such thing as a Jewish problem for the president,” Mr. Ben-Ami said.
“It’s very sad for a candidate to resort to that kind of epithet,” Mr. Romney said at a candidate forum sponsored by Univision.
Appearing on a “60 Minutes” segment taped in China in 2000, he recited part of the Gettysburg Address in English.
A swift break the length of the field ended with United’s goalie David De Gea making two sprawling stops, on shots from Tévez and Silva.
Now it appears that microfinance institutions may have had an alternative all along.
Mr. Brigati had to strain at times, but even then, the songs carried him toward standing ovations.
You can reach him via his website: www.mungee.org , or on Twitter: @sumedhmungee
Their loss is something we mourn.
“Get your apps ready for China,” Mr. Federighi says.
That’s how much I love it.
He declined to comment directly on the changes, but he did say that “the market environment always plays a factor in all our decisions.” Douglas Cifu is the president of Virtu Financial, a big player in the industry.
“You can always tell by the way they move, that sense of purpose,” said Jeff Smith, a former Missouri state senator who ran afoul of campaign finance laws and wound up in jail for a year.
He’s Che Guevara handsome, an artist with street style, a groovy pothead and an intellectual who reads aloud from tomes about post-colonialism.
Like most stadiums of that era, it was integrated into the neighborhood.
Jan. 15 at 7:30 p.m. $22 and $32.
Last week, the House of Representatives, with the support of every Republican and most Democrats — as well as a White House endorsement — passed something it called the “Jump-start Our Business Start-ups Act,” or JOBS for short.
“We want to prevent that bitter kind of European austerity mode which is what we will have if we have a debt crisis: austerity round after austerity round after austerity round, cutting benefits to current seniors, cutting people in the safety net, raising taxes, slowing down your economy, making it harder for youth to get employed and get careers.
Last year, IEEE Spectrum, a technology publication, rated Yahoo’s patents as the most valuable among those for communications and Internet services.
Other Britons who failed to avoid extradition include Christopher Tappin , a 65-year-old businessman accused of selling missile-related items to Iran.
Yet the homeowner remains saddled with a mortgage that is unrealistically high.
Or maybe Claudia thought that I would fall so madly in love with this mansion that I would be forced to admit that I actually did have $6,264,500 (what Google tells me is the equivalent of 5 million euros) in my checking account.
“Despite our recent losses in the C.I.O., Ina’s vast contributions to our company should not be overshadowed by these events.” Ms. Drew, who earned about $14 million last year, was among the most powerful executives at the firm, overseeing the massive chief investment office that invested the firm’s own money.
One example of the latter is the Gallup poll mentioned in my article.
Edward's doctor asks: Wouldn't Will prefer to believe that on the day of his birth his father was subduing a legendary catfish rather than selling household gadgets in Wichita?
City lawmakers could vote on a proposed deal as soon as Tuesday.
Washington AS the holiday season approaches, the major airlines are signaling to some passengers to take a hike.
Westbrook’s Olympic potential may remain wholly untapped, yet it is his diminished impact that is all the more glaring.
Now, I’m all for including the banking sector in stories where it’s relevant; but why is it so crucial to a story about debt and leverage?
“It’s a sea change,” Michael Taylor, deputy commissioner for foods at the F.D.A., said in a telephone interview.
Having worked before at the intersection of Hollywood and history, helping a tiny bit with a respectable movie about the Cuban missile crisis called “Thirteen Days,” I approached the new movie “Lincoln” with measured expectations.
And they are a departure for Mr. Betten, whose brand produces leather couture worn on stage by the likes of Sheryl Crow, Lenny Kravitz and Steven Tyler.
In theory, these standards, put in place a century ago at the urging of legal educators, ensure a certain level of quality by requiring every law school to be run like an expensive research university — limiting, for instance, the use of adjuncts and teachers on contract.
When he taps his unstylish alarm clock, it suddenly turns into a better one.
“ Game Change ,” an HBO series about the 2008 campaign, was told from the view of the candidates’ aides.
WALL STREET JOURNAL Chinese Banks Said to Resist Lowering Borrowing Rates | BLOOMBERG NEWS Bain Capital to Buy Call Center Business for $1.3 Billion | The private equity firm co-founded by the United States presidential candidate Mitt Romney has agreed to buy the call center unit of the European telecoms giant Telefónica for $1.3 billion.
Wednesdays through Sundays, noon to 5 p.m. Montclair Art Museum, 3 South Mountain Avenue.
In 10 months, 4,781 people were arrested, including business executives, police officers, judges, legislators and others accused of running or protecting criminal syndicates.
(Her new book is “American Grown: The Story of the White House Kitchen Garden and Gardens Across America.”) Coolest touch: a kid-powered watering system for that garden using a rain barrel and a stationary bicycle.
But sure enough, not only has one emerged, but Kellogg is paying $350 million more than Diamond would.
Ford’s notorious and ill-conceived MyFord Touch system continues as the bad boy of ergonomics despite the automaker’s attempts at rehabilitation.
Among I.P.G.’s 500 clients are the American Cancer Society, Aptly Spoken Press, Bees Knees Books and Change the Universe Press.
Admission is $15, $12 for teachers, $10 for students, $5 for those 7 to 13, and free for children under 7; through March 31, visitors showing a MetroCard will receive two-for-one adult admissions.
“Right now most New Yorkers think, ‘Should I take the subway?
Although she was wearing a high-waisted, loose-fit, traditional “hanbok” dress, and there was no official mention of pregnancy, South Korean media detected what they considered a visibly swollen belly.
“It’s like being next to speakers at a concert.” The Giants had 11 false-start penalties in one infamously uncoordinated afternoon in 2005.
Jeff Lapin, president at Farm Progress, is to leave the company at the end of the year.
“And my mother over there, her son has won the Tour de France.
I can think of several roads to travel here: One is to confront A. and remind her of her pain and incomprehension.
The members of the tiny kibbutz here on Israel’s troubled border with Egypt and the Gaza Strip were just finishing a light supper in their dining hall on Sunday evening when text messages warned them to take cover.
Pettine did include his name among the defensive linemen who will be counted upon if Sione Pouha, the gargantuan nose tackle, is sidelined or limited Sunday with a sore lower back.
What major muscle groups are found in the legs?
It was invented in the 1860s in Paris when a maid in the employ of a dye-works owner named Jean-Baptiste Joly spilled kerosene on a grease-spattered tablecloth; Joly noticed the cloth looked cleaner after the accident and turned his observation into what he called “nettoyage à sec” or dry cleaning.
NHL Commissioner Gary Bettman said he believes there is "ample time to make a deal" now that all league proposal are on the table.
It’s too early to say.
The Bulldogs (10-1) have dominated their rivals this century, but if Georgia Tech can engineer an upset in Athens, it would erase a lot of bad memories and cause Georgia fans to wonder anew about Coach Mark Richt’s ability in big games.
A few hours later, on my way to dinner at the house of the writer Suad Amiry, where we were going to watch the U.N. vote live on television, I stopped to pick up some flowers.
What little difference a week makes.
Or there’s Perfect Picnic, which will deliver and set up a meal in the park of your choice in Manhattan.
Although many details would need to be worked out, the idea is to have the euro zone countries collectively issue bonds that would be guaranteed by all 17 members.
He took a few measurements, enjoyed the view, planted a flag and turned around.
Chris Christie, the governor of New Jersey, has been mentioned as a possible candidate.
People often ask me if they really need to lift weights.
How many slices of prosciutto can be used as appetizers?
(Grode) ★ ‘Cockfight Play’ Though that’s not the real (unprintable) title of Mike Bartlett’s tense, terrific new comedy, it captures the spirit of this feisty, hypnotic and oddly energizing exercise in emotional carnage, directed by James Macdonald.
Personal savings, insurance, a generous relative or an emergency grant is often all that stands between them and financial ruin.
Yet Mitt Romney, for whom Mr. Bolton works as an adviser, also supports a withdrawal from Afghanistan.
Dewey was not inclined to share toll revenue with New Jersey and wanted all the tolls from a new bridge reserved to help finance the Thruway.
But what if we adopted the Buffett Rule , under which top earners’ tax rates would be no lower than those paid by middle-income families?
“Some who were on the ledge are now trying to get back off the ledge and saying maybe it’s not that bad,” Brown said.
A Tale of Dueling Hashtags Billboard.biz | Justin Bieber’s choice for a hashtag throws a wrench into the social-media plans for a Billboard event.
Eight percent of the likely Republican voters in the poll said they were undecided, while 39 percent of those who named a candidate said they could change their mind before they ultimately cast their ballots.
Explorers like James Cook were ardent collectors, as were many American colonialists.
He has since had top-10 showings in several individual categories, and last year won 10th overall.
The White House has promoted the bill’s renewal as an important tool in protecting women.
He is going to fall further and further behind.
During the campaign, Bragg ordered Polk to attack the enemy’s flank as it approached Frankfort.
As a teenager, Erica dated a record producer and through him met Mr. Simmons, who gave her entree into hip-hop circles.
“You’re not wearing any makeup,” she scolded a guest.
Barack Obama, four years ago, running for president, said if you don’t have any fresh ideas, use stale tactics to scare voters.
On Monday it added another Fox-esque talk show, “Wilkow!” hosted by the radio host Andrew Wilkow.
Tickets: (973) 624-3713; njsymphony.org .
As the Devils celebrated, the Madison Square Garden crowd went so quiet that the cheers from the Devils players could be heard in the upper decks.
They’re vivid, heart-wrenching and haunting — messages in a bottle tossed from the deck of a sinking ship as its captain, reeling in agony and fighting through the fog of morphine, struggles to keep his engines going: “My two assets my pen and my voice — and it had to be the esophagus.
From their article : At the other end of the scale, no Irish players at all play their club football in Ireland.
There are several more puzzles in the pipeline, and I hope you enjoy them.
I see adults delivering papers, I see foreign workers doing yard work.
“I’ve met him, but we’re not friends,” Mr. Obama said.
Folk audiences, however, saw Mr. Watson as a direct conduit to the roots music of Appalachia, which he played with conviction.
“It seems to pose a real potential for violating our members’ privacy rights,” the spokeswoman, Sherry Halbrook, said.
Both countries are convinced that they will obtain unequivocal intelligence when the order to start is given.
Mr. Arcuri said Mr. Garg had flown to London for a scientific or medical conference.
In retrospect, the political landscape following the 2011 uprising made these results inevitable.
During a 1989 special legislative session — there is no contributions blackout during a special session — the East Texas poultry tycoon Bo Pilgrim offered checks to nine senators on the Senate floor during a break in the proceedings.
It projects a zany happiness that nothing else in the show would lead you to expect.
The federal government sued him in 1997, but over the next 15 years he made only five payments.
MEDICARE Both candidates agree that the health care program for older Americans, the single-biggest contributor to projected deficits, cannot continue growing at current rates.
March 15 through April 1.
As recently as the 1990s — and consistently before that — winning governors’ races typically meant winning 20 to 30 counties, though Mike Lowry, a Democrat, won in 1992 with only nine.
“Well played, #amtrak ,” he continued, “but you missed my phone.” In late October Amtrak extended wireless service to non-Acela trains as well, promising the perk of long hours of productivity to non-Acela riders along the Northeast Corridor.
Yes, she said, she did informally lobby the government about News Corporation’s bid to take over the 61 percent of British Sky Broadcasting , or BSkyB, the British satellite television broadcaster, that it did not already own.
And here, there are grounds for optimism.
The slyly appropriational abstract paintings look liveliest.
I’m also a fan of the Federal Communications Commission these days, which often seems to be the only thing standing between greedy cellphone companies and world domination.
I am a nonsmoker and am offended by the smell, and I don’t want that smell to be the first impression people get when they visit my home.
Proudly wearing Ole Miss garb, recounting their children’s accomplishments, many of these professionals are avid supporters of the university.
“To be or not to be” may be the weariest of clichés, but no one will give it the rest it has earned.
To complete the refinancing, the second lender needs to agree to remain second in line should the new loan default.
1:24 p.m. | Updated COUNCIL BLUFFS, Iowa — President Obama came out swinging at Mitt Romney ’s running mate on Monday, accusing Representative Paul D. Ryan of standing in the way of aid to farmers and ranchers who have been hurt by the severe drought.
He is 77, 78 next month, and his eyesight has been diminished by retinitis pigmentosa.
“Because there is no regularity in the recruitment of teachers, a selection that in other countries takes place in the normal order of things in Italy assumes a ritual character,” said Ms. Ribolzi, who is vice president of the National Agency for the Evaluation of Universities and Research Institutes.
The question for him will be what he does on the defensive end of the floor.” Zach Spiker ARMY COACH AND FORMER CORNELL ASSISTANT COACH “To me, it was very clear this guy was driven.
That, anyway, is on the evidence of Michael Grandage’s unsmiling revival of Andrew Lloyd Webber and Tim Rice’s 1978 bio-musical, which feels about as warm-blooded as a gilded mummy.
So the characters in his songs are average guys with entitled feelings.
Mornings in general are a great time for tackling personal priorities that life tends to crowd out.
Begin, a stickler for the law, uttered those words in the late 1970s in a very different context, after Israel’s Supreme Court accepted the state’s position allowing the expropriation of land for a Jewish settlement in the West Bank .
“You’d make a ‘vig,’ as my father would say, on the Bernie investment.” The lawyer deposing Katz, according to a transcript of the proceeding, briefly appeared confused by the term.
No one will ever know.
“Everyone’s schedule is packed with nonstop to-do’s.
“For him, it’s got to be at least a slap in the face because he is losing some of his control,” said Philip H. Weiss, an analyst with Argus Research, who questioned why the compensation arrangement wasn’t ending sooner.
Within the half-built, partially falling apart building are supermarkets, hair salons, churches, playgrounds and parking lots.
But he will need some of the resilience he showed in avoiding a ruinous finish in the third round.
Mr. McGregor came from way outside the Royal stable; his background was modern dance.
But no moment during the night was more telling than the midshow rendition of Freddie King’s “Going Down” with John Mayer and Gary Clark Jr., each of whom had performed with the band earlier on this tour, but never together.
So it is in “The Gospel of Anarchy,” a 2011 novel by Justin Taylor.
The living room had been left exactly as it was when the Eameses lived there.
In its latest stress test documents, the Fed supplies a baseline case, an adverse situation and a severely adverse one.
Kenneth Lieberthal , the director of the John L. Thornton Center for China Studies at Brookings, and a former member of the National Security Council under President Bill Clinton , wrote the appraisal of Washington’s attitude toward China.
So if the police state that extremists are supporting this movement, I respectfully agree with them.
The fighter is the star.” But he took pride in his craft.
He and Mr. Crone told a parliamentary committee last summer that in 2008, they told Mr. Murdoch’s son James of allegations that phone hacking might be widespread at The News of the World.
A way of funding this cash payment over a much longer period would clearly help reduce this risk.” Nicholas Kulish contributed reporting from Berlin, Raphael Minder from Madrid and Bettina Wassener from Hong Kong.
“And she loved me a lot.” His rise to the Senate represents another turn in the turbulent political history of South Carolina.
Taming the militias has been the threshold test of Libya’s attempt to build a democracy after four decades of dictatorship under Col. Muammar el-Qaddafi.
In the past, Congressional oversight hearings might have produced some evidence that challenged the military’s self-satisfied conclusions.
The plot is sprung when Carrie White, the timid daughter of a fanatically religious single mother, gets her period in high school gym class and doesn’t know what’s happened to her.
Her poems were clear in topic and language, but her playfulness and tendency to invent words made her work hard to translate.
What Ghonim’s book makes clear, however, is that revolution begins with the self: with what one is willing to stand for online and offline, and what one citizen is willing to risk in the service of his country.
Each stone carries a name.
“Having Erving Walker and those guys come up and pressure you for 94 feet is little bit different that some of the players we played,” Norfolk State Coach Anthony Evans said.
With about 3,300 troops in Afghanistan, France has the fifth-largest troop contingent.
“In 2014, the rules will be entirely different and there will be much, much lower noses so that problem will disappear in 2014, I imagine.” He added that he would bring up the question with the team technical directors when they next meet to discuss changes to the rules for 2013.
“Sooner or later, man, we’ll figure it out, and we’ll string together some great offensive games,” Joe Johnson said with a smile.
Yet the world’s shift to computing on mobile devices is taking a toll, including disappointing earnings reports last week from Google , Microsoft and Intel , in large measure related to revenue from mobile devices.
Will he still be able to create chaos?
“We understand the concerns related to gas explorations from shale formations in Romania,” said Mr. Holst, of Chevron.
The interest rate would have been lower, and the power of compound interest would not have caused the total payments to rise into the stratosphere.
Before the snap, the Redskins didn’t show blitz and lined up in a Cover 2 shell with both safeties deep.
McCarty’s low, right-footed shot from 30 yards was parried wide by Jimmy Nielsen, right to Kenny Cooper.
Corot’s late paintings often strike viewers as being artificial, composites of different sites.
Travels to the Museum of Contemporary Art, Chicago (Feb. 16 through June 2).
Mr. Christie said there were several other distribution deals “that will come in for a landing shortly.”
Hezbollah fighters from Lebanon have been killed in Syria and sent home for burial.
They disrupted Philadelphia's continuity by increasing their pressure between the blue lines.
Then Mookie Wilson hit a grounder that went between the legs of Red Sox first baseman Bill Buckner, bringing Ray Knight home with the winning run.
Nova surrendered two homers in the first inning and gave up five earned runs in four innings, ballooning his spring earned run average to 7.82.
Cerberus is one of several private equity firms that have holdings in gun manufacturers.
That “cut” is a hoped-for reduction in the future growth of the program.
It also is attracting younger members, Mr. Jones said.
The pace of play for the last group improved more than an hour in the first two rounds in threesomes and an average of 45 minutes in the last two rounds played in pairs.
It spared them from becoming the fourth upset victim in the opening round.
Mark sometimes lived outside of convention, yet he was always centered on family and friends, reliable, generous and fun.
“If you throw a deep ball, it falls differently.” To his credit, Tebow has never blamed that for his inordinately low completion percentage as a professional.
“This gets tricky,” he said while trying to fix a faulty fold, adding that the truck would make a great toy, as do his paper ninja stars.
Set in what the program identifies as “a medium-size town in the Midwest,” this production brings to mind both William Inge ’s 1950s dramas of lonely American misfits and movies like “American Graffiti” and “Diner,” portraits of friendships under siege with the onset of adulthood.
The Obama administration announced on Friday a small regulatory change that will make it easier for illegal immigrants related to American citizens to get green cards , in many cases preventing lengthy separations of family members.
The Americans plan to provide roughly two-thirds of that.
Indiana Finance Authority, $173 million of state revolving fund program refinancing bonds.
“It’s an ongoing investigation,” Mr. Almunia said, referring to Android.
NEWARK The Newark Museum “Generation Fit: Steps to a Healthier Lifestyle,” interactive family exhibition on nutrition and exercise.
“That was my intention.”) “I’d like to think I’ve overcome,” Ms. Colvin said.
During the standard 60-day comment period on the proposed settlement, the Justice Department received 868 comments, it said on Monday.
''They were adamant that hedges like these are there to make the bank safer,'' Senator Bob Corker of Tennessee told my colleague, Ben Protess.
For me, the contrast to Silber was Dan Allen.
“I feel like the pitches are where they should be.
Spreading the floor well and cashing in on some sweet passes from his teammates, Miller sank seven 3-point field goals on his way to 23 points in just 23 minutes.
We plan to publish responses and Mr. Corwin’s rejoinder in the Sunday Review.
OS OS stands for operating system, the underlying software that runs the phone.
“I suspect it is the most exciting time to be drinking beer in London since the early ’70s,” said Des de Moor, author of “The CAMRA Guide to London’s Best Beer, Pubs & Bars,” when I met him over a quiet pint the next day.
In one sign of a new spirit, some Californians are again promoting the idea of their state’s setting the cultural and policy pace for the rest of the country, a meme that, if ever true, appeared at least questionable as California endured cuts that diminished its once-great higher education system.
An American defense official said for the first time on Thursday that a military dog had either helped restrain the burning man after he emerged from the truck, or “may have assisted in pulling the driver from the vehicle.” The official said that the dog had sustained “slight burn wounds” from the episode and was recuperating.
“I figured the company would step up and refund me and other service members,” he said, “because there really is no question they owe us this money.” A spokesman for Nissan declined to comment, citing the continuing litigation.
He rescued the Hussein family’s pet lions and tigers.
The Romney campaign has a new offer out : Donate 3 bucks for a chance to dine with “the Donald” (and Mitt Romney, who gets second billing).
Mobile ticketing, one of Fandango’s strong points compared with MovieTickets, now makes up 27 percent of sales, Mr. Butler said.
But the festival did feed into the desire, driven by social media, to ______ digital culture and create community offline.
Sikorsky is priming the pump by issuing five technological challenges to the public that, on the surface, are aviation related.
In some ways, that race bears some resemblance to the Republican contest this year.
'” In a statement, Mr. Emanuel said, “Steve Koch is a natural choice to take over for Mark Angelson and continue the progress this administration is making to make sure Chicago’s economy is diverse, expanding, fostering innovation and creating jobs throughout the city.” The move will require a bit of a change in responsibility.
PAGE A4 MYANMAR'S LEADERS AT ODDS A trip to Thailand by Myanmar's opposition leader, Daw Aung San Suu Kyi, appears to have strained her relationship with President U Thein Sein.
A “Gold Package” of five applications for graduate programs, for example, costs $4,000.
“I am looking forward to getting back to the ice, because that’s what I do, and that’s what I love,” he said.
A Web site called LastSleighDays.com has organized last-minute shipping and deals information, including promotional codes, for quick reference.
But what Groat and the university never mentioned in the report, news releases or other output related to the gas-drillling analysis was a suite of potential conflicts of interest deriving from Groat’s gas-industry affiliations, income and investments.
Cresencio Davila, a former student regent for the Texas A&M University system and former student body president at A&M-San Antonio, who was pursuing a master’s degree, was particularly vocal.
Speaker, can’t you see how that would be, at a minimum, insulting?
Not hot cocoa, which is for amateurs, but hot chocolate of the kind served in France , luxurious in heavy cream and cocoa butter.
When a standard airplane seat is so small and uncomfortable that anyone a little taller or heavier than average has to pay for a seat with more legroom just to get through the flight, that fee seems unfair.
“ Tamara Drewe ” (2010), adapted from Posy Simmonds’s graphic novel inspired by “Madding Crowd,” could have done for Hardy what “Clueless” did for Jane Austen, but Stephen Frears’s contemporary treatment didn’t enjoy similar commercial success.
While Mr. Shater has the backing of the Brotherhood’s formidable political machine, Mr. Rashwan said, Mr. Abu Ismail is more charismatic.
It would feel better if everyone were working.
Industrialization of West Bengal has been a difficult challenge for successive governments.
And some analysts think ad revenue will grow quite a bit more slowly this year than last.
This observational fact belies the expectations from climate simulations and, in truth, our science lacks a good explanation for this discrepancy.
Pivots are not unique to the tech industry, though they may happen at a higher rate there than in other fields, Professor Hosanagar said.
And even in the Lehman case, people close to the agency disputed the notion that the case is petering out.
We built a fire and sat around a hand-cranked radio, but I was diverted over and over by the little campfire of Twitter posts on my smartphone.
Similarly themed titles have made their way from personal collections to the rooftop library, a building spokesman said.
On Tuesday, Tarun Gogoi, Assam’s chief minister, responded that the opposition party did not act to stop the illegal immigration when it was in power and that illegal immigrants were not responsible for the riots.
J.B.: I am obsessed with La Roche-Posay Autohelios Moisturizing Self-Tanner .
GAYLORDSVILLE Peter Lawrence Gallery “Handmade/Local Holiday Gift Show.” Through Jan. 6.
Where’s the voice over?’ ’’ she recalled them asking her.
Let’s just say that the tinkling chimes of an ice-cream truck are heard during the story’s denouement.
Obama’s key mistake, Scheiber concludes, was to “undershoot.” The president sought too modest an initial stimulus package and didn’t fight hard enough for financial regulation that would rein in imperious banks.
For instance, the report described a cafe employee stepping out of his workplace on Sept. 24 and using a camera to document arrests near Union Square before being confronted by a senior officer.
“We’ll take reservations, though we will hold back some tables for walk-ins because this has to be a neighborhood place.” Mr. Carter would not say how much the renovation cost.
He is a staunch opponent of abortion rights and just last year signed on as a co-sponsor of a federal bill “to provide that human life shall be deemed to begin with fertilization.” Leaders of the groups EMILY’s List and NARAL Pro-Choice America immediately spoke out against Ryan’s selection, while the Concerned Women for America, a conservative group, spoke up in favor of it.
Unpublished questions cannot be answered individually.
But something feels different about this year, and it may just be that such movies feel less anomalous, less like out-riders in a male-dominated entertainment universe.
Writing on The Post’s blog, David Beard, the sitewide engagement editor, said that the newspaper would be joined by The Guardian, NPR and other media organizations in trying to pull this off, and would employ the hashtag #altwiki : “Ask a question on Twitter with the hashtag #altwiki, and we’ll ask our readers to help provide an answer.
Just last month, Mr. Anderson was awarded a prestigious fellowship to the Nieman Foundation for Journalism, based on his work at The Times-Picayune, where he has worked since 2000.
In the light of her sudden death less than three weeks after its premiere, it seems all the more moving for that.
Some say it’s much healthier than beef.
Feb. 4 at 2 p.m. Free.
“That’s a hard note,” Mr. Kulakow said with chagrin.
WIZ KHALIFA “Taylor Allderdice” ( taylorallderdicemixtape.com ) Apologies are not ordinarily in order for rappers who have navigated the path from reliable mixtape purveyor to steady pop presence, but last month apologize Wiz Khalifa did, in an open letter to fans.
You probably know about the famous 1960 presidential debate between an unshaven and tired Richard Nixon and a tanned and rested John F. Kennedy: those who watched on television generally thought Kennedy won the debate, while those who listened over the radio overwhelmingly favored Nixon.
Domestic warfare of a different order was being waged that evening on the other side of the Thames, at the Young Vic .
Be prepared for some surprises.
And despite early concerns about the company’s new maps software, which replaces Google’s maps with its own, a large majority of iPhone 5 owners and iOS 6 users polled by the company did not seem to be bothered by its shortcomings.
“When we talk about choice today, it’s the choice to choose schools within a district, potentially across district lines.
“They had the perfect storm going early on, making big plays, using play action,” Dungy said.
Tasty, tasty infographic from @NYTimes Magazine'@Lindagdesign, posted on Twitter
After years of steady decline, only 25 polio cases were reported in the country in 2010, prompting one international health care official to declare that “the Afghans are heroes.” Then last year, the number tripled to 76, the Afghan Ministry of Public Health said.
“I will continue to spread my message and denounce the massive corruption in our country,” he told Reuters at the time.
Fox had genuinely good news in the season finale of “New Girl,” which bounced up from a startlingly low number last week.
“We as a community would not be able to find consensus on the question,” he said on his talk page on Wikipedia, “nor should we even try.” Of course, the Internet industry is already involved in more old-fashioned lobbying, and spending by Silicon Valley companies has ballooned in recent years.
This way, donors might have more direct leverage over candidates, and the candidates would consider the donors’ concerns, but ultimately the latter would choose the language and packaging in which the concerns were presented, if at all.
He allowed one run on four hits through six innings, and a seven-pitch sixth kept his pitch count at 73.
Ms. Cook was an avid participant on the Crew 38 online forum, posting 856 times, Mr. Pitcavage said.
...Nice People get Rewards (to make even new customers feel like V.I.P.’s) The Dutch 131 Sullivan Street Full blast we-go-la ...
Just as a happy marriage depends on many different factors, so do national wealth and power.
“I feel so unfortunate and I wouldn’t wish this on anyone, especially to have it happen in a match where we were in control,” Krieger said in a release by the U.S. federation.
Three Teachers’ Answers to Questions on Classroom Microblogging 1.
To be successful, action figures generally need a story supported by movies, TV shows or comic books.
The answer could be brief.
Jay Cutler and Tony Romo are polarizing figures for opposite reasons: Cutler smiles too little and Romo smiles too much.
“I’m on a high, I’m enjoying it, and I’ll see how far it can take me.” Follow Brian Sciaretta on Twitter.
One monastery told me that on the first day of an event, the “special diet” line has 10 out of 50 people, the second day 3, and by the third day everyone has switched to the “apple pie” line.
Because of such dependence on fossil fuels, carbon dioxide emissions from energy use are expected to grow by 70 percent, the O.E.C.D.
(Ken Jaworowski) ‘CQ/CX’ The playwright Gabe McKinley, a former news assistant at The New York Times, turns the newspaper’s 2003 Jayson Blair scandal into a cautionary take of deceit, ambition and hubris.
The association will work with coaches, academies, the International Tennis Federation and other groups to educate younger players and, when appropriate, enforce current rules.
“They caught me off guard because nobody had ever used it on me,” Jenkins said of the blocking strategy.
You think you could be more nervous?
The two biggest question marks are on a tax overhaul and the black box of “other mandatory” cuts.
But with about 150 films, including features, documentaries and shorts, the festival, which will celebrate its 20th anniversary over the Columbus Day weekend, has plenty, and plenty of variety, to attract film buffs.
But if one of Apple’s competitors was to address its ethical and environmental responsibilities with such verve and rigor that it emerged as a role model, wouldn’t you want to buy its products?
Meanwhile, the novel also chronicles Neill’s feckless quest for love in San Francisco.
But shareholders overwhelmingly approved the executives' compensation package at the meeting.
tournaments in the United States, including last week’s event in New Jersey.
It sounded like a collection agency.
Mr. McNerney, who won by a slim margin in 2010 after a recount, is now campaigning in a more Democratic district.
Here’s one guy who’s having a big day: Cobi Hamilton.
But keep an eye on the Washington suburbs: Fairfax County, Loudoun County and Prince William County, where only a tenth of the vote has been reported so far.
Because the system works for us.
Some black players were equally affected for the same reasons, it said.
is the bridgehead for the integration of the Middle Eastern economies into China’s global supply chain,” said Nasser H. Saidi, chief economist at the Dubai International Financial Center.
Learn what happened On This Day in History Visit On This Day every day to read an original Times article about an important event that took place on that day in history, or scroll through the archive to look up your birthday or another special day.
He said he thought he might be able to draw a foul for an old-fashioned 3-point play, adding, “I don’t regret anything.” St. Bonaventure (20-12) trailed by 8 points with 2 minutes 47 seconds remaining but fought back with a flurry of 3-point shots.
The film, which made its debut at the Sundance Film Festival in January, looks at a new investigation into the case that turned up new evidence relating to the murders.
“It’s not my fault,” he said.
One watched a crime show that told a persuasive story about the value of the death penalty.
Gifts to Murray Braunstein Leadership Award, LaGuardia Arts http://www.alumniandfriends.org/give/murray-braunstein-leadership-award or Alumni and Friends, 100 Amsterdam Ave., Rm.
“Our position on this issue is very clear: We are completely with personal freedom.” he says.
He connects to the Internet only through an encrypted, password-protected channel, and copies and pastes his password from a USB thumb drive.
A rumor spread on Friday that the government had sent provocateurs here to create disturbances that would give the police a pretext to disperse the crowd.
The Patriots-Colts game was notable because it was the big test for the rejuvenated Colts and their sparkling rookie Andrew Luck, but by the end of the first quarter, by which time Luck had thrown three interceptions, the notable part was over.
“Tourists should proceed cautiously, and think about where they are spending their money,” Mr. Ba Dhat Aung said.
(Chinen) David Weiss Sextet (Friday and Saturday) David Weiss, an industrious trumpeter and composer, leads an aggressive post-bop outfit featuring the saxophonists Marcus Strickland and Tim Green, the pianist Xavier Davis, the bassist Linda Oh and the drummer E.J.
She said she is not usually out on a weeknight.
bids today, here’s a look at how the B.C.S.
Because of an editing error, an article on Sunday about a portrait believed to be of Mary Todd Lincoln that hung in the governor's mansion in Springfield, Ill., and has now been deemed a hoax misidentified the position that Barry Bauman, an independent conservator who discovered the fraud, held when he was at the Art Institute of Chicago.
The drop was largely caused by a $3 billion charge related to the recall of its artificial hips.
RAHWAY Union County Performing Arts Center “I’ll Be There,” a tribute to Michael Jackson, Earth, Wind and Fire and the Temptations.
But some European nations depend heavily on Iranian oil and have been reluctant to cut off their imports during a severe economic slump.
Cutting the trial short on Thursday, Judge O’Flaherty said that the police officer who arrested Mr. Babbitt lacked reasonable suspicion for stopping him, Mr. Babbitt’s lawyer, Peter Greenspun, said Friday.
Increasing its average attendance and sponsorship were other challenges issued by Garber — demands that Orlando City’s board has been quietly addressing.
And his Stanford career, once thought to be over early, will continue for one more game.
Mr. Abramovich apparently used that access to gain a close relationship with President Vladimir Putin of Russia and ultimately, a net worth estimated by Forbes magazine to be at $12.1 billion.
And at 18 Gramercy Park South, where for more than 40 years the Parkside Evangeline Residence provided affordable housing for women, what had been a 300-bedroom building is being converted into 17 condos, each of 4,500 square feet or more.
He started his career in the 1970s, canvassing buildings for a real estate management company by day and driving a cab by night.
Mark Bridges, known for bright films set in the recent past like “Boogie Nights” and “The Fighter,” had to find clothing that popped in black and white for “The Artist.” He learned that when colors were not high contrast, they appeared as one washed-out hue on screen.
But the quakes’ energy waves radiate across the planet, detectably passing through the core.
Corner kick: Good move for Gonzalez?
In recent years, Silicon Valley seems to have forgotten about silicon.
Haley Barbour of Mississippi told ABC News on Sunday that he voted for Mr. Gingrich in last week’s primary, an indication of Mr. Gingrich’s continued appeal to some conservatives and their qualms about Mr. Romney.
We’re talking only about national regulations on sale.
People close to the bank say that Mr. Dimon, who is 56, does not plan to hand over the reins for at least five years.
Today, the Khan Academy , a nonprofit institution backed by the Bill & Melinda Gates Foundation and Google, offers nearly 3,000 free instructional videos on subjects as varied as Mayan civilization and calculus.
Within weeks of the settlement, which included public funds, two more women accused Mr. Lopez of sexual harassment, and the Assembly has since censured him.
“You have no idea how I feel right now.” In another nearby locale, a 57-year-old resident described a similar scene, as government paramilitary forces known as shabeeha moved through the streets around noon.
That compares to the 58 cents a share that analysts on average expected Microsoft to report, according to Thomson Reuters.
We had only to go.
“Their bench killed us,” D’Antoni said.
By now Ms. Laureano had learned which allergy medicine to take (Zyrtec), and she had grown to like the cat.
The judicious use of herbs characterizes the best appetizers on the regular menu as well.
While cruelty to pets is a felony in New York State, cruelty to wild animals is only a misdemeanor.
Gail : Do you think that once Rick Santorum goes away, the whole war on women thing will disappear?
As for the criticism now directed at Valentine, Shaughnessy added: “He’s the target for all things that happened before him: things done and not done by the owners and the G.M.”
“We have to go from one where people think of themselves as being in a high-school-attending culture to being in a college-attending culture.” One effort has shown marked success.
“It’s not even close,” said Stephen Gillers, an authority on legal ethics at New York University .
That gave the Giants a 17-16 lead with 6 minutes 45 seconds remaining.
Stuart Elliott, the advertising columnist, answers questions from readers each week.
We can see now that, without her, we are greedy babies surrounded by other greedy babies, waiting expectantly for the dinner bell to ring.
Meanwhile, time is running short for North Korea’s political elite, which has promised the citizenry that 2012 would herald the North’s emergence as “a strong and prosperous nation.” The “prosperous” part is clearly out of the question, as Pyongyang’s continuing appeals for food aid attest.
“There are some countries in Latin American that people don’t want to vote,” a cabdriver, nicknamed Chile after his native country, said.
“She was helpless,” Ms. Daqiq said.
Nov. 4 at 4 p.m. $35 to $55.
Facebook ends the day at $38.23, just 0.6 percent above the initial public offering price — although that is a price that represented 100 times historical earnings.
What’s your opinion of the sailing skills of the other members of Duran Duran?
Cut off from her friends and students, she said, the holiday season was almost unbearable.
“Jokes about rape , or race, or incest or any of that kind of stuff, it’s not office O.K.,” her interviewer tells her before showing her the door.
He joined Michael Vick and Randall Cunningham on the list of players who have passed for four scores and run for 75 yards in a game.
So here were Dirk Nowitzki’s two final victims, plotting their vengeance together while league and union negotiators argued over repeater taxes.
Mr. Obama leads by about three percentage points so far in Jefferson County, west of Denver, which typically tracks the statewide margins closely.
LONG BRANCH New Jersey Repertory Company, Lumia Theater “Summer Sanctuary,” written and performed by Al Letson.
In helping the Magic to a 9-3 start, Anderson is averaging more than 18 points and 7 rebounds a game, while shooting better than 45 percent from long range and almost 90 percent from the free-throw line.
Nadia Scartaccini, who moved here from Italy 26 years ago and now works in the Bata shoe store just below the tower, believes him.
On Wednesday, Ms. Krawcheck was named to the advisory board of Gold Bullion International, a platform for investors to manage their gold holdings.
Harvard’s endowment today is over $30 billion and has generated annualized returns of 12.5 percent over the last 20 years.
This is not exactly an austere “Ring,” but it is a “Ring” for a time of austerity.
Her friend Gwendolen has her finest moment in Elizabethan English, reciting Shakespeare’s “Shall I compare thee to a summer’s day?” sonnet, but it is just a setup for a punch line.
They met in 1979, when she was a senior at Mount Holyoke College, a women’s college in western Massachusetts.
The countdown to returning home from deployment starts the moment you step foot on the bus to deploy.
During a recent visit to Portland, Ore., the uncooperative weather made it easy to camp out in the lobby of the Ace Hotel , where I was staying.
CHAPPAQUA Chappaqua Library Storytellers’ Club, storytelling activities.
Draft beers run from $5, for pints of Sierra Nevada Pale Ale and many others, to $12, for a 12-ounce glass of McChouffe, from Belgium.
“The nice thing is you mostly face righties.” Leading the Race David Wright maintained his lead in the voting to be the National League’s starting third baseman at the All-Star Game.
And, yes, there still is the traditional cookie bake-off, and the results look closer than Wisconsin’s.
@nytimessports #nytquad #pitt //t.co/QxDPdj5e — Julie Katz (@juliemkatz) 15 Sep 12 @nytimessports Waiting for the Dawgs to play #nytquad #godawgs //t.co/RNEIi3OM — Sarah (@cfcuga) 15 Sep 12 #nytquad University of Delaware vs. Bucknell //t.co/M5QqkFir — Heather Brusseler (@hbrusseler) 15 Sep 12 Remember when Alabama was favored by only six points over Arkansas?
Either way, her presence continues to be felt all over Buenos Aires and beyond.
(Woods won the Chevron World Challenge , an unofficial PGA Tour event that he hosted, in December.)
Disappointing, overrated, just not good: What book did you feel as if you were supposed to like, and didn’t?
“He had a tough year last year.
WHEN did he get the idea for the project?
The incident took place last month; the perpetrators circulated videos of the alleged crime, according to the report filed with the police.
Beckett, whose first championship came for the wild-card Marlins in 2003, acknowledged Friday that the Dodgers’ focus should simply be to reach the postseason, even if they do it as a wild card.
Off the Bench The only way Taj Gibson of the Bulls would not be among the most important bench players in the East is if Tom Thibodeau finally became so frustrated with Carlos Boozer’s defensive limitations that he made Gibson a starter.
The sheik, who has been working to prevent the trafficking in migrants for several years, said he had given them food, water and shelter at his Sinai home.
Jonathan Lee Kest was born on June 17, 1955, in Mount Vernon, N.Y., and reared in White Plains.
Given this low threshold, Mr. Zuckerberg, 27, is likely to have enough Class B shares to give him control of the company for a long, long time, despite the fact that he will have a much smaller economic stake.
But the tenor of some responses helps explain why groups like AARP, and most Democrats, flee from any serious discussion of entitlement reform.
One bedroom has a walk-in closet.
There comes a point, not long into the play, when Jo cries out in animal agony.
A study published in 2010 by the Kaiser Family Foundation found that children and teenagers whose parents do not have a college degree spent 90 minutes more per day exposed to media than children from higher socioeconomic families.
In 1984, David Smith’s “Circle and Angles” executed in stainless steel in 1959 barely caused a ripple when it sold at Christie’s for $170,500.
PHOTO: TRESS MASTER: Hadiiya Barbel, who makes custom wigs at Alibi 25 Salon, thinks wigs should be more a part of mainstream fashion.
And direct marketing companies have long ranked consumers by their socioeconomic status.
Mr. Brown’s victory cost the Democrats their supermajority, and Mrs. Obama was furious with the president, and his staff, whom she saw as insular and disorganized, and failing to prepare for the worst possible outcomes.
The Robert M. Beren Academy , an Orthodox Jewish day school in Houston, won its regional championship to advance to the boys basketball state semifinals this weekend in Dallas.
A ski bum at heart, I wasn’t sure I could switch gears when, at the late hour of 1:30 we sat down at Restaurant 1,800, one of the resort’s on-mountain restaurants.
Or, what if admissions offices compare me to someone with grades, SAT scores and extracurricular activities like mine, but with more money?
Sergio, what’s with the beard?
The film places slavery at the center of the story, emphatically countering the revisionist tendency to see some other, more abstract thing — states’ rights, Southern culture, industrial capitalism — as the real cause of the Civil War.
— Patrick Farrell Chicago Reader : So what would you cook if you had an ounce or so of colatura, the funky liquid that seeps out of fermenting anchovies?
The screen on your smartphone or tablet is almost certainly made of a special class of glass known as Gorilla glass.
When he received the bill from the emergency room doctor, his medical record, produced electronically, reflected a complete physical exam that never happened, allowing the visit to be billed at the highest level, Mr. Burleigh said.
By straying from the party message, Mr. Romney’s campaign offered a fresh example of his difficulty in carrying the conservative mantle on health care — a problem that his Republican rivals predicted during the primaries because he championed universal health coverage while he was the governor of Massachusetts.
We went to my old high school, which was also an odd experience.
Variation in the wording and order of questions, for example, may lead to somewhat different results.
The movie halfheartedly includes a romantic-triangle plot.
(Rooney) ‘Harrison, TX: Three Plays by Horton Foote’ (previews start on Tuesday; opens on Aug. 14) Primary Stages kicks off its 28th season with a return to one of the most cherished of 20th-century American playwrights, whose work was last presented by the company in the 2007 production of “Dividing the Estate.” A recent Tony nominee for “Clybourne Park,” Pam MacKinnon stages these three miniatures (“Blind Date,” “The One-Armed Man” and “The Midnight Caller”) depicting life in Foote’s customary fictional small-town Texas setting.
The incident was merely the latest in a wearying series of unfortunate episodes.
“We said there are violations.
Along with the Napa-requisite multipage wine list, Solbar offers exquisite cocktails like the sage canyon flip (Charbay white whiskey, pear purée, lemon, house orgeat syrup, egg white sage; $13).
The recommendations represent an unusually frank acknowledgment by physicians that many profitable tests and procedures are performed unnecessarily and may harm patients.
Jennifer Y. Chi, the institute’s chief curator, writes in the exhibit’s catalog, published by Princeton University Press, that the collection portrays “a world of nomadic groups that, far from being underdeveloped, fused distinct patterns of mobility with apparently sophisticated ritual practices expressive of a close connection to the natural world, to complex burial practices and to established networks and contacts with the outside world.” Walking through the exhibit, Dr. Chi pointed to nomad treasures, remarking, “The popular perception of these people as mere wanderers has not caught up with the new scholarship.” Excavation at the Altai kurgans, near the village of Berel, was begun in 1998 by a team led by Zainolla S. Samashev, director of the Margulan Institute of Archaeology, on a natural terrace above the Bukhtarma River.
Mr. Gonzales-Day slows down the viewing process by introducing a degree of interactivity into the experience of his work.
And James was the best man.
Sushi rolls are listed on the menu as being raw, cooked or vegetable, making it easy to choose raw fish or to avoid it.
The Siri service can also answer specific questions like, “Is there a Cuban restaurant near me?” or “How do I get to the airport?” But it does not understand general queries like, “I have four hours to spend in San Francisco, what should I do?” For crowd-sourced local information, travelers can go to the free Trover Web site to see photos of nearby sights as well as stores and restaurants.
His current party, the YSR Congress, won 15 of the 18 assembly contests and the one national post even though Mr. Reddy has been in a Hyderabad jail since May 27.
Their first step, he writes, was to dispatch a surveyor or two on horseback or dogsled, accompanied by a native guide.
A visitor can roam its hills for hours without encountering another living being.
The Hub has a handful of middle and high schools, including South Bronx Preparatory on East 145th Street, where SAT averages in 2011 were 413 in reading, 424 in math and 389 in writing, versus 436, 460 and 431 citywide.
The sound of a tornado ripping off Sheila Wright’s roof shook her out of a deep sleep early on Jan. 23.
Andrew M. Cuomo wants to close .
“Hospital gowns depersonalize a human being,” said Dr. Jeffrey M. Levine, a geriatrician at Beth Israel Medical Center in New York who has been taking photos of the elderly across the country for decades.
Newspapers and television took notice.
A wild pitch and two walks, one of them intentional, loaded the bases.
He beat Henrique Hilario, who had started only two games last season, but Wondolowski’s fist pump was no less forceful, and his embrace of Henry was no less joyous.
“It’s a difference maker, for sure,” Hornets Coach Monty Williams said.
He put some of his favorite bohemian cuties on the front of his books.
Too many flavors were fighting for dominance.
It doesn’t die, like it goes away.
But he said he hoped that negotiations would go smoothly and that labor peace would be preserved precisely because of the N.H.L.’s business strength.
It is also Green Seal-certified.
“The Outdoor Museum (Not Your Usual Images of New York) Exhibition.” Through July 29.
The sale realized “a goal few dreamed possible in September 2008 ,” DealBook’s Michael J. de la Merced writes .
Wall Street is following Mr. Paulson, too, although with schadenfreude.
As the global population continues to rise, the greatest technological challenge we face may be to avoid leaving large tracts of the earth behind.
That set, which received some rave reviews , led to a record contract with Universal Republic, and the label’s machinery is in motion to promote her.
A decision by Ecuador to grant political asylum to Julian Assange, the Wikileaks founder facing extradition to Sweden, was almost a done deal, one Quito newspaper said on Wednesday.
The dogs that Ms. Beckles and Ms. Cintron remove from the beach are brought to Candelero Animal Hospital in Humacao, where the veterinarian, Dr. Bianca Aguirre Hernández, is highly sympathetic to their cause.
But then the mischievous Rivera pointed out with a teasing smile that he had made such proclamations before, and more than once.
Arnold was this comforting creature’s reassuringly plain name.
When the information is allowed to process spontaneously, the negative emotions are replaced with more positive ones as the memory takes its proper place in the past.
“It was terrible,” he recalled.
Yet all of the net job loss took place in the first few months of 2009, that is, before any of the new administration’s policies had time to take effect.
But Justice Kennedy said courts are not in a position to second-guess correctional officials in this area.
The letter from Mr. Holder was sent as Democrats on the House Oversight and Government Reform Committee struck back at the threat from the committee’s majority to find Mr. Holder in contempt of Congress for refusing to comply with a subpoena.
In a joint announcement , Gov.
But few people know the files exist, and even fewer go to stations to view them.
Disunion follows the Civil War as it unfolded.
And the Republicans’ cartographical shot across the bow, which they were expected to withdraw in their revisions, highlighted how much he had gotten under his rivals’ skin.
Even more important, he is a lockdown man-to-man defender.
South Orange Performing Arts Center, 1 Sopac Way.
“Wearable devices, or ‘wearables’ for short, have enormous potential for uses in health and fitness, navigation, social networking, commerce, and media,” Ms. Epps wrote in the blog post.
Of course, Beane was joking.
“I saw a beautiful moth sitting on a barn door, which someone told me was a luna moth,” he said, a green insect with coral trim and orange antennae.
Served within a towerlike display, the fish was crowned with radicchio marmalade and rested on a sopressa au gratin, which in turn sat on a bed of spinach, surrounded by delicious nubbins of roasted potato.
Although Bay said his head feels better, Manager Terry Collins said Bay complained of body aches Friday.
The musicians argue that increased medical costs to them in the management proposal would erase salary increases in many cases, a claim that Ms. Rutter denies.
That’s sort of a shocker,” Mr. McGowan said.
It also caused an uproar in the global Anglican Communion, a network of national churches that trace their founding to the Church of England and now claim about 80 million members.
“Like an optical pepper spray.”
Slim pants made up the lower half, until the jackets were cropped shorter for fuller pants.
Patrick’s Is Open.” MARY MONAGHAN HAMMOND Yarmouth Port, Mass., Dec. 27, 2012
TAXES: $9,674 CONTACT: Amy Filley, Nathan Grace Real Estate; (214) 704-8215; nathangracerealestate.com
Using innovative research techniques that bypassed official data, Mr. Wang estimated that not only were trillions of renminbi failing to appear in official assessments, but about two-thirds of it belonged to the top 10 percent of the population.
Carlisle thought there was goaltending and no basket.
The strategy requires investor patience — and an iron stomach when volatile markets produce roller-coaster returns for Avenue.
The latest suit, filed on behalf of 13 plaintiffs by the New York Civil Liberties Union in Manhattan Federal Court, claims that residents and their guests are subject to arbitrary enforcement practices that violate antidiscrimination provisions of the federal Fair Housing Act, as well as their Fourth Amendment rights against unreasonable search and seizure.
The Associated Press, tapping a longtime newspaper executive for one of the pre-eminent jobs in journalism, said late Wednesday that Gary Pruitt would be its next chief executive, succeeding Tom Curley, who is retiring.
Is shaming undeserved when people give not a second’s thought to the common weal?
Among those revealed: WHERE IPHONES AND IPADS COME FROM When Apple designs new products, about 15 industrial designers typically huddle around a kitchen table inside the locked-down design studio at Apple’s headquarters.
Or she could go to sleep herself.
Wally Irish, a 65-year-old resident of Manchester, Conn., said he had been attending the tournament since his high school days.
“I would just want to sit on the sofa.
About 75 percent of the company’s lemons are sold to food-service customers, and the intent of the trade ads is to bolster the consumer business by first persuading supermarket executives to carry Limoneira lemons, whose packaging and store displays highlight noncooking uses.
The controversy is now dying down.
After his first appearance, Mr. Obama did interviews with three local television stations from separate parts of the state, before flying to Sioux City, Iowa.
Maybe there are some branches to get divested in less attractive areas?
How does Mr. Hurley get the personality to shine through in a flattering way?
If he wins the election, “the fever may break,” he said.
We’re just going to keep seeing what we can do.”
Mr. Colfer transformed from a skinny sixth grader into a pudgy seventh grader whose voice hadn’t dropped.
At the same time, the military must broaden its readiness for noncombat missions.
It’s easy to dismiss the Pirates as a quirky band of idealists.
Management shrunk the newspaper from a broadsheet to a tabloid (a format from its distant past) and added color to all of its pages.
What has been the most challenging aspect of your work?
“Peter wrote the book ‘Trigga’ in longhand,” said Kevin M. McNally, another of Mr. Rollock’s lawyers.
Eventually, it will also mean more presnap responsibilities for Stafford at the line of scrimmage (this is where he’s not even close to Manning).
“I don’t know that the gap back then was as humongous as people sometimes think, but it is certainly different now,” said the former United States defender Brandi Chastain , who won two World Cups and two Olympic gold medals.
Free with suggested admission: $10; $6 for students and 65+; free for children 12 and under and members.
While Scotland allows no-fault divorce, England, Wales and Northern Ireland do not.
“Oh, and I was a selfish kid.
The couple met at Fordham University, from which they both graduated, and from which the bride received a master’s in public communications.
It’s embarrassing, but not as bad as it might have been.
Since his landmark three-part documentary, “The Battle of Chile” (1978), Mr. Guzmán has been a steadfast chronicler of the occluded horrors of the Augusto Pinochet regime, rallying against what he sees as the convenient amnesia of his still-traumatized country.
The move would effectively create a no-fly zone that could help safeguard refugees and give rebel fighters a portion of Syrian territory without fear of crippling airstrikes by Syrian forces.
At the heart of the case are environmental concerns — opposition to the copper mine is being championed by environmental groups that are concerned that surrounding farmlands will be contaminated by runoff from the mine — and more broadly the issue of land seizures.
Sukthankar, former chief secretary for the government of the state of Maharashtra.
Their subtle distortions and quieter surfaces may indicate attention to Matisse’s bronzes from two decades earlier, but their everyday poses seem more typical of Degas.
After brainstorming with his agent, they eventually settled on the final, somewhat profane version.
“He gets guys paying attention to him, which singles me up so I can make plays.
It may mean cutting back on the time spent with a child on account of having to work extra hours to make up for the unexpected expense.
It should always be discussed with a health care provider to ensure that it does not represent any serious health problems that could also make intercourse painful, like lichen sclerosus.
And, indeed, the restaurant’s small-plate concept has proved to be a boon to Steamboat’s growing culinary scene.
“It’s a lot of work for not very much,” said Representative Zoe Lofgren of California , a leader among Democrats in the House on immigration issues.
Attempts by officials to erect a mausoleum for George Washington were stymied by relatives.
One of Forrester’s assumptions is that the coming introduction of Windows 8, the new Microsoft operating system, will not be the defibrillator for the market that many people in the PC industry are hoping it will be.
Nov. 16 through Feb. 3 at the Morgan Library and Museum, Manhattan; (212) 685-0008, themorgan.org .
Instead, go on the trip, pack peanut-butter-and-jelly sandwiches — so no more of your dollars are spent in Florida — and stay at the park from dawn to dusk to really get your money’s worth.
The Iowa City Press-Citizen described state legislators as “understandably appalled.” Alan Batey, vice president for Chevrolet sales and service, said: “Some dealers were very skeptical.
These people, whom she described as ‘‘suffering from life,’’ may well try to take their own lives anyway, she said.
Uncle Willie insists that Richardson emerged from the womb with his physique already intact.
It now appears almost certain that Andrew Luck, Robert Griffin III, and Richardson will be the first three players taken in the draft.
Meanwhile, others are attributing the recent improvement in economic news to a dastardly plot to withhold stimulus funds, releasing them just before the 2012 election.
“And we can’t accept top pay rising at five times the rate of average workers’ pay, as it did last year.” Chilling words for the City, especially given that Mr. Cable serves in the cabinet of a Conservative prime minister.
“There’s such sweetness and innocence,” she said.
• Because of an editing error, an answer in the Q&A column on Sept. 16 about where the novelist Daniel Alarcón seeks out music when he visits his birthplace of Lima, Peru, misspelled the type of drum that is used in traditional criolla music.
I won’t be type of person who says I’m upset because I have a world championship gold medal.”
But the artist who triggered the most intense competition was Magritte.
Sixteen dollars, more or less, will buy you a gelatin dessert mold in the shape of Elizabeth II ’s head.
For now, doctors say it’s too soon to tell how long that will take.
Beyond our name, we had nothing in common.
Mr. Han said that after years of trial and error, his team has found a way to make that determination by feeling various parts of a fish.
The word “Ramadan” derives from the Arabic for “extreme heat,” fitting for this year, though the observance is just as likely to occur in winter.
Still, there is plenty of excitement in analyzing artifacts like a jar handle, a clay jug and a bangle and figuring out the purpose behind ancient pieces like a Greek helmet and a bull-shaped vessel.
“I just said I was sorry what happened out there,” McGinley said.
I’m still a little amped up from filming my television debut as an extra in a brief re-creation in the Investigation Discovery docu-series “I Married a Mobster.” I arranged the job only partly because I really, really, really wanted to be on TV.
While Dirties will be available, Mr. Tanaka will not be serving straight espresso on Monday.
That’s a bad, bad, bad unit.
Then Bob Luce, a driver for DataShredder, pushed the container into the metal arms of his mobile shredding truck.
I still think of Pabst Blue Ribbon as factory-town swill.
For the Knicks to contend — or even to win consistently — they will have to disprove every sweeping generalization about their makeup, from their highly paid stars to their highly paid head coach, who is in the last year of his contract.
Richman does not play Strat-o-Matic much.
Associates from his years at Bain Capital will counter the Democratic criticisms about the private equity firm with testimonials about his experience there.
SinoTech Energy could not immediately be reached for comment.
She was a professional who actually made more money than her husband.
The deportation then becomes a “sleeping beauty,” one ICE prosecutor said; it is closed and off the docket, but in theory it can be reopened at any time.
She was not especially perturbed but worried the cards might overshadow a New York symbol.
But you can’t have everything in one place, so I end up splitting things up.
With the games starting soon, she would be exercising so much that it would offset any extra calories in the wraps, she said.
What they said: “This is, without a doubt, the most beautiful car I’ve ever seen in the 20 years I’ve been with Toyota,” Bob Carter, Toyota’s American boss, said at the car’s introduction.
“These targets have become significantly less ambitious over time.” Rather than declining, Mr. Vaughan projected, emissions will be 7.4 percent higher in 2020 than they were in 2005.
Andrés said that although Juanjo López inherited the restaurant from his father — it had been an informal tapas bar — and is on no one’s list of Spain’s best-known chefs, he “does cooking like that of the gods.” An irresistible pitch, and not far off.
The holiday menus will also be available next weekend at Mr. Psilakis’s other restaurants, Kefi and MP Taverna.
“I love Gay,” said Ms. Rockwood, who said she had no concerns about appearing in the series.
A puffy cloud pattern looked like an afterthought.
Mr. Murphy previously worked at The Los Angeles Times, where he was a foreign correspondent based in Poland and South Africa and reported on the war in the former Yugoslavia.
Currently, most health care improvement efforts tend to treat patients as a monolithic group.
He was not joined by any Jets executives or coaches.
But when his courtiers address him more spontaneously, this Richard bends away (stiffly, though, for this is not a man made for bending).
Tickets are $11 to $16.
A writer on Firstpost this afternoon suggests he think more like a vacuum cleaner salesman: “Imagine, 25 years ago, you were a salesman of vacuum cleaners, a product neither wanted nor needed.
He recoils in mock horror.
The evolution has progressed particularly far in the Deep South , but Georgia, Alabama, Mississippi, Louisiana and Arkansas are all at different stages.
Unlike many of the hardest-hit areas, Fire Island had a robust system of dunes, ranging from 10 to 20 feet in height, that largely absorbed the ocean’s wrath, saving the bulk of the island’s 4,500 homes.
Don’t like or don’t want to eat anchovies?
“As time goes on, you learn to pick your spots, focus on what’s pertinent: giving your team a good design and trying to get them in a frame of mind to perform at their best level.
Mrs. Martin, 29, is a physician assistant in obstetrics and gynecology at the NewYork-Presbyterian/Weill Cornell hospital in New York.
They don’t want to see protectionism.
As soon as the race is over, he’s literally shooting from the Segway.
He has also delivered speeches urging critics to give the tribunal system another chance, arguing that its rules are now closer to those in federal civilian court and that it comports with the rule of law.
To fill the newly created position of adviser for competitive assessment and quality, Nissan North America has hired David Champion, formerly the senior director of Consumer Reports’ auto test center.
He said jostling made the condition worse.
He graduated in 1966 with a degree in political science and three years later earned a degree from the American University School of Law.
In fact we have even given “third eye” mobiles to more than 100 traffic police officers, who take pictures of traffic offenders and directly upload them to the server [in the Police Control Room].
“We wanted two medals, and we got them,” Cakir Alptekin said.
Some of her latest designs incorporate pieces of rare Victorian-era Japanese carved bone, ivory and mother of pearl.
She swung her hips in a short and sparkly dress and looked mighty fine doing so.
The researchers say that understanding the geology of an area is crucial to ensuring that the buried carbon dioxide never again reaches the surface, although there is no way to completely avoid this risk at the moment.
DNA samples were taken, and Ms. White’s DNA was found to match samples taken from Joy White and the father, Carl Tyson, who had separated years before.
Joyce orders another bottle of wine.
Mr. Geithner, now the Treasury secretary, also acknowledged on Wednesday that he had never alerted federal prosecutors to the wrongdoing.
Broader “police powers,” Chief Justice Roberts wrote, are reserved to the states, which “do not need constitutional authorization to act.” But whatever the legal justification, the law signed by Mr. Romney used the tax system to enforce the mandate, seizing on an idea that had become popular among conservative scholars at the time.
I would soon turn 40, and my first child was on the way.
They had been a couple for about two years.
The one thing we all agree on is it’s going to be a hard fight, to get all the way to the top with the I.O.C., but I’m hoping that this is something that can be peaceful.
Still, community support for Armstrong remains high in Aspen.
The museum has a simple cafe with a balcony overlooking the South China Sea, and sells delicious grilled cheese sandwiches for 19 Hong Kong dollars (about $2.50).
One day while I was playing it (I think I had just discovered that if you set up your garlic and your money-flowers exactly right, you could sit there racking up coins all day), my wife reminded me of my old joke about the iPaddle.
The agency’s researchers also reported that most apps failed to tell parents when they involved interactive features like advertising, social network sharing or allowing children to make purchases for virtual goods within the app.
BLOOMBERG NEWS In Middle East, Hopes of a Buyout Revival | While the volume of mergers and acquisitions in the Middle East fell last year, a large private equity deal provides hope that buyout firms are preparing to make more deals in the region, Reuters reports.
From the first, my assignment was to peel the layers from the business onion, releasing propanethiol S-oxide, and convey the experience.
How about $800 million?” App guys: “Don’t insult us!
At 8, one of us goes and gets muffins and coffee at the Whole Foods , which is a block away.
We gave Russia veto power over our efforts through the U.N. and meanwhile about 30,000 Syrians are dead.
Saiga antelope horn powder, for example, claimed to be 100 percent pure, yet was laced with traces of goat and sheep.
For the first three quarters of 2011, that revenue was $1.8 billion, up from $1.7 billion in the same period in 2010.
When Nicolas de Soto, the head bartender at the Experimental Cocktail Club, sees bartenders pore over the 1930 “Savoy Cocktail Book” as if it were the Bible, he shakes his head.
It is in the existential questions we ask, not the answers that are given us, that a dynamic life is lived in this vast universe of ours.
But overhauling this system through legislation would take time.
But an adequate high school education should be of sufficient quality to make graduates competitive for a wide range of meaningful jobs.
So now that you’ll be relinquishing the C.E.O.
In an industry in which British-born editors like Anna Wintour , Glenda Bailey and Joanna Coles set the tone, ambitious underlings trying to sound front row “use Brit-speak to sound, well, more ‘posh.’ ” “I have heard people who grew up far from London uttering that a runway collection was ‘brilliant’ or just ‘bril,’ ” he added.
The lenders, known collectively as the troika, want the Greek leaders to take more steps to cut spending and revive the Greek economy before they hand over nearly $171 billion in new loans meant to stave off a disorderly default and sustain Greece’s membership in the euro zone.
But neither was there much coming out of University Avenue.
The current FiveThirtyEight forecast shows Mr. Romney with just a 7-point lead in the state, and it has Newt Gingrich — not Mr. Santorum — in second place.
We use it instead of flying.
They were even prepared to shoot the animal dead if, in a given situation, tranquilization wasn’t an option.
But, my character is not a real hipster, but rather an anticommercial spirited, reborn hippie.
Meanwhile, zero is not the crucial number for the deficit; a much better criterion is the budget balance that would, on a sustained basis, stabilize debt as a percentage of GDP.
Donner bounded onto the roof in jeans and a T-shirt.
While Vale acknowledged that at least 24 of the caves to be destroyed are of “high relevance,” it said it would also preserve caves in another part of Pará to compensate for their loss.
Peter Thiel, the co-founder of PayPal, has given Endorse Liberty, a super PAC supporting Representative Ron Paul of Texas, at least $2.6 million, the bulk of the group’s donations so far.
But with a conductor as stellar as Mr. Vanska on the podium, there was still plenty to admire in terms of phrasing and nuance, though I remain to be convinced.
It exists because people say it exists.
I don’t have time to figure out who’s what, how’s what and what’s what.
Paris is in my roots.
But around noon, two Tibetans managed to run onto a footbridge several hundred yards from the Taj Palace Hotel, the setting of the meeting.
“We want to do a better job,” Mr. Williams said, “and we want this to be the Police Department that the public wants.” Mr. Bealefeld, 49, who recently announced plans to retire in August after 31 years on the force, will almost certainly be remembered for reducing the city’s crime and murder rates as well as for his aggressive anticorruption efforts, including the Majestic case.
A spokesman for the Business Council of New York State , Robert Lillpopp, said raising the minimum wage “would only hurt New York’s small businesses, farms and not-for-profits that are struggling to make their current payrolls, and reduce job opportunities in an already difficult economy.” Kathryn Wylde, the president of the Partnership for New York City , a network of business leaders, said the partnership had supported an increase in the minimum wage several years ago and “would consider another increase, but only after understanding the implications for the entire state economy.” One City Council member, Annabel Palma of the Bronx, saw Mr. Bloomberg’s support for increasing the minimum wage as a poor substitute for endorsing the so-called living wage bill currently before the Council, which would raise wages for workers in city-subsidized developments to $10 an hour with benefits, or $11.50 an hour without benefits.
The latest example comes from India, where the government recently announced that it would delay plans to allow foreign retailers like Walmart to wholly own and operate retail stores in the country.
One leader of the recent anti-Putin street protests, Yevgeniya Chirikova , told The Guardian that the plot was “part of a clear election campaign.” She added: “It’s to bring attention to Vladimir Putin, and to develop this idea that there’s a threat everywhere.
Tisch Building, 212 West 83rd Street, (212) 721-1223, cmom.org .
DOUGLAS CHAPMAN, 39, beamed as his guys arrived — a dozen muscular men who entered a Bronx gym last weekend and walked right past the weights and exercise machines, and headed instead toward a set of jungle-gym bars.
A Henry Moore sculpture is an oddly familiar sight.
As he framed a shot through the lens, his focus jumped to the chaperon: the tall, lithe Heather Joy Thompson.
Mr. Taprantzis called such criticism naïve, because it failed to account for the net present value of the leases.
But Williams was playing his fourth game in five nights, and he did not have much left for the fourth quarter.
“You’re killing me right now,” I wrote back.
Yet they can’t keep the bizarre weather out of their shabby home, and Tike — Guthrie’s alter ego — starts espousing the gospel of adobe.
defensive player of the month forced an N.F.L.-record four fumbles.
Mr. Felsen pays $885 a month for the larger, brighter room, while Ms. DeAtley shells out $815.
Only 13 states and the District of Columbia have formally committed to running their own exchanges.
Radio programmers were flooded with calls from fans.
As soon as he struck the ball, he thought the result was going to be good, he said, but it was not until he heard applause mixed with a smattering of disappointed aahs from the crowd at the green that he knew for sure.
A lawsuit by teachers fighting a statewide evaluation system is in negotiations and a settlement is said to be close.
FRINGE 248 Broome Street; (212) 674-8383; FringeNY.com .
The director of “A Separation,” Asghar Farhadi, is back this year as a member of the jury, which is headed by the British filmmaker Mike Leigh.
I can do this.” It is part of a campaign that MetLife introduced during Super Bowl XLVI on NBC on Feb. 5 and continued during the Grammy Awards on CBS on Feb. 12.
It doesn’t come from nowhere, it comes from the market.
One of the show’s running themes is her lifelong adoration of Paul McCartney and her idealization of his happy first marriage to Linda Eastman, who died in 1998.
said that Walker, who was treated for breast cancer in 2003, died of a cancer recurrence that was diagnosed last year.
In February, the police used tear gas and charged crowds with lathis, or bamboo sticks, during a Sunni procession to mark the anniversary of Prophet Muhammad’s birth, after stone-throwing broke out between Sunnis and Shiites.
An exhibit that features some of the work opened this month in the crypt of the cathedral of Notre Dame.
53 East 79th Street, Manhattan, (212) 288-6900, nysoclib.org ; free.
Unofficially (though only just), he was the matchmaker for a horde of hopefuls, who flocked to the Catskills ostensibly for shuffleboard and Sammy Davis Jr. but in actuality to eat, drink, marry and be fruitful and multiply, generally in that order.
So despite general outside sentiment, the Chiefs are not rebuilding.
The North Koreans “do not hide” that their armed forces, “including the strategic rocket forces, are keeping within the scope of strike not only the bases of the puppet forces and the U.S. imperialist aggression forces’ bases in the inviolable land of Korea but also Japan, Guam and the U.S. mainland,” a spokesman at the North’s National Defense Commission said in a statement.
Tribal communities are not opposed to development.
Chancellor Angela Merkel of Germany described the Greek Parliament vote as “very important” but stressed the need to stick to tough austerity measures.
In Berlin, architects started doing work for festivals, for temporary events and, in a sense, went against the notion of architecture as eternal.
David Beckham, the chief breadwinner in the family, is remarkable in that his celebrity value remains high beyond an age when a sportsman is reckoned to be selling his deteriorating value.
(Gaga is a prominent anti-bullying campaigner, as this Nicholas Kristof column explains.)
“Mountaineers are famous for their stamina,” she told me.
The new analysis, for instance, added two banks with relatively short disclosures, which may have skewed the overall numbers.
The Leslie Pintchik Trio, jazz.
Boston 1985-86 (5): Larry Bird , Dennis Johnson, Kevin McHale, Robert Parish, Bill Walton .
I disagree with the essential premise of the article: that criminal violence has expanded geographically.
“I think that sometimes, it hasn’t been the fairest in the world, but I’ve got to go on and control the things I can control and leave the other ones alone and have the wisdom to know the difference.” It was the worst defeat in his nine years as coach of North Carolina.
Dan Scofield, a buyer for Pierless Fish , a Brooklyn dealer, said the company had supplied elvers to Daniel in New York, French Laundry in Northern California and other top American restaurants in the past.
During the debate with Mr. Mikhalkov, she bemoaned the neglect of provincial culture and regional libraries in Russia during Mr. Putin’s rule and politely but firmly cut down the film director’s religiosity.
had detained one of its military commanders, Gen. Abdel Fattah Younis, who was later killed under circumstances that are still unclear.
This will require subtlety in policy making by Western governments, and a political effort commensurate to the one being made by the Burmese authorities themselves.
Flaum Appetizing, a manufacturer of hummus and other kosher foods in Brooklyn, has agreed to pay 20 former workers, most of them Mexican immigrants, $577,000 in back wages and other compensation as part of a settlement that would end several years of litigation and pickets of the company’s businesses, representatives from both sides of the dispute said Monday.
Mr. Obama’s national polls looked superficially better before the conventions because many of them were polls of registered voters, which do tend to show more favorable results for Democrats, instead of likely voters.
Significantly, the party document did not suggest Mr. Bo was a murder suspect, but rather implied he could have had a role in trying to cover up the killing by obstructing attempts to report the case and stripping Mr. Wang’s police powers without party authorization.
“For this kind of a purchase, a $25 billion purchase, they should have done a better job.” The report does not deal with the role of politicians in the process.
“Ever since he had the ankle injury, his command has not been there, due to the fact that he can’t land properly, that he’s using all arm to pitch, causing some fatigue in his shoulder.” Santana fell awkwardly while covering first base after the Cubs’ Reed Johnson stepped on his ankle in the fifth inning of the game in Chicago.
There’s also the chilled English pea soup with Meyer Lemon yogurt and the chilled spring garlic, leek and potato soup (both $5).
The United States is withdrawing all of its combat troops by 2014, but the soldiers at this base are scheduled to leave before the end of the year.
In Bangalore, the city supplies, or rather, rations water to individual homes.
I don’t recommend people stop or change dose of statins on their own, but to work through their doctors.
Another session in New York on Friday will deal with smaller issues.
Deal Professor » Fed Expected to Expand ‘Operation Twist’ | Economists surveyed by Bloomberg News predicted that the Federal Reserve, which makes an announcement on Wednesday, would extend a policy intended to lower long-term interest rates.
The government said that the attack was the work of a suicide bomber, while an officer with the Free Syrian Army said it was a remotely detonated explosive.
In the spring of 1918, more soldiers on the Western Front are being admitted to field hospitals for influenza than from combat wounds.
''We have complete confidence in the leadership of this organization, and in Susan G. Komen's fundamental strength as an organization delivering research, community health programs, global outreach and advocacy for people facing breast cancer,'' John D. Raffaelli, a Komen board member, said in a statement on behalf of the board.
The 2011 quarterback triumvirate struggling in 2012 Aaron Rodgers , Drew Brees and Tom Brady were outstanding in 2011.
“With so many disparate strands of the investigation leading to SAC, it makes perfect sense that they would be closely looking at the guy in charge.” And they are looking very closely.
[DNA Info] A Staten Island man admitted he swung his wife’s dog against a wall and killed it.
More than a few movement conservatives who want to defeat President Barack Obama see the Promised Land ahead, win or lose in November.
But the titles of some other chapters — “Welcome to the Casino” and “Monstrosities” — suggest they may prove more embarrassing to Goldman.
Speaker Christine C. Quinn, who is also a likely candidate for mayor, has not said how she expects the Council to factor the uncertainty into budget negotiations, but the mayor’s office said it believed the budget could be approved assuming the medallion revenue would come through, and then could be adjusted midyear if necessary.
The free-agent pickup Andre Caldwell will handle the No.
He lined up the group and handed each person a sheet of copier paper with a syllable written on it.
Each time she appeared, she would create a new startling picture.” Among the speakers were several designers – Carla Fendi, Rosita Missoni, Manolo Blahnik and Stephen Jones – who similarly expressed Ms. Piaggi’s ability to inspire.
But in the eyes of some librarians, it’s nothing but pornography.
Powerful people are always “rent-seeking,” another way of saying that they would like to feather their own nests.
The militants fly the black-and-white flag of the local Qaeda branch, Al Qaeda in the Arabian Peninsula , and are occupying government buildings, residents say.
And, unfortunately, at the time it was not on good terms when he went to Renault.
14 Nebraska, 70-31, in the Big Ten title game Saturday night in Indianapolis.
In the meantime, do you have advice about offering feedback to your employees?
Deliberately, the choreography limits these dancers, stunts them, makes their energies look peculiar.
The recall race carried implications well beyond Wisconsin, particularly in the escalating fight between wealthy conservative donors and labor unions.
They have a way of drawing you in that’s anything but boring.” MAVIS STAPLES As a member of The Staple Singers, Ms.
“I always thought the world was going to be gender-blind.” KLEINER’S headquarters in an office park near here does everything possible to minimize the moment.
An important element is local and national.
Mr. Saverin said he was misunderstood.
Investors were buoyed by the announcement, too.
“And now it’s about humiliating women.” But Mary Spaulding Balch, director of state legislation for National Right to Life, says that placing the screen before the patient and requiring doctors to point out the physical features of the fetus does women a favor — giving them information they need without forcing them to agonize over whether they want it.
In a similar vein, the paper says that Fannie and Freddie — known as government-sponsored enterprises, or G.S.E.’s — have pushed to resell foreclosed properties even when converting properties into rental units makes more sense.
June 21 at 8 p.m. $55 to $125.
Nothing in my experience has quite matched “Gatz” in this regard.
(Mr. Clough’s mixed-media work “Eyes 2,” above, is an expanded version of the photographs of eyes he glued to walls throughout the building.)
Caught and sent to a shelter, Eduín made contact with ProBAR lawyers, who realized he was a strong candidate for a special immigration status for abused or neglected juveniles.
The number of executions nationally dropped to 43 last year from 98 in 1998.
While $20 million is certainly worth fighting over, it is a relatively small sum for the likes of Mr. Perelman, whose net worth is estimated to be more than $12 billion.
Theater for the New City, 155 First Avenue, (212) 868-4444, fulcrumtheater.org .
So far, the petition has drawn nearly 4,000 names.
Under the 1972 Marine Mammal Protection Act, killing a dolphin is punishable by a fine of up to $100,000 and a year in jail.
When I find something I really love, I live, work and sleep in it.” Some things, however, he’d sooner let go of.
In a further bid to compete with Pandora, iHeartRadio’s custom streams still have no audio advertising.
Hours before the United States women’s national team opened its post-Olympic victory tour with an 8-0 thrashing of Costa Rica in Rochester, Sundhage announced that she was stepping down as the team’s coach to pursue a job in her native Sweden.
Dr. Tariot said researchers would also assess changes in people’s emotional state, “ irritability , sadness, crying, anxiety, impulsivity — these are cardinal features of the disease as it emerges.” The scientists will take physiological measurements, including PET scans that measure amyloid and how glucose is metabolized in the brain, M.R.I.
Can he be Brett Gardner for a little while?
TAXES: about $5,150 CONTACT: JR Gnerich, Re/Max Alliance; (505) 977-4104; homesnm.com
Just 2.4 percent paid more than 30 percent.
Saturday for her meant five hours in a driver’s education class.
But the letter also underscores what we already know about museums: that they are deeply politicized entities themselves, and excellent places for radical histories to be presented and retold — only after they have been initiated and played out elsewhere.
— DUNCAN IRVING Come on, Daddy and Uncle Mikey!
The electric drivetrain from Tesla Motors, maker of the rollicking two-seat Roadster that has helped overhaul the spinster image of electric cars , turned a sedate Toyota utility wagon into a high-riding 4,032-pound electric beast.
Glass cups are pre-designated for Brahmins or other members of the higher castes in case they want tea, whereas the Dalits are served in disposable plastic cups.
She suffered from mental illness.
Yet these pieces are strung together so wittily that Ms. Semple’s storytelling is always front and center, in sharp focus.
“It’s going to be much harder to get this moving for the time being,” he said.
I also really like liquid eyeliner by Armani and lots of mascara.
And policy makers spent months and months working together to put the law together.
United’s form around New Year, when it lost back-to-back games, persuaded him, and his governor, United manager Alex Ferguson, that there was music yet in the old creator.
MORRISTOWN Mayo Performing Arts Center “Clifford the Big Red Dog Live,” a new musical celebrating Clifford’s 50th anniversary.
Is Apple supposed to be the only company that takes on the costs of improving conditions?
The last serious outburst of violence was in 1993 when a mob set fire to a hotel in Sivas where an Alevi celebration was taking place.
An energy strategy that Obama now refers to as an “all of the above” approach is unlikely to turn into a “ drill, baby drill ” refrain between now and November.
Dom doesn’t rush his third wish, partly because he doesn’t seem much of a dreamer, no matter if his head has taken up permanent residence in the clouds, and partly because this movie might be a lot shorter.
TO MARKET, TO MARKET Whet your appetite with a stroll through the city’s bustling Central Market, where sellers hawk everything from seasonal squash to horse pâté.
More supply, he declared, will translate to lower prices.
He can help Fili Moala learn the nuances of the new scheme.
Ms. Bradshaw is warm and energetic, scolding the boys for wearing muddy shoes into the house and hurrying Daniel into his karate clothes after an early weekend lunch.
He was convicted June 22 by a jury in Bellefonte, Pa., of 45 counts of sexually abusing boys, including rape and sodomy.
Mary Stallings A lot of artists are unsettled on principle; they are driven by the unreasonable idea that there’s something they ought to do or can’t do.
Ms. Wang, who graduated from Ohio State in 2010, interned at Harper’s Bazaar, working 9 a.m. to 8 p.m. overseeing eight other unpaid interns who ran around Manhattan picking up items from various fashion houses and showrooms.
You’ll make a swell photo.” Back in New York, the incipient cold war tension began to claim victims.
Although they are all facing the possibility of imminent and irrevocable loss — of life or love or both — the characters in “The Realistic Joneses” discuss their own pain and one another’s with a blunt equanimity that may not always be realistic, but feels no less true.
The members — all deeply pious women who had to hide their beliefs in the Soviet era — set up a fund to rebuild the church.
“Everybody started caring a lot more.” Last season, Georgetown was a No.
So-called package deals in recruiting are not a new phenomenon.
Readers are invited to submit any questions that they want to explore further or have nagging doubts about – a list of all the Numberplay blogs of 2011 with links is given below.
Can this information be politely included on the invitation to save me from 50 telephone calls, or is it improper etiquette?
He still bears every bit of defensive knowledge he has accumulated, but has lost the ability to shade every stage of a pick-and-roll without surrendering a sliver of advantage to the offense.
We all know those days that begin in virtue with a banana for breakfast, a long session at the gym, a succession of ticks on the to-do list and a world-is-my-oyster feeling but end slouched on the couch plowing a steady course through a family-sized pack of peanut M&M’s, drinking bad white wine, watching “The Real Housewives of New York City ” and thinking life is not all it is cracked up to be.
At the parliamentary session, one of the most acrimonious of Mr. Cameron’s two years in power, the prime minister held off repeated opposition demands for an independent assessor to review whether Mr. Hunt had breached ministerial rules by approving his aide’s ties to the lobbyist or in failing to curb them.
The rumor about Buchanan’s sending a ship had proved false, but soon after taking office Lincoln had dispatched one to resupply the Union-held fortress outside Charleston.
And you got to decide, can you help or can you not help?
“It’s great to put them into family rooms and libraries.” Another advantage, he added, is that they tend to be sturdy and good at hiding stains.
Task, the college counselor, stepped in.
That included clearing some camps, helping set up a new industrial park in the north, filling vacancies on the Supreme Court, breaking ground on a new hospital and setting the stage for more private investment.
49, in the Mott Haven section of the Bronx, state test scores for the students in a certain fifth-grade math teacher’s class should have been in the 13th percentile citywide, based on their demographics and past performance on the exams.
Hot Doc reported that they had accounts in a Geneva branch of HSBC.
“Normally artists put things on a pedestal, but I found it really interesting to give them legs.” “Big Kastenmann,” made of cast aluminum, is Mr. Wurm’s first work of public art in New York.
The frivolity that came over me as we drove away was replaced later by the sobering thought that I was destined to come back to this church again and again in my life.
“He’s got his goal in eyesight, and he’s driving to the basket,” Mr. Emanuel said later.
You don’t learn this unless you’ve been doing it for a while.” He added, “Going into the phone business is incredibly complex.” Facebook also faces hurdles, often of its own making, on mobile.
Despite all of Tampa Bay Manager Joe Maddon’s defensive machinations, the Yankees have now scored six runs in both of their games on days when very good pitchers started — James Shields on Friday and David Price on Saturday — and have come away with two losses.
Diamondback became embroiled in the investigation when two of its former employees, Todd Newman and Jesse Tortora, were charged with participating in an insider trading ring that prosecutors said earned about $62 million in illegal profits trading in technology companies.
It was as if she were saying to us, “You would get caught up and bump into someone too.” You can’t blame her for becoming a bit lost.
(Minnesota had been chosen over Tampa for the convention, in part because of hurricane concerns.)
He refused to show favoritism to officers over enlisted men, and turned a deaf ear to the pleas of soldiers whose offenses smacked of meanness or brutality.
The remaining panel — 14 jurors and alternates — is charged with determining whether Clemens is guilty of lying to Congress about whether he used performance-enhancing drugs.
“Everybody in the world knows it.” Mr. Rookard, a 35-year Village resident, agreed but said the change fit the area’s continuing pattern of gentrification.
Txikito and El Quinto Pino in Manhattan, which make up the rest of their fleet, have done much to broaden the range of Spanish flavors in the city.
She received $50,000 and a partnership in the agency as compensation.
They’re singing “Come Together,” and some glowing blue dove marionettes have arrived on the scene.
“This meeting should have priority over other commitments you may have at that time,” read the e-mail from the professor, Michael Della Rocca.
“But it is the right of every government to control a bad situation.” Other college students said they had also heard of people using proxy servers to access the sites.
And understanding that distinction is crucial for the U.S. to chart its path in today’s world.
In a television ad released Sunday, the Romney campaign returned to one of the most contentious issues of the presidential debate, accusing President Obama of falsely claiming that Mitt Romney would cut $5 trillion in taxes.
Vera Wang’s runway show was taking place at Lincoln Center directly afterward, and Ms. Knowles decided somewhat casually to stop by.
No one spoke of the tragedy from the stage, but then again, there was no need to, because Ms. Keegan’s collaborators, all of them contemporaries with no prior experience of losing someone their own age, have been seesawing between grief and resolve since her death.
There is so much more left to be lived.
Thus, IUDs are not suitable for every woman, and it is important for women and their partners to be honest about their sexual behavior before an IUD is chosen for contraception.
At the same time, he would press Mr. Goel for confidential information about Intel.
If Craig James is the answer, what was the question?
At a school specializing in rocket and aviation research at the Beijing Institute of Technology, women made up 13.8 percent of students in 2008, rising to 16.4 in 2011, The 21st Century Business Herald reported.
So for 27 days, he and a small group of supporters have refused to eat solid food, insisting that they will not do so until the results are overturned and a new vote is called.
Shiva on Sunday after 5pm and Monday after 4pm at 2 Fifth Ave., Apt.
For those who pour their sweat, blood and fears into the sport, the stakes and the stress can be suffocating.
“Don’t you think it’s likely that they’re registered?” The board did not respond Monday to an inquiry about the election.
To the Editor: Steven Rattner (“ Beyond Obamacare ,” Op-Ed, Sept. 17) wants to reduce the one-quarter of Medicare’s budget for expenses incurred in the last year of life, while ridiculing “the ever-popular waste, fraud and abuse.” Although fraud and abuse account for a small portion of the budget, waste is everywhere.
But whatever it is, Greg Soule, the agency’s former spokesman, says it is enough for the agency to do a risk analysis.
representatives — an even more stunning reversal after eight decades of denouncing Western colonialism and Arab dependency.
Chris Christie of New Jersey as the keynote speaker at the Republican National Convention , and within hours, Mr. Christie promised to deliver “very direct and hard truths” to the American people.
Also, we are one of the few countries where drug makers and hospitals advertise products and treatments directly to patients, creating demand from consumers who don’t actually pay their full costs.
Macy’s took out full-page newspaper ads on Monday, but it did so to quote Dr. King and to proclaim its sponsorship of a national memorial to him.
Mr. Brown’s blunder — at least to viewers in deep blue Massachusetts — was identifying Justice Antonin Scalia, the archconservative, as his “model” Supreme Court justice, drawing boos from the audience and a pleased-as-punch smile from Ms. Warren.
Part 2 of Dr. Kellogg’s responses will appear next Wednesday.
“My Commodore 64 is mobile now,” Mr. Harmon wrote, “like yours, and the modems are invisible, and the internet is the air all around us.
“It’s been around for a while and it hasn’t caught fire,” said Neil Strother, an analyst at Pike Research.
Afghans nevertheless went on a weeklong rampage, killing innocent Americans in response — and no Afghan leader, even our allies, dared to stand up and say: “Wait, this is wrong.
The counties affected are: Bergen, Essex, Hudson, Hunterdon, Middlesex, Morris, Monmouth, Passaic, Somerset, Sussex, Union and Warren.
The fact that he is losing money every month makes me happy because it is a nightmare living next door to one of these rentals.
The last two sections — “A Visual Archive,” by Ian Alteveer, and a timeline, by Rebecca Lowery — belabor the book’s theme, which is that Warhol influenced nearly every artist to gain prominence since 1962, when he had his first solo show of Pop paintings.
However, Mr. Vaughan said that this year the government has reduced these taxes to 4 percent for new properties bought directly from the developer, with the hope of stimulating the property market and reducing the glut of unsold new homes.
We are more than willing to do it, but give us the numbers.” Among the documents that Ms. Hunter gave Mr. Whitney was a 148-page report on research submitted to the Canadian Mortgage Housing Corporation .
But now they are wrestling with a third: the pornography talk.
Additionally, scores of entertainment and sporting personalities have started civil proceedings seeking compensation for the unlawful interception of personal voice mail messages.
“They had sought out a respected neurosurgeon who had been referred by their family doctor, at a respected hospital,” he said, referring to the St. Thomas Outpatient Neurosurgery Center.
I’m one of his biggest supporters, one of his best friends.
It is important strategically for Israel, because it makes clear that dealing with the Iranian nuclear threat was not Israel’s problem alone.
Marty said great, let’s just do that.
In New York City she worked as an assistant buyer for Henri Bendel.
The official spoke on condition of anonymity because of the sensitivity of the financing for markets and governments.
Playing Maggie is the emerging multi-hyphenate Brit Marling, who, with Mr. Batmanglij, wrote the film and produced it.
He also sought further career counseling.
That made it an exciting destination for mobsters nationwide who were eager to start fresh and launch new ventures.” The mob-run hotels even shaped Las Vegas culture as we know it.
WHAT is the only hope for substantial relief from higher-than-average temperatures in the coming weeks and months?
The expense of developing these new water sources — often hundreds of millions of dollars — makes local utilities eager for private capital.
I think a lot of little things he did in terms of work ethic and teamwork.
Opposite Ceuta, across the STROG [5] , is Gibraltar (“Gib” in British parlance), captured by the British in 1704 and granted to them “in perpetuity” by the Treaty of Utrecht, which ended the War of Spanish Succession in 1713.
— Eric Asimov BuzzFeed : Here’s proof that not all food photography is “food porn” — 101 unbelievably unappetizing food shots collected from Instagram.
“Your medical license is revoked.”
A total of 35 Ivy players were drafted from 1965 to 1976, including 14 in the first three rounds.
Full reviews of all of this week’s movies can be found here .
The shuffle will not affect the level of the Dow, which closed Thursday at a four-year high at 13,539.96.
Beloved husband of Mary Ellen (nee Craven).
BANK ON IT In a lesser food town, the Dorrance (60 Dorrance Street; 401-521-6000; thedorrance.com ) could rest on the laurels of its architectural splendor — stained-glass windows, gilded candelabra and elaborate, cake frosting molding.
spokeswoman did not immediately return a call seeking comment.
Marin County, Calif., Municipal Water District Authority, $82 million of water system revenue bonds.
A raw food diet is not necessarily going to agree with these animals whom we’ve imposed our lifestyles on.” Still, those who believe in the power of raw food are hard to dissuade.
But Rivera has that kind of soul.
A lot of artists can just use the gesture to do the work, like using a light to write, or using something else.” With all the new developments in ink art, said Dr. Erickson, the work is no longer just for Asian aficionados.
If you are still wondering which animal (or person, we grow whiskers, too) is the “Bewhiskered frolicker,” the answer is the OTTER: However, if you want to see real frolicking, check out this fellow and remember that joy is so easy to achieve if you don’t over-think it.
And private-sector job growth ground to a halt last month: New Jersey, The Record newspaper noted , lost 7,100 private-sector jobs and 4,900 public-sector jobs in July as the nation saw an increase of 163,000 jobs.
“It can lead to antisocial behavior,” he says, “but if you combine this adventurousness and curiosity with persistence and a sense that it’s not all about you, then you get the kind of creativity that benefits society as a whole.” Fans of this trait are calling it “neophilia” and pointing to genetic evidence of its importance as humans migrated throughout the world.
It should be noted that Infostrada’s numbers make no attempt to account for intangibles like crowd support or momentum that can build within a team when things start to go well (or badly).
“There’s no bond,” said Sanjay Prasad, an official from the Ministry of Health and Family Welfare, who’s familiar with the situation.
In the hands of the Renaissance physician Paracelsus, who believed people and the universe to be wholly composed of mercury, sulfur and salt, the results were unpredictable.
In addition, the partners will invite proposals from academic and science-based institutions for a new research program — and potentially a new science center — that will focus on the bay’s restoration.
“It’s bad if it’s interfering with your quality of life or getting you in trouble,” she said.
It came within about 1,600 units of outselling the Ford Motor Company , whose sales fell 5 percent.
At 16, the Chinese swimmer Ye Shiwen is one of the youngest competitors in the Olympics and so far the most remarkable.
While there are many technology sites that evaluate and compare products, usually burying their assessments in a tsunami of other posts, Mr. Lam and his staff of freelancers decided to rely on deep examinations of specific product categories.
Pizzeria Lauretano, 291 Greenwood Avenue.
Her guess was inspired by hope, rather than intuition, observation or knowledge.
Yet more than half of all patients said their symptoms had improved.
Although the margin wasn’t huge, that’s a much better result for Mr. Romney than in the first areas to report in Clermont, which had given Mr. Santorum a lead.
And the limited variables keep the services fast and relatively affordable.
It might be a surgeon from Manhasset, or an orthodontist from Douglaston.
It’s a modern take on the early days of Marvel’s favorite mutants.
It is unclear why Iranian officials had kept the episode a secret.
Mr. Cuomo, a Democrat, is no stranger to the consequences of a paper trail.
Which brings us to one of the more surprising recent entries in the annals of teacher narrative: Tony Danza ’s A&E reality show, “Teach,” and his accompanying book, both of which chronicle his attempt at teaching 10th-grade English.
Last year, the Bulldogs rode into The Game on a wave of national publicity, centering on the remarkable story of the record-setting Witt and his decision to withdraw his Rhodes scholarship application.
But inside the 12th-century Norman church are beautiful cloistered gardens and gleaming gold mosaics of astonishing detail -- some of the best in Sicily.
“We need reform-inducing productivity growth, not more leverage, in 2013,” said a research note on Saturday from Stephen Green, the China economist in the Hong Kong office of Standard Chartered.
MARLINS 9, BLUE JAYS 0 Mark Buehrle pitched effectively for seven innings to become the winningest pitcher in interleague play with his 25th victory, John Buck hit a three-run homer and host Miami snapped a six-game losing streak.
The festival, sponsored by various European cultural institutes and continuing through April 22, will showcase 25 recent movies.
We must take lessons from the way we fight terrorism in Somalia, Yemen and elsewhere: Focus more on finishing the fight against Al Qaeda, and less on bringing good government to a failing state.
The pertussis test can cost up to $400 and delay treatment by days.
Richard L. Hasen, an election law expert and critic of voter identification laws who is a professor of law and political science at the University of California, Irvine, wrote in the Fort Worth Star Telegram that: Republican claims of a serious problem with voter impersonation are bogus.
In the film, Salma and my mother, Wedad, also return to their old homes in Jaffa.
It’s similar to what happens to the recreational golfer.
At one service in New Delhi, Mr. Singh’s performance caught the attention of a Sikh priest visiting from Wisconsin.
A new propulsion system for going to Mars would likely call for reviving old technology — nuclear-powered rocket engines that were originally developed in the 1950s.
“It’s not as easy as taking the assets and giving them away because you know that works.” Mr. Blattmachr has put great effort into making sure his trusts will be allowed.
“There’s a big difference there,” Dr. Schlenke said.
“If I could make one plea, if you get invited to the White House and you despise the sitting president, just go anyway,” Ms. Berman said.
American Labor Museum/Botto House National Landmark, 83 Norwood Street.
I always trusted that one day it would prevail.
As predicted by many, it didn’t take long before the naysayers, those who believe that Sergeant Major King should never have been in such an influential position in the first place, began to voice their reservations.
The Day Clyde Haberman offers his take on the news.
FEMA’s 2012 disaster-relief allocation will certainly be enough to cover the initial response, FEMA director W. Craig Fugate said this week.
And there were a series of complaints from the public, as well, about running of the bars late at night.
Although he hasn’t studied use of the noseless saddles in women, he said he believes women would benefit as well.
Rather, he refers to other dates that he knows solidly, close to the date in question.
“The later I wait to get it done, the more time I’m going to miss,” Crawford said, adding later, “I can’t keep playing with the ligament in my elbow like that.” In time, Valentine said, Crawford will build his pain tolerance and play every day.
The former trader had earned a combined $90 million profit for both UBS and its clients by May 2011, prosecutors said.
Smith’s 3-pointer with 1 minute 4 seconds left gave the Knicks a 108-107 edge, a lead they never relinquished as they held on for a 111-107 victory.
George Clooney has cemented his status as a Hollywood leading man, with three best actor nominations in four years (he was previously acknowledged for “Michael Clayton” and “Up in the Air”) and a best supporting actor win in 2005, for “Syriana.” As she has often noted herself, Viola Davis, nominated for best supporting actress for “Doubt” three years ago, is one of the few African-American actresses to be Oscar-nominated multiple times; if she won, she would be only the second to win best actress, following Halle Berry for “Monster’s Ball” in 2002.
Riley knew that James could be the best of all those he had coached, the most complete package, if he could take that leap across expectation and fear and make that last championship push with a little help from his friends.
“Sunday I feel like it’ll be a lot better than it is today.”
I will drag any customer care rep who responds to this.
Well, when one of your Pinterest photos links to a product for sale online, Pinterest quietly modifies the link to insert its own affiliate code, so that Pinterest gets the referral fee.
And economic uncertainty has led couples to delay getting married and having children.
All I have left are my tears.” Only rarely does this emphasis dull the impact of Euripides’ 415 B.C.
Last month, he made his case on the bike at the para-cycling championships in Los Angeles, overcoming a challenge on the track from an equally matched Costa Rican rider.
It also planned to call out Microsoft and Comcast for donations to Heartland.
Some Lehman employees started hedge funds, which required their own terminals.
The bureau chiefs and national correspondents of The New York Times work from offices in 14 cities across the country, and report from all 50 states.
And that, sadly, is what it’s become.” Is this the beginning of the end of the latest experiment in the electric car, whose checkered history goes back to the dawn of the automobile age?
It will be an adjustment this week for defensive end J.J. Watt, who claimed to have learned the Dolphins’ snap count from watching HBO’s “Hard Knocks.” The strategy will be the same as it always is for Houston: Keep the score low and let Arian Foster run all over whomever the team is playing.
“And a poor trial performance could seriously have undermined the S.E.C.’s ability to achieve settlements in other cases.” Mr. Tannin and Mr. Cioffi also had an incentive to settle, said several lawyers, because of the government’s lower burden of proof in a civil securities fraud trial.
That’s Fred Stiller (Jon Morris), a rising employee at Rien Inc., which creates virtual worlds, via environmental simulators, inhabited by digitally created people who do not know they aren’t real.
It is well known that psychological stress raises the risk of heart disease, cold and flu , and even allergies .
On top of that, both my aunt and dad attended Madison, and spent the best four years of their lives there.
YIDA, South Sudan A GREAT humanitarian catastrophe and vicious ethnic cleansing is unfolding here in the remote and impoverished region where Sudan and South Sudan come together.
As we pointed out in the article, and as as a new report from the Intergovernmental Panel on Climate Change makes clear, there’s pretty good evidence that heat waves, heavy rains and coastal flooding are getting worse because of climate change.
Infected trees die within about five years; there is no known cure.
That alone inspired me to start taking the stairs.
Deutsche Bank said the company had lower retail revenue and narrower margins than expected at its Four Seasons Plaza property.
When a German high-school classmate visited me, we came upon the intersection below, less than a mile from the center of Princeton, N.J. My friend burst out laughing at the abundance of wires in every direction, something he had seen only on his travels to the developing world.
The boy doesn’t resist when Rose impulsively dresses him as a girl with a stuffed brassiere, lipstick and nail polish, and they visit a bar.
Breedlove ought to be satisfied with being the first person to set the 400-, 500- and 600-m.p.h.
Every second of every day is a gift.
There are politicians (like the former British prime minister Gordon Brown), business leaders (like the former Washington Post publisher Katharine Graham) and entertainers (like Mr. Rock) who seem perfectly capable of giving speeches, leading groups or performing in public, sometimes exuberantly or outrageously, but who self-identify as shy.
So I’ll be sitting there ordering the week’s groceries from FreshDirect and shopping for clothes and things for the kids, just anything.
It, in turn, enlisted an architect to procure the permits for the restoration, a process that lasted several years.
I’m not saying people can’t deal with it, or even laugh at it, but it wears on you.” Carla Shedd, an assistant professor of sociology and African-American studies at Columbia University, agreed that some black people were wary of living with that day-to-day experience.
Online classes would not provide this.
Many academic studies have shown that a considerable portion of realized capital gains simply represent inflation, rather than real increases in purchasing power.
(Ben Brantley) ‘Death of a Salesman’ Mike Nichols has created an immaculate monument to Arthur Miller’s masterpiece, starring a deeply thoughtful, if uneasily cast, Philip Seymour Hoffman.
Page A8 National OCCUPY OAKLAND PROTEST LEADS TO HUNDREDS ARRESTED About 400 people were arrested and three officers injured after a march to take over a vacant building by members of the Occupy movement in Oakland, Calif., turned into a confrontation with the police.
I believe that I can help steer the Silver Arrows to the top and achieve our joint ambitions of winning the world championships.” The Mercedes team has been racing as a full team under its own name since 2010 after buying the then reigning world champion team, Brawn.
Transfer the pan to the stove.
And you can’t go back to “Fringe,” either.
Had a little procedure that pushed water through my leg to keep the swelling out.
The disclosures, absent details, have set off waves of speculation here and in Washington about the precise nature of Mr. Jackson’s ailment, his location and, four months before his presumed re-election to Congress, his political future.
That party, along with the opposition Greens, have threatened legal steps against the child care subsidy.
We put that as an example.
Finally, the Touché for Being So Terse award goes to Emmeline Sun , who sent in a two-word sentence from John 11:35.
VMWare, which already sells small-scale network virtualization, works with young switch vendors like Arista on building extremely large data centers.
But even in those cases, she appeared to be making an honest effort to find a player to whom she could send a pass.
Council members were studying a transaction by the committee on foreign relations in the mayor’s office, which Mr. Putin headed.
The United States national team coach, Jurgen Klinsmann, said he was going to treat the current stretch of exhibition and World Cup qualifying matches as a five-game tournament, bringing a sense of urgency and focus to his team in the process.
Here is Mr. Nyhan’s overall take on the debate.
The sight of him brought to mind the era of his young manhood, a period in 1970s New York that he describes graphically in his novel “Faggots.” In those days, the shows people staged in subterranean spaces were seldom about fashion.
And that conflicted with another of Sulzberger’s goals: to ensure that his family, which had owned the paper since 1896, would remain in control of the company and its flagship newspaper.
“We’ve made this nomination and we think he will ably serve as ambassador.” But given Mr. McGurk’s long history of working for Mr. Bush, few Senate Democrats were eager to lead a battle against Senate Republicans on his behalf.
A small number of the rabbi’s followers donated to the campaigns of Mr. Weiner and Mr. Cantor.
The museum’s operating and acquisition budgets are both funded by the government, and Ms. Hamdi, while declining to go into detail, made clear that money is tight.
When it comes to gray, she said, “I’d go with more of a brown charcoal rather than a blue charcoal.” Creating contrast is also important.
“The modest size of today’s sale helped domestic buyers absorb the supply,” Nicholas Spiro, managing director of Spiro Sovereign Strategy, a London consulting firm that assesses sovereign debt, wrote to investors.
The list of well-regarded executives who could lead the new unit could also include Lex Fenwick, the newly named chief executive of Dow Jones, or Tom Mockridge, chief executive of the British newspaper unit News International, according to another person close to the company.
While I was shopping, Scott had moved the fence and piled two feet of loam above the treasure.
An acknowledgment of consensus is always better than a bogus disagreement, and Romney’s decision to play up his areas of concord with the president didn’t just serve the cause of reassuring swing voters worried by his sometimes hyper-hawkish rhetoric: It served the cause of truth as well.
Cristián Samper , the director of the Smithsonian Institution’s National Museum of Natural History, will take over as president and C.E.O.
Written and narrated by David Attenborough, this new giant-screen 3-D film from National Geographic explores the world of pterosaurs: flying reptiles like the quetzalcoatlus, which was the size of a jumbo jetliner, and the tapejara, which had a sailboat-shaped head.
6 Murray State (31-1) on Saturday.
There were also gains among the youngest workers, 16 to 24 years old.
I think these lovely young ladies, Beyoncé, and, what’s the cute little girl’s name, Alicia Keys — all of them should be pop singers.
MRM is part of the McCann Worldgroup division of the Interpublic Group of Companies.
Georgia Chomas, a cousin of the senator who described herself as more like a sister, said social conservatives and Tea Party activists in Maine were hounding her at home, while party leaders in Washington had her hemmed in and steered the legislative agenda away from the matters she cared about.
I jump into the seat right as we’re about go on the air, wishing that we had at least another hour to look at the changes Lorne asked for on the lighting or a camera sequence before we do it live in front of the entire country.
Have any of you used any tax preparation software in this situation?
Now, a new tool developed by the Sunlight Foundation allows for a level of analytical rigor that has been missing from this conversation.
In three telephone interviews, he repeatedly and emphatically denied any connection.
Besides, Mr. Smith said, he is a very good cook.
“That’s insulting.” He added, “She’s trying to pull one over on the people of this state.” Of course, the race has been about more than gender.
Jim Johnson in to pitch the 9th now for the Orioles, with game tied, 2-2.
In the near term, however, the airline industry’s future looks more uncertain than it did when the Farnborough show was last held, in 2010.
A steady siren announces the onset of the Jewish Sabbath just hours after Muslims wind up the special Friday noon prayer at Al Aksa Mosque in the Old City.
Hearing the competitors talk about their product-hawking efforts in heroic terms is either infuriating or laughable, depending on your frame of mind.
“You can’t help but hope he’s the kind of horse that can get to the Derby and has that kind of potential,” his trainer, Todd Pletcher, said.
I’m a mom, too, you know, but I don’t always want to look just like that,” she says.
The gun that was used had been tossed into an estuary by Mr. Goh before he surrendered, the police said, and a search was under way to recover it.
In the predawn hours, the police established a metal perimeter that sealed off the streets around the church and kept both fans and reporters at a distance.
Greenwich Library, 101 West Putnam Avenue.
The next day, Marion Bartoli, then 7, went with her father, Walter, to a much more modest court in the small southern French town of Retournac and began mimicking Seles by hitting two-handed ground strokes off both sides.
Las Malas Amistades “Maleza” (Honest Jon’s) sounds like a first album, but it’s far from it.
Allison Meadows and John T. McLaughlin found few ruffles to their church wedding in Boston, but had to adjust for the twists and turns in the lives of relatives and guests.
He said that the spending and promotions were legitimate, free of any political motives.
In the first, in November 2002, while he was campaigning for re-election, the commission said a man carrying a pickax cursed at him, saying the judge had ruined his life.
(The Democratic convention is only three nights long, but NBC will offer two of its three hours of coverage on the final night so it can carry an N.F.L.
If you spring for a pair of Beats by Dr. Dre, you’ll solve your problem and earn a heap of street cred, too.
Similarly, Chilton prepared and delivered questionable orders during the Peninsula and Chancellorsville campaigns.
Around 1960 some buildings on the east side of West Broadway between Leonard and Franklin Streets were demolished for Con Edison’s one-story Leonard Street substation, and Finn Square is almost unobstructed on that side.
That’s a 13-cent rise over the last week and a 30 cent rise over the last month.
The stalling of the legislation on Thursday also illustrated the divisions among Republicans over the bill.
Mr. Obama contrasted Mr. Romney’s decision to use his recent trip to Israel to “take donors” and “attend fund-raisers” with the president’s own visits to Israel’s Holocaust memorial and the town of Sderot, “which had experienced missiles raining down from Hamas.” Mr. Romney countered by asserting that the president had generated “turmoil” with Israel, noting that 38 Democratic senators had signed a letter urging him to repair the damage.
In the classrooms it was as it ever was — with the notable difference (from my grade-school days, at least) that the pupils are expected to provide the class with much of its supplies.
Other retailers are also trying to make it easier for people to qualify for financial products.
“We see the light at the end of the tunnel.”
Wires dangled from the unfinished ceiling.
At 8 p.m., Alice Tully Hall, Lincoln Center, (212) 769-7406, juilliard.edu ; free, but tickets are required.
Entire cosmologies, who knows how old, are built into, and dramatized in, Dogon masquerades, through masks, like those in the show, some towering into the sky, others designed to scrape the ground.
In return, she receives a few-hundred dollar monthly stipend, which is what is meant by an oath of poverty.
... With YouMail (free on Apple and Android ), you can send automated, personalized receipts for voice mail left on your phone.
“We are constantly evaluating ways to rebalance and manage our operations to adjust to the changing business environment, with a goal of maintaining our financial health.”
But, as is always the case when designing for two brands, Mr. Dell’Acqua needs to be careful not overlap his aesthetics too much.
Tebow is here, and he is here to stay.
Judith Goldiner, a head lawyer at the Legal Aid Society, said she voiced her concerns about the termination notices to Mr. Rhea early last year during a chance meeting in Albany, only to be rebuffed.
“What we are experiencing at the moment is incredible,” the Dortmund executive director Hans-Joachim Watzke told 1,300 members at the club’s annual meeting last month.
June 15 through Aug. 8.
It was referring to Aubrey, who took a study break and watched Hamilton match his own greatest feat.
That was what central bank officials wanted, because community lenders are a crucial source of credit for smaller businesses and consumers.
The villain is Dong Zhuo , a tyrannical warlord known for his cruelty.
“So many awful things go unpunished in our country.” Like other women at the church, Vera, 32, covered her head with a scarf — in her case pale green, matching her eyes.
In the 1950s and ’60s, many Crittenton and other maternity homes changed from refuges that offered sympathy and support to places where embarrassed middle-class parents would secretly hide their pregnant daughters, who were pressured to give up their babies for adoption.
Exchanging their particulars as Hank waits to talk to Marlene, they strike up a hesitant rapport based on, among other things, a shared distaste for certain words and phrases: “vis-à-vis” is one.
I like her a lot.
Ms. Habib, 34, will keep her name.
“But the city is doing quite well,” said Gaffin.
Yisrael Katz, another Likud minister, called for the liquidation of the Hamas leadership in Gaza and said that Israel should stop supplying the enclave with water, electricity, food and fuel.
In August, Ford joined with Roximity so that Ford and Lincoln owners with Sync AppLink could receive alerts to nearby deals and specials while driving.
The Badgers hadn’t scored more than 27 points this season against a team with a winning record – and that total came in a loss at Nebraska on Sept. 29.
Through Sept. 30, meanwhile, Mr. Romney had raised only $75,000 in contributions from South Carolina — barely a third of his fund-raising haul in New Hampshire, even though South Carolina has almost four times as many residents.
“Phil Lique and Laura Marsh: Half Off.” Through July 8.
Some actors might find that constricting.
It seeks to examine what drives young women into neo-Nazism.
Indeed, the cost of mixed-race blacks deciding to turn away could be huge.
After years of judging the merits of federal laws by their costs or savings, Washington is applying a new yardstick: Will they create or destroy jobs?
“I always have the faith and belief that things will get better,” he said.
“Of course I want to play as much as I can,” Staal said.
“It’s going to create conscience, little by little,” Ana Medina, a school administrator who is part of We Are Lawrence, said of the cash mob and efforts like it.
The downside of a military attack is overwhelming.
Following the lead of other states and an in-house sentencing commission, New York has adopted guidelines that sort parolees as low or high risk and tailor their supervision accordingly, in hope of reducing recidivism rates.
But Mr. West, who is fond of holding town hall meetings, said that while he is plunging into local issues, his principles are unshaken and portable.
We don’t get to find out how the world would look otherwise, if some dictator or madman had been left alone instead.
Because of Nebraska’s split electoral map, the president is trying to scrape together as many votes there as he can get — he won the state’s Second Congressional District in 2008, the first time a Democrat did so since 1964, a win that gave him one electoral vote in Nebraska to Mr. McCain’s four.
One of the hostages, Khaled Abdulkhaled, answered without pause: “They said they are about to blow this ship up.” The pirates panicked.
Chapin Rainbow Stage, Heckscher Park, Prime Avenue and Route 25A.
She is in the internship year of a residency in internal medicine at Cedars-Sinai Medical Center in Los Angeles.
In April last year, a Barcelona judge denied parental custody to a divorced father, citing the fact that he had lost his job.
“It is not nice but nothing too serious, either,” Ovrebo said.
One of them, Yin Zhengan, a friend and fellow dissident, said rotating shifts of minders were preventing him from leaving the teahouse he runs on the outskirts of Shaoyang.
• The cover story this Sunday about Lisbon described incorrectly a dish served at Cervejaria da Esquina restaurant.
First, it appears that after Facebook revised its prospectus to reflect slowing revenue growth, the firms managing the offering whispered the bad news into the ears of favored clients.
At this lunchtime event for ages 4 and under (snoozing babies are welcome), she will present music and stories in collaboration with a guest artist, Jesse Neuman, on jazz cornet.
Once opened, this Pandora’s box will be impossible to close.
Mostly, he asks his handlers to help down-and-out roommates with their visa troubles.
An ode to beat cops and the expansive literature on them, David Ayer ’s “End of Watch” is a muscular, maddening exploitation movie embellished with art-house style and anchored by solid performances.
And we did, standing out front, watching Villagers strut past the corner of West 10th Street and Greenwich Avenue.
An adverse ruling by United States District Court Judge Jed S. Rakoff could affect the trustee’s efforts to recover as much money as he is seeking in this and many other cases.
Should fairness be based on need or on recouping what was contributed?
“And it changed when there was this rush to come in here and develop the area when they didn’t understand the geology.” Mr. Fenton said he thought he had dodged a bullet until about three years ago, when his tap water began occasionally fizzing and smelling like petroleum.
“Ten, 20 years from now, the legacy of this company should be, we have connected everyone in the world,” he said.
He created several big plays with simple pump fakes and misleading body language.
But in this new incarnation of ties that bind, there has been a generational flip-flop in the roles of giver and receiver.
Fewer respondents expected business conditions or employment would improve in the coming months.
“It’s been largely debunked this week by the people who have looked at it.” Democratic advisers spent much of the past week pushing back on Mr. Romney’s assertion that 92.3 percent of job losses since Mr. Obama took office have involved women — a claim that several independent fact-checking organizations have termed as technically correct but highly misleading.
now has a member on its highest board without a democratically established mandate,” said Sharon Bowles, chairwoman of the economic and monetary affairs committee.
Much of the work is made up of small, light formal gestures, unemphatic in tone and socially engaged, though in an unperturbed way that accommodates friendliness and wit.
After all, he has promised elderly voters to protect the highly redistributive Medicare program , which would remain highly redistributive, or become more so, under proposals by his running mate, Representative Paul D. Ryan, for restructuring Medicare.
Mr. Ponce was poor when he moved to the United States from Mexico in 1989 and, after a few years of doing manual labor and saving money, he started a small tortilla-making vending business in New York.
In recent years, however, the pool of potential participants has broadened.
The next owner had carved up the space, though, so Mr. McCarthy was unaware of the building’s art world provenance.
“I am extremely disappointed that President Obama has decided to reject the Keystone XL pipeline that is expected to create 20,000 jobs and lessen our dependence on oil from hostile sources,” Mr. Whitfield said in a statement.
Among the reporters was a small contingent of Libyan journalists.
No dates for the trials were set, but the men were summoned to appear for pretrial hearings in September.
Also on the list is Rob Portman , the senator from Ohio, who has become very close to Mr. Romney and knows a spreadsheet: he was director of the Office of Management and Budget under President Bush.
“I am the daughter of the couple played by Jean-Louis Trintignant and Emmanuelle Riva, but the film is really about the couple,” she said.
In 1991 Congress set aside $55 million for repairing and repainting the bridge, after no small petitioning by Mr. Vallone’s father, Peter F. Vallone Sr., who was his predecessor in the Council seat and was at the time the Council speaker.
Their participation brought a vivid realism to the performances of Rossi’s sacred madrigals, which were presented in an evocative reconstruction by Joshua Jacobson that places Rossi’s polyphonic settings alongside the ancient Jewish Italian melodies that would have been used in Mantua.
One answer is the X1’s old-school steering, which has no electric motors to filter out road feel.
PELHAM The Picture House “The Salt of Life,” directed by Gianni Di Gregorio.
“The best massage I ever had was in the Portland airport,” said Ms. Werner, who is a licensed massage therapist and author of a widely used textbook.
Jonathan Kent, the production’s director, said that Ms. Staunton was distinctive for “an ebullience of spirit that is slightly undercut by a melancholy.” Such is the tenor of her highly physical performance from her first song, “Worst Pies in London,” a fast-paced, self-deprecating ode to her culinary output.
What downtown life they possess gets overwhelmed by the security rigmarole.
In many cases, reporters and campaign officials have found that the ads have reached the point of diminishing returns.
After receiving those complaints, Goldman put Mr. Hadden on paid leave in 2009.
The charges carry a sentence of one to three years in prison and a $25,000 fine.
Colleagues in highly Republican districts “put up bills that make them look tough back home,” he said, “and that makes for tough votes.” He recalled another freshman lawmaker, from a safe district in Indiana, who criticized him for “voting like a Democrat.” “I said, ‘I’ve got to vote my district, thank you very much!’ ” said Mr. Schilling, who punctuates most of his sentences with a blinding smile, a hearty laugh and “Oh, my goodness!” Nice try, local Democrats say.
After methodically marching down the field on their first drive, L.S.U.
He did not have to.
The bank has intervened sporadically in government bond markets since 2010 but has not bought any government bonds since March and only relatively modest amounts since Mr. Draghi took office in November.
They have no illusions that computing is a silver bullet for the economy or a sure-fire path to riches.
“That was 12 years ago and they haven’t had a single woman partner since.” Kleiner, whatever its problems, actually hired women.
When you’ve lost control of the board, given up more than half the seats, the combination of that and hitting a new stage in the venture means the chances you’re going to get fired are heightened dramatically.
Mr. Thomas is one of the most engaged and gregarious participants in the group, frequently leading workshops on interviews and interpersonal skills.
Beyond just seeing the Taliban, the aerostats deter them, too, making ambushes rarer along routes in their view, the Americans say.
Commodities customers do not have a safety net should their money go missing, unlike bank customers, whose deposits are insured by the Federal Deposit Insurance Corporation .
COHEN--Arthur, artist, died at home in Manhattan on June 4, 2012.
The film involves a highly-choreographed dance number, and Mr. Cooper seemed game to reprise it, if an awards show producer asked.
In July 1945, two months after VE Day, the German submarine U-530 appeared at the Argentine naval base of Mar del Plata.
The financial upside of all this is not yet quantifiable.
Mr. Cutforth said: “That was the first thing we saw where it was like, ‘No matter what, we have to make this work because it’s so intimate and intense.’ You just can’t believe you’re there.” Luckily for them Ms. Perry agreed.
SLEEPY HOLLOW Philipsburg Manor Pinkster Festival, drumming, dance, African folk tales and more.
Tuesdays through Fridays, 10 a.m. to 4:30 p.m.; Saturdays and Sundays, noon to 5 p.m. Jane Voorhees Zimmerli Art Museum, 71 Hamilton Street.
Do they not know how easy it is to get hooked on nicotine and how challenging it can be to escape this addiction?
Unless, that is, Terry is exposing his own confused sexuality by suggestively wrestling with Brad on the couch or compulsively slapping his rear end.
“Unlike anyone else, we are supplying every layer in the stack” of technology that makes up cloud computing, Mr. Hurd said in an interview.
It is to be amazed, thrilled, bored, inconvenienced, confused, enervated, exhausted, and inspired.
All I remembered was being on the ground, surrounded by five Kenyon Martins.
But the machine the Texans built to accomplish all of that doesn’t work the same way for every part of its population.
But even that arrangement created some controversy, as rumors flew in the state’s political circles about a feud between Mr. Bloomberg and Mr. Cuomo over which selection the governor had been asked to read.
To blame providers for poor oral health is to avoid placing blame where it belongs, on the makers of decay-causing foods and the parents who neglect their children’s preventive oral health.
Mr. Ross denied that the catalyst for his firm’s new executive duties was difficulties in fund-raising.
“Unfortunately, the development of Azerbaijan, holding such a grand event as Eurovision, the arrival of many guests here, are perceived by some with jealousy,” Mr. Abdullayev said.
Others return to conflict areas for private firms or as humanitarian de-miners, clearing roads, oil fields, farmland and homes of the lethal remnants of war.
Those descendants include children of Richard and Rhoda Goldman, now deceased.
State and Port Authority officials insist that they have no desire to run the museum or to diminish the contributions of the foundation.
“That population presents great opportunities for health plans,” Ms. Finley said.
That math ignores Democratic wild cards in Arizona, Indiana and Nevada, where Representative Shelley Berkley, a Democrat, has a shot at snatching a Republican Senate seat away from Dean Heller.
Now let’s be who you are, and let’s figure out how you move.’ ” For Catherine Carlos, 11, dancing with her hair down is a sacrifice she’s willing to make.
“Les Misérables” is rated PG-13 (Parents strongly cautioned).
“I have to find a way to get a piece of Nash’s shot.
Paris, which has the second largest system, has 20,600 bikes available — almost as much as all North American cities once New York’s system is up and pedalling.
On Wednesday morning, Mr. Christie gave much higher prominence to Mr. Romney, the Republican presidential nominee, in a personal account of how Mr. Romney and his wife, Ann, visited the Christies’ New Jersey home in October and won his early endorsement.
(Smith) ‘Arpita Singh’ (through Jan. 5) Arpita Singh, who was born in West Bengal in 1937 and has long lived in New Delhi, makes an infrequent New York appearance with this small, fine show of recent watercolors.
The husband was waking up every hour screaming.
Would it take any more to turn me into a fashion brand?
Prices range from $5,500 to $6,500 a month (depending on how high up you are) for a 950-square-foot one-bedroom, to $9,000 for a 1,700-square-foot three-bedroom three-bath.
O.K., I’ll give you one: lint-free surgical huck towels — they’re super cheap and better than what you’ll get anywhere else.” Dan Kluger, ABC Kitchen executive chef: “A sharp knife and a microplane.
“You still want to be in the world, making a mark on the world.” The documentary, shown at the Sundance Film Festival , follows several others by Mr. Greenfield-Sanders, including a Grammy-winning film about the rocker Lou Reed and, more controversially, “The Black List,” a three-part series on HBO examining the lives of accomplished African-Americans, among them Faye Wattleton, the former president of Planned Parenthood, and Vernon Jordan, the civil rights activist and presidential adviser.
He seems, in many of these pictures and in my childhood (or perhaps childish) memory, a man apart from others, even in a crowd — and there are some great shots of Jack on his campaign amid adoring, reaching voters.
“It’s like a brotherhood — we have lot of students who come back afterwards, just to hang out, because they feel comfortable,” Mr. Gogia said in his office, a nook adjoining the classroom and adorned with commendations from local organizations.
I only urge that you don’t take the gay out of your ceremony or worry if some aspect is not traditional enough for everyone.
And what will you do then?
Bardavon Opera House, 35 Market Street.
The Council of Graduate Schools, a membership organization for institutions of higher education in the United States and Canada , based its findings on an annual survey of American graduate schools.
The result would be a fundamental change in institutions that would make Europe a very different place.
U.S. gamers spend much less than Asians, but their expenditure is growing faster.
June 9 at 8:30 p.m. $20 and $25.
There have been sharp twists in diplomatic relations between the United States and China this year.
That’s what we did in the end.” Croatia could have reached the quarterfinals with a victory.
These will require more than the handful of parliamentary seats that the opposition is likely to gain on Sunday.
That was down from 16 percent growth in the fourth quarter of 2010.
KENNETH J. DAVIS Scotch Plains, N.J., Jan. 10, 2012 To the Editor: Re “ Please Hold the Cheese ,” by Frank Bruni (column, Jan. 10), pointing out the hypocrisy-saturated Republican primary race: It would be a public service to publish a hypocrisy index (think of Newt Gingrich and family-values advocacy, or Mitt Romney and job creation).
The city’s dogs walked right up to an east side entrance of Central Park, saw the fence and could not fathom why they – and their owners – were not allowed in.
Representatives of Mr. Kerry and Ambassador Rice declined to comment on their prospects, while the White House said it would not comment on personnel deliberations.
This year is no exception.
It was one of the only times that it occurred to him that having prosthetic lower limbs may confer some advantage.
“The uncertainty surrounding economic prospects has weighed on the psychology of corporate leaders and investors, negatively impacting the current operating environment in two principal ways.” Mr. Viniar said corporations were conducting less business and stock exchange volumes had dropped.
It is, I suppose, the most basic kind of everyday ethical problem: if there is an established social order (where the rules are universally understood), is it ever O.K.
Providing affordable housing to our faculty in university-owned apartment towers in Greenwich Village is one of the ways we help build a sense of community.
We’re given small clues so we can plan the arcs of our characters, but there are definitely moments we don’t know about until the day before the table read.
(Why are there commas after ''gay'' and ''bespectacled'' but not ''celebrated''?
With every prerequisite completed, Robinson was named the keynote speaker for the Big Ten luncheon.
But savings from waste tend to be hard to achieve.
“This is the stuff that you would expect any industry to do,” said Christopher Gindlesperger, a spokesman for the American Beverage Association.
Only four pacers born in the last 40 years have won more races than Tattler’s Jet, but last week it looked as if he, after 460 starts, might miss his final chance to win one more.
In the political arena, Mr. Adelson is perhaps best known as a hawkish defender of Israel .
Lack of distribution was cited as one of the causes for that network’s demise; similarly, supporters of Current have said that it is too hard to find on cable.
Mr. Hodgson’s relations with labor in general and with George Meany, president of the A.F.L.-C.I.O., were cool at best.
“It felt like I was running through the jungle out here,” Jones said.
Fifth, not quite everyone who eats organic is rich.
It seemed a time of healing.
Mr. Fogarty was merely trying to drive you all crazy, so please send all angry e-mails to him care of the University of Kentucky, where he currently resides.
Indeed, what I noticed over the course of several short jaunts, hub-to-hub hauls and cross-country treks was that the airlines’ gutting of almost all niceties from economy class seems to have had a perverse effect on first.
Since closing the hedge fund, Mr. Ganek has kept a low profile on Wall Street.
This may sound like another Brooklyn success story, but Sanchez is operating out of Sunshine Bronx, an ambitious new development in Hunts Point, a neighborhood known for unemployment and rampant prostitution.
Along with the huge job growth, the state has the third-highest proportion of hourly jobs paying at or below minimum wage.
(Rapold) ★ ‘The Kid With a Bike’ (No rating, 1:27, in French) A quietly rapturous film from the Belgian brothers Jean-Pierre and Luc Dardenne about love and redemption and the 11-year-old throwaway (Thomas Doret) who finds hope and a new life with a stranger (Cécile de France).
The ruling by United States District Court Judge Eldon E. Fallon followed a similar decision on Aug. 31 by a state judge in Florida.
While primary voters were almost evenly divided on the issue, those who supported the bailout were no more likely to back Mr. Santorum over Mr. Romney.
We thought back then that the era of deep sea and space exploration had begun.
Awkwardly interspersed with this story line is an extended monologue by Vivian, a black teenage girl ambling through the turmoil.
When I arrived at 8:30, a group called Bhakti Band was onstage, singing yoga chants over a deafening rock beat.
Roger Sherman Baldwin Park, 100 Arch Street.
Not everyone, however, is so pessimistic.
Enrollment is about 300 at Laning Avenue, the largest of the four.
MSG Plus’s monthly subscriber fee stands at $2.28.
Slower economic growth, spiraling health care costs and the increasing average age of the population are contributing to stress on this intergenerational contract.
The San Diego private consortium went bankrupt in 2010.
Greene rushed for 181 yards in the Jets’ last two games, enabling the team to hold on to the ball longer.
Mr. Smith will choose the films and take them on the road for special screenings, much like he did with his last film “Red State.” The label plans to release four films theatrically each year, while others will be distributed through video on demand.
The filmmaker Cheryl Dunn captured the magic.
The proposed guide would also encourage consumers to ask if the car can be inspected by an independent mechanic before purchase, add information about defects common to systems listed on the guide and encourage buyers to get all promises in writing.
The newest option is to be certified as a B Corp, or benefit corporation.
I started off my Special Forces career as a sergeant, but later I got my commission and a degree in Russian area studies and Russian language.
Daily, 9 a.m. to 5 p.m.
That said, there’s another reason to be less than ecstatic about the jobs that are being created.
But Steve Mariotti took away something more valuable: the germ of an idea.
“It wasn’t a literal interpretation, but the painting was in our subconscious,” Churtichaga says.
A day earlier, residents of Homs told The Times by telephone that there had been no pause in the shelling of contested neighborhoods by government forces.
Because of this, fields needed to be manicured so that the area behind the plate was even and smooth, intended to produce uniform bounces.
Now, in the span of a year since his agony at Augusta, so much in McIlroy’s life has changed, from breaking up with his longtime girlfriend to dating the Danish tennis star Caroline Wozniacki to firing and hiring agents.
suites, who took home the largest share of the compensation.
to close the Properties box and apply the new settings.
Then the Postal Service, which uses no taxpayer money, can focus on adapting to society’s evolving needs while continuing to provide the industrial world’s most affordable delivery service.
The next day, West 57th Street was cordoned off, and Mr. Coyne said the police were not allowing anyone south of 59th Street.
It is desert country to be sure — vast, empty and gorgeous, but with dramatic hills and canyons that bested (though actually not by that much) the scenes both on Ranch Road 2810 and at the state park.
But in the mid-1950s Ms. Tanning broke from the mirrorlike precision of narrative Surrealism to take up what she called her “prism” paintings, later renamed “Insomnias.” These are enigmatic canvases in which bodies and body parts, barely discernible visages and biomorphic forms float in dream spaces generated by fractured planes and diaphanous scrims.
For obvious reasons, that conspicuous indifference seriously calls into question the role that ''humanitarianism'' actually played here.
Lacy accumulated 181 rushing yards and scored 2 touchdowns.
For a worker with annual earnings of $50,000, the payroll tax holiday would increase take-home pay by $1,000 over the course of the year.
New York’s proposed natural gas development regulations for the Marcellus Shale — potentially the world’s second largest natural gas field — are forward-leaning and aim to ensure that these abundant, clean-burning resources are safely developed, proving, as President Obama has said, “that we don’t have to choose between our environment and our economy.” Indeed, United States carbon dioxide emissions are now at a 20-year low, according to the Energy Information Administration.
“What you think of as a book today — the kind of linear narrative — that doesn’t go away,” Mr. Bezos said.
Brain scans show synchrony between the brains of mother and child; but what they can’t show is the internal bond that belongs to neither alone, a fusion in which the self feels so permeable it doesn’t matter whose body is whose.
Mr. Chevallard’s flair for flash doesn’t end here; he says he plans to include the reflective material in future collections.
“I professionally believe that this goes to strengthen the aspirations of the people, who exercise their right to vote to elect a better government.
People knew all the words to my songs.” Terrence Orlando Callier (pronounced CAL-yur) was born in Chicago on May 24, 1945.
Theater EAST HADDAM Goodspeed Opera House “Carousel,” musical by Richard Rodgers and Oscar Hammerstein II.
Asked if it was possible that his virus could be passed around among laboratories for further work while Dr. Fouchier’s virus ought to be more highly restricted, he said, “That judgment has to be made in discussions with the international scientific community.” After reading Dr. Kawaoka’s commentary, Dr. Fouchier said it appeared that Dr. Kawaoka’s virus was less lethal than the one he created, although he reiterated that he did not think what he had created was as dangerous as it had been portrayed.
For example, Lia received a scholarship from Asphalt Green Unified Aquatics, a Manhattan nonprofit whose mission is to help people achieve health through sports and fitness, and her school, Convent of the Sacred Heart in Manhattan, also contributed money to help defray the costs of training.
Dr. Kaiser said that when utility companies fixate on overhead savings, the biggest benefit — helping customers save water and money — is missed.
“Mine is a medicinal concept,” he added, “and they are not producing beautiful medicinal drinks.” But Ms. Tierney, a former co-owner and the managing partner in Apothéke, said that “we feel strong in our position,” though she declined to comment on the specifics of the case.
Productions, some of the game’s biggest stars talked about which hitters in baseball are the most intimidating to face.
“Everybody on those Web sites kept saying stuff that wasn’t true and saying, ‘Why wasn’t this person arrested?
Once mothers go back to work, there are few places where they can pump milk for later use.
“I was a hero for getting there in a hurry,” The Associated Press quoted him as telling the court.
Smith will be joined by forward Chris Copeland as the only players likely to enter camp without a guaranteed contract.
If the junta does not do a better job of supporting a democratic transition, the Obama administration will have a hard time certifying that Egypt meets new Congressional conditions for $2 billion in annual American aid, most of which goes to the army.
Bob Kravitz at The Indianapolis Star said Zeller showed his “N.B.A.
The Arizona law requires state law enforcement officials to determine the immigration status of people they stop or arrest if officials have reason to believe they might be illegal immigrants.
For users with virtually no experience, “The Internet Companion: A Beginner’s Guide to Global Networking,” by Trady LaQuey and Jeanne C. Ryer, is also worthwhile (Addison-Westley, $10.95).
This Jay says a private insurer will cost $500 more a month than my employer.
But I can say with a good deal of confidence that there are many factors that Upwardly Mobile’s survey has not taken into account.
Dec. 16, 10 a.m. to 2 p.m. Matthew Stevens Group, jazz.
Mayo Performing Arts Center, 100 South Street.
SHERMAN--Mira Gutman, 88, Media, PA, formerly of New York.
Trading by large hedge funds and investment firms focused less on deals and more on gathering market intelligence about developments at companies that would impact quarterly earnings.
Ms. McCarty, a former certified public accountant, started researching the application process at the Veterans Affairs site, but, she said, “the VeteranAid.org site was much clearer.” She found all the forms she needed, and her father-in-law received the first check in record time — six months.
Months before MF Global filed for bankruptcy, regulators raised concerns about the firm’s $6 billion bet on European sovereign debt.
The North’s official Korean Central News Agency said, “The leaflets are a most undisguised act of psychological warfare, a violation of the armistice and an intolerable act of war.” It urged South Koreans to leave the targeted area.
Similarly, another commenter wrote : Lots of kids can’t afford to support themselves for a year without education because they actually derive financial benefits from being a student, whether it be the ability to take out loans that displace expenses for living or an existence in a town that has the amenities that their hometown doesn’t.
Varitek made the announcement Thursday night at the team’s spring training facility in Fort Myers, Fla.
For all we know, others may be lining up to take their turn at pursuing Inspector Bologna in the courts.
In actuality, it’s something that’s a great idea for couples who want to include more and more people in the wedding.” Brian Beitler, an executive vice president and the chief marketing officer of the David’s Bridal chain, attributes the growing numbers of those who want to put on a show, for loved ones as well as total strangers, to the proliferation of wedding-dance videos on YouTube and an increasing tolerance for an open digital presence.
In the whoosh of one pre-deadline trade, Blake Geoffrion went from a relatively obscure young player in Nashville to a prodigy upholding a proud legacy in Montreal.
“People smell that out so easily.” Mrs. Obama’s image of a happy warrior is miles from the frustration she expressed, in response to a new biography by a New York Times reporter, Jodi Kantor, that she could be perceived as an “angry black woman.” In the interview Friday, Mrs. Obama acknowledged she has struggled at times with pessimism, watching her husband grapple with a faltering economy and the trials of Washington.
was Fritz LANG, Expressionist director of the beautifully Art Deco and political 1927 masterpiece Metropolis : Your thoughts?
So that has got to be the goal.
May 4 at 7:30 p.m. $17 and $20.
The Reagan-era tax reform law sharply reduced exemptions, lowered income tax rates and equalized taxation of unearned and earned income.
Two elderly men, stopped at a red light, were comparing their respective vehicles.
Also, while she has good people around her at Sander, she is a different designer today: much less doctrinaire, judging by this collection.
It was the Knicks’ second straight home loss to an inferior team, their fourth defeat in five games , and it elicited a torrent of boos.
Later in the episode we’re somehow treated to the sight of wolves devouring a deer carcass — from the vantage point of the carcass.
In Gabon, the situation is similar: violent protests against a family, the Bongos, that has ruled the small-scale petrostate for more than 40 years.
And proponents have used the most misleading screening statistic there is: survival rates.
LeBoeuf, by comparison, had steady earnings, reporting $174 million in net income in 2006 and $275 million in 2007.
And we’re still working on a Government Services Administration contract.
I had to name my three favorite picture books recently (for a revision of the book “Reading With Babies, Toddlers and Twos,” which I co-wrote with Susan Straub and Rachel Payne, that’s coming in April), and I chose the three I buy for baby showers: “Clap Hands,” “Everywhere Babies” and “Little Pea.” But if I had to pick just one — my desert island picture book, so to speak, I don’t think I’d go with any of those.
“I know it probably looked worse than it actually was.
“I don’t know,” Bay said.
After his discharge as a private first class, he studied philosophy at Columbia and graduated summa cum laude.
The analysis appeared online Wednesday in the journal Human Reproduction .
To the Editor: Nicholas D. Kristof writes, “Almost any time the question is poverty, the answer is children.” In reality, a child’s success is largely influenced by the education level of his parents.
Some would support me and some would support David.
All you can control is your performance.
Dion demonstrates those ideas mostly by representing the pre-existing.
I was in Ohio repeatedly, listening to members, knocking on doors, participating with members in the fight to repeal S.B.
But Jennette Newman, 85, said she couldn’t compromise, voting on Tuesday as a Democrat for the first time in a presidential primary.
On the other hand, with a little hustle, who says you couldn’t high-tail it from Lower Manhattan to the outer edge of Brooklyn and attend both?
R. John Nelson, a Roman Catholic priest, performed the ceremony at the Mandarin Oriental hotel.
He was also a volunteer firefighter with the Dix Hills Fire Department and an emergency medical technician.
Furthermore, some of the richest synapsid-bearing rocks in North America formed in lowland floodplain and coastal plain environments, much like the environment represented by the Pedra de Fogo.
“Their own overweight seems normal by comparison.” Now that health officials estimate that two out of every three adults in the United States are overweight, future generations may not see the difference, either.
“Gulf war syndrome is real,” he said, using the term for a constellation of symptoms.
But Timothy F. Geithner, the Treasury secretary, has consistently favored the tightened rules that Ms. Schapiro was advocating, and he persuaded the oversight board to leverage its new powers to push the S.E.C.
The ragtag band voted for officers, a common practice in the volunteer army.
Other survivors include a sister-in-law and husband, many nieces, nephews, great-nieces, and great-nephews.
Amazon is undercutting Apple’s 9.7-inch Pad by $200, shaving off a tiny bit of screen to bring the price down.
Indeed, Theda Skocpol and Vanessa Williamson report in their exceptionally informative book, “The Tea Party and the Remaking of Republican Conservatism,” more than a few Tea Partiers “dated their first political experience to the Goldwater campaign.” But there are important differences between the two movements.
(Performing and soliciting donations on a train, is, of course, illegal, though that hardly stops anyone determined to try to make a buck or two.)
“I know they can’t change the fact that their daughter started developing early, but they can change what happens downstream,” Louise Greenspan, the pediatric endocrinologist at Kaiser Permanente, told me.
“Put the ice right on your skin and see if you can reduce the inflammation.” For itchy bites like those from mosquitoes, Mr. Graedon recommends the hot water treatment.
SUELLEN HOY WALTER NUGENT Highland Park, Ill., May 16, 2012 To the Editor: As has been evident since President Obama was elected, the Republican Party believes that his defeat in November justifies all means.
He said he spoke with Mr. Romney earlier and said he was looking forward to engaging on the issues.
Next, show the slide show “Syrian Refugees Pour into Jordan” to provide students with a visual primer for the story that follows, which was reported from a refugee camp in a different location.
New York City Title I public schools — which have the highest percentage of children from low-income families – have been known to hold art classes in broom closets and to scrounge for art supplies.
may be their fear that the deal makers end up cutting the best deal for themselves, not shareholders.
We issue reports on matters we feel strongly about, which are posted on our Web site, nycbar.org/animal-law .
“By the time they have the technology to come here, they have the technology to do anything,” notes Jill Tarter, director of the Center for SETI Research .
I think it’s given more options for solutions.
Comcast, the country’s largest cable company, says it has no interest in offering Netflix to its Xfinity subscribers regardless of whether it’s in the form of an on-demand service or a billing partnership.
“It descended to the length of its tether, and that stopped the system,” Mr. Odum said.
Analysts forecast third-quarter earnings of S.& P. 500 companies will fall 2.3 percent from the year-earlier quarter, according to the latest Reuters data.
Mr. Zielinski asked her to teach him, and from that point on, “I was, like, addicted,” he said.
Arnold Matthew, who is managing the project, said that Pinnacle had taken steps to respect the neighboring property and was taken aback by the response.
“This is not a novel about a country; this is a novel about a culture which is shared between countries.” The book explores the lives of two characters, a pahalwan, or wrestler , and a courtesan, both dependent on ways of life that were destroyed by independence, both nearing the end of their lives in a city that is rapidly deteriorating.
You have to be positive if you’re all about the future.
The passing of Mao did not lead to power-sharing, it just stripped China of its Communist ideology, and no convincing value system has filled the gap, he said.
“We loved the building,” said Mr. Welcher, a delivery manager for a telecommunications company.
How did Stephan Feck flop?
I decided that the answer is yes, but it’s a close call.
We hoped to get a few dozen responses.
Another obstacle to implementation of text donations has been the lack of support from federal regulators and other states.
Jennifer Jones hosted Ms. Erice and a gaggle of neighborhood children in Gowanus, Brooklyn, to bake oatmeal cookies — with and without chocolate chips.
— Matthew Mehalik, Sustainable Pittsburgh Hard study of the numbers gives one “a sobering pause,” said H. Scott Matthews , a professor of civil and environmental engineering who co-authored the study with Rachel Hoesly , a doctoral student.
While Hurston’s plays include broad comedy and even some recasting of minstrel bits, the other evidence the authors cite (or don’t cite; there are no notes, just a list of sources) remains rather thin.
It had nothing to do with hockey.” Even today, the players look back on what they did and say it was a product of having to win to validate the kind of hockey they played, and their society’s ideology.
If the broker can tell you how many other apartments just like the one you’re looking at have sold in the last six months.
Federal prosecutors demanded a $1 billion fine for the company and 10-year prison sentences for the executives.
Mr. Perez said the campaign also had contracts with livery cab companies to pick up voters and drive them to the polls and back.
But the production’s most starkly moving image is a silent one: the gradual disassembling of the house sitting at center stage.
The seventh, Memphis in 2009, lost in the regional semifinals.
Zoë J. Dolan, who represents on appeal a man convicted last year in a bomb plot at Kennedy Airport, also brings another skill: she spent two years living in the Middle East and is proficient in Arabic.
Now it’s just a matter of getting reps.” Same with Santana, a two-time Cy Young Award winner who is working his way back from shoulder surgery that cost him all of 2011.
But when several years had gone by and they still hadn’t laid down any tracks, they invited another childhood friend, Tavahn Ghazi, to help make it happen.
It would also allow them to iron out details with Parcells.
Although I never determined which servers were related and which were merely in the wrong line of work, there were moments at Almayass when I understood why there are laws against nepotism.
New Jersey should want to be Oregon, not vice versa.
The process of recruiting by companies taken for granted elsewhere is not well developed in the kingdom.
“We can start building around their work.” There was a kind of bleakly fortuitous stroke of luck in the Habitat capital project, Mr.
Ozone accumulates throughout the Asian winter and early spring.
Others have suggested that they could skirt the law by offering the foie gras free (with $20 glasses of wine).
For President Obama , evangelist of hope and change, it’s not easy to confront an election season with so little of either.
Serious scholars certainly have other work to fill their time while they wait 24 hours for a requested book from off-site storage.
Minnesota Metropolitan Wastewater System, $215.9 million of general obligation bonds.
On Wednesday, it disclosed two new investigations .
He knew a place where they regularly roosted.
I didn’t walk into Osha until I happened upon it after Elaine’s had closed, and yet I never would have found it had it not been for Elaine’s.
Adding to the jitters was a report from Federal Reserve Bank of Richmond indicated that manufacturing in the central Atlantic region was contracting.
In December, a group of retired military officers filed an amicus brief expressing concern that “persons engaging in shocking behavior that the U.S. military does not itself tolerate for its own members have broad impunity from accountability.” The alleged behavior, it’s worth remembering, really was “shocking,” as the retired military officers put it.
lost to T.C.U., 102-97 (OT), lost to New Mexico, 65-45.
In that event, unless or until FIFA decides to introduce a computer chip on the goal line, we must all live with the oldest rule in the soccer book: that the referee’s decision is final.
“We weren’t prepared for that level of we-demand-more pushback,” Mr. Palen said.
The social and legal status of these minorities has been declining since partition from India in 1947.
Their departure ended the three-week diplomatic impasse that had threatened to sour relations between the two governments.
The report, which is scheduled to be released on Tuesday, said that even if schools are already under investigation for issuing documents for illegal visas, the customs agency does not have the authority to stop them from issuing more.
The economic contraction won’t happen immediately.
Puppetworks is now celebrating the archetypal clever cat — the hero of “Puss in Boots” — in this production, adapted for marionettes by Adam Kilgour and closing on Saturday.
“To be honest, I didn’t ever think I would be back here,” said Gait, who coached the Colorado Mammoth of the National Lacrosse League in 2006 and 2007.
He tossed in loops of pickled pig skins.
In fact, most people with Alzheiemr’s that I see in my clinic are very fit and have lead healthy lives.
Why did Nike abandon Armstrong and not Tiger Woods or Kobe Bryant ?
By now, it’s obvious that I’m not antinog.
The CBOE Volatility Index, Wall Street’s “fear gauge,” rose 5.4 percent to 20.08.
They are the cause of infections, of diseases.
Those stock quotations scurrying by on CNBC are, for many, the pulse of American capitalism.
The Met’s Astor Court, which serves as the exhibition’s de facto centerpiece, is modeled on a section of the city’s Garden of the Master of the Fishing Nets, which dates from the Ming era (1368-1644).
In this case, profit is reaped by avoiding waste and overspending.
During this so-called Classic Period, generations of kings and their queens ruled around 70 interconnected but autonomous cities, some of which supported up to 70,000 citizens.
Mr. Walters pleaded guilty before Judge Nina Gershon in Federal District Court in Brooklyn to one count of racketeering conspiracy and one count of bribery.
The size of the market is also attracting mobile phone operators which smell a second chance after losing out to Apple and Google in selling apps to smartphone users.
But that has been no match for the opposition.
Mr. Ahmadinejad’s appearance would be the first time since the 1979 revolution that the Parliament successfully compelled testimony from a president, The Associated Press reported.
A pilot for a reality show featuring the tour company, also called “ Slice of Brooklyn ,” had its premiere on the Travel channel on Wednesday.
Once I was supposed to make a toast to a dear friend in front of two dozen people and couldn’t.
The new user tool is delivered from SAS software that runs on an industry-standard blade server, with the hardware typically supplied by partners, Hewlett-Packard and Dell.
“I don’t think that Mayor Quan is weighing the big picture — the small amount of destruction caused by these autonomous people that may or may not be part of Occupy Oakland, versus the kind of destruction against the environment, working people and poor people,” said Wendy Kenin, 40, a spokeswoman for Occupy Oakland.
There were also ditties by reputable composers, including Henry Purcell (“A Farewell to Wives”), Thomas Weelkes (“Three Virgin Nymphs”) and John Eccles (“My Man John Had a Thing That Was Long”).
One cabinet change that appeared to have widespread support was the return of David Laws, a Liberal Democrat who served briefly as a treasury minister after the coalition was formed in 2010, but resigned after 17 days in a controversy over claims in his parliamentary expenses for rent paid to his gay partner.
The evidence for that — the money the candidates are able to raise — can be found just one step down the ballot, where voters find the names of potential judges for the Texas Court of Criminal Appeals.
Still, he speculated wistfully that his newfound cheerfulness was not his authentic self, which he described as brooding and creative.
That is expected to be down to about 64 percent by 2020, and the share of younger workers is also expected to decline, in part because more people will choose to seek higher education.
Not only should they probably have unisex names, since there’s no way to tell little boy hawks from little girl hawks, but it will most likely be impossible to tell the two juveniles apart at all.
“My attitude is what’s funny.” Mr. Stern said he would almost surely disappoint any watchdog seeking signs of how he might degrade the show.
Now as the president prepares to begin his second term, the secretary is stepping down, bone weary, according to aides, and ready for an extended rest after nearly a million miles of globe-trotting.
BOAS--Francoise, age 80, passed away peacefully at home on May 20, 2012, after a long illness.
In the recession, such partnerships have become more valued as some programming innovations become a harder sell.
The tables in the restaurant, a high-ceilinged box in wood and brick with seats inside and out, are fitted with little metal sockets for cantilevered pizza stands.
When the former Massachusetts governor, in a primaries victory speech on Tuesday night, accused President Barack Obama of “laying the foundation for a new government-centered society,” there is little doubt he had the European model in mind.
Mr. Kerrey, a former Nebraska governor and senator who left office a dozen years ago to run the New School in Manhattan, has responded with nearly half a million dollars in commercials of his own.
“The first steps are zoning, architects, assembling financing,” said Mary Ann Villari, the managing director of the group.
After about 45 minutes (edited from this video) hunger pangs must have kicked in and she began to pick at the carcass.
Because Temi repeated her junior year, it took her three years.
Speaking of Peterhansel’s team, Gordon said Minis were “cars for girls.” After winning a late stage, Gordon lambasted race officials for disqualifying his result on an earlier stage after he was suspected of running an illegal tire-inflation system.
He graduated from Emory University.
The Los Angeles Dodgers, by then under new ownership, could try to bring him home to Southern California and pair him with Clayton Kershaw.
After high school, she said, “that’s kind of when my life went — ” she made a screeching sound like a rocket veering out of control.
When mentioned in China, which is rarely, bad weather or Russian treachery are usually blamed for this disaster, and both are knowledgeably dismissed by Yang.
He is Pozdnyshev -- not Pozdynyshev, although that spelling is used in the stage adaptation now at La MaMa in the East Village, which was cited in the article.
Whoever that is, is decided by you.
But the interview was conducted before a number of notable developments in the Syria conflict — particularly a worsening of Syria’s relations with Turkey last Friday, when Syrian gunners shot down a Turkish fighter jet off the Mediterranean coast.
That’s how I lost the codex.
(The Ward Wonders are not to be confused with the Wonders, who played basketball.)
In 1787, the “ bundle of compromises ” that created the Constitution repeatedly balanced small states’ prerogatives with those of big ones.
Nichols directed the Tony Award-winning revival of her third husband’s play, “Death of a Salesman.” I interviewed him for a BBC radio show based on a column I wrote for The Times about how we have devolved from Marilyn’s aspirational attitude toward knowledge, in which she wanted to collect great books and meet authors and intellectuals — even marrying one — to Sarah Palin ’s anti-elitist scorn about reading and intellectuals.
The two men disliked each other almost from the start, Mr. Posnanski reports, and he adds new detail about this uneasy relationship.
Mr. Akhtar first contemplated “Disgraced” when he saw his friend Firdous Bamji in a reading as Hamlet, the kind of role rarely afforded South Asians in America.
But, she said, “It doesn’t change the fact that we would consider a satellite launch a violation not only of their U.N. obligations but of the commitments they made to us.” North Korea’s maneuvers are its first diplomatic gambit since Kim Jong-un took power after the death of his father, Kim Jong-il, in December.
“They are losing the narrative.” Again and again on her trip, Mrs. Clinton pressed for deepening economic ties, saying — in what was widely interpreted as a swipe at China — that the United States does not simply want to export the continent’s bountiful raw materials and pocket the proceeds back home; it seeks a partnership that will bring broad benefits to all Africans.
“Online students can see videos of all the brick-and-mortar classes,” said Joshua D. Blank, faculty director of the graduate tax program, which has been available online since 2008.
As if the boys are not inspiring enough, one student’s older brother also has worked to make his life more meaningful; he helps operate the Afghan Culture House , a Hazara-run center that serves as a restaurant, Internet cafe, art exhibit, cinema, training center, and library for all Afghans.
A picture of him on the roof of our building with an umbrella subtitled “dreaming of you in the rain with me.” A link to a Patsy Cline song.
Once, in pursuit of an old gem from the mines of Golconda , he drove through the deeply potholed roads of the impoverished state of Bihar, risking automotive disaster and highway robbery, to reach the palace of an erstwhile nobleman.
Décor in this moderate-size space befits a dead aunt’s conservatory, and hews to well-worn tropes: Edison bulbs in birdcages, gold wallpaper, a crystal chandelier.
Beef thenthuk ($6.99), a dish from the nomads on the austere steppe of Amdo, has a mellower broth that clings to gristly cuts of meat and raggedy noodles that have been stretched and torn by hand, with a texture close to dumpling skins.
“It is a message that this regime is deeply infiltrated,” he said.
Find a safe haven in salads , which are crisp and carefully made.
Profit from continuing operations was $1.62 to $1.66 a share, the company, which is based in Bellevue, Wash., said on Thursday.
He has 62 receiving yards and no touchdowns in his last two games and a breakout against the Cowboys’ fourth-ranked pass defense seems hard to imagine right now.
Now the two are facing off in a runoff on July 31, and the notion that an unanointed movement conservative could beat an Austin powerhouse is sending shock waves through the State Capitol and beyond.
We believe that when a family can no longer be tricked into signing a mortgage they can’t afford, that family is protected, but so is the value of other people’s homes, and so is the entire economy.
And Dr. Samuel Gandy, an Alzheimer’s researcher who directs the Mount Sinai Center for Cognitive Health, called the finding the most significant in the field in two decades, since researchers first reported a mutation that leads to the disease.
The survey , conducted by The MassINC Polling Group for WBUR, found Mr. Brown leading a series of potential Democratic opponents for the Senate seat by margins ranging from seven percentage points (against Mr. Patrick) to 27 (against Representative Stephen Lynch).
“The fact is, we’re tiny.
In her cubicle on a recent Monday, she sees the intimacies of students’ study routines — or lack of them — from the last activity they worked on to how many tries they made at each end-of-lesson quiz.
Season to taste with salt and freshly ground pepper.
$177,00012 Jacks Pond Road, Oranger 2 f 2 h 0 o 5 weeks34-year-old raised ranch; aluminumsiding, dining room, eat-in kitchen,guest suite w/kitchen in basement,1-car garage, 0.5-acre lot; taxes$4,375; listed at $183,000.
Curry-Laced Moules à la Marinière With Fresh Peas: These are classic wine-steamed mussels, but the broth is seasoned with a little curry powder.
The need to compromise is no more.
Later Mr. Campbell, still a studio player, found a copy of the recording and decided to give it a spin.
Nonetheless, experts hope it will eventually be possible to manufacture cocktails with large doses of several kinds of antibodies to treat patients — or even to induce the immune system to make those particular antibodies, which would amount to a vaccine.
“I work with a lot of Jewish clients, and we called it a Sabbath miracle,” Ms. Lumagui said.
John Dinnage, who operates a small clothing store and volunteers on the local community council, insisted that relations between the travelers and the other residents of Rathkeale were largely cordial.
Bruce Springsteen, the E Street Band and a string section opened the show with his muscular new single, a militant plea for compassion as a kind of patriotism: “We Take Care of Our Own.” Nicki Minaj, though shut out of rap Grammys by Kanye West with and without Jay-Z, performed the world premiere of her “Roman Holiday” in a full-tilt production number like a Broadway adaptation of “The Exorcist.” Paul McCartney (whose reissue of “Band on the Run” won best historical album) crooned “My Valentine,” an affectionate ballad from his latest album, with Diana Krall on piano and Joe Walsh on guitar.
He has made two trips into Manhattan, riding the 7 train from his hotel in Queens.
Nine months ago, the Mannheim-based Center for European Economic Research, after much German talk of the onset of a “golden German decade,” began to pick up signs of a significant German slump at the same time as Ms. Merkel was saying “We’re the locomotive again.” Wolfgang Franz, chairman of the chancellor’s independent economic advisory board, replied, “There are no more locomotives.” He told me then there was nothing new in the economy to indicate a long sweep of economic growth since Germany had “basically spent its structural reforms of 2005.” This year, the O.E.C.D.
Fluffy, repetitive and not nearly funny enough, “Mansome” features some token Spurlock showmanship.
Research published last year that analyzed health data on more than 100,000 nurses in the United States over nearly a quarter-century found a strong correlation between weight gain and consumption of sugar-sweetened beverages and desserts.
Early on a chilly March morning, my iPhone alarm clock sounded.
Oct. 20 and 21, 11 a.m. to 3 p.m. Stamford Museum and Nature Center, 39 Scofieldtown Road.
But health experts know that testing can make a huge difference in safe deliveries and healthy infants.
“But I think in the long run it will be good, because something needed to be done.” She added: “I wanted to clean up cycling.
A high-ranking official close to the president confirmed that Mr. Saleh would return to Yemen after his treatment.
But what it’s really about is empathy.
Former manager Jerry Manuel said: “We can’t afford to watch him pitch left-handed.
But he argued that in some respects the fight had already been waged and won by the energized grass-roots forces that have shaped the contours of Republican politics in recent elections.
Prince Chun, the former Regent, and Prince Ching were closeted all the afternoon [Jan. 15] with Yuan-Shih-Kai discussing the terms of the abdication.
He joined Newsweek’s staff in 1986, then, during the early 1990s, he transitioned from photojournalism to film, advertising and corporate work.
To be sure, Sergei Sergeyevich can assist a totally silent interlocutor with his far-from-gentle fists.
Banks entered the financial crisis of 2008 with woefully inadequate capital, so one aim of the financial-system overhaul is to strengthen this loss buffer.
It’s sketchier when it comes to employment contracts, but the same law applies: you can’t sue the state unless the state says you can.
It’s up to you.’ ” After beating the Mets in extra innings Tuesday, Johnson gushed about Harper’s game-tying triple but seemed just as proud of Moore, who had homered, and Lombardozzi, who had doubled.
“We’re looking at a specific window in which Sulzer is putting together the Vienna rite,” Ms. Berkson, a soft-spoken 35-year-old, explained in an interview last week in the back room at Barbès, a Park Slope, Brooklyn, club where she often performs.
The rowing and canoe sprint competitions for the London Games are being held here at the Eton Dorney facility, and every race offers a scene distinctive from anything at the other 2012 Olympic locations: as the athletes glide across the water, a swarm of coaches follows alongside on a parallel concrete path, pedaling as their charges paddle, with only a thin strip of grass separating them.
But the people who deserve credit for making things better are people like Tom who build a place like this and employ people in this great state.” (He was referring to Tom Neppl, the chief executive of Springs Fabrication, where Mr. Romney held his rally.)
Just moments after the Giants returned to their locker room — as guard Chris Snee ripped off his athletic tape and linebacker Mathias Kiwanuka headed for the showers — word came that the Chicago Bears had beaten the Detroit Lions, ensuring for the Giants that their season will be remembered for two atrocious performances in December instead of another surge in January.
“That doesn’t mean isolating the military from politics, which is what Mubarak did by not sounding them out on political matters.
To the Editor: I applaud Prof. Susan J. Lambert for raising issues that are among the most crucial facing mothers in the workplace today.
The priests, who have been removed from ministry and may ultimately be laicized, are among 26 who were placed on administrative leave after a 2011 grand jury report found that several dozen priests accused of abuse were still in active ministry.
So I do have a reverence for the power of games, as well as a deep suspicion.
Another analyst noted that sometime in the first 20 weeks, pregnant women loaded up on supplements like calcium , magnesium and zinc .
In this connection, he made significant contribution to the restoration of Twekoba (palace).
When tight end Martellus Bennett returned to the game after hyperextending his knee, Bradshaw began rubbing Bennett’s knee in the huddle.
The “first to file” system is simpler and would allow the Patent Office to better deal with its backlog of applications.
The Jones, Berger's and Mendell families and the entire RMC Company and Partners
His chances of winning the Electoral College ticked up to 32.1 percent, from 29.6 percent on Thursday.
Pleasant Hill’s Shakers also had to hide their horses, livestock and other valuables in wooded valleys and shallow caves.
Another guest was her boss James Murdoch , Rupert Murdoch’s son and the architect of the BSkyB bid, which has since collapsed.
He mentioned President Obama, too, blaming him for that dire situation.
The Economist : Yes, Maine is known for its lobsters, but close-to-endangered baby eels (called elvers or glass eels) are vastly more lucrative, selling for $2,600 per pound thanks to Asian and European shortages.
A soft-spoken man with a dark beard, a knit cap on his head and a plug in his left earlobe, Faria created the soundtrack for a short film in a celebrated series about the city’s underground scene, “Lisbon Youth,” by the videographer and artist João Retorta.
The companies also agreed to dismiss all pending litigation between them.
The structure’s yellow exterior looks like a carefully decorated birthday cake, studded with stone cherubs and statues of the ancient Greek muses.
Businesses are obligated to return a monetary profit to their shareholders, while colleges are obligated to search for truth.
Abdul-Ghani al-Iryani, a Yemeni political analyst and the head of a group that campaigns for democracy, said the latest crises — which included power blackouts in Sana — were most likely related.
Since Mr. Barak’s faction may not have won any seats in the next Parliament, the extension is Mr. Netanyahu’s surest way of keeping his defense minister.
They have seen the other side of life.
Only a few weeks earlier, the German Bundesliga announced a four-year agreement that will lift its take to nearly $3.2 billion, a 52 percent increase.
...The injured Yankee closer Mariano Rivera rang the opening bell of the New York Stock Exchange on Wednesday morning.
Microsoft’s site has more on repairing Outlook 2010 data files, as well as information for people having crashing problems with Outlook 2011 for the Mac .
It’s not enough to say that President Obama took $716 billion out of Medicare, because Paul Ryan’s budget did the same thing.
One defector was shot in the leg.
players joined what was then the Russian Superliga.
Some were established, first-call or famous: the pianist Geri Allen, the saxophonist Greg Osby, the guitarist Peter Bernstein.
He also described the Palestinians as an “invented people.” The disagreements over what to do about Iran reflect the divisions among Jews themselves.
“I would have been happy to get sixth,” Neal said.
Under state law, if opponents gather 120,000 signatures, the measure will be put to a public referendum before it can be enacted.
“In two weeks, she’ll run again.
He had left his previous employer, Goldman Sachs , after questions about his trading activity.
This position is in line with the one the Socialist Party took in particular during the debate in 2009 on France’s return to the integrated command : allied yes, aligned no.
In April 2010, they were acquitted of both charges, prompting calls for loopholes to be closed in campaign finance law.
Businesses of all sorts, not just financial institutions, may shun U.S. companies for fear of running afoul of Fatca, he said.
But there’s definitely no test.
Beginning in late 2008, however, the Treasury Department quietly issued a series of notices that exempted AIG from those limits.
Africa used to boast nearly three million square miles of forest, only about one-third of which remain today.
But everything else about the report considerably beat expectations.
The U.S. actually came close to abolishing the College after the 1968 presidential election, when Richard Nixon beat Hubert Humphrey by 110 electoral votes but only 1 percent of the popular vote.
In November of 2011 his alma mater, City College of New York, awarded Herb the Townsend Harris Medal for outstanding entrepreneurship.
#Aleppo #Syria — NMSyria (@NMSyria) 12 Aug 12 More important than ever for #FSA to adhere to a code of conduct & denounce terrorism & barbarism perpetrated by all others in #Syria — Rafif Jouejati (@RafifJ) 12 Aug 12 As they called us traitors for condemning similar “Revolutionary” crimes, here I accuse every Syrian cheers for this of being a traitor.
One of my favorites is “Please don’t do coke in the bathroom,” decorated with little ducks and chickens and rabbits.
NBC, which will broadcast the London Games, has referred to Mr. Lochte as “arguably the face” of the American team on its Olympic Talk blog .
Rather than creating history together, they have done it apart.
Everybody sees me, I pitch every five days.” In addition to learning the changeup, Pineda, who is from the Dominican Republic, has gained a rudimentary grasp of English since first moving to the United States to pitch in the minor leagues in 2008.
JAMES O. CHAMBERLAIN Forest Hills, Queens, Feb. 4, 2012 The writer is a former president of the board of trustees of an independent school.
A few months into filming, something happened that was a disaster for the camp’s residents and a macabre stroke of luck for the documentary’s director, Steven Cantor (“Devil’s Playground”): the record-breaking Tennessee floods of 2010 put Tent City under 10 feet of water, uprooting the film’s subjects and sending them down different paths, variously hopeful, heroic, troubling and bleak.
“That’s what fuels you in the off-season.
Arbitron, the measurement company that the radio industry relies upon, does not release national ratings the way that Nielsen does for television.
It was called Peter, Paul and Mary, but it featured no folk singers.
Her daughter recalled what happened in later years whenever people who mistook the Bentley for a Rolls-Royce would ask, “ Pardon me, would you have any Grey Poupon?
(Ms. Finn initially bets on Kansas.)
But the commission’s budget was cut by 56 percent last year, and Mr. McMillan said it had been able to award an average of only $2,200 to the schools.
I spent many nights last summer in Syntagma Square, directly across from the Greek Parliament.
“I guess nobody else could stand being paired with us,” Betty Wagner said with a throaty laugh during a telephone interview from her home in North Carolina.
The large French-speaking cast includes Maria de Medeiros as Nasser’s wife and Golshifteh Farahani as the great lost love of his youth.
“When it’s a fireplace that was built with the house, there’s value in that.” There are exceptions.
Soon after embracing my new destiny, I asked him what his dream was.
But Mr. Reines said that continuing violence in Libya had prevented the Italian intermediary from reaching Tripoli, Libya, the only place where a flight out of the country can be arranged.
He also performed at various clubs in NYC; among them, CBGB, Maxwells and The Bitter End.
You can set your camera into either of two time-code systems, according to the preferences of the producer or editor.
He said he was still raising money to pay for the tour and was holding out hope that visas would be granted for a visit sometime this year.
Countries like Germany , Japan and China offer far larger tax breaks and financing support to their manufacturers, the administration argues.
With a team of freshmen and sophomores, Calipari doesn’t attempt complicated game plans.
The strike that has roiled the civic climate in Chicago — and left 350,000 children without classes — seems particularly senseless because it is partly a product of a personality clash between the blunt mayor, Rahm Emanuel , and the tough Chicago Teachers Union president, Karen Lewis.
Everything has to be perfect, and it’s not just you: your teammates have to be perfect, the umpire has to be perfect.
Mr. Lavant plays Monsieur Oscar, a shadowy figure who’s chauffeured around Paris in a stretch limousine by a woman named Céline (Edith Scob).
For the “Green Carpet Challenge,” Ms. Firth’s mission is to get stars to wear clothes that support companies with an ethos of sustainability, not as a gimmick, but as a long-term strategy.
At the same time, companies liked to move production to East Germany because costs were lower.
Decompression To write, I often venture out to a cafe or teahouse.
I can make do with a carry-on bag, even if I’m gone for more than a week or so.
At 7 p.m. he will introduce a screening of his first feature film, “The Story of a Three-Day Pass” (“La Permission” 1968) and then take part in a question-and-answer session.
Players hugged and kissed after the final whistle, as Boca fans chanted and taunted River fans.
She has no holes in her game.
The official sector, which consists of the E.C.B., the I.M.F.
Mr. Fagan’s passion is in creating shapes, and in “From Before” the dancers’ pliés push firmly into the floor as they progress through a labyrinth of contrasting isolations.
“We didn’t want to lose.” He also said that a Gestapo officer visited the team before the match, introduced himself as the referee and told the players they should raise their right arms and make the Nazi salute on the field in a pregame greeting.
“We’re confident there will be future votes and soon, on the issue,” Ms. Quigley said.
The crowd of supporters, he said, outnumbered the police officers.
You’re in the midst of the vines, but instead of being stuck inside talking malolactic fermentation, you’re outside at a table in the sun, plucking bottles out of ice and eating well.
Soon after, lights began blinking out in buildings all over Lower Manhattan, and two flashes that looked like explosions lighted the sky above New Jersey.
I get sore from time to time, like any other player, but I don’t think it’s any more than anybody else.” Then she said: “It’s the end of my career here.
But just 10 days after moving, Dinklage was back in Brooklyn, playing a “bitchy barista” in “A Case of You,” a small-budget romantic comedy written by his friend, the actor (and “I’m a Mac” pitchman) Justin Long.
The station attendant didn’t know who she was, despite her wearing a white badge in the English parliamentary style with her name on it.
“As teenagers we’re often told, ‘You can’t do this; you’re too young.’ But this film really captures that you really can make change.” Or, as Mr. DuBois described the reaction to the video by his 16-year-old niece: “She really thinks they’re cool — and that’s a message to us.
The Philadelphia Eagles agreed to terms with DeSean Jackson on Wednesday, publishing a photo of the smiling Jackson signing the contract .
But as far as debt is concerned, America’s situation is getting better, not worse.
And because the child was chatty and a bit uneasy about traveling many rows away from her parents, the woman spent the two-and-a-half-hour flight not reading, but entertaining the girl with talk and word games.
Feb. 19 at 7 p.m. $20.
If a solution took longer to find, which it frequently did, a pileup ensued and a scrum of customers would hover.
He invited me to return the following Saturday, to witness a ceremony that few Westerners, he assured me, had ever seen.
Interviews have been edited and condensed.
His has become a bloodless presidency, built on cold calculations, not quixotic crusades.
“Instead he squeezes all the way to the sideline.” His tough view of Manningham’s technique turned to unadulterated praise six minutes later, when Manningham caught a 38-yard pass that required balletic dexterity along the sideline to keep his feet in bounds.
“He wants to be with his family,” safety Kurt Coleman said.
Martin usually works out seven days a week, not four or five.
AFFIRMATIVE ACTION In Fisher v. University of Texas at Austin , the court will address how and perhaps whether the university can take race into account as a factor in student admissions.
THE scene of the crime, Riverside Park at the foot of West 115th Street, is in full spring bloom, carpeted in the butter-colored flowers of lesser celandine.
These women are especially at risk in a health care system in which overworked doctors like me focus only on saving their lives; healing their invisible wounds is another story.
“It’s become a conversation piece,” said Mr. Ott, a bus mechanic for the Metropolitan Transportation Authority, who spray-painted a new name on the battered boat: S.S. Minnow, after the wayward vessel on the popular television show “Gilligan’s Island.” “I figured it would lighten people’s moods,” he said while surveying the boat from his front stoop on Monday night.
station in the country.” Shortly before 6 p.m. on WHBA there, just as Neil Diamond’s “Sweet Caroline” faded out, a dance theme churned for a few minutes before the song “Don’t You Worry Child” by the E.D.M.
“Most of all for women priests and supporters, need to surround all with prayer & love and cooperate with our healing God.” Both Archbishop Williams and Bishop Welby support women as bishops.
Monday’s session began a hearing of pretrial motions scheduled to last through the week at the high-security courtroom erected at Guantánamo for the long-delayed trial.
When I walked into the hotel bar, I saw the same two hunters I’d seen earlier.
Especially with this rule, it doesn’t make sense anymore.” Last season, Bilcke said that being a good fighter could be a ticket to the N.H.L., despite the risks inherent in taking repeated blows to the head.
Service at St. Nicholas of Tolentine Church, 150-75 Goethais Ave., Jamaica, New York on Friday, February 17th at 10:30am
President Obama has not publicly taken a side in the strike, which awkwardly pits his former chief of staff against labor, both key allies.
“I’m not graceful like Roger,” Roddick said, referring to the 17-time Grand Slam champion Roger Federer.
The Walmart bribery scandal, the News Corp. hacking scandal — just open up the business section on an average day.
“And companies like Foxconn have developed international profiles, and so they have to worry about how they’re seen by people living in places with very different standards.” No other company in the world has quite the manufacturing scale of Foxconn.
Of course, if your cat tears up the furniture, simpler options exist.
You can’t take your eyes off the sultry, sloe-eyed Ms. Seydoux ( “Inglourious Basterds,” “Midnight in Paris” ), whose Sidonie relishes posing as an aristocrat.
“No fireworks here,” said Colin Gillis an analyst with BGC Financial.
“They wanted me to choose something more suitable, more sensible.” As a youth, he studied in Manhattan at the School of American Ballet and in the mid-1940s danced in several Broadway musicals, including “Polonaise” and “Sleepy Hollow.” He later performed with companies led by the Marquis de Cuevas, Serge Lifar and Alicia Alonso before joining City Ballet.
A retired number on the outfield wall in Chicago validates Veeck’s intuition.
But this is a different kind of war that affects all of us.” The United States government does not collect data specifically on the emigration of the American-born children of immigrants — or on those who were born abroad but moved to the United States as young children.
The night was a celebration of Relay for Life, the society’s big annual fund-raising event.
The nanny replied, “I will not disappoint you!” She said she did not have a bank account but would open one soon.
“I’m very grateful for the opportunity I was given here,” Pagan said.
Many parents said their wandering children had narrowly escaped traffic accidents or had been in danger of drowning.
In Dorothy’s case, the mass in the pancreas turned out to be large and fist-shaped, with malignant extensions that reached backward to grip blood vessels, and a solitary metastasis in the liver.
Though he never — and I’ve thought about this since — explicitly denied being Jewish, he did communicate a kind of Episcopalian aura through some unspoken alchemy of his social ties, old-world manners and Anglophilic accent.
Luna Stage, 555 Valley Road.
Small riots erupted frequently in corners.
But so they serve the Obsolete— Even so, Stone Fleet!
Photography is an expression of free speech.
Estrada’s Mexican Kitchen was there then, as now.
Marc and his wife, Évelyne, rented the apartment upstairs.
In 2009, letters were sent by Greg’s lawyer to Greg’s two sisters and five aunts and uncles asking their views on his modification petition.
Perhaps it’s time for a more extended kind of housecleaning.
“You could call me fat and yes, even obese on a doctor’s chart.
It should firmly declare that the First Amendment does not exempt religious entities from accountability for exposing children to harm.
The pressure, as usual, is thick.
According to Mr. Santorum, “the government should not be involved in bailouts, period.” Mr. Gingrich called the auto industry rescue “a violation of 200 years of bankruptcy law.” Unlike a science experiment, in which variables can be changed and the experiment repeated, we can’t turn back the clock, let the auto companies go bankrupt and compare the results with what we have today, which is an American auto industry that is, by nearly all measures, healthier than it’s been in many years.
On either side of the chimney are four stone steps descending to the living room, which has pitched, wood-beam ceilings and glass walls on three sides.
Kevin Clark, The Wall Street Journal: “The footage, which will be released on the league’s ‘Game Rewind’ package, was long-desired by NFL fans but not granted for every play until now.
He owes it to voters to do so, despite predictable obstruction from Senate Republicans.
If it’s the end, it’s the end.” A few moments after he finished speaking with reporters, Umenyiora slipped on his coat and headed for the door.
J.K. Rowling may be putting the finishing touches on her first novel for adults, a dark comedy set for release in September, but she hasn’t forgotten about Harry Potter.
She and her husband have shorter and less expensive commutes to the city.
Yet this is their first date for the championship.
He and his colleagues studied carpenter ants in the rain forests of Brazil and southern Thailand.
The two agencies will seek new business together, concentrating on consumer and entertainment brands.
S. doesn’t have to tell, and if she does, her potential employer isn’t legally allowed to consider her pregnancy in making a decision.
They also have Martin Havlat, whom they traded for specifically for playoff heroics, so his two goals fit the script perfectly, Pierre LeBrun writes on ESPN.com .
“It was torrential.” Undeterred, Mr. Hoagland is back for another go at the festival, which enters its 20th anniversary season this weekend.
A graduate of Georgetown University, he also held an MBA and Ph.D from Columbia University.
One is that the headband doesn’t seem to hold the charge very long, so you need to be sure to top off the batteries every day.
Yet Bernie Luchsinger, who has been growing grapes here since he arrived from Chile in 1968, does quite well.
“Not here; maybe some other ballparks,” Bay said.
A representative of EMI, the Beastie Boys’ label, declined to comment, and a spokeswoman for the group also did not comment.
If South fails to unblock his heart queen at Trick 1, East can deny declarer an entry to the dummy by ducking (not taking the trick) when the queen is led.
The pragmatic, handy Andrew loves it there, but the intellectual Robert, O’Neill’s alter ego, is filled with wanderlust, longing to escape to that magical world beyond the you-know-what.
Staples announced that he was running for the Republican nomination for lieutenant governor in 2014.
He worked, studied and followed his religion, which was Muslim,” Mr. Cham said on Thursday.
Does it matter that the game’s at Vanderbilt, where there is the possibility that players could fall off the floor and into the first rows of seats?
“It was a big, big job.
The London police on Saturday also released a picture of the nurse , Jacintha Saldanha, 46, who was found dead on Friday in a suspected suicide.
The core issue is whether federal immigration law invalidates the state law, which lets police stop anyone they believe to be an illegal immigrant and makes it a crime for anyone to be in Arizona or hold a job without valid papers.
In his 30s he read all 11 volumes of “The Story of Civilization,” then tackled Erasmus, whose mention in those books intrigued him.
April 11, 12 and 13, 11 a.m. to 2 p.m. $5 per family with museum admission; $4 to $10.
The race also demonstrated what Aman loves so much about the 800 meters.
Mr. Hanson skillfully knits together Regan’s quicksilver emotional extremes: One minute he slugs a striker unconscious; the next he stuffs a wad of cash into his victim’s pocket after learning about his dying wife and hungry children.
The Yankees were batting .217 with runners in scoring position, the lowest average in the A.L.
Reid H. Weingarten, a partner at Steptoe & Johnson who defended Bernard J. Ebbers , the former WorldCom chief executive, and Gregory Morvillo of the Morvillo law firm, represent Mr. Chiasson.
That fact in itself is not a cause for concern: Felton’s position on the court does not arbitrarily restrict the amount he should shoot.
“But as I’ve always said, the structure of the race is such that it was close before and it’s close now.” Neil Newhouse, Mr. Romney’s pollster and the author of the memo released on Monday said, “Voters are on a Bill Clinton sugar high that’s simply not going to last — polls taken right now probably don’t reflect the reality of where this campaign actually is.” Still, Mr. Newhouse’s comments and memo reflected the sense on both sides that in what had been stubbornly static race, Mr. Obama had, indeed, established some sort of uptick in support following his convention in a way that Mr. Romney had not, though Mr. Romney’s aides said he had helped himself among important segments of the population.
The Diamond deal shows the value of short-sellers.
The Knicks have since lost their entire starting backcourt — Baron Davis and Iman Shumpert — to knee injuries in this series, increasing the pressure for Lin to return.
Will there be enough content providers willing to gamble on expensive programs with big stars, lavish wardrobe budgets and huge overhead — only to sell episodes online for less than a dollar?
So why is there a difference in the potential winnings in the shareholder cases and the federal securities case?
Mr. Gundersen, who was not one of those cited, said the inquiry was unnecessary.
Energetic bidding sent it climbing to £7.3 million.
He responded with a repertoire of studies and counterpoints to bolster his case.
Images of Hemingway are all over the cool, cavernous interior — and a daiquiri favored by the writer provides the bar’s name.
Or rather he is, but in ways that unexpectedly complement the perverse spirit of this grisly, twisty tragedy.
The coffers at Western Texas College are about as dry as the windswept West Texas plains that surround it.
MASHANTUCKET Fox Theater, Foxwoods Casino The Diamonds, holiday and pop.
Sun’s victory in the 400-meter freestyle was one of nine golds won by China in 10 races.
Mr. Menendez called the accusations “completely untrue.” He said he declined to support Judge Shwartz because she showed a weak grasp of important constitutional law issues in a previous interview with her when she was under consideration for a federal judgeship.
The offensive star of the game, Arod speaks //t.co/iG3xQU8A — Justin Sablich (@JSablichNYT) 13 Apr 12 Robertson made quick work of the Angels in the ninth, getting Pujols to ground into a double play and then striking out Morales.
$5 to $6; children 12 and under, free.
Video The Apple Pushers A clip from “The Apple Pushers,” a film written and directed by Mary Mazzio, narrated by Edward Norton.
But if that happened they could lose the No.
In all, about 2,900 prisoners served as sonderkommandos at the camp.
I had not anticipated starting the week thinking about baby gifts and ending it with S.E.C.
“Don’t get her on your ankle.” Blum lives in the upper reaches of the Berkeley Hills, not far from the hiking trails that serve as her satellite office.
Yet in the Senate, he made sure dollars from the socialistic Medicare program went to Puerto Rico on behalf of a hometown firm — Universal Health Services — that later gave him nearly $400,000 in director’s fees and stock options.
I mean, the president is calling for an assessment of the safety of nuclear power in this country.
Some political operatives close to him say that Mr. Bush has not yet made a decision on what position to run for in the 2014 elections.
He allowed two runs on seven hits in seven innings, while walking one and striking out eight.
There was a military swagger to fitted, double-breasted coats, an urban sharpness to geometric patterns and a yearning for country in a fox symbol embroidered on the chest of a sweater.
Not much, is it?” His patrons seemed to disagree.
Which has the lower carbon footprint — our life in the New Jersey suburbs or our life in a cabin in the woods of Maine?
In the equivalent of Monica’s blue dress, Young decided to save the “corroborating” cascade of fretting, preening phone messages from Edwards, checking on the paramour and courtier he had exiled and slandered in an insane attempt to stop his presidential bid from exploding.
Summoning a taxi or car service with your smartphone feels like the future.
Since we’ve got a mention of the Von TRAPP family today, enjoy this scene from “The Sound of Music.” Over all, today was a light, breezy solve that didn’t pose any major problems.
More recently, funds scooped up billions of euros of bonds maturing on March 20 in the 40-cent range, expecting Europe’s bailout of Greece to include funds to repay these bonds in full.
Some Democrats acknowledged that the Obama campaign has been surprised at lagging the Republican fund-raising totals.
“Most people I know of that mix have a real ability to be in a room with anyone, black or white.” “I come from humble beginnings,” she says.
I wanted to know more about her makeup know-how, the products she uses and who does that fabulous hair.
Spain was headed for a budget deficit of 6.4 percent of gross domestic product this year and 6.3 percent next year, according to the commission’s spring economic forecasts.
“The seller should contact the buyer’s title company in advance of the closing to ascertain what the company’s policy is,” Mr. Behar added.
Patty Schumacher’s son, Lance Cpl.
I wish I could have seen her.”
Seifert was handed a Mercedes by Bill Walsh.
87654321 1) H 2) B 3) F 4) E 5) G 6) C 7) A 8) D GRAPHICS
“But he will do it at the expense of people who are already suffering.” She pointed to Mr. Romney’s comment that 47 percent of Americans are dependent on government.
The rival bankers also worried that the outsize demand was being driven by retail investors, a more fickle constituency.
The accelerator is sensitive, making the brake almost superfluous.
You used to tell me that he'd be really good once he actually got the nomination and was free to repudiate all the positions he'd made up to get through the primaries.
Robert Andrews of paidContent gives a British perspective on the hire , and Ken Doctor, the newspaper analyst, offers his take .
And the history of the last year — in which seemingly secure Arab allies like Col. Muammar el-Qaddafi of Libya, another important supplier of oil, were swept out of power — throws a new element of uncertainty into China’s commitment.
Mr. Cahill retired from Keefe, Bruyette in early 2008 but agreed to return to work when he heard about Drexel Hamilton.
WANIDA REID took a roundabout route to opening a restaurant.
— KaoPing, Tennessee There’s no way I’m giving up this metabolism until I have to.
If not, Middlebrooks was off.
Last month, like a young adult trading loft parties for PTA meetings, it returned to Brooklyn, this time to staid Park Slope.
The session helped him establish daily objectives for the three goals he had entered and begun to track under the “My Goals” tab: define the marketing model, define the operating model and gather appropriate data for strategic planning.
Fitness looks a little bit more protective.” That is a message that may take a long time to reach your family physician, however.
Even when writers move to embrace the family, appearing to be one of the group, it is often in the interest of putting the group to use in their work.
He has spent much of his adult life in prison.
Neither of us wanted to go through that again.
Mondays and Fridays, 10 a.m. to 5 p.m.; Tuesdays and Wednesdays, 10 a.m. to 8 p.m.; Saturdays, 10 a.m. to 3 p.m. Easton Public Library, 691 Morehouse Road.
The lame-duck session that begins Tuesday could be one of the most pivotal in years, and the political atmosphere is considerably different than when lawmakers left in October for the fall campaigns.
Obviously some politicians would find the Iran connection more distasteful than others.
THE parenting insights of Kate Stone Lombardi, of Chappaqua, differ significantly from those of Dan Zevin , of Larchmont.
But they described it as an arrangement that would let DreamWorks continue to make studio-level pictures.
Yet another way to put the city in context is to see it by boat, bus or bike .
But when the bill moved to the House of Representatives, two conservative Woonsocket representatives refused to go along, and no amount of late-night negotiating could change their minds.
EcoMotors, from Allen Park, Michigan, seeks to increase efficiency by shutting down part of the engine when full power is not required.
In marked contrast to such rarities, pictures that were good without warranting very high estimates ran into difficulties, selling below the lower end of estimates, when not failing altogether.
For Sartre the tragic was the mechanization and objectification of the human.
Eager to give back, she joined Teach for America and taught sixth-grade social studies at a charter school in Newark.
Companies typically increase their stockpiles of goods when they expect sales to rise in coming months.
In that group, the drama had a huge 15.3 rating Tuesday night.
You could probably describe him as a less athletic but more stable version of Braylon Edwards (who is also in the receiver mix).
Charging us exorbitant entry fees and inundating us with marketing e-mails to raise money to support efforts taking place many thousands of miles from here grossly misdirects the mission of the club.
“The work is not me.
When he called, he was asked for information to verify the purchase.
As I’ve also mentioned previously, we see students who have honed an interest in a particular skill and students who are well rounded and have excelled in a number of different activities.
“After 10 years, life is going well in our country,” he said.
“We raised it on my show and used it to materially influence the elections – in full accordance with the law.
If he spent his earlier life in Washington State and the Midwest, as the news reports suggest, the doors in Panjwai would have looked to him more antique than any he had seen before, unless he frequented museums.
Ilya Bryzgalov made 31 saves for the Flyers.
••• Considered an afterthought when he announced his candidacy for the United States Congress last November — in a speech in which he called Muammar el-Qaddafi ”my hero” and pledged to never salute the American flag — Democratic leaders are now fretfully talking about a prospect they once considered unthinkable: a Congressman Barron.
I want to be a lawyer.”
My first move was to go up and speak with the local residents.
The Beijing Dance Theater is systematically working to bring in young audiences by performing on college campuses, creating dances that reflect their lives and collaborating with artists from popular genres like hip-hop.
Jeff Passan, Yahoo Sports: LeBron James broke Cleveland’s heart.
And after the recent imposition of new taxes on home purchases, speculative cash flowed into the market for parking spaces in private garages, which were not subject to the regulations, driving up prices there.
Rather, it’s the long-run outlook.
Since then, Gen. John R. Allen , the NATO commander in Afghanistan, has come under investigation for what a law enforcement official said Wednesday were a series of sexually explicit e-mails between him and Jill Kelley, a woman from Tampa, Fla., active in local military circles.
“I’ve never met Mike Piazza.” (For the record, Mr. Paterson said that Ms. Meeds “has a crush” on Mr. Piazza.
in Mercury Soul (performing March 16 in Davies Symphony Hall after the regular program), a chamber group that seems a mix of Schubert and Massive Attack, a trip-hop band.
— fill newspapers and airwaves.
As is the norm these days, Mr. Smith’s bridge-burning epistle tumbled through the cycle of support, backlash and backlash-to-the-backlash within a matter of hours.
Health care companies have been slow to advertise online.
And not just for (you should excuse the expression) the pleasure of their company.
Its churn was reliable, its manner casual, its mood slightly cutting, thanks to the wry lyrics of the frontman Jordan Gatesmith, whose romantic resentments are often framed by a larger societal disillusionment.
Plus the fact they had a chance to be a contender.
Every Friday, I emptied the bookcase and meticulously rode the wood with the cloth.
On Tuesday morning, Wilpon and Mets pitcher Johan Santana helped distribute food and supplies to victims of Hurricane Sandy on Coney Island.
After working for Gagosian in New York, the 40-year-old Francesco Pantaleone came home to open his namesake gallery (Via Garraffello, 25; 011-39-091-332482; fpac.it ) to foster native talent like Benny Chirco (above, bennychirco.it ), whose recent installations use disassembled landscape paintings industrially produced in China.
To the Editor: Re “ Allegations of Cheating by Cellphone at Stuyvesant ” (news article, June 27): When cheating scandals like the one at Stuyvesant High School in New York come to light, parents and pundits alike profess their amazement.
“We really want to have firsthand experience, people who actually come from the region to explain what’s going on beyond the news.” Ticket information for the festival is coming.
At 12:30 a.m. on May 31, Boyd Martin was awakened by his ringing cellphone.
According to Mr. Kolko, about a third of homeownership costs are in addition to the mortgage — among them property taxes, insurance , maintenance and repairs.
To find it, you have to look through the endnotes for the introduction to his most famous book, “The Bell Curve,” in which he cites Buck v. Bell, the 1927 Supreme Court case that approved Ms. Buck’s involuntary sterilization.
Using a seat belt and a shoulder harness, he strapped himself into a rocket-propelled sled that rode along a rail.
Their candidate, Representative Connie Mack, has a strong family name, but he has raised only about $3 million, an inadequate sum in a state as large as Florida.
So this was a different experience,” said Mr. Kentis.
During the past 13 games, when Butler has played its best, the Bulldogs have shot nearly 70 percent from the free throw line.
What if I focused instead on the other things that matter?
Justice Ministry officials also announced an investigation into new corruption claims against the deposed leader, Mr. Mubarak, and his sons, Gamal and Alaa — all currently imprisoned — along with his wife, Suzanne, who was released from custody last year after agreeing to turn over about $4 million in assets alleged to have been stolen from the state.
Doing that suggests that Mr. Romney has a decent shot of coming up with the requisite number of delegates on June 5, when California, New Jersey and three other states vote — or if not then, on June 26, when Mr. Romney will almost certainly win all of Utah’s 40 delegates.
The polls suggested they were more bothered by the fact that Lugar’s voting address in Indiana was a house he sold in 1977.
Many would live and work well into the color age — Durante died in 1980, Ball in 1989 after starring in several color series — but they’re forever black and white to me and others.
But it is, and the transformation of Les Docks — the old Parisian port area near the Gare d’Austerlitz — into the “Cité de la Mode et du Design” is real.
Today in Your Money All the news from The Times that will hit you in the wallet.
The candidates who might be the most adversely affected by this, instead, are Newt Gingrich and Rick Santorum.
A few prominent Ohioans have come out against the death penalty.
And for Sophie, you can bring your own wine.
More than three-quarters said that they always worked for an hour or more every day in hotel rooms on business trips.
For those of you troubled by Facebook claiming the right to know whether you like cats when you sign up, this is probably a significantly bigger deal.
He treats Mitt like a cardboard cutout, never asking him to risk anything or pushing him to be big, bold and inspirational.
Together they turned the Jamaican team of Shelly-ann Frayser-Pryce, Sherrone Simpson, Veronica Campbell-Brown and Kerron Stewart into spectators.
Jane Voorhees Zimmerli Art Museum, 71 Hamilton Street.
She had most recently led communications for the online and digital entertainment businesses at the Disney Interactive unit of the Walt Disney Company.
Thousands of antigovernment protesters later gathered in a Moscow square to chant, “Russia without Putin.” Yet the crowd, which the police estimated at 15,000, lacked the giddy optimism that had pervaded earlier rallies.
The series continues at Rockefeller Center on selected Wednesdays through April 4.
Black, Chair, Committee on Trust and Estate Gift Plans Marnie Imhoff, Vice President
I complain about Egypt all the time.
I want her to regret this.
Messy is how Ms. Driscoll likes it.
“The coalition will work with all parties to reform and improve the capacity of the police, judiciary and Election Commission,” he said.
Bobby Parnell then issued a pair of walks in the ninth, but he struck out Jason Kubel to end the game.
Someone else will tell you to be sure you “don’t forget Mom today.” To that, at least, your response will be honest: “I never do.” My mother did not have me late, not by today’s yardsticks.
To me, that’s where it starts.
Stretching north about 30 miles from the George Washington Bridge, they plow upward from the riverbank, their craggy faces framed by trees.
In Thailand, it’s the opposite.
He’s now the chancellor of the Texas Tech University System.
In Districts 2 and 3, which encompass most of Manhattan below 110th Street, more students scored at or above the 90th percentile on the entrance exam, the cutoff point, than scored below it.
“This was an attack by a small and savage group, not the people or government of Libya.” The turmoil in the Middle East brought back into focus Mr. Obama’s rocky relationship with leaders of Israel, his so-far-unsuccessful efforts to stop Iran’s nuclear program and his handling of the popular uprisings that have upended the Arab world.
Young adults might just be oncology’s “tweens” — too old for the pediatric cancer floor but equally out of place in an adult oncology unit.
Much remains to be done.
Why do you think it is so successful?
In 2010, China produced about seven times the amount of that gas as the United States.
Two competitors who declined to be named because they didn’t want to publicly criticize a rival said that they took a more measured approach, choosing not to create new software to coincide with the debut.
After Mr. Rothschild called for a shakeup in Bumi’s management late last year, the Bakries maneuvered to reduce his influence by selling a stake in the company to Mr. Tan, who subsequently became its chairman.
For nearly three decades Ken Perenyi made a small fortune forging works by popular 18th- and 19th-century artists like Martin Johnson Heade , Gilbert Stuart and Charles Bird King.
Whoever replaces Taylor will play next to Ahtyba Rubin , who is arguably the most overrated defensive tackle in football.
The city is seeking to erect seven 400-foot wind turbines in Fresh Kills, one of which would rise from North Park’s crest, said Nick Dmytryszyn, an environmental engineer in the borough commissioner’s office.
College football is enormously popular, but the huge amounts of television money involved with the sport have driven a recent frenzy of conference realignment that has struck some observers as deeply cynical.
Economic growth for 2012 would be flat for the European Union as whole, the commission said, and then rise to 1.3 percent in 2013.
“State law empowers the Office of the New York State Attorney General to conduct inquiries to protect New Yorkers from, among other things, fraudulent solicitations and state tax evasion,” James Freeland, a spokesman for Mr. Schneiderman, said in a statement.
Lots of people think that to make good money decisions you need to have a plan for every situation.
99 Margaret Corbin Drive, Fort Tryon Park, Washington Heights, (212) 923-3700, metmuseum.org .
Mr. Cen, also 27, is a technical account manager at AppNexus, an advertising technology company in Manhattan.
That is, if you have the patience to sift through listings: a recent search for Palm Springs rentals turned up over nine pages, with at least 40 listings a page.
But the conversation was focused on just one contest: the messy and close race in the 13th Congressional District, where the leading Democratic candidates were Representative Charles B. Rangel and State Senator Adriano Espaillat.
With Peter Ksander’s simple, rock-bordered set designed to evoke a bleak field of dreams turned into rubble, “I Killed My Mother” takes place in a sequence-jumbling twilight of time past as recalled and transformed by its heroine.
But as the company now recognizes, such a belief blinded it to customers’ desire for cars that speak to the heart as well as the brain.
“That’s even true with staff and clients in the U.S.” CONNECT YOUR PEOPLE When you see your employees every day, it is easy to tell if someone has the blues.
Porches and Hummers are, as one would expect, Republican, but the Land Rover is nearly off the charts as the most Republican of all vehicles.
I made some adjustments and started hitting the inside corner.
Many of her peers fled, but Ms. Deka said she had decided to remain in Bangalore.
Whether it’s Kentucky fried or whether it’s barbecued or it’s wings or it’s sautéed, that’s my food.
But he would rely increasingly upon their capacities in the coming years.
“Marijuana still is a gateway drug to so many other much more dangerous things,” said Senator John J. Flanagan, a Long Island Republican.
That became clear last month, when federal prosecutors showed their hand in a more sweeping inquiry into Mayor Vincent C. Gray’s 2010 election.
PHOTO: Demonstrators allied with the Occupy movement rallied in Washington on Tuesday to protest the influence of money on legislators.
“I told [the team] to go out and have fun, make sure you enjoy the game, play they way we have played all season, and we ended up doing that.” Scoring the game’s lone goal to give UW a 1-0 victory was star senior forward and team captain Hilary Knight.
Mr. Minkin served in the U.S. Army Air Corps during World War II.
But Luke’s Lobster, known for its bare-bones storefronts and food truck?
— “colossal.” Grab one, dunk it in champagne vinaigrette, and — tails up!
“They keep asking,” and here he switches to a whiny voice, “ ‘Are you a boy or a girl?
I think designers like books.
Mr. McCaslin has a worthy new album, “Casting for Gravity” (Greenleaf), that enlists the same players and chases after the same intentions.
His Juliet, Xiomara Reyes, is not large.
But at a certain point the play takes a leap beyond tidy smirkiness into the outer space of sloppier, cruder and far more satisfying nonsense.
The policy worked — briefly.
No one had ever tamed the championship that way before.
About 59 percent of WPP shareholders voted against the company’s 2011 remuneration report and Mr. Sorrell’s £6.8 million, or $10.5 million, pay package.
He quickly wore out his welcome with frustrated fans who expected him to live up to his five-year, $80 million contract.
Kevin Youkilis added an R.B.I.
James Brown and Frank Sinatra haunt Soda (7, rue de la Martinière; soda-bar.fr ).
They insisted upon that cut being involved in the debt negotiations -- MS. RADDATZ: Let -- REP. RYAN: -- and now we have a $1 trillion cut -- MS. RADDATZ: Let’s put the automatic defense cuts aside.
In Sneden’s view, the Army had been saved in spite of McClellan’s ignorance and cowardice.
“Peyton was my hero growing up.
– Glenn Collins Fast Company : You say you want fresher vegetables?
We must die many times before we actually die — and that way we are forced to find calmness and experience rebirth.” According to the Yoga Sutras of Patanjali, fear of death is one of the greatest causes of human suffering.
But Mr. Kerrey, who served in the Senate from 1989 to 2001 before moving to New York to run the New School in Manhattan, sounded a tiny bit ambivalent in describing his decision not to run.
“My son loves it here,” said Enrique Garcia, an assistant trainer and exercise rider, as he walked a pony named Sunny J to a bucket for a drink of water at Belmont, which sits on the border of Queens and Nassau County.
“He’s the horse to beat and will be out there running.
He sees great value in the tribunal.
“But let us never forget that for every angry mob, there are millions who yearn for the freedom and dignity and hope that our flag represents.” During marathon meetings at the White House since the killings of American diplomatic officials in Benghazi, officials have tried to anticipate the next developments and contemplate a response.
The seasonally adjusted Consumer Price Index dropped 0.3 percent in November from October, the department said.
Some chapters even organize fund-raising picnics or socials, offering a window on farming life today.
The government contends that Mr. Rajaratnam then traded Goldman shares, based on information Mr. Gupta provided.
This year, he said, the Rays have already saved themselves 28 runs.
How did you gauge the danger at any given moment?
Defense officials say they did not receive a request for military support from the State Department as the attack unfolded.
This Saturday, the featured brewery is the Genesee Brewing Company.
In 2000, the average contribution to a legislator by political action committees associated with unions, companies or industry groups was only $1,700, they found.
Dr. Casscells helped invent medical devices and new techniques in detecting heart attacks and started companies to sell them.
The Justice Department has asked British law enforcement officials to share their evidence in the case.
They circled each other in the widely recognized choreography of a fight’s preamble.
The agency did say that women at low risk for fracture or with a bone density near normal may be good candidates to stop therapy after three to five years, but older patients at higher fracture risk and bone density “in the osteoporotic range” may benefit from continued therapy.
“We want to make sure we can get the young musical-theater kids in,” Mr.
Woody Allen’s “Midnight in Paris,” released in May, is still around, and the actors guild this month named it one of five nominees for its top film award.
Before a hushed House of Commons, Mr. Cameron said the families had suffered “a double injustice” in the failures of the police, fire officials and other authorities to anticipate the disaster or to contain its scale once it occurred, and in the efforts that followed to cover up police failings by altering witness statements, and to pin responsibility on the victims for their own deaths.
I didn’t mean to throw the stick in the road.
The Pullman company remained the area’s largest employer before finally closing its neighborhood factory in the 1950s.
“Moms solve problems,” she said.
A March, 2012 article about the making of the first “Hunger Games” movie How ‘Hunger Games’ Built Up Must-See Fever March, 2012 article about the social marketing and other online techniques Lionsgate used to excite fans Inside the List: The Hunger Games A Feb., 2012 piece looking at the continuing popularity of the trilogy on the New York Times Bestseller lists.
The trial began on July 30.
David Eastman, worldwide digital director for the advertising agency JWT, said Facebook would need to give marketers more data about what kinds of users click on what kinds of advertising, and about their travels on the Internet before and after they click on an ad.
Shares of the company fell more than 3 percent last Thursday and Friday, after the hedge fund went public with its accusations.
The academy was a kind of fantasy camp, better known to rock and baseball fans.
Even after he returned to Libya, his rampage at the Interior Ministry kept him blacklisted, and he could not find steady work.
Would he make it across?
In both word and picture, the depiction of Africans in “Tintin in the Congo” makes your jaw drop.
Every event will be shown live, online, at NBColympics.com .
Four years later, back at the Super Bowl, nobody can speak to that better than Lawrence Tynes, the kicker whose butchered field-goal attempt at the conclusion of regulation in the N.F.C.
The Knicks are now wholly dependent on Davis and his ability to recapture at least a shade of his former dominance at point guard.
Some advertisers also expressed concern.
His daring, almost reckless-seeming style of skiing was legend.
Consider Jake Peavy and Johan Santana, two former Cy Young Award winners you could have drafted in the later rounds.
made its current deals with ESPN, Fox, and Turner.
After retiring from the National Football League, Mr. Shuler worked in real estate before he was elected in 2006.
Scott Levenson, a Democratic political consultant who is not working for any of next year’s potential mayoral contenders, said Ms. Quinn’s opponents might be hampered in taking advantage of any vulnerability because negative attacks often backfired in a crowded primary field.
Ms. Krawcheck, who held senior positions at Bank of America and Citigroup, is on the advisory board of Gold Bullion International – a company that makes it easy for investors to own gold and other precious metals .
St. James Theater, 246 West 44th Street, (212) 239-6200, telecharge.com .
Anyway, I bring this all up because Mark Feldman offers us an interesting tsure (problem): why are the Yiddish words in this puzzle written backwards?
“To agree to a more supranational Europe is also to agree to more German leadership in Europe.” Despite all the attention on the growth versus austerity debate, Ms. Merkel has already signaled she will accept the major elements of Mr. Hollande’s modest proposal for a “growth pact” at next week’s European summit meeting.
“I was just bad,” he said.
Now at the age of 76, he’s mulling another vocation – political candidate, in elections expected next year.
While this part of Dodd-Frank does give the council a lot of leeway in determining a systemically important activity, opponents of reform may argue that money funds simply aren’t part of the payment functions of the financial system, which is what title VIII was written for.
THE CROWD Groups and couples of mixed ages, largely in their mid-30s through their 50s.
Rolling Stone reported in May that this could disenfranchise “100,000 previously eligible ex-felons” in Florida.
MONTCLAIR Alexander Kasser Theater “A Ceremony of Carols,” presented by the Richard Alston Dance Company.
“Our goal going into the 12th season is to make sure that whatever gradual slide we see in ‘Idol,’ we’re prepared,” Mr. Reilly said.
We just need to get to that magic figure of 272 seats in Parliament somehow or another.
So, she built a dollhouse .
We know from decades of experience that conservation schemes fail when local resource needs aren’t respected.
Mr. Krashen is correct about an excess of testing in American schools, but not about the assumptions behind the common core standards.
Recordings of Donna Summer’s “I Feel Love,” Leonard Bernstein’s first performance with the New York Philharmonic, “Rapper’s Delight” by the Sugarhill Gang and a 1977 concert by the Grateful Dead are among the diverse entries that will be added to the National Recording Registry, the Library of Congress is to announce on Wednesday.
(Universal, Blu-ray/DVD combo $34.98, DVD $29.98, R) JOURNEY 2: THE MYSTERIOUS ISLAND Walden Media continues its line of 3-D remakes of Jules Verne novels (after the 2008 “Journey to the Center of the Earth” ) with a very loose interpretation of Verne’s 1874 story of a Pacific island with unusual properties.
During the testimony of James Roth, a junior Goldman executive, Mr. Gupta’s lawyers showed the jury an internal Goldman document from July 2008.
Several respected studies have found that such payments have scant effect on student achievement; since most good teachers already work hard, before and after class, there are limits to how much more can be coaxed out of them with financial incentives.
While I think Martin’s awareness is lackluster, that doesn’t mean he’s without strengths.
This idealism sharply contrasted with his prejudice, manifested in an 1850 screed he wrote called “Jewishness in Music,” which castigated Jews as unfit for the art form.
The cast of characters appears, in a witty touch, “in order of disappearance,” which is to say demise, beginning with Marilyn Monroe and concluding with Bunny Mellon, the 101-year-old socialite and hostess whose friendship gave Mr. Langella access to the thrilling glow of the Kennedys of Camelot during their brief, tragic reign.
“You pass the test,” the mayor said last month, “you get the highest score, you get into the school — no matter what your ethnicity, no matter what your economic background is.” The city began offering a free test-prep program several years ago for black and Hispanic students, but after a legal challenge, other ethnic groups were granted the same access to the course.
It could easily be carried by lamb or seared tuna, but could it work with just vegetables?
They supported Mr. Obama over Mr. Romney by 11 points, 54 percent to 43 percent.
“Everyone in my generation was born with those movies,” said Mr. Deprit, during a phone interview from his home in Rome.
This makes his production, directed by David Schweizer and also starring Nora Cole, deeply sentimental or, if you prefer, sentimentally deep.
The biker drew a pistol and shot the scientist dead through the car window.
Wittenberg and Deputy Mayor Howard Wolfson , who was central to the negotiations, rejected the ideas because any version of the race would still provoke animosity.
$3 and $5; members, children and students, free.
The company already offers other financial products, like travel and home insurance, through its M&S Money brand, which was acquired by HSBC for $1.2 billion in 2004.
It has not worked out that way.
In 1938, in New York's Grace Church, she married the late David Whitmire Hearst, son of William Randolph Hearst and a vice president and director of Hearst Corporation.
Mark A. Norell, a curator of paleontology at the American Museum of Natural History in Manhattan , who had no part in the research, said the findings were significant because they swept aside a longstanding argument that perhaps dinosaurs had feathers only when they were small and shed them as they grew.
The Philip Johnson Glass House, 199 Elm Street.
I used to eat Yodels slowly working my way around the filling, cake and chocolate in a swirl.
Of the 62 players who came back to win in five sets when trailing after three sets, nearly 10 percent of them were forced to retire in the next round because of injury.
I asked Ms. Foreman if she and her family were seeing light at the end of the tunnel, nearly four months after her father’s death.
They all spend their downtime (of which they have an abundance) smoking weed, throwing back drinks and flirting with Batina (Shannon Garland), Shareeta (Marsha Stephanie Blake) and Jackie (Shamika Cotton).
Inevitably the brand has spawned a sea of lookalikes, among them the more accessibly priced hooded jammies from Zippd (about $100), Funzees ($40.95) in pink leopard spots or rainbow stripes, or the similarly priced Jumpin Jammerz, in blue “diva dots, Batman-inspired designs or tiger prints — ideal for bringing out one’s inner beast.
Once again he refused to tell us how he’s going to pay for it.” “Usually when a politician tells you he’s going to wait until after the election to explain a plan to you,” he said, “they don’t have a pleasant surprise in store for you.” Over the course of three debates, the two sides have provided clues.
In women’s basketball, “stars are successful without becoming unapproachable worldwide media brands,” Burt said, and “political overtones are generally feminist where they exist.” Above all, he enjoyed the “almost cultlike fan world” of women’s basketball, to quote from the title of his 2005 essay in The Believer.
“I also have definite future plans for ‘Manon Lescaut,’ ‘Andrea Chénier’ and ‘Fanciulla del West,’ ” Mr. Kaufmann said.
Best Buy is trying to thwart the advances of its founder, Richard M. Schulze.
He inspired fierce loyalty in many of his employees.
Edward Burke is a foreign policy fellow at the Center for European Reform in London.
Ms. Pao might be that rare exception.
Since each school has different types of aid available, and may package students differently, it is important to be as honest and forthright as possible on the forms to set yourself up for the best possible outcome in terms of a financial aid award.
RIM’s continued inability to make the PlayBook work directly with its global network means that corporations looking for high-security BlackBerry e-mail on their tablets will first need costly software upgrades to their computer systems.
As an 82-year-old grandmother, I am single and live alone.
In an inner room, pet crates and pens held dogs of all ages and sizes — 200 dogs are in training at all times — while dog-walkers, vets and groomers came and went through the side door.
Here are six steps for dealing with anger in a high-pressure workplace, including: “Get yourself to the nearest private bathroom.” General managers earn $114,000 on average.
The macaque had been out of the news, and the man wanted the public to know that it was alive and well.
The allegations, which relate to his time in office, include the purchase of a hotel and an accusation that he misdirected donations intended for a Buddhist monastery.
“I remember texting you when it was at exactly 137,” he said to Mr. Anfanger during a telephone interview.
The center wanted to retrofit the existing building with a system using alternative renewable energy and chose geothermal, said Rick Bell, the center’s executive director.
The full work is now a centerpiece of this summer’s Lincoln Center Festival, with two remaining performances, featuring Ms. Futral in a production by the director Marianne Weems, with John Kennedy conducting the Ensemble ACJW.
A monumental panel with lots of green running down soared to £9.89 million.
I remember doing “Sherrybaby,” which was also directed by a woman [Laurie Collyer] and I was doing a really complicated sex scene where the guy in it was like, “That’s not sexy,” and we were both like, “Yes it is.” It’s not what you think would be sexy, but it is.
After that Avedon’s fashion work continued, notably at Vogue, but so did his topical portraits.
All of this is quite a turnabout from a few years ago, when the Bush administration struck many observers as indifferent at best to the S.B.A.
But there is little if any public pressure on him to do that.
You can meet perceived danger with deadly force; and if you end up making a dodgy situation worse, you can fire your gun and claim self-defense.
And he was nine months away from death.
Bob Lefsetz shares some dos and don’ts , like: “Don’t think Apple is forever.” James Bond uses an Android smartphone.
Then, with any luck, the icicles will return, and I’ll need to thaw out with comfort food.
With Osama bin Laden dead, American troops leaving Iraq, the economy still sputtering and Congress locked in yet another budget showdown, one thing that seems clear is that Washington will very likely cut military spending sometime soon.
Mr. Grimes, 46, studied electrical engineering and computer science at the University of California, Berkeley, and worked briefly as a software engineer.
“We fear a programmed strangulation,” she said, warning Mr. Hollande, “Be careful not to turn our country into a sort of enclave disconnected from the rest of the world.” There are few Socialist ministers with any business experience.
With Tito and among ourselves.
May 6 at 7:30 p.m. $19 and $22.
At 9:30 p.m., Upright Citizens Brigade Theater, 307 West 26th Street, Chelsea, (212) 366-9176, newyork.ucbtheatre.com ; $15.
When he acquired his moniker “America’s oldest _________,” the concept of a teenager was still a little exotic and even slightly racy; he helped make it a bit less _________.
While the Christie’s auction was steeped in work by Abstract Expressionist painters like Rothko, whose 1961 canvas “Orange, Red, Yellow” sold for nearly $87 million — a record for any contemporary artwork at auction — the Sotheby’s sale had a different emphasis, with several top examples of Pop Art.
Researchers are virtually certain the amount of water vapor in the atmosphere will rise with temperature, and evidence suggests this is already happening.
When she thought her father was taking her from Englewood, N.J., to the Newark airport this month, Rachel Bhatia, 33, took a break from fiddling with her cellphone to find she was about to be driven across the George Washington Bridge to La Guardia.
A terrible call gave Seattle an undeserved touchdown and a win over Green Bay in Week 3.
Oh, but then there’s “Chinatown,” with all those sleek, expensive-looking suits and hats.
By the time their inaugural parade rolled the Sunday before Mardi Gras last year , they found themselves with 400 members.
That was an increase of 6.5 percent from the previous year.
On Sunday, Fleury gave up four goals on 22 shots.
Many had gone to prison for less, and recordings of Mr. Aboul Fotouh’s now legendary defiance still circulate on the Internet.
In “The Radetzky March,” the rise of the von Trotta clan from the Slovenian peasantry to Austrian nobility coincides with the halcyon years of the Hapsburg Empire, the youngest scion’s dissipation with its slow disintegration.
— Mike Tanier — MIKE TANIER Brady completes a third-and-3 for the Patriots first touchdown of the day, giving the Patriots a 10-9 lead with 8 seconds left in the first half.
Martin called for 193 pitches and spent almost five hours locked in intense strategic concentration, making hundreds of decisions that directly affected the outcome of the game.
It also includes an interview with Mr. Kelly, which, Mr. Browne said, had been lifted from old footage.
She was believed to have been the war’s last living veteran — the last anywhere of the tens of millions who served .
Although the person said the nature of Mr. Wang’s allegations was not clear, it is understood that he claimed that Mr. Heywood had not died of an alcohol overdose, but had been poisoned.
Having thought through the arguments, we decided 18 years ago that government should not compel people to buy health insurance.
ROBERT AND CYBIL, by Nora Roberts.
Illness, however, interrupted her career.
Although an agreement was reached with the Syrian government authorizing the deployment of at least 250 United Nations cease-fire monitors there, differences remained on their freedom of movement, nationalities and total number.
David Quolke, president of the Cleveland Teachers Union, said it followed two years of cutbacks and $25 million in concessions from the union.
On the northwest corner of 92nd Street and Madison Avenue in Manhattan, there was a message on the sidewalk in pink chalk on May 7.
The credit rating on the insured bank is one notch higher than on Goldman’s parent company because the subsidiary has the backing of the government.
Like too many Labyrinth productions, the play mostly seems to be a vehicle for actorly calisthenics.
Even pickles are romantic and a little louche on “Magic City,” which begins by ringing in 1959 at a New Year’s Eve party.
On Wednesday at 6:30 p.m. there will be a performance of “Perspective Coward,” a show about him by Laura Caufield, told in his words and music by a cast of four — Jason Burrow, Matthew Cleaver, Susan Molloy and Ethan Paulini.
After a drive bordering the immense and beautiful Huillinco Lake, we arrived at the isolated beach of Cucao on the Pacific.
Cable channels like MSNBC spend lavishly on parties.
For someone who claims to value transparency above all else, he has been nothing but opaque regarding his legal situation.
He also helped found LightsOver, a short-lived online group-buying service.
Local farmers are currently able to supply about 90 percent of our total needs – for vegetarian products, hash browns and most of our French fries.
Instead of smirking silently and then responding with a perfunctory “LOL,” though, the audience is expected to act that out.
While Stuller has been at the forefront of the just-in-time personalized manufacturing movement, scores of companies have followed suit.
“I am very anxious whether people are going to like it,” Ms. Roitfeld said.
At the same time, strong demand from state and local governments and pension funds in Malaysia has also been a supporting factor.
On Wednesday, the Italian lender said it would buy as much as 3 billion euros of hybrid securities at a discount of up to 50 percent.
The three prior killings had sent a shiver through Orange County’s homeless community.
NOTHING in Lyndsey Butler’s background suggested that she would create some of the fashion world’s more celebrated jackets.
Planting Fields Arboretum State Historic Park, 1395 Planting Fields Road.
Films on the Green: ‘Persepolis’ (Friday) This autobiographical animated movie by Marjane Persepolis, based on her graphic novel of the same title, focuses on a girl named Marjane growing up first in Iran and then in Vienna.
Ms. Loffler said, in an e-mail: I read the story, put the paper down, and found a block of wood to express in paint the feeling of what I had just read.
At the inquiry, headed by Lord Justice Sir Brian Leveson, Mr. Hunt faced intense questioning over e-mails, phone calls, text messages and other communications with Mr. Murdoch, his son James and News Corporation executives that suggested he was sympathetic to the bid.
20 Notre Dame responded to its overtime loss to St. Joseph’s on Friday by beating Brigham Young, 78-68, in the third-place game of the Coaches vs. Cancer Classic at Barclays Center on Saturday night.
International visitors are coming to American sites because of lower prices and the availability of products they cannot get in their own countries, according to Forrester.
He was the flawed lead witness for the government who testified that he took some of the money in question to build a home not far from the Edwards family home in Chapel Hill.
At a stop in Concord, he appeared to relish referencing Mr. Romney’s statement at a Nashua Chamber of Commerce breakfast earlier in the day that he liked “being able to fire people” whose performance disappointed him, although Mr. Romney was speaking more generally about businesses that provide bad service.
The city does not keep separate records for complaints about restaurant noise, but most New Yorkers know the culprits: restaurants with tumultuous bar scenes that spill onto the street at closing time, and sidewalk cafes that buzz into the wee hours.
CLIPPERS 102, RAPTORS 83 Jamal Crawford led a fourth-quarter rally by the reserves with 16 points and Los Angeles defeated Toronto to win its sixth straight game while handing the Raptors their 10th consecutive road loss.
On Wednesday the State Council, a body roughly akin to the White House cabinet, ordered plans for 20 more major projects in seven so-called strategic industries like advanced equipment manufacturing and energy conservation.
The waves that crashed into Namie not long after the magnitude 9.0 offshore earthquake at 2:46 p.m. that day swept entire houses out to sea, witnesses said.
Developed by his cousin Joji Marau Misaele, who teaches mechanical engineering at the university in Suva, the canoe, or camakau, is one of a number of new projects backed by nonprofit groups.
“And the only reason we won’t block it today is that we know it doesn’t pass constitutional muster and won’t become law.
The night before had had an almost jovial air.
“Asking for permission felt like the absolute right thing to do,” he said.
Visitation Thursday 4-7pm at Kraeer Funeral Home, 200 N. Federal Highway., Pompano Beach, FL.
Without such spending, the government becomes little more than a heavily armed pension plan with a health insurer on the side.
Suddenly, new evidence had entered the public domain — a boon for television networks since viewers these days are accustomed to what Tom Cibrowski, the senior executive producer of ABC’s “Good Morning America,” called “CSI-style investigations.” “People want to hear for themselves, see for themselves, analyze for themselves,” he said.
Most of Mozambique’s people live in rural areas, and almost all of them depend on farming.
With a certain regularity, New Yorkers are given the opportunity to engage in a satisfyingly maddening if futile pastime: decrying the obscenities of rent regulation .
Of course, the unit was slated for updating, but Mr. Meyer persuaded the building’s owner to preserve the details.
Visitors can see Tom Sachs’s 1996 chainsaw composed of Chanel shopping bags, Damien Hirst’s “Medicine Cabinet” (1997-98), or a couple of magazine covers from the 1960s designed by Barbara Kruger.
These include: “the whimper, the groan, the babble, the wail, the sigh, the shriek, the sob and words with meaning, such as ‘Mother!’ ‘Stop!’ ‘Let go!’ or ‘Enough!’ Cries like those of doves, cuckoos, green pigeons, parrots, bees, moorhens, geese, ducks and quails are important options for use in moaning.” America’s porn actors have clearly not made anywhere near a proper study of this sonic landscape.
Mr. Katzenbach was one of the “best and the brightest,” David Halberstam’s term for the likes of Robert S. McNamara, McGeorge Bundy, Walt Rostow and other ambitious, cerebral and often idealistic postwar policy makers who came to Washington from business and academia carrying golden credentials.
He is a rhythm player who is at his best when the ball is moving and the offense is flowing, allowing him to take advantage of open shots and off-balance defenders.
Other regulations will remain in effect.
Dr. James R. Lucie, a retired physician in Fruitport, Mich., has published a new biography, “Scagel Handmade,” explaining that the knife maker was simply twice divorced from incompatible spouses.
(Nine trumps are much better than eight, generating an extra trick some 80 percent of the time.)
He added that the other members often change and exchange their nicknames as part of a continuing cat-and-mouse game with the security services.
“Even if they are small, local polemics, they can leave a mark,” he said at a crowded news conference in Rome.
Many Republicans have called foul, describing “King of Bain” as a leftist attack on capitalism itself.
Pugach and his company, Boroda (“Beard”), sued Verbitsky for libel.
Baskets hold polyester flags with Nazi emblems.
Have them discuss what they see, using the same approach as above, talking about the artistic decisions, tone, narrative elements, choice of style and medium, how words and images play off one another, along with the points the post makes about the situation and what it reveals about its creator — or its readers.
Mr. Gupta’s lawyers have argued that he and Raj Rajaratnam , the former head of the now-defunct Galleon Group hedge fund, had a falling out over the fund’s collapse and as a result, Mr. Gupta had no reason to leak corporate secrets to Mr. Rajaratnam.
The controlled release of water was intended to take pressure off the dam, but was not expected to substantially raise the level of the river.
The board said that the proposed buildings were too dense and tall and that the addition of thousands of students and workers would erode the character of a still quaint and offbeat city quarter.
The council’s recommendation presents three alternatives, and officials said the council might adopt one, a combination of any of the three, or all or parts of other plans that have been offered by the mutual fund industry and others.
“I don’t know how many years I will release.
As president, his activities on Labor Day have charted the frustrating course of a term that has been defined by the slow economic recovery, which is the biggest threat to his re-election.
(Dargis) ‘The Raid: Redemption’ (R, 1:41, in Indonesian) The cops check into the Indonesian apartment complex teeming with villainy where much of this tediously violent action movie takes place, but most don’t check out.
The Senate will stick with the $1.047 trillion figure, meaning House and Senate spending bills will start out tens of billions of dollars apart.
(His first two responses contain mild spoilers about the film's final shot.)
Kathleen Engel, a professor at Suffolk University Law School in Boston said: “If there were any lingering doubts about whether the problems with loan documents in foreclosures were isolated, this study puts the question to rest.” The report comes just days after the $26 billion settlement over foreclosure improprieties between five major banks and 49 state attorneys general, including California ’s.
At the same time, you must also be trustworthy.
“We put out the fire.” The villagers also brought some of the burned blankets on motorbikes to display at the base, Camp Belambay, in Kandahar, and show that the bodies had been set alight.
She Owns It Portraits of women entrepreneurs.
“When the debtors entered bankruptcy on June 27, 2011, they did not have enough cash to meet payroll that was due in three days,” the team said, “and they were embroiled in a bitter dispute with Major League Baseball.” Indeed, Commissioner Bud Selig installed a monitor to run the team, over McCourt’s objections, and vetoed McCourt’s multi-billion-dollar plan to sell the team’s future TV rights to Fox Sports.
More coverage at nytimes.com/therail .
To the Editor: In “ As Reactors Age, the Money to Close Them Lags ” (news article, March 21), questions were raised about the adequacy of decommissioning money for Entergy’s nuclear plants.
The men who foisted this system on us were hardly more enthusiastic about it.
For an explanation of our methodology, visit https://www.nytimes.com/best-sellers.
(For the less adventurous, there are egg rolls, spring rolls and several kinds of fried rice.)
Anyone want to put money down that 99.9 percent of those suggestions will be something along the lines of: “Put the hoagie down.
He was 58 years old.
General Odierno foreshadowed his planning in an essay published last week in Foreign Affairs , in which he wrote that “the Army will need to preserve and enhance its relationship with joint Special Operations forces.” “The evolution of this partnership over the past decade has been extraordinary, and the ties can become even stronger as we continue to develop new operational concepts, enhance our training and invest in new capabilities,” he wrote.
In addition, the Times analysis showed, those settlements also repeatedly granted exemptions to the biggest Wall Street firms from punishments intended by Congress and regulators to act as a deterrent to multiple fraud violations.
So in two high-traffic areas in the Austin office and in Mountain View, we have this giant 70-inch TV with a high-end video camera on it, and it’s meant to be, basically, a window.
players in Europe, Jaromir Jagr’s stint as player/owner of his hometown club is working out very well so far.
Other than that, Chen, a fly-ball pitcher, kept the ball in the stadium’s compact confines.
Or it’s directing or editing.” And yet the more fluid definition of the creative process as outlined by the Guild, whose East Coast arm was a co-sponsor of Silverdocs, a documentary festival in Maryland in June, speaks to a younger generation of documentary filmmakers, most of whom have disavowed the fly-on-the-wall manifestoes of direct-cinema pioneers like Richard Leacock.
Canadianization was not limited to cars.
By sunrise, though, some people in and around Steubenville had gotten word that the night of fun on Aug. 11 might have taken a grim turn, and that members of the Steubenville High football team might have been involved.
JEKYLL & HYDE Constantine Maroulis will play the two-faced London doctor in this revival of the 1997 musical that ran on Broadway for over 1,500 performances.
But we are a quality team.
/AIDS, the campus events go beyond instruction on safe sex, rape prevention and sexually transmitted diseases to giving advice on how to feel more comfortable and fulfilled sexually, all, at least in theory, in a judgment-free atmosphere that embraces all lifestyles.
While the Rams do play in the C.A.A., they more closely resemble, in terms of facilities and money raised, perhaps an Atlantic 10 team.
Mr. De Grauwe has written extensively on how the cycle of fear and panic in the bond markets is pushing countries that may not need a bailout to ask for one.
chose not to regulate two weeks ago – increased 43 percent and 21 percent, respectively.
Senate polls had a Democratic bias in 1992 and 1994 but a Republican bias in 1998, 2000 and 2006.
We see little Joseph Levering, a schoolboy, holding a whale oil lantern over his father and other men as they apply their war paint.
“When I heard the contact I said, ‘That ball’s gone,’ ” Nova said.
A Twitter comment on methane leakage from gas operations reminded me to add a note about another ripe opportunity for citizens to track gas leaks from drilling operations, compressing stations or pipelines: Raise money for some infrared cameras and then survey your region periodically.
“Not graze sheep.” Although students in urban areas are familiar with electoral process, having become used to electing class monitors, for Gujjar and the 129 other students of the rural, Government Upper Primary Sanskriti School situated amidst green fields several hours outside the state capital of Jaipur, the idea was a novelty.
Pew advocates adoption of a simple box, or form, with basic information.
Yet under most circumstances, you still get the innate fuel efficiency of the 2-liter engine.
By Monday afternoon, Mr. Singh’s written statement to Parliament was made public on government Web sites.
Politicians publicly distance themselves and their parties from the khaps’ stances but stop short of any other action.
A slightly condensed excerpt from Mr. Osnos’s post: There is some debate about whether the limo was blocked in a coördinated effort by two cars, or if it was simply stopped by traffic.
Last fall she sang three performances of the title role in Donizetti’s “Anna Bolena” in the Met production created for Anna Netrebko.
But polls released Tuesday morning suggested that Mr. Romney remained well ahead of the rest of the field as the state’s voters began arriving at their polling locations.
He is staying the course and will open tomorrow.
He is extremely kind to unwanted dogs.
I combined quinoa with cooked carrots and caraway (probably not the flavor my reader was looking for, but delicious, and I’ve added a sweet variation), and with cauliflower and cumin.
“It’s the same melody throughout, so that you’re already accustomed to it, and you’re forced to listen to the lyrics.” After the run of “Gentlemen Prefer Blondes” ends on Sunday, Ms. Hilty is set to record original material for an album, her first, on Sony’s Masterworks imprint.
A stampede in an indoor stadium, the Madrid Arena, killed three young women and critically injured two others early Thursday as thousands of people attended a Halloween dance party, officials said.
Tell me about the culture of your company.
The American International Group , the huge insurer that came close to collapsing during the financial crisis before being bailed out by the federal government, said on Thursday that its earnings more than doubled in the first quarter.
It was the first Monday in June, counting down to a United States Supreme Court decision that could transform the landscape of American health care.
From 8:30 to 11 p.m., Smalls, 183 West 10th Street, West Village, (212) 252-5091, smallsjazzclub.com; $20 cover.
A recent poll there put him slightly behind both Mr. Santorum and Mitt Romney.
benefits that include expedited access to security.
That said, the two-time champion did not dominate the field as he did in 2011, when he won 11 races and helped deliver the constructors’ championship to Red Bull.
If we were not hosted by the people, we could not fight in these districts.” In the western Damascus neighborhood of Mezze, opposition activists reported helicopters firing heavy machine guns and tanks shelling buildings.
Directly below were the cars heading into town, but they were Matchbox size, insignificant compared to the vast expanse of the bay.
Back home, she realized Mr. Gullo’s “regular” status at the Gallows would now have a different tone.
June 23 at 5 p.m. $25.
“It’s very difficult to take a dog for a walk here because of the attacks from street dogs,” said Dr. Radhey S. Sharma, president of the Indian Veterinary Association.
Mr. Paul has spent considerable time in Maine — in fact, he departed the campaign trail early in Florida in order to visit it.
There are flan and tres leches cake for dessert, but at least walk past the Carvel ice cream shop around the corner at Webster Avenue and 189th, a 1950s free-standing drive-in-style place with a Jetsonian slanted roof.
Meanwhile, the European Union, the United States and the Arab League — which separately imposed sanctions on Syria — need to implement them strictly.
$8 and $10; members and under 6, free.
The toll of the N.B.A.
There is so much more to that picture that most people are not aware of.
And Representative Michele Bachmann of Minnesota, who won a straw poll of Republican voters here in August but saw her support dwindle in recent months, was a distant sixth, reflecting a primary race of extraordinarily volatility.
President Nasheed now has no portforlio in his party.
So I would add to Danielle Ofri’s moving account of losing patients to the AIDS epidemic only that some of the patients we lost were our fellow physicians.
“La Jolla finds itself caught in a morass of state regulations — and it stinks.
As Luhrmann writes, “God wants to be your friend; you develop that relationship through prayer; prayer is hard work and requires effort and training; and when you develop that relationship, God will answer back, through thoughts and mental images he places in your mind, and through sensations he causes in your body.” Evangelicals have drawn on the insights of modern psychotherapy and ancient traditions of spiritual formation to learn to pray in a way that transforms their minds and — they believe — has astonishing power in real life.
Keller has come back from a lingering hamstring injury, and Sanchez clearly likes having him around.
A Taliban spokesman for eastern Afghanistan, Zabiullah Mujahid, strongly condemned Mr. Zoi’s killing and in a telephone interview denied that the Taliban had been involved.
Later, his office issued a statement that he had since checked into the letters.
So to her pink and gray letterpress invitations, she added a Quick Response (QR) code, a pixelated square that can be scanned with a smartphone.
The complaint sets up a rare public fight between owners and the league — with the union, unusually, on the same side as the league.
It was one part buoyant confidence and one part symbolic opportunity that led Mr. Romney to deliver an economic speech just a short stroll from Mr. Obama’s actual backyard.
“No president should have the power to create a board with this much control over health care.” Representative Alcee L. Hastings, Democrat of Florida, said: “I am appalled by the hypocrisy of my Republican colleagues who keep stating that federal spending needs to be kept under control.
Excluding taxes and special items, Ford earned $2.29 billion, or 39 cents a share, its 11th consecutive quarterly operating profit.
I want to see each of my students take this array of things, on paper or with the products I’ve set there, each of them arrange a wall over a sofa so that I see how they do it and show them how you hang a grouping.
Still, the Journey R/T is not likely to go down in Mopar history as the most coveted performance edition of a Dodge.
What emerged was Tuesday’s deal — and a looming end to the Smith Barney name, coined from the 1938 merger of Charles D. Barney & Company and Edward B. Smith.
The initial ads were mocked as “Zen advertising” for showing nature scenes rather than cars; by the time ads with Infinitis appeared, critics were in high dudgeon.
Yet this interweaving is also what finally heals Edward, rendering him whole again, like one of the old tapestries he watches being repaired in the textile conservation lab at the Met.
His act shows off the genetic makeup of many older comics, including Steven Wright’s deadpan, Dennis Miller’s snark and Don Rickles’s insults.
Mr. Holley said that the company’s focus on cheap prices had helped, and that women’s workout apparel, jeans and underwear were popular.
says is its superior manpower, with some rebel officials claiming as many as 10,000 men.
Mr. Larcom noted that while the Web site AnnArbor.com had improved, the Web site and paper lost columns, features and investigative pieces.
The deal “marks the end of an important chapter — our assistance to A.I.G.
And it’s quite possible that this rather serious emphasis, all those years ago, alerted the casting director that this 9-year-old girl should play Hermione Granger in the Harry Potter movies, rather than the umpteen thousand others who were gagging, swooning, dying to do so.
And the Gupta trial is expected to be the last for the prosecutor Reed Brodsky, who also prosecuted Mr. Rajaratnam.
Writing in The Times about this Merchant-Ivory adaptation of Diane Johnson’s novel, A. O. Scott said that despite a cast of excellent actors — among them Stephen Fry, Sam Waterston, Stockard Channing, Glenn Close, Leslie Caron and Thierry Lhermitte — the film “is pretty weak tea, a thin and unsatisfying concoction that somehow manages to make one of the richest and most durable sources of culture-clash comedy into an occasion for dullness.” He added, “What’s French for annulment?” 8 P.M. (Sundance) ICONOCLASTS Two British tastemakers — the chef Jamie Oliver and the fashion designer Paul Smith — talk about their friendship, work and inspirations while touring Mr. Oliver’s test kitchen and Mr. Smith’s atelier.
Easy for a Thursday, but a pretty nifty idea nonetheless.
CULTURE FACTORY Head to the Korjaamo Culture Factory (Toolonkatu 51a-b; 358-20-741-7000), a former depot that’s traded trams for bands and token-takers for joke-makers.
“If you go back to them and ask them to re-consent, you are telling them something is there,” Dr. Green said.
WHEN Carnegie Hall kicked off what has become an annual series of big festivals based on big personalities and big cultures, it planted a flag first in familiar soil.
“Luceo has been quite generous.
The consensus of polls suggests that minority turnout may be down a bit from 2008 .
His willingness to tuck affordable apartments into his gleaming towers is perhaps a reasonable political tradeoff rather than a testament to his character.
Despite exemplary works by Marsden Hartley, Jasper Johns and Robert Mapplethorpe, it is more sketchy overview than thorough examination and often errs on the side of mild-mannered caution.
The inland portion of the pier features the 2 playgrounds and 57 picnic tables fashioned from thick slabs of long-leaf yellow pine and topped with metal mesh umbrellas in aqua blue.
also learned that Mr. Jobs’s overall grade point average at Homestead High School, from which he graduated in 1972, was a 2.65 out 4.0.
ALONE AND SAFE Safety is a significant factor in deciding where and how to travel, especially if you’re on your own.
NEWS North Korea launched a long-range rocket on Wednesday morning that appeared to reach as far as the Philippines, an apparent success for the country’s young and untested new leader, Kim Jong-un, and a step toward the nation’s goal of mastering the technology needed to build an intercontinental ballistic missile.
White stopped in front of one cute girl in bluejeans and Vans.
“Things are not black and white, so that making a judgment on who is at fault in the marriage, even when there’s been something like adultery, is difficult,” she said.
Such is the omnipotence of the Castillian club, Real Madrid, and the Catalan team, Barcelona, that this is already the 13th meeting between them in less than two years.
The forecast model randomly assigns Mr. King a party in each simulation based on these probabilities, meaning that Maine is likely to be a de facto Democratic pickup.
More recently, several economic releases have suggested that growth in the United States and China may be weakening.
ROXBURY Minor Memorial Library “Mono No Aware: The Awareness of Things,” works by Terri Tibbatt.
Mondays through Saturdays, 10 a.m. to 5 p.m.; Sundays, noon to 5 p.m. Peabody Museum of Natural History, Yale University, 170 Whitney Avenue.
On the other side of the wall holding this work hangs a similarly large and powerful reprise of Courbet’s 1866 “Sleep.” Ms. Thomas has translated its pair of embracing women — a blonde and a brunette — into a dark-skinned black woman and a light-skinned one, transporting them from a silken bed to an Edenic landscape whose fault lines are highlighted in fluorescent orange.
A spokesman for the state medical examiner’s office said late Sunday that nobody had yet come forward to claim their bodies.
The board considered multiple options, including buying and selling assets.
The Syrian opposition claims the five were members of Iran’s Revolutionary Guard Corps; the Iranian engineering group Mapna insists they were its employees.
But the recent international history of film is also a story of emerging and re-emerging hot spots, and the Film Comment program offers an intriguing glimpse of what is happening in some of those places.
On Monday, Cardinal Dolan clutched the elbow of his mother, Shirley, 84, as they mounted the white marble steps of a hangar-size Vatican reception hall for a formal audience with the pope.
“I’m sure those lucky enough to have a high-profile sponsor can appreciate us protecting the Games and ensuring that money can be distributed to sports, athletes and smaller N.O.C.’s that aren’t lucky enough to have such a profile,” Adams said, referring to national organizing committees.
Field offices serve as a base for the most effective get-out-the-vote tactics, like door-to-door canvassing.
But at least we’ll have been warned.
One focal point is Dauphin Island, Ala., where homes have been repeatedly wrecked by hurricanes and rebuilt with federal assistance.
So far, Mr. Tebow has worked with brands like Jockey, Nike and EA Sports, though some industry professionals say that he will have to come to peace with New York and what it represents if he is to thrive here.
“Why wouldn’t she think what the Libyan president said mattered?” Collins wondered.
Or that “vertical farms” within cities have a real potential to provide vegetables and fruits to local consumers on a mass scale?
That said, even if the overall structural unemployment rate is not much higher today than it was before the recession, at 5 to 6 percent, significant costs remain in terms of forgone employment and output.
At midnight, I heard church bells, a sound that only exacerbated my disgust and self-pity.
While it was not the first social Internet company, it has quickly become the largest.
“I think we have very talented players,” Prokhorov said.
If you found yourself in a situation where you felt threatened but could safely retreat, you had the duty to do so.
YouTube is trying to encourage casual users to use it more like diehards, who return every day or when they have a few minutes, to check in on their favorite channels.
King Blues Club & Grill, 237 West 42nd Street, Manhattan, (800) 745-3000, bbkingblues.com ; $150.
Ortiz has a 1.047 career O.P.S.
Referring to his non-aggression tack at Atlanta, Gordon added, “It’s not going to happen twice.”
Just to round things off, here’s another puzzle on postponed logic.
As their parents sat anxiously in a waiting room, five children were sharpening their test-taking skills in a tutoring center in TriBeCa, underlining words that might hold clues to the answers and crossing off the illogical multiple-choice options intended to trip them up.
“Newt was willing to tear up the system to get the majority,” Mr. Lott, who supports Mitt Romney, said in an interview last year, before Mr. Gingrich’s recent surge in the polls.
“This will make the overall economy less stable and less conducive to growth,” David Hirschmann, head of the Center for Capital Markets Competitiveness at the Chamber of Commerce, said in a letter.
Whatever changes are put in will be done in time for the 2012-13 season.
“I guess only time will tell.” Dake, who grew up in Ithaca, N.Y, and rose to wrestling prominence by winning three national titles at nearby Lansing High School, will wrestle twice Sunday, in the morning against Zach Toal of Missouri and in the afternoon with the third-ranked Tyler Caldwell of Oklahoma State.
The crux of the case revolved around the relationship between Mr. McGee and the insurance executive.
Unshaken is the perception that we worship an object called the Fee.
In fact, though, the four-digit numbers required to use cash machines are one element of an extremely strong security model that most of today’s Web sites fall well short of matching.
“These issues were going to come up anyway, and you might as well have your best and most articulate spokesman on the field making the case for it, and that is Paul Ryan.” Mr. Ryan’s new prominence has abruptly thrust Medicare into the top tier of issues, but it was always going to be a theme in the 2012 House and Senate elections and was already playing a role in advertising.
But why would such expectations be a drag on the economy?
According to preliminary results released Saturday night by the election commission or its local affiliates, Fatah-controlled lists won majorities of the council seats in Hebron, the West Bank’s largest city; Bethlehem, where a woman is poised to become mayor; El Bireh and Beituniya, small cities neighboring Ramallah, the seat of government for the Palestinian Authority; and Tulkarm.
The monthly employment report comes from two surveys — one of businesses, from which the net job growth is calculated, and one of households, which generates the unemployment rate.
Sandor Krauss, a Manhattan real estate lawyer, had 16 closings scheduled for this week and said he was on pace to do as many as 70 closings this month — triple the volume he did last December.
“I never actually won any fights then.
But I will have to do some serious thinking as the fall approaches before our fall season begins.” The college, a small private institution in Lancaster, Pa., declined to make any of its top officials available for comment, but a spokeswoman said that it stood behind its decision to fire Coach Lauren Paul and suspend the players.
The stylish stage and screen veterans Reg E. Cathey, Annette O’Toole, Steve Mellor and (oh, my gosh) Kathy Najimy have been brought together to deliver the gospel according to Gurney, which they do with both godly sincerity and devilish flair.
Mr. Parker said he wanted to grab the attention of those who were not avid technology users and reel in a big group of the curious on the first day.
“He lost the third debate on Wednesday.” “Want to see the email of someone who’s desperate?” her letter goes on.
HOW interested are you in this summer’s Olympics?
That eighth person camped in the wilderness in the park’s high country and stayed in a tent cabin at the Tuolumne Meadows Lodge, according to park officials.
It will be the world’s third largest hydroelectric dam, capable of generating more than 11,000 megawatts of electricity.
Cup, which the club lost to Chelsea.
Still, he can handle anything with a motor, and he taught me how to drive a 16-ton Caterpillar loader in the winter darkness.
Last week , lawmakers sent letters to 34 app developers requesting information about their data-collection techniques.
Congress must approve these nuclear deals.
The vast majority are benign — and, indeed, in many circumstances, perfectly normal.
His first product was the Motorlight Floor lamp, a motorized fixture that allows its owner to adjust the spread of the beam of light.
Who among us really fears that future editions of this newspaper will be written in emoticons?
He sketched a picture of what “distributed manufacturing” by microbes might look like: say a perfume company could design a bacterium to produce an appealing aroma; “rather than running this in a large-scale fermenter, they would upload the DNA sequences onto the future equivalent of iTunes,” he said.
Kevin Feige, the Marvel Studios president, had told me you essentially won the “Avengers” assignment with a single e-mail.
“It’s a tremendous turnaround.” When all the projects are completed this year and next, those plants alone are expected to add roughly 630 new manufacturing jobs.
I am more on the side that I like to do what I want to do when I want to do it.” So this independent woman instead selected to get services at home from the retirement community’s “C.C.R.C.
He made the Final Four each season, killed Kentucky with a memorable shot and had hair that was unforgettable.
“These courts aren’t as good,” she said of the far practice courts, “but you have to be able to win on anything.” Starr used to train at the Key Biscayne facility outside Miami, but returned home because New York was a better place for her family.
It would be best served if the major powers stay united and Israeli leaders temper loose talk of war.
This should be realistic fiction, not science fiction).
They implicate a possible symphonic interaction of DNA, hormones, neurons, anticipatory fantasies, memories and thoughts, as well as the constraints and opportunities of our culture.
Filmmakers definitely want to engage in more commercial forms and entertain their audiences.” This year, for example, the group received a few submissions that were clearly targeting teenagers.
We take the timely and accurate compensation of our employees very seriously and we are working directly with impacted employees to make them whole immediately.” Mr. Hurley said the slow response indicated that the company had no contingency plan if the new system did not work.
“20th Annual Members’ Art Exhibition,” featuring fine art paintings, drawings, photography and sculpture.
In the 1840 presidential election, thanks to the strength of its delegation in Washington, New York commanded 15 percent of the Electoral College’s votes.
Williams said, “I guess he had some boys in the crowd he wanted to impress or something like that, while he can, the little minutes he’s going to get this year.” Price apparently made a reference to this being his home.
FEW things are as likely to strike fear in the hearts of men as the sight of a receding hairline in the bathroom mirror.
But last summer, as readers of this column may recall, I forswore reading any more books or articles of golf instruction.
“Investors are looking for private equity firms with strong roots and high levels of expertise,” Mr. Caselli said.
Thus Republicans are now using the fiscal impasse to try to raise the age for Medicare and reduce Social Security benefits by changing the index used to adjust them for inflation.
“Ghost Rider: Spirit of Vengeance” is rated PG-13 (Parents strongly cautioned) for scary stuff of all sorts, occasional rough language and painful-looking urination.
The arguments before the court that will ultimately decide whether the law is struck down will not have any practical impact until June, when the justices’ decision is expected .
It seems that while everyone loves a winner, everyone loves a loser a bit more.
Naturally, a Twitter hashtag emerged to take up the cause: #zuckerbergshoodie.
I get up around 7:30, get the house together, and then I make breakfast: oatmeal and coffee.
“I feel a lot of this is just common sense,” he went on.
Its date-night crowd goes to party to the mantra “Be there and be square,” projected on screen before each event underneath a line drawing of stylishly geeky spectacles.
The quality of their water is sometimes so bad that many communities are forced to install expensive water treatment plants or filters in individual homes.
On “A Queens Story” he recounts his early tug of war between the streets and music, and he affectionately eulogizes old friends who didn’t make it.
When asked that question, Mr. Bergeron replied: “Our role here is to make sure the law is applied.”
It was further obscured by the publication that year of Kate Millett's best seller, ''Sexual Politics,'' which made the feminist case against Freud (and others) for what she called his ''male supremacist bias.''
He’s ahead of Rick Santorum by roughly 22 points, 50 percent to 28 percent, based on CNN’s exit poll , figures that are close to what was projected by pre-election surveys .
Of late, he has been an outspoken analyst on Fox Soccer, which carried the game nationally in the United States.
In this world they are called festivals, but closer examination shows the term to be rubber-band stretchy.
(Chinen) Ingrid Laubrock’s Anti-House (Friday) Ms. Laubrock is a tenor and soprano saxophonist of experimental temperament — the name of this band, with its flat negation of shelter, feels appropriate — and she knows how to rally other musicians to her cause.
“I think people are smarter than that,” she said.
Participating chefs include Emmanuel Stroobant, Jean-Georges Vongerichten and Michael White.
Curious, Zuk pulled off the freeway to check out the game, where he said he unexpectedly saw Carter lighting up the field.
ICDDR,B is a locally-based institute that has been working hand-in-hand with mothers from poor communities for several generations.
But, with more than eight million jobs lost since the recession began in December 2007, stronger growth is needed to restore employment to precrisis levels.
Ghosts have always roamed freely through James Lee Burke’s haunting mysteries set in the Louisiana bayous and featuring Dave Robicheaux, a sheriff’s deputy in Iberia Parish.
“We were hoping to capture lightning in a bottle, and that it was a win-win for everyone,” Big Ten Commissioner Jim Delany said.
“There is no way to transfer their bodies,” he said.
A proposal last year to establish an anti-corruption ombudsman did not pass Parliament.
and the limits and glories of Storify.
He scoffed, but he was willing to try a course of cognitive-behavioral therapy and antidepressant medication, if only to feel better.
“Maybe I don’t even see,” he said.
That compares to about a third of adults worldwide, according to Gallup surveys conducted in 146 countries last year.
The rules on expulsion from the system have not changed.
Under special scrutiny are Olympus’s nominees for the posts of president and chairman, Hiroyuki Sasa and Yasuyuki Kimoto.
is a long season, and those times when you feel down and all that kind of stuff, they’re good for each other.” Not incidentally, Fields has also been playing some of his best basketball during the Knicks’ seven-game winning streak, averaging 10.9 points, 6.1 rebounds and 3.3 assists, while shooting 50 percent from the field.
“Women contribute as much as 90 percent of their income towards their home while men tend to spend their income on non-essential items such as alcohol,” Bina Agarwal, director of the Institute of Economic Growth, said.
With segmentation, book publishers can offer cheaper editions of their works in less-developed countries, without concern that those copies will be resold in the United States and unfairly undercut sales here.
The decision by Mr. Balsillie and Mr. Lazaridis to step aside comes after an agreement RIM reached last year with Northwest and Ethical Investments , a mutual fund company controlled by several Canadian credit unions, to study the relationship between RIM’s directors and its two senior managers.
Although proponents of private partnerships point to lower costs for construction and operation, those savings are not necessarily passed on to students.
But that is expected to change, which would leave Clear Channel and other broadcasters exposed to expanding royalty payments.
He was talked out of it because many of the roads were impassable.
(The one exception has always been Kenneth W. Starr, the independent counsel who investigated his attempts to cover up his affair with Ms. Lewinsky in a sexual harassment lawsuit.
Today, many can find some consolation in science, which has made it possible to overcome many of age’s once unavoidable limitations.
Once charged, he says, it can operate for a whole week without sun.
Professor Ben-Joseph notes there are a few examples of more humane and sensibly planned lots, their asphalt punctuated with a few trees for shade or solar lighting.
Brother of Dr. John, Rev.
About 19 hours after saying the Nets would make their regular-season debut Thursday night at Barclays Center against the Knicks , the N.B.A.
Like Mr. Romney, he has spent a good part of the campaign prospecting for donations among the 1 percent, rubbing shoulders with Anna Wintour and George Clooney and exhorting his wealthiest backers to give more.
He’s one of those guys, I don’t want to say his weight on camera, but he’s a big guy, you can all see that.
One customer who recently spotted the new Craftsman tool, called the Max Axess wrench, thought it was an obvious knockoff, right down to the try-me packaging.
As a group of four, we all learn from each other.
The city gained 623 Isabellas and 851 Jaydens last year, out of 123,029 New York-born babies in all.
Within the span of a few short blocks one encounters the United Nations -- people from all walks of life speaking hundreds of diverse languages.
“If you really want to be the class mom, do all the volunteering and be at your child’s school a lot, great!” said Anne T. Henderson, a senior consultant at the Annenberg Institute for School Reform.
In the middle of a phone call with a friend you’re trying to meet for drinks, you can transmit your location so the other party can see where you are on a map.
Anne Wright Fleming, a daughter of Susan R. Fleming and Robert J. Fleming of Philadelphia, was married Saturday evening to William Stephen Wright, a son of Lauri S. Wright and Michael C. Wright of Mendham, N.J.
He was looking for the holy grail of Long Island Rail Road accommodations for himself and his girlfriend: two seats together.
Mr. Latham has been a far more successful fund-raiser.
The identity of the duplex buyer, a non-boldface-type, was shielded by a limited-liability company, 130 W12 11B.
In March, the writer Orhan Pamuk was fined about $3,670 by a Turkish court for his statement in a Swiss newspaper that Turkey had killed “30,000 Kurds and one million Armenians.” Turkey contends that Armenians were not the victims of systematic killings and argues that no more than 500,000 Armenians died, noting that many Turks also perished during those years of war.
Everyone said to me, ‘What are you doing there?’ ” Mr. Johnson told investors in September.
(He won Tony Awards for variations on that type in the musicals “Dirty Rotten Scoundrels” and “Catch Me if You Can” ).
Try to meet coaches and music directors while you are on campus.
— Kelly Osbourne (@MissKellyO) December 7, 2012 Thousands of pointed complaints were posted on social media sites, advertisers pulled their spots from the show and the hospital’s chairman assailed the radio network.
Mr. Abu Salah was the rebel media coordinator in the besieged Homs district of Baba Amr in February, when government shelling killed Marie Colvin , an American correspondent for London’s Sunday Times, along with Rémi Ochlik, a French photographer.
I will love you and miss you forever.
It was toward the end of her course that the building’s current owner, Chazon L.L.C., bought the lofts.
The Week’s Bests Dr. Jeff Cornwall questions your intestinal fortitude : “Having guts to be an entrepreneur does not imply that you take careless risks – quite the contrary.
After all, if what you’re concerned about is minimizing harm and maximizing utility, then the fact that attempts at open marriage tend to inflict “terrible damage on the married parties, their families” and potentially their friends as well seems like a pretty strong moral case against the practice.
(Of course, because the ratings are for the commercials themselves, fast-forwarding isn’t counted.)
“One of the great fears was that banks could avoid the rule by simply pretending that their prop trading was somehow their market-making or hedging,” a Congressional aide told me.
Look for the most Islamic of Pakistani restaurants.
Applicant numbers include all applications made by students up until June 30, the general deadline for submission.
Don Power has four tips for managing multi-author blogs.
A next step, already in progress, is to correlate damage to specific brain structures with symptoms.
At times, however, their agendas seemed contradictory: The patriarch warned Georgians that they morally damaged their children by sending them abroad for education, while Mr. Saakashvili used state funds to place foreigners in village schools across the country, in part to free them from Soviet-era mores.
There is rarely any extra food in my home.
Davis, who spends his off-seasons in Arizona, was then sent for further exams in New York.
He is more than a pitcher you can’t hit.
But Mr. Obama pointedly took several days to call Mr. Putin to congratulate him; by contrast, he called Fran?s Hollande within hours of his victory over Nicolas Sarkozy in the French presidential elections on Sunday.
Afghanistan is a case in point.
The Waverider buoy is 1 meter in diameter, and nearly invisible amid 10-meter waves.
There is now also a new Harvard degree, a Masters in Medical Sciences and Global Health Delivery, which will begin this autumn.
Most of these intensely realized pictures, which form the core of the exhibition, were made at a single sitting.
— ANDY NEWMAN By Sunday afternoon, more transit services announced their plans to shut down.
The event is open to the public.
The plucky, independently minded music festival enters its fourth year with likewise sessions focused on art (June 15-17) and film (June 18-21).
“He didn’t go the traditional route.
For 2006, the most recent year for which data are available, the I.R.S.
Sarshad--Dorothy, October 24, 1918, died March 28, 2012.
On Saturday afternoon, that pressure was lifted for a few minutes when the comedian Tracy Morgan attended practice.
In his latest budget proposal, President Obama also requested an additional $2.8 billion a year for job training over the next decade.
This time around, the old gal just seems to be mailing it in.
That point is central to “The Insurgents,” a very readable, thoroughly reported account of how, in American military circles, “counterinsurgency” became a policy instead of a dirty word.
He himself was saving up for one, he added, and planned to “use it a lot.” Money flowed magically from my pocket.
WASHINGTON DEPOT Behnke Doherty Gallery “Mastering Serenity: Asian Art and Its Influences,” group show.
The impact has devastated much of Spain’s coastal economy.
“It’s a shame because the job I love the most is what is killing me,” Mr. Romanelli said on Tuesday.
It’s going to be one of the weaker point guard drafts in years.
Last year, Kelli Grant, who works at a molecular diagnostic company and lives in San Antonio, became alarmed when her 3-year-old Shetland sheepdog, Addie, developed bad diarrhea and lethargy and quickly dropped from a healthy 38 pounds to a skeletal 26.
So things are going to be fine as usual with the program.
Into each of these holes we place two tapered shims and a wedge.
“That sounds like a lawsuit waiting to happen.” I had to agree.
Mr. Williams is back for his second presidential election night as anchor, but Mr. Gibson, who retired three years ago, will not; heading the coverage instead will be the pair that sat alongside him in 2008, Diane Sawyer and George Stephanopoulos.
While proxy season has long been the domain of labor unions and activist investors with large personalities and forceful demands, increasingly it is mutual funds and other more tempered institutional shareholders who are criticizing lavish pay packages and questioning corporate governance.
In the other camp are those like Syriza that want to stay in the euro but scrap the loan deal entirely, a position that critics of Syriza maintain is impossible.
TEANECK Benjamin Franklin Middle School The Ridgewood Gilbert and Sullivan Opera Company presents “The Pirates of Penzance,” opera by Gilbert and Sullivan.
He finished the season ranked second in the N.B.A.
But she acknowledged that she hasn’t seen “Girls,” the HBO series by Lena Dunham about college graduates in Brooklyn.
Everybody is with the program.” Dr. Taylor and other experts said that parents can take some of the ecological psychology lessons from places like Chenery Park.
I can stop this notebook right where I am,” he writes.
In this particular case, he does have room to run to the right of the president, since Mr. Obama has not gotten along well with Prime Minister Benjamin Netanyahu.
“Detroit has figured out a solution for its center city, which maybe encompasses five to seven square miles of a 140-square mile city,” he said.
During the trial, Mr. Strickler contended that Mr. Haldeman’s intercession in the F.B.I.’s initial Watergate investigation resulted from his desire to protect a sensitive C.I.A.
I arrived in London a few days too late to be a firsthand witness to the parades and parties and river flotillas that commemorated her 60 years on the throne.
For years, veterans and others have pored over the camp’s ruins, laying memorial stones amid the outcroppings of broken brick and concrete scattered among the pine trees, all that remains of the 60-acre site built by the Germans to house 10,000 captured fliers.
Those not bound by matrimony must bunk apart, as Lucy Hazebrook, 50, and her partner of six years, David Hill, 61, do.
Their voices are being heard over those of the 1.2 million workers who would benefit.
Williams’s numbers are flipped: 83.56 percent over all and 87.55 in the majors.
Or you can get the wrong box from the funeral home and end up reciting “Do Not Go Gentle Into That Good Night” over the urn of some unknown person who it turns out thought Dylan Thomas was a drunken blowhard.
These trends have gone hand-in-hand with a steady decline in business investment.
At some point in the process — Mr. Petraeus told lawmakers he was not sure where — objections were raised to naming the groups, and the less specific word “extremists” was substituted.
In keeping with this philosophy, Stern’s studio doubles as the Broome Street Temple , a consecrated Hindu worship space with shrines to Ganesh, Radha, Krishna and Hanuman, and a meditation cave.
Church of St. Ignatius Loyola (Roman Catholic), 980 Park Avenue at 84th Street.
Ms. Van Houten, who was accused in only the LaBianca murders, had been represented by Ronald Hughes, but during a recess as the trial approached its conclusion, Mr. Hughes vanished after a hard rainstorm while he was on a camping trip.
On their own, they acquired Jamal Crawford, Lamar Odom, Matt Barnes and Grant Hill.
Thierry Henry scored in the third minute, then sent a perfect lead pass onto the foot of his front-line running mate Kenny Cooper for the game’s second goal three minutes later as the Red Bulls defeated the short-handed Colorado Rapids, 4-1, before 21,024.
“We hear that the congress will be held in late October or early November,” a security official from southern China said.
Yes, there had been late surges in polls, but they benefited candidates who seemed to have earned them: Rick Santorum in Iowa and Jon M. Huntsman Jr. in New Hampshire, who had concentrated heavily on those states and who were good cultural fits for them.
Two weeks ago I was in Ottawa for the All-Star Game, so it has also opened my eyes to seeing a lot of really great places around North America.
“As I was trying to head the ball,” Puyol complained, “I had my shirt pulled.
Laden with luggage, we ran, knocking into vegetable delivery men and waylaid shoppers.
Below are excerpts of the conversation.
“It used to be the worst beer city in Britain,” he added, Now, he said, it’s “great.” Despite London’s extensive brewing traditions, the current beer scene can be surprisingly open-minded, as evinced by Euston Tap’s hop-forward draft list, where Modus Hoperandi from Colorado’s Ska Brewing and other burly American imports were matched by similarly broad-shouldered locals, like Big Chief IPA from Redemption Brewing in North London, which offered an intense, tropical-fruit hop profile that would shock fans of more traditional — and more austere — British flavors.
“You don’t hear anything about the good stuff.
Starting in April, Mr. Browett, 48, will become Apple’s senior vice president for retail, reporting to Timothy D. Cook, Apple’s chief executive.
BLOOMBERG NEWS Subscriptions Are an Entrepreneur’s Best Friend | When Alex Zhardanovsky set out to prove that his start-up PetFlow was not just the next Pets.com, he used a time-tested tactic increasingly adopted by other tech entrepreneurs: he asked customers to subscribe, The New York Times reports.
Events for a Summertime Chill Theater H. P. LOVECRAFT FESTIVAL Sundays through July 29, Kraine Theater, 85 East Fourth Street, East Village, (212) 868-4444, radiotheatrenyc.com ; $18.
Mr. Romney received a cordial reception from the audience, which applauded the loudest when he said he would not apologize for believing in capitalism.
Beaming Brotherhood supporters streamed in, swelling the crowd to perhaps 100,000 by nightfall.
Renovations had forced officials to take refuge in one of the many nondescript buildings of a city synonymous with deadening bureaucracy.
When she lashes out at Connor (Jonathan Patrick Moore), whose pilot has just been picked up, for not getting her an audition, the situation and the emotions feel surprisingly authentic.
As with many other false memories and urban legends, our garbled recollection makes more sense than what actually happened.
Manufacturers shipped 8.9 million units in 2011, down from 10.4 million in 2007, a drop of 14.4 percent, according to the Association of Home Appliance Manufacturers.
It turns out, however, that cold leek-and-potato soup — which is an American invention, by the way — is just cooking-from-the-garden stuff, as simple as it gets.
But there is something almost terrifying about a woman whose theatrically honed voice — full-bodied with crisp consonants and rounded vowels — pours forth in complete paragraphs with nary an “er” or an “um.” That voice suits her as Diane Lockhart, the queen bee of the law firm Lockhart & Gardner on the CBS series “ The Good Wife ,” for whom the laughs were few and far between last season.
Mr. McAdam has previously said the company would introduce shared data plans this year.
Justice Wiggins has declined to campaign for his seat, other than writing in The Des Moines Register that he hoped Iowans would vote to keep him but that he would not politicize the courts.
Gather the corners of the foil and wrap up the peppers; cool until you can handle them, about 15 minutes, then remove the blackened skin and seeds.
The Affordable Care Act was at risk, but Chief Justice John G. Roberts Jr. surprised us by voting to save the individual mandate as a tax.
The answer, Obama's team decided, were a couple of ''triggers'' -- something both sides really hated -- that would automatically kick in if they didn't come up with a version of tax reform that each party could stomach.
While it’s provisionally heartening to read her gloss of a study tentatively arguing that “for the first time in modern history, mothers in some key professions may enjoy the same earnings boost that fathers have long enjoyed,” I was less persuaded by her use of recent scholarship to overturn the gloomy conclusions of Arlie Hochschild’s influential 1989 book “The Second Shift,” which argued that even though women were entering the workplace, they also did a majority of the housework (thus the book’s title).
That result echoed findings from a CNN/ORC International poll released Monday.
“Maybe even tomorrow.” But she was wrong.
But by then you can’t change anything.
Mr. Gregory opened the debate with questions about Ms. Warren’s claims to being a Native American, which has become the signature issue of this race.
The most elaborate print initiative is a 20-page, 4-color, 7-by-9-inch insert in the April issue of Washingtonian, New York and Philadelphia magazines.
First Financial Northwest is a struggling community bank based in Renton, Wash., with more than $1.1 billion in assets.
Because Project Re:Brief is a Google marketing effort, the money to develop and produce the campaigns came from the Google marketing budget and the four marketers did not spend any ad dollars.
He said he would boycott.
Conservatives actually can have a choice.” Mr. Santorum dismissed the idea that the results in South Carolina made it harder for his campaign to move forward.
But a new tool being released this week should make things easier.
Asparagus was downgraded to an everyday side dish.
“It resonated with our fans and consumers, and we saw it in social media; people referring to films as `30 for 30’ films that weren’t part of `30 for 30,’ ” like “The Announcement,” which detailed the events before and after the public revelation by Magic Johnson that he had H.I.V.
The gambling boom, though, was stoking suspicion among Chinese officials, who feared the corrupting influence of money sloshing through Macau.
Umam has used the powerful associations embodied in the Ain el-Rummaneh bus in its latest project.
(You might also be interested in this Reader Idea, in which college freshmen do a DNA dance based on a Times piece — another way to have students use movement to explore ideas.)
To start, I always have some finger foods.
Meanwhile, Britain appears to be going in the other direction, with regulators this week detailing plans for a similar anti-piracy plan that also includes possible suspensions of Internet access.
We can all think of reasons for this transformation.
The talks transformed Ms. Sandberg from little-known executive to the new face of female achievement, earning her untold letters and speaking invitations, along with micro-inspection of her life for clues to career success.
The Marlins promised a new experience for fans when they raised their payroll and opened a largely taxpayer-financed ballpark in April.
Sara N. Bleich, the lead author and an assistant professor at the Johns Hopkins Bloomberg School of Public Health, said that finding ways to remind doctors to pay attention to their patients’ weight and diet was essential.
Ed Husain is a senior fellow for Middle Eastern Studies at the Council on Foreign Relations.
There is no such justification for the Defense of Marriage Act.
His struggles became so bad that he tried throwing sidearm in the final month of last season in what he called a “last ditch” effort to contribute to the team.
There’s just so much a person can handle.
I think the biggest mistake people make when they first get into the gym is they push and push, and then they get so sore that they don’t come back.
Teaching is an art and a profession requiring years of training.
Iraq ’s Sunni ministers returned to the cabinet on Tuesday, an incremental step that eases the tensions of the country’s political crisis but does not end it.
“We in the khaps punish the culprits of rape by taking away their property and banishing them from the village,” said Raghuvir Singh Nain.
At 5:30 p.m., Austrian Cultural Forum, 11 East 52nd Street, (212) 319-5300, acfny.org ; free.
The article quoted a spokesman for Mission Essential who disputed that, saying the company had been making biweekly payments to the family and would continue to do so for 29 years.
Ngata has had success manhandling the offensive line and Suggs is a monster.
“A lot of people are going to have to contribute to get us out of the hole,” Mr. Lieberman said.
The earthquake, which the United States Geological Survey said had a magnitude of 6.0, crumbled church roofs and Renaissance-era towers, according to Italian television reports.
But hawks didn’t need to fret for long.
Loved and missed by Your grateful daughter and Disick descendants
“I disagree with the leaders there,” she said, adding, “We should schedule a vote on alternative reforms with the same urgency we pursue repeal.” Representative Nan Hayworth, an ophthalmologist and freshman Republican from New York, echoed that concern.
THREE STRONG WOMEN , by Marie NDiaye.
The next day the headache was better, but she had a fever of 101 degrees.
There was only one change, with the American Boychoir replacing the Choir of Eltham College, a boys’ day school in South London.
DI: I like that theory too.
After he appeared on a BBC science program last year, in the course of which the host was revealed to be a “low” responder, according to his gene profile, Dr. Timmons was inundated with e-mails and calls requesting the test, he says.
In fact, it was only last week when Boyd was called into the U-23 team for a February camp in Dallas that would conclude with a friendly against Concacaf rival Mexico on Wednesday.
(In Massachusetts, only 2 percent of the state’s population was uninsured in 2010.)
The musical, “Table,” has been in the works for more than a year, and a three-week closed workshop is scheduled to begin later this month.
There are staples we’ve come to expect in the American frontier novel: unlikely homesteaders, stoic farmhands and scheming railroad men; unchecked ambitions, mysterious pasts and vigilante justice.
Instead, he estimated growth in the fourth quarter of 2012 at just under 1 percent, and said he expected it to edge up only slightly to around 1 percent in the first half of 2013.
Were they responding to a crime in progress?
The parade of Republicans who denounced Mr. Akin were making a sensible move, in the hope that they might persuade him to abandon the race, or failing that, to minimize the damage to the national Republican brand.
Having people involved in the movement wouldn’t work for us.” Yet scholars in disciplines with a long tradition of participant-observer research say that direct involvement can offer a better understanding of a movement’s internal dynamics.
Where is Jeffrey Deitch ?
Prime Minister Mariano Rajoy is counting on a squeeze of €27 billion, or $35 billion, in the central government budget to bring the deficit down to 5.3 percent of gross domestic product this year, then to 3 percent of G.D.P.
St. Mary’s lack of a dominant physical presence in the paint was exposed by the Bulldogs, as Robert Sacre and Elias Harris pummeled the Gaels on the boards.
Most users think it is Apple technology, but those services wouldn’t work without Nuance.
WHAT kinds of questions is the campaign asking possible No.
“You have to go to the bank.
Other times, though, the affronts went deeper.
The report listed him as an employee of the bodega, but Mr. Hernandez was never questioned by investigators, Mr. Kelly said.
The storm moved from the Ohio Valley east to the mid-Atlantic states at 60 miles an hour, producing winds in some places of up to 90 miles an hour, said Mr. Porter, the meteorologist.
Aug. 23 at 6:30 p.m. Free.
Wildly self-centered, Eva asks about the operation only after she natters on about her work (she’s a musician), her husband and children.
Mr. Bejar, down on one knee, watched and waited.
(More workshops will also take place on Saturday and Sunday in the museum itself; details are on the Web site.)
As a result, his control over Facebook could increase over time.
But Hindes and the British were granted a restart based on a rule that allows a restart “in the event of a mishap.” What is unclear is whether Hindes’s fall truly met the spirit of the mishap rule.
The conventional wisdom seems to be that the comments did hurt him.
A 19th-century “poll hustler” would recognize many of the dirty tricks that undermine our democracy today.
In 2007, he was in California for the national championships when his father had a stroke.
She could have played 35 ... Ne7, when she would have won the d6 pawn after 36 Rc7 Nf5 37 Rd3 Nd6.
In 2008, President Obama won these two counties with 55 percent and also won the state.
His family’s trusts sold thousands of shares in Goldman Sachs that were offered to favored clients when the storied investment house first went public.
It was an assignment, but one that forced me to actually study something I had a lot of semi-formed thoughts about.
Q I am a rent-stabilized tenant.
He is also a filmmaker; his Web series “Teechers,” on Funnyordie.com , was shown at the Austin Film Festival in 2011 and the L.A.
want a delay just so they can get an extra two or three years out of older generating stations that they will never scrub and that they know they will have to retire sometime in the near future.
Count Basie Theater, 99 Monmouth Street.
Now he’s facing opponents like Susan Gillespie, an associate professor of anthropology at the University of Florida who is on the board of the American Anthropological Association.
A love coach encourages clients to think of dating as “work,” and to be mindful of their R.O.I.
Two people were hit by trains at the 72nd Street subway station in unrelated episodes Wednesday morning.
Their demands should be resisted and the original bill approved by the Senate.
The patterns we saw led us to believe Mr. Obama would win Ohio, but not with enough certainty that we felt comfortable to make a call when the networks did.
Not often does a critic get to employ the words “amusing” and “terrorists” in the same sentence.
If a team builds an offense to support a running quarterback, it must have a similar backup.
For those two days, India and Pakistan were like conjoined twins.
Might students in high school and college do N-back training rather than cramming for their finals?
He talked to us about robots.
He is not a great tackler, and jitterbug types can get away from him, but Claiborne will be an immediate starter.
According to a U.S. Soccer spokesman, Klinsmann will announce his roster on Sunday.
The anticipated withdrawal of most international forces is still two years away, but already Afghans who have depended on the decade-old foreign presence for their livelihoods are feeling tremors as the first troops leave and spending and aid money dries up.
“Goldman brings a massive team,” said Will Dean, the 31-year-old founder of Tough Mudder.
At 6:30 p.m., Riverside Drive and West 89th Street, hudsonwarehouse.net ; free.
The firefighters may have bought some time for the architects.
Now the Energy Department is building a factory to turn the plutonium from bombs, which is in metal form, into fuel for reactors in a ceramic form.
They then repaired his palate and his nose.
At 8 p.m., Cornelia Street Café, 29 Cornelia Street, Greenwich Village, (212) 989-9319, corneliastreetcafe.com; $15 cover, with a $10 minimum.
Digital operations, meanwhile, provide 2 percent of profit, Mr. Rabe said, though some areas, like e-books, have been growing sharply.
As part of that settlement, lawyers for the plaintiffs promised not to talk to reporters or issue a news release about the deal.
Though the producers of the telecast are keeping mum about their plans, Academy insiders say they see dialing up the comedy as one of the only ways to salvage ratings for the telecast in a year when so few of the movies being honored have hit it big at the box office.
“They are moving in that direction; they are contemplating the loss of further sovereignty in the euro zone.
(Brantley) ‘Nice Work if You Can Get It’ Every now and then a bubble of pure, tickling charm rises from the artificial froth of this pastiche 1920s musical, directed by Kathleen Marshall and featuring songs by George and Ira Gershwin.
Both the leggy models and the even leggier drag queens have packed up their high heels and moved on; sidewalk bottlenecks these days are more apt to be caused by oversize strollers than by fashion shoots.
The new study, led by Bärbel Hönisch , a Columbia University paleoceanographer, does not present much new scientific evidence on the issue.
The charge has been described as a felony, but whether Campbell pleaded to that or something else remains unclear.
I have read that War Admiral had a rabbit and that Seabiscuit had a spider monkey named Jo Jo, a pony named Pumpkin and a dog named Pocatell.
But on this day, she was nervous as she directed the lines around a gymnasium.
“The few people that invite you in and offer you bread and chai, they make up for the 50 that throw rocks at you and want to blow you up,” Hinkley told me.
The family still gets subsidized housing and $650 a month in food stamps.
When you kissed her, she didn’t move or flinch.
The letter is well argued and should be required reading for everyone concerned about financial sector stability.
It seems safe to predict that Ms. McDonald, a four-time Tony winner , will be in contention for all the prizes on offer this season.
When your flight lands, pull up your itinerary on your smartphone and tap “directions,” and maps, along with step-by-step instructions on how to get from A to B, will appear.
In “Wish You Were Here,” Swift trains this searching, compassionate gaze on a middle-aged couple, Jack and Ellie, who run a caravan park on the Isle of Wight.
Though his memoirs make no mention of the event, Col. Francis J. Lippitt may very well have let out a sigh of relief on the September day in 1862 when the steamer Panama finally docked at Bucksport, Calif.
It is internal tearing that occurs in prolonged or obstructed labor after blood flow to vaginal tissue is interrupted, causing it to die — not a vaginal tear in the delivery process that is so severe it reaches the rectum.
One employer with a large retirement plan — 15,000 participants and $100 million in assets — told researchers that its plan didn’t pay any trading or transaction costs, like commissions.
While I give Mr. Swanston credit for at least showing a cursory understanding of indirect competition, he should have devoted some time to talking about where these competitors fall short and how his solution is different.
Our students are not being prepared to enter seminaries, but to go to Goldman Sachs and Capitol Hill and Shanghai, where, from a liberal point of view, they will be even more dangerous.
Demand a plan.” — JENNIFER PRESTON The N.R.A.
Cage’s “Song Books” (1970) is basically “a kind of kit from which you, the performer, can come up with songs, speeches, actions, performances on other instruments, which all add up together to create a musical event,” Mr. Thomas said in a program note.
(Anderson) ★ Michael Feinstein (Wednesday) Mr. Feinstein is his generation’s guardian of the Great American Songbook.
Suddenly, Mr. Bittar’s playful work was embraced by the fashion elite.
But as Mr. Gingrich began to climb rapidly in polls this week, and Mr. Romney’s aides prepared for defeat, they said they would not be so bold as to predict an easy time in Florida, given how the momentum could affect the dynamic there.
When you say demanding, you feel like it’s taxing.
She laughed it off as always, saying she would love to return and linger right there.
Even in Eco mode, the car has plenty of around-town oomph, not just from its relatively low-torque Atkinson-cycle gasoline engine — rated at 99 horsepower and 82 pound-feet — but also from the 45-kilowatt electric motor that kicks in extra boost.
In contrast with Apple, Cisco’s market value and sky-high 120 P/E ratio were inflated by investor euphoria rather than actual results.
“But both Jil Sander and Lanvin are labels I can actually fit my legs into.” Although the designer cuts feature edgier, tapered legs and shorter jackets Mr. Shelton says it is important to look and feel “normal.” “You can’t look trendy,” he explained.
Gideon Lewis-Krauws ''One Schlep Forward'' (Page 42) is about a Hasidic pilgrimage to Uman, Ukraine, one of three sacred journeys that Gideon Lewis-Kraus undertook for his forthcoming book, ''A Sense of Direction'' (Riverhead).
(Sulcas) Fall for Dance (Friday and Saturday) There are two programs remaining in this far-reaching, pocketbook-friendly festival, where you can see flamenco from Spain, circus arts from Australia, hip-hop from South Korea and contemporary dance from the United States in a single evening.
While no serious political philosopher actually defends such a device — the term is my own — the veil of opulence runs thick in our political discourse.
It’s about giving homage to those who created reggae music.” For the first time, Snoop sings most of the songs on the new album and does very little rapping, Diplo said.
Economically and ethnically, Hillsborough County is a fairly good microcosm of America .
On the mobile app, people will be able to look at a parking map color-coded by how full that parking area is.
The Scottish national leader Alex Salmond is pushing for a vote that might provide Scotland independence from Britain, while remaining vague on whether the Scots should then abandon the pound to adopt the euro.
People ¶Mike Fordyce joined JiWire, San Francisco, as chief executive, assuming duties from David Staas, who had served as interim president and chief executive since March; Mr. Staas, who had been senior vice president for marketing, has now been promoted to president.
“He just hasn’t done them.” He returned to the Greek theme later in his speech, using the protesters to attack Mr. Obama’s record.
That scam, dubbed Coalgate, has centered on the opaque government allotment process that enabled well-connected businessmen and politicians to obtain rights to undeveloped coal fields.
According to a Gallup report released Wednesday , 30 percent of Americans said that they were satisfied with the way things are going.
Sales remain well below the annual pace of 700,000 that economists consider healthy.
In southeastern Virginia, power failures were reported.
Levi's Made and Crafted chinos, $225.
MATT Look, pal, I'm not here to wreck your life.
Comparable connections cutting across religious barriers are seen elsewhere.
PAGE A6 National U.S. TO REVISE JOB PROGRAM FOR FOREIGN STUDENTS The State Department, responding to a wave of complaints from foreign students about abuses under a summer cultural exchange program, issued new rules significantly revising the types of jobs the students can do, prohibiting them from most warehouse, construction, manufacturing and food-processing work.
I can write about these people.
2 military official for nearly three decades, along with the half sister of China ’s president-in-waiting, and many more.
But the book the movie cites as its main evidentiary source, Doris Kearns Goodwin’s “Team of Rivals,” does not make it.
Beginning on Saturday, he will wear the red hat, called a biretta, and the ring associated with his new office.
It was also a near miss.
He had no idea what awaited him, but the last thing he expected to find was a summons from the city’s health department.
Brazil’s top big men — Varejao, Nene of the Washington Wizards and Tiago Splitter of the San Antonio Spurs — are each 6-foot-11, taller than every player on the United States roster except the 7-foot-1 Chandler.
Some 1.8 million people in New York City receive food stamps.
Later this year, Mr. Schechter and Mr. Schildkrout will release their answer to these questions: a new dating portal focused on committed couples.
As questions are asked, students answer by moving to one part of the room or another depending on their point of view.
The settlement’s complex formulas for delivering relief also give the banks too much discretion to decide who gets help, what kind of help, and how much.
Or he undertakes the occasional stunt outing, like going shopping at Whole Foods with Marion Nestle, the author of “What to Eat,” and then taking her to a cafe, where she orders profiteroles.
Men, not surprisingly, typically drink more than women, having on average 150 calories worth of alcohol a day compared to a little over 50 calories for women.
Now over the next couple days we’ll probably send out the first couple.
The United States Tennis Association announced the seedings Wednesday, strictly following this week’s WTA rankings.
I can only conclude that we have lost ourselves and that the bomb may finish the job permanently, and it just doesn’t matter, we have not loved life.” He continued: “I cannot accept my conclusions, and so I must continue this photographic investigation further and deeper.” Four years earlier, in 1960, Mr. Winogrand had photographed John F. Kennedy at the Democratic National Convention in Los Angeles, where J.F.K.
“World Bank is a bank that’s focused on economic development and poverty alleviation,” Dr. Kim said.
Inside, gold-painted icons glimmered in the light of hundreds of candles.
“Ivan is a great family man, and is very bright,” said Roger Federer in an e-mail message.
The student union had threatened to get an injunction under French law, which prohibits discrimination based on religion, ethnicity or race, one of its lawyers, Stéphane Lilti, told French news agencies.
Spain is not alone in opposing a tighter budget.Thirteen other countries believe the proposed cuts are excessive.
Last season, they were 8-8.
The finance minister, Pierre Moscovici, has said that the government will cut the deficit to 3 percent of gross domestic product, in line with European rules, from the 4.5 percent expected this year.
While we’re doing this, however, we also need to start preparing for a technology-fueled economy that’s ever-more productive, but that just might not need a great deal of human labor.
Light trucks, including S.U.V.’s, minivans and crossovers, captured 52 percent of the North American market last year, but so far in 2012 cars are taking a similar share, Ms. Lindland said.
Mr. Gilbert took care to shape the score’s dramatic arcs and episodes.
In this our forbears, who really deserve to be collecting the prize, were ahead of their time.
For initial research, it might help to spend some time with a guidebook with profiles of colleges; also, try the College Board’s free “college matchmaker” service, or the college search tools on Naviance, if your school provides that resource.
I was able to get a lot of blocked shots that way.
This week on the podcast, Peter Keepnews talks about “Animal House”; Julie Bosman has notes from the field; Robin Finn discusses Bob Dylan and Bruce Springsteen; Gregory Cowles has best-seller news; and Times staff members share their summer reading plans.
The slogan for the Hero Initiative is “helping creators in need,” and its president, Jim McLauchlin, a former sportswriter, was inspired by the Baseball Assistance Team, established by Major League Baseball to help its former players.
Blood Show’ (Saturday and Sunday) For those who have tired of card and coin tricks, the destination known as Times Scare offers Dr.
Find me a room.’ ” According to Dr. Craig Levitz , the chief of orthopedic surgery at South Nassau Communities Hospital in Oceanside, N.Y., blood clots are not uncommon for older patients who tear knee ligaments.
POP-UPS This is the last week to catch the JEREMY SCOTT pop-up shop at 715 Ninth Avenue, (212) 247-2804; jeremyscott.com .
(The Weinstein Company, Blu-ray $35.99, DVD $30.99, PG-13) MIRROR MIRROR Lily Collins as an empowered Snow White who fights her way back after being banished to the hinterlands by her envious royal stepmother (Julia Roberts).
The New York State Legislature is now debating a bill to recognize marijuana as an effective and legitimate medicinal substance and establish a lawful framework for its use.
Against the odds, he bought himself one last roll of the dice.
Supporters of Mitt Romney shuttled between briefings and receptions held by outside groups and events staged by his campaign near the site of the Republican National Convention , far less worried than they were a few months ago about the seldom-enforced rules barring coordination of activities between the official and unofficial sides.
It was also clear that despite wartime setbacks, Washington was not entirely neglecting its involvement in Utah affairs.
A law enforcement official, citing preliminary accounts, said it appeared that Mr. Lacertosa had gone outside the restaurant, where he got into a confrontation with a man who was possibly an employee of the restaurant.
Western and United Nations diplomats publicly ‘tut tut’ the pity it is that Bosco still goes free.
“We’re literally building as we speak to keep up with demand,” said Russell B. Evans, Fage’s director of United States marketing.
A scene of the second interviewer talking to the fiancée while they walk together side by side in long shot even brings to mind “Chronicle of a Summer,” the 1960 classic by Edgar Morin and Jean Rouch that introduced the term cinéma vérité (truth cinema).
‘Flying Monsters 3D’ (Friday through Wednesday) This sounds like the perfect contemporary scary film, except that these monsters didn’t come from a folk tale or a horror writer’s imagination: They were living, breathing realities millions of years ago.
For most of his career Mr. Kelly, 89, has been trying to remove the barriers between artist and subject, to strip away the self-consciousness of the creative act.
Clever, lucky and naïvely intrepid, Mrs. Pollifax employs common sense and a little karate to rescue the kidnapped; aid the resistance (when you are a suburban lady spy, a fashionable hat is ideal for concealing forged passports); and engage in all manner of cheery deception (when doing business with a malefactor who is expecting a can of plutonium, a can of peaches makes an excellent if short-term substitute).
“It was a place filled with history.” Mr. Deane even kept the call buttons used by the master or mistress of the house to summon servants.
“I feel intimidated and worried about what the consequences are going to be.
Gary, a man of “general and abiding impatience,” forces his wife, Irene, to help him build a remote lakeside cabin.
But combating pregnancy discrimination is more than an issue of ethics; it’s an issue of women’s health and economic security.
“Ultimately people need to be responsible for their own actions,” Mr. Diaz said, explaining that “if they’re of a certain mind-set, they’re going to continue to have poor eating habits, and we’re still going to have the same problem.” Outside a bustling McDonald’s near Yankee Stadium , many Bronx residents said the only effect of the proposed ban would be on their wallets: they would have to buy two small cups of soda ($2.58) instead of one large ($1.89) to get their fill.
Not in the hands of Ed Cardona Jr., who has constructed an amiable and not unsuccessful parable, one willing to take its time and, in more ways than one, take it easy (1:20).
The gas-tax proposal would phase in across three years an additional 6 percent sales tax on gasoline, the same that is levied now on general goods.
Shield makers of New Guinea’s coastal areas, also represented in the exhibition, were more interested in carving than in painting and more into symbolic magic than purely visual impact.
Not quite fair to the consumer is it?
But later Wiegand offered a prognosis as wildly off the mark as Thompson’s.
The Philadelphia Orchestra beat the Philharmonic to the punch, descending on Beijing and provincial cities last spring with a menu of master classes, lessons, concerts, and visits to parks, schools and hospitals.
Kichiri, which is like an Indian-style risotto made with lentils, is the ultimate summer dish to me.
''The cap and trade system is acknowledged as one of the most efficient and least costly economic tools available to reduce GHG emissions,'' he said in reference to greenhouse gases.
The wholesale operations quickly started to fray.
(Little, Brown & Company) 21.
According to Kantar Media, a research unit of WPP, spending on medical and dental insurance advertising increased to $789.3 million in 2011 from $667.7 million dollars in 2010.
Use them to get that bean and pork stew, chicken casserole or paella going; they can also serve as salsa, garnish or embellishment for a bowl of soup.
Contractors were told to take special measures to secure about six dozen huge tower and crawler cranes.
These details lead to questions of origins.
He is hardly campaigning for the job, but his name was put on an internal list at the Treasury Department last summer, these people said, though it is unclear whether he would want the position.
His disarming banter, truffled with jokes and neologisms, turns virulent when it comes to what he describes as the “pernicious ethics of cultural impoverishment.” His bête noire is Minimalism, a style he once referred to as “pornographic,” an aesthetic of “ amnesia and laziness, for people who all dream of having the same chair in white polyester and molded plastic.” Philippe Starck calls Ricciotti “a clairvoyant, untamable wild animal,” which he means as the highest form of praise.
As if booking a gig wasn’t hard enough, tightened baggage regulations and inconsistent policies among airlines have made it difficult for musicians to figure out how to get their instruments to the next show.
In the private sector, this revolution was driven by men like Mitt Romney.
When Zach Parise, the Devils’ captain, was asked Monday if he was worried about Kovalchuk, he replied: “No.
“In its relentless drive for profit and expansion, Wal-Mart has paid millions to settle charges that it violated child labor laws and exploited immigrants,” Mr. Liu said Monday, in announcing the decision to vote against the company’s directors.
Video of the police inspecting Mr. Navalny’s office In a video later posted to his blog, Mr. Navalny said he and his colleagues, whom he described as “paranoid,” decided to check for bugs in his office “for the fun of it.” “Honestly, I thought they’d hide them better,” he said.
The announcement comes days after Royal Dutch Shell offered £992 million for Cove Energy.
BLOOMBERG NEWS Carlyle Executives’ I.P.O.
“I’m the world’s worst poker player and Steve, who was quite the shark, would have me for lunch.” AS his friends expected, Mr. Cohen took off for Wall Street as soon as he collected his degree in 1977.
But the scene that set tongues wagging and fingers typing early Sunday morning was a comedy sketch in which Samuel L. Jackson appeared to utter two obscene words.
When I first started, I used the book, “ Volunteer Vacations ,” which outlines over 150 different organizations, where they work and what they do.
My electric bill was $43,595 because we have lots of lights and lots of machines, and we air-condition the shop in the summer.
“The tenant is not required to pay a rent increase for these repairs.” However, Mr. Ng said, if the tenant’s request is for a new kitchen and the replacement of all old appliances, the landlord can charge a rent increase equal to one-fortieth of its costs (or one-sixtieth of costs if there are more than 35 apartments in the building).
It appears that several times more people have been killed in Syria than in Libya when that intervention began, and the toll is rising steeply.
The first has to do with the training mission.
The dresser and desk evoke midcentury luggage, with leather straps playing the role of handles.
“When Republican candidates for president, when Republican politicians talk about being for early withdrawal, it makes it harder for the general to do his job,” said Senator Lindsey Graham, Republican of South Carolina and a senior member of the Armed Services Committee.
“He speaks the language of first responders because he was one of them,” said Alan Rubin, who oversaw Florida’s economic recovery after Hurricane Andrew.
He has preached about the prophet Isaiah’s admonition “to loose the bonds of injustice.” He has replaced his church’s ebullient praise songs with somber, reflective music.
Work on preparing a second major site, Nordhavn, in the docks north of the city, has just begun on land freed up by the departure of heavy industry.
Some in the industry have wondered whether it makes sense for a corporation with a financial interest in the industry to be responsible for policing the markets.
In the next couple of days, right -- you and your family meet?
She will also quit her roles as chairwoman of Anglo American Platinum and of De Beers.
He called the award “essential” to remaining a full-time playwright, noting that he earned only $50,000 for three years of work on “Chinglish” – which ran last fall on Broadway – and $16,000 for four years of work on his play “Yellow Face,” which was a finalist for the Pulitzer Prize for drama in 2008.
We get dessert, since life is obviously too short to refuse anything good.
But the Devils had no such excuse; they knocked off the Rangers on Friday after six grueling games.
The hearings were a unique window onto the distressing and tragic work of a mass murderer.
They provided names, dates, places and other information, but were told that nothing could be done.
At the concert, presented at Le Poisson Rouge on Tuesday night, Ms. Holter was showcased alongside Sarah Cahill , a sterling Bay Area pianist and an intrepid illuminator of the classical avant-garde.
To the Editor: Re “ Forest Fire Research Questions the Wisdom of Prescribed Burns ” (Sept. 18): As a conservationist and former wildland firefighter trained in the Rocky Mountain West, I know the importance of fire to the health of many of America’s forests.
They said that on one of Mr. Ceglia’s hard drives they found what they called an authentic contract, dated April 28, 2003, in which TheFacebook was not mentioned.
Jones tallied a .384 on-base percentage against left-handed pitchers last season compared to a .303 on-base percentage against right-handed pitchers.
Mae West’s acting and play netted her a total of $485,000.
Final Fantasy Released: July 3 Publisher: Square Enix Developer: Indies Zero/Square Enix Platform: Nintendo 3DS Rating: E10+ Pronounced “Theater Rhythm,” this is a music game based on the beloved Japanese role-playing gameseries.
It was determined that the next president should be an experienced politician.
As the researchers checked in at regular intervals, they found that the depression scores in the exercise group were consistently lower than in the control group — by about a point, which was a modest reduction.
None of this is to say that reporters are more than they are.
And though the Egyptian police coordinated with American officials, Mr. Morsi waited 24 hours before issuing his statement against the militants who stormed the embassy; Libyan authorities issued immediate, unequivocal statements of regret for the bloodshed in Benghazi.
Straight lines of one or both legs, of the spine, and of one or both arms are often shown; and the tension of limb versus torso or limb versus limb supplies much of the dancing’s texture.
Paying the Price In ‘Purgatory’ The Innisbrook Resort is newly renovated, with a golf course and spa.
In a typical experiment, Dr. Dweck takes young children into a room and asks them to solve a simple puzzle.
After Ambassador J. Christopher Stevens was killed on Sept. 11 in Benghazi, Libya, Al Qaeda in the Islamic Maghreb issued a statement praising the murder and calling for further attacks against American diplomats in the region.
Mr. Poulos rents it for 1,100 euros (or about $1,450) a month.
Whether the attackers are labeled “Al Qaeda cells” or “aligned with Al Qaeda,” as Republicans have suggested, depends on whether that label can be used as a generic term for a broad spectrum of Islamist militants, encompassing groups like Ansar al-Shariah whose goals were primarily local, as well as those who aspire to join a broader jihad against the West.
A hijacker comes from outside and takes control by violent means.
Cream of artichoke with bacon and capers, kidneys with sauerkraut and mustard seeds, snails with garlic, blood sausage and chervil — these I could get behind.
Maybe we should see the whole ceremony as a commentary on the cruel randomness of fate.
Together they show the artist as close to his best and unquestionably his worst.
“We believe paid online content could be, in the future, one of the solutions for media,” Mr. Kostolny said in an e-mail from Bratislava.
“Not just rice and beans and roast pork.” IF YOU GO Atelier (Calle 5, No.
This social meaning consists of the web of shared understandings and expectations that have built up over centuries.
That history makes Tuck wary.
They’re far less expensive than I’d previously imagined (a Ridgid six-gallon model is $47), and they’ll suck up substances that would destroy a typical vacuum.
The trip comes as the House plans to take up a component of the Republican jobs agenda, the American Energy and Infrastructure Jobs Act , which party leaders say will create more jobs in the United States by expanding domestic energy production and using those revenues to finance high-priority infrastructure projects like roads and bridges.
“It’s fundamentally about persuasion and what drives people,” he said.
MODERN-DAY MILLS Brunswick, a former mill town that serves as the gateway to the midcoast, these days produces less lumber and textiles than artwork and craft beer.
But an internal report by an F.D.A.
Back then it was the coin of the realm that healed the sick, and now, thanks to the upheld individual insurance mandate , it is going to be a little plastic card for all.
ratings system, which is basically a self-censorship process that prevents government from doing it.
In March, European leaders signed a fiscal pact that in effect locks in fiscal austerity as the response to any and all problems.
Mr. Rosen the writer was additionally known for his book “The Romantic Generation” (1995), which explores European music from the death of Beethoven to the death of Chopin and is accompanied by a CD of musical examples played by the author; “Piano Notes” (2002), a collection of essays on the craft of pianism that includes a disquisition on the right thumb; a well-received monograph on Schoenberg; and many decades’ worth of articles in The New York Review of Books.
a breathing body and a beating heart, / strong legs, bones and teeth, / and two clear eyes to read the world.” And in exchange comes the son’s confident offering: “Here is your lanyard.” A mother and son and their own transactions are at the center of Richard Russo’s absorbing memoir, “Elsewhere,” although as Russo (seen here from boyhood through adulthood) gets older, he is often the one giving “life,” while his mother, Jean, a complicated, needy person, takes it.
“It boggles the mind,” Mr. Schumer said of the lack of more comprehensive rules.
Tommy G. Thompson, a Republican, and his Democratic opponent, Representative Tammy Baldwin.
If the Australian leader did come meet them, he said, she would “kindly receive her lost shoe,” adding with a smile, “We are not a nation of thieves.” A statement on the Facebook page of the Tent Embassy on Thursday also satirized the incident, drawing a comparison between the “stolen shoe” and the “stolen land.” Ms. Gillard could exchange one for the other, the statement read, but in the meantime: Julia will be eligible to make a shoe title claim which will take approximately twenty years or more before this is seriously considered.
So I frequently change styles and colors.
As an experiment in reconciling 19th- and 20th-century styles, he added, “it’s maybe a dead end, but a glorious one.”
A few weeks after the fund-raiser, the gambling association, of which Genting is a member, contributed the $2 million to the Committee to Save New York, the private lobbying group that Mr. Cuomo pushed to be set up.
Olivia talks to people in admonitory, staccato sentences that at times make her sound like a salesman in “Glengarry Glen Ross.” (“Always be closing.”) She is a keeper of secrets, but she also has some doozies of her own, including a dangerous White House liaison.
“That’s just simply unacceptable, and their complaints are going to fall on deaf ears, I can tell you that.
College student loans will keep their subsidies.
Highlights have included full-album tributes, in which starry casts have reinterpreted rock classics like Bob Dylan’s “Blood on the Tracks” and Bruce Springsteen’s “Nebraska” (for which Mr. Springsteen turned up and performed in a concert-ending jam).
: My main point is that the environmental movement and conservationists commonly assume “nature is fragile” — simply search websites and press releases to see how often “fragile” is used to describe nature.
His second homer of the day went several rows deep into the bleachers in left field, and suddenly the Tigers’ bullpen was heating up.
The $9.6 billion deficit was not much smaller than the ¥775 billion deficit reported a year earlier, the Finance Ministry reported Thursday.
A guru, Bharati Bapu, in Rajkot, said he also had 500,000 rupees seized and was only released after several hours of explanation.
Occasional signs recounted the history of logging in the area.
With the Greeks struggling with deep salary cuts and tax increases, and the government running low on cash, Mr. Samaras has been eager to renegotiate the loan terms that require harsh austerity.
Everyone is wrapped up in their own little world tweeting and facebooking.
On BoxWave’s hollow-feeling EverTouch Capacitive Stylus ($14), the tip is covered with a fine fabric mesh that’s firmer and more secure than rubber.
“Blue’s Clues: The Most Spectacular Place,” interactive music production based on the television series.
“He is a slender, mild-mannered man, so unassuming that some people, on first meeting, were inclined to misjudge his talents,” Mr. Jaworski wrote of Mr. Ruth.
These are the Burgundies you are most likely to come across in the supermarket.
For them to accomplish what they have is truly amazing.” While they were in Philadelphia they met with Rollins, the Phillies shortstop, who is one of the Ugandan Little League’s biggest supporters.
Our group of five crept toward the river in a single line.
MacMillan created this for the Royal in 1965, permitting a remarkable divergence of interpretations among his first four pairs of star lovers: Margot Fonteyn and Rudolf Nureyev, Lynn Seymour and Christopher Gable, Ms. Sibley and Mr. Dowell, and Merle Park and Donald MacLeary.
The project will make it the largest art museum in China and will put it among the largest in the world when it opens on Oct. 1, said Li Lei, the executive director of the Shanghai Art Museum, which will move into the new art palace.
The “broth” with the Prince Edward Island mussels comes laden with cream, and an au poivre burger is served with a lavish cream-cognac sauce.
On the job, I’d stop two or three people a day who were carrying concealed weapons.”
With help from Redd Foxx, the star of the television series “Sanford & Sons,” she made a comeback, winning a Tony Award in 1989 for the Broadway musical “Black and Blue.” Even the rockabilly queen Wanda Jackson, who had Top 40 hits like “Let’s Have a Party” and toured with Elvis Presley, was told early in her career that “girls don’t sell records.” Female artists began to take hold in the 1960s.
Rivera’s résumé is the important thing — an E.R.A.
Nuremberg and the rest of the Bundesliga are on their winter break.
Tippett’s inspiration for his oratorio, an ode against violence and bigotry, was a Polish Jewish teenager, Herschel Grynszpan.
Thousands perished along the way; Israel recently began honoring them with official memorials.
Kremlin news releases typically refer to “Palestine,” and Russia supports United Nations membership for the Palestinian government.
But Ms. Perkins has been proving memorable this season for turning Carol into a heroine by infusing her with neurotic vulnerabilities, a charming interest in good television and the occasional ability to ungrit her teeth just long enough to smoke a large joint.
Ms. Warren’s, called “Crushed,” calls for investment in higher education.
Samuel Cruz, a pastor at Trinity Lutheran Church in Sunset Park, said he had spoken with a public relations officer at the 72nd police precinct house about the episode.
1912 Reichstag Debates Kaiser’s Threat BERLIN — The threat made by the Kaiser to the Burgomaster of Strasburg to abolish the Constitution of Alsace-Lorraine and annex these provinces to Prussia was the subject of discussion to-day [May 17] in the Reichstag.
He devotes particular attention to the tale of a horrific expedition in the early 1880s led by an American, Adolphus Greely.
Yet brokers, developers and politicians say the retail strip is actually returning to its original character.
The trading commission is expected to accuse JPMorgan of overextending credit to Lehman for two years leading up to its bankruptcy in 2008, the people briefed on the matter said.
If we learned anything from Derek Jeter’s resurgence in the second half of last season, it is never to underestimate a truly elite player.
Alex Rodriguez tied and later passed Willie Mays for eighth place on the career runs batted in list Sunday, but the story of the day for the Yankees was the continuation of C. C. Sabathia ’s hot streak with Chris Stewart behind the plate.
Then he began classical studies at the University of Zurich and as a fellow at the American Academy in Rome.
Nestor capped it with a sharply angled forehand volley for a clean winner.
“I was sitting outside, on a lawn chair,” Cardiff told me, “and this guy sat down next to me and said, ‘I make this, you know, this kind of sculpture show in Münster.
Rick Perry said on Thursday that the state of Texas would use its own money to finance the Medicaid Women’s Health Program, instead of relying on the federal government as is customary.
Choose an interview that interests you and read the transcript.
Outside Amman, protesters broke a taboo and shouted slogans against the king.
Ms. Glenn and Ms. Whitehead have had a couple of setbacks, including having to push back their April delivery date to backers.
After a while, the police arrived and directed us to step back.
In a series of e-mails, Pamela Hile, a spokeswoman for the Pennsylvania fund, said that the fund had made many new investments in alternatives from 2004 to 2007.
Meanwhile, in Arbroath, the Guildry is raising finances to commission sculptures in honor of three native sons: Mr. Buick; William Small, a political philosopher and early mentor to Thomas Jefferson ; and Thomas Moonlight, who served as a colonel in the American Civil War and later as a statesman.
Then came news reports that two aides at the school had been fired after being accused of abuse, and that one had been sentenced to 15 years in prison.
(Scott) ‘Silent House’ (R, 1:25) Elizabeth Olsen looks lovely by lantern light as she slinks around a scary house in this horror film, but the thin script doesn’t give her much of a chance to show acting skills other than the ability to look terrified.
She described herself as “devastated.” After a few weeks, the lawyers’ questions slowed down.
And his three-year, $27 million deal from the Marlins gives management a significant incentive to see him remain the closer over the long haul — even if he were to lose the job temporarily.
By doing so, MF Global met its requirements without having to raise money.
“It is Sarkozy’s politics that have been downgraded, not France,” said François Hollande, the Socialist candidate who leads in the polls.
In New Orleans, murders follow a distressingly similar pattern.
PRINCETON McCarter Theater Center “Travesties,” a play by Tom Stoppard.
Mr. Savile’s behavior continued despite a series of publicly known sexual episodes and other warning signs involving young people, including one occasion when he groped a girl on live television.
The Olympics are July 27 to Aug. 12.
It should not have happened.” The episode occurred after an F.A.A.
His manager, Norma Farnes, said he died after a brief illness but did not say where.
And Gen. Wesley Clark was retired from military service when he is shown on a visit to the Pentagon, so why is he depicted as having “dozens of medals and service ribbons gleaming on his chest”?
Bananas Comedy Club, 2170 South Road, Route 9.
He qualified eighth for Thursday’s final.
We go through the 13, 14, 15th Amendments, Plessy and Brown, and look at the struggle for civil rights in modern times with (yes) The New York Times.
There’s a difference between the military having a political opinion and forcing this opinion.” Unlike the other candidates, he has questioned the wisdom of allowing the military’s commercial businesses — which come with financial and tax advantages — to compete against private enterprises.
David Filderman Gallery, Joan and Donald E. Axinn Library, Ninth Floor, South Campus.
The next challenge was to resolve Chen’s fate in a way that wouldn’t scuttle essential Chinese cooperation on the nuclear ambitions of Iran and North Korea, the worsening conflict in Syria, the fighting between Sudan and South Sudan, cyberattacks emanating from China — and cookstoves.
The long-awaited Haarde trial comes as the economy is slowly recovering and Icelanders are being encouraged to put the past behind them.
Along with social responsibility came French flair.
As water arrived on his street, Mr. Owens stepped outside to move his truck from a space on the corner.
What they now claim is a right to special treatment: to conscience that trumps law.
3, Ravel’s “Gaspard de la Nuit,” Scriabin’s Sonata No.
Mr. Romney is also favored in the other contests on Tuesday.
Understands the search for community, stability and peace in an interdependent world.
You still got a long way to go because everybody wants to diminish your accomplishment.” Those words from a fellow New Yorker resonated with Charles, who honed her skills on playgrounds and in gyms throughout the city.
And they may prefer splashing their cash on Chanel to visiting cathedrals.
Where Lin has become the savior of the Knicks, Green has emerged as a key player in the Spurs’ rotation, helping them to an 11-game winning streak in February.
Files for Bankruptcy | The struggling battery maker A123 Systems “was once considered one of the most promising grant recipients” under a federal program, The New York Times reports.
In “Terror”: The Hells Angels on a rampage at the Rolling Stones’ concert at Altamont.
The new display is 2,048 by 1,536 pixels, or more than 3.1 million pixels — a million more pixels than a 1080p high-definition TV.
“We at the European Commission hope that this time will be different.” The ideal outcome from the meeting in Brussels on Thursday and Friday, as a rising chorus of central bankers and foreign leaders has made clear, is deliberate movement toward a euro zone in which countries would backstop one another’s banks and bonds, while at the same time policing one another’s spending.
In Europe, the Olympics hold less importance because the European championships are always held the same summer as the Games.
department’s growing recognition has been a blessing for its students, who are getting juicier job offers with top companies.
He is a good-size (6 feet 1 inch), young (19) and incredibly skillful striker with oodles of potential.
An asterisk (*) indicates that a book's sales are barely distinguishable from those of the book above it.
report, called “The Case for Investigating Planned Parenthood,” to some 250 legislators on Capitol Hill.
Offered together with two ground plans, it neatly quadrupled the high estimate at €49,568.
On Saturday, many of the players expressed how important it was to represent the country that in large part has shown the world how to play the sport at a high level.
These acts should be investigated and prosecuted for the broad harm they do to communities, well beyond their individual victims.
For more than a decade, neuroscientists and physiologists have been gathering evidence of the beneficial relationship between exercise and brainpower.
“Franco Zeffirelli: Complete Works” is to ordinary books what Mr. Zeffirelli’s productions are to ordinary productions: unwieldy and opulent but also beautiful and riveting.
Stocks were down broadly if not deeply in Europe and the United States on Friday, as rumors of the downgrades preceded S.& P.’s announcement, which came after the close of trading on Wall Street.
Ms. Desai said many cabdrivers had received bus-lane violations after performing what they thought were legal pickups or drop-offs in bus lanes.
It is based outside Philadelphia.
The upgrades were proposed after the 2010 San Bruno pipeline fire, and initially, P.G.& E. wanted customers to absorb 85 percent of the cost.
FORNARI--Maria Luisa (nee Della Seta), 92, beloved wife of the late Harry D. Fornari, passed away on March 4, 2012.
Part of it is the discussions that you have.
At 7:30 p.m., Merkin Concert Hall, 129 West 67th Street, Manhattan, (212) 501-3330, kaufman-center.org ; $25 and $15 for students.
Adam Scott relinquished a four-stroke lead over the last four holes to hand the British Open to Ernie Els.
“I said at one time during this debate, Thank God for strong women.” That success has haunted the administration when it comes to the slaughter in Syria.
Do you identify with yourself as a caged chimp?
It will be displayed in a class called Styling Studio Corvettes.
“I’m a great believer that the Arab Spring has more in common with the Occupy Wall Street movement, the street riots in London, and the food riots in Mumbai than it had with political change,” Mr. Naqvi said.
Mr. Bogue said he could not comment on any continued fund-raising.
Dr. Ginsburg said that parental behavior also has an effect, especially parents who “model” anxiety, communicating verbally or behaviorally that something is dangerous.
And then there is always the dream of borrowed time, that numinous period beyond the predicted end, like a stay of execution, which must be fraught with its own blessings and curses.
Richard Trumka , the A.F.L.-C.I.O.’s president, voiced confidence that many Reagan Democrats would embrace Mr. Obama over Mr. Romney.
City Center, 131 West 55th Street, Manhattan.
Some were clearly criminal counterfeits, some were expired drugs that had been repackaged and some were poorly made with too little active ingredient.
After setting a screen he knows when to open up to the ball and smartly works the baseline for free space when his defender turns his head to respond to one of Lopez’s teammates.
The disclosure, first reported by The Wall Street Journal on Friday afternoon, came three days after the company said it would discontinue its advertising on Facebook , worth about $10 million a year.
We are presented with a wide spectrum of neurological information that aims to pinpoint the cognitive abilities involved in learning languages, and the areas of the brain that jump into action when language comes into play.
If they lose to Miami, they are out, and the calls for Brian Schottenheimer to lose his job as offensive coordinator will grow louder.
A spokesman for the PAC said they were getting right on it.
(This week, the Friends of Syria are scheduled to meet in Morocco.)
(“Abandon all hope, ye who enter here.”) That still works in 2012.
CARRY THE ONE , by Carol Anshaw (Simon & Schuster, $25.)
As its engineers gain experience, the drives will stretch to longer than the length of a football field, relying on the rover’s ability to navigate for itself.
My priority is putting people back to work in America.
Pistorius lives in the house with a friend from high school, an engineer who moonlights as a mixed-martial-arts fighter.
It said that the police shall cooperate with the press to the greatest extent possible.
1 for a second week in a row, with 114,000 copies sold in the United States, according to Nielsen SoundScan.
On a deeper level, the debate over private equity raises questions about using the metaphor of America as a business.
On Wednesday, March 28, he fell while playing in the school gym and scraped his elbow, opening a cut.
Last year, takeovers in the world’s renewables industry totaled $53.5 billion, a 40 percent increase over 2010, according to PricewaterhouseCoopers.
“-Ly” is a suffix that turns an adjective into an adverb.
— Patrick Farrell The Daily Meal : Charlie Avenue?
Gary Marchionini, the dean of the School of Information and Library Science at the University of North Carolina at Chapel Hill, said the fading of print encyclopedias was “an inexorable trend that will continue.” “There’s more comprehensive material available on the Web,” Mr. Marchionini said.
King Blues Club & Grill, 237 West 42nd Street, Manhattan, (800) 745-3000, bbkingblues.com ; $60 in advance, or $65 at the door.
Rutgers moved to 6-0 by slogging past Syracuse 23-15.
(PHOTOGRAPH BY RICHARD ALEXANDER CARABALLO)
“We have to pay particular attention to that.” The migration of long-distance traffic to Satellite 4 is expected to eventually speed European passengers through Charles de Gaulle as well, by freeing enough space in Terminal 2F to make it a hub for Air France and SkyTeam flights to and from the 26 countries in Europe’s Schengen zone of passport-free travel.
Ms. Luest, a professional pianist, listed the Hudson Heights one-bedroom apartment that she uses as a practice studio for about $300,000 in 2009, just as the market was beginning to plunge.
Iowa State should get proper credit for its role, led by Royce White, writes Andy Staples on SI.com , but it will mostly be noticed for messing up Kentucky’s chance for revenge against UConn in the next round, Gene Wojciechowski writes on ESPN.com .
After waiting for hours to see Mr. Obama, crowds almost always greet him with fever-pitch cheers.
In other places Mr. Thacker frequents, like the Lower Ninth Ward, doors aren’t an obstacle because on many houses there are none; the buildings are still a wreck from the flooding that followed the hurricane.
Her most recent book was “What About the Kids?
At Arizona, players would hold 45-pound plates in their fingertips and walk the length of the weight room — about 40 or 50 yards.
Tokyo may also benefit from runners who want to compete in every major race.
This is the second July in a row that the Giants have dealt a top prospect to bolster their outfield; last year, they sent pitcher Zack Wheeler to the Mets for Carlos Beltran, who left the Giants as a free agent.
On Wednesday, reporters gathered some distance from the state prison, waiting in vain for Mr. Ramos to emerge.
Sons scheming to avenge fathers.
If that’s the case where you work, request that they allow it.
“We told Abu Hilal, ‘Go, drive that way, your father is waiting for you there, don’t do any bad things in the future,’ ” Hakim said.
Soon after, our good neighbor went bananas with a far-right experiment and the European Union temporarily suspended ties with her.
And to be sure, these slick-haired and/or short-skirted local weather forecasters are sometimes wrong.
The government “is not considering changing plans regarding the construction of reactors that have already been approved,” Mr. Edano said, according to the Asahi Shimbun.
In “2666” World War II events on the Romanian front play out in Santa Teresa in some unspecified future, while in “True Policeman” he looks to the Emperor Maximilian’s failed 19th-century conquest of Mexico as the hidden trigger of the ominous atmosphere Amalfitano feels there but cannot quite articulate.
Veterans Day Parade and Commemoration (Sunday) This year’s march up Fifth Avenue by veterans, members of the military and others will commemorate the 50th anniversary of the Vietnam War.
The fight would be staged in Las Vegas or Los Angeles on Aug. 25.
Such a deal could raise about $1.74 billion.
Life insurers and other financial services companies work assiduously to expand voluntary pension plan coverage.
Mr. Paton said in the last five days he visited nine Journal Register Company properties in four states, including Ohio, Michigan, Connecticut and Pennsylvania, to talk about how the bankruptcy would play out.
Then, on Lap 39, two of three drivers fighting for fifth position collided and that led to another one colliding with them from behind.
You don’t want to find out from somebody else something about yourself that you don’t already know.
The “Making It Last” feature profiles couples who have been together at least 25 years.
“It’s crazy because we invented the sport,” Davison said.
He took these kinds of suggestions not as fantasies but as first steps.
“Doesn’t your daughter’s future matter to you?” Simin asks her husband.
In the Op-Ed piece “The Relationship School,” David Brooks writes about a school in Brooklyn that, instead of having students move from teacher to teacher and subject to subject, operates “more like the networked collaborative world of today.” He writes: When you visit The New American Academy, an elementary school serving poor minority kids in Crown Heights, Brooklyn, you see big open rooms with 60 students and four teachers.
The earthquake issue is not as tough to navigate as you might think, but it is still a costly concern.
Yet the layout, varied and lively but still with plenty of white space, feels entirely modern.
“But in a tight match, you quicken up, so you describe every shot,” Law said.
At Applebee’s, almost no actual cooking is done: premade food in plastic baggies is heated in microwaves and dumped onto plates.
“Prosecutors in New York said that the executive, Chan Ming Fon, received more than $10 million from Olympus for assisting in its accounting fraud.” Mr. Chan, who authorities said was a citizen of Taiwan living in Singapore, was charged with conspiracy to commit wire fraud, with a maximum potential penalty of 20 years in prison.
Turton and Mr. Hall mutually decided to divorce upon his departure from the Scientology religious order,” Mr. Soter wrote.
Instead, he tried to broaden his critique, praising the president’s counterterrorism efforts but quickly pivoting to call for a more comprehensive strategy to diminish radicalism in the Middle East.
(Saturday and Sunday, 10 a.m. to 4 p.m., BAM Rose Cinemas, 30 Lafayette Avenue, at Ashland Place, Fort Greene, 718-777-3456; schedules at bam.org ; $12 per screening or performance; $9 for 65+ and 12 and under; $7 for BAM Cinema Club members.)
Besides Gerry, the more sharply etched characters include his new possible sweetheart, Nora (Connie Britton), the serene caregiver for a friend of Rosie’s; and his hot-tempered brother Quinn (Michael McGlone), who fancies younger women.
Notably absent from the list are Buick cars produced in the automaker’s first 29 years .
In December, they were sentenced to 11-year terms .
Adrian Peterson ran with explosiveness and agility.
In late August, reporters overheard Johnson and Nationals General Manager Mike Rizzo engage in a loud disagreement by phone after the team’s fourth straight loss.
This makes us stand out,” Ms. Wilson said.
“How many times do you say the same thing?” I think the answer to that is “frequently” — each time bringing new information to synthesize with what was known before, building the truth block by block.
Kuwait is one of the United States’ most strategic military allies in the Persian Gulf.
“Santorum is building that fire among the base,” Mr. Bauer said.
The news from the Fermi National Accelerator Laboratory added more buzz and hype about the long-sought particle as physicists and many others are standing by for an announcement on Wednesday from CERN , the European Organization for Nuclear Research, home of the Large Hadron Collider , which supplanted the Tevatron as the big horse in physics, and whose physicists might be on the verge of announcing that they have actually found the Higgs boson.
When the plants are shut down, the raw sewage goes into waterways in the same condition as when it comes in.
If the company does not find a strategic partner with a significant hunk of cash, fast, it might be forced to undergo a “wind-up” that essentially entails the liquidation of corporate assets to pay off its liabilities, which would put it out of business.
8 of 11: a romantic, lace and suede ankle bootie from Valentino Garavani.
Asked what she is looking forward to in London, she said: “I hope I can catch an accent.
“Things are only going to get worse,” said Adrian Day, president of Adrian Day Investment Management.
To surf the Internet today, looking at the bag offerings, is to find at least one-third focused on transporting electronics, often with interior pockets.
Go home.” Once home, the man drops dead.
The Seminoles are back, folks.
Last month, the Supreme Court removed Yousaf Raza Gilani as the prime minister over his refusal to write to the authorities in Switzerland to reopen corruption cases against President Asif Ali Zardari .
Elizabeth Banks (born around 1665) probably arrived from Scotland.
Follow @NYTMetro on Twitter using the hashtag #MetDiary.
The abrupt failure even turned Con Edison’s headquarters building near Union Square dark for several minutes before a generator kicked on, he said.
And the campaign said Mr. Romney — who is said to be worth about $250 million — has not contributed to his campaign so far.
Yet the Republican response is to tell the Fed to back off.
First of all, because the home front is not ready.
Now declarer played a low spade to her nine.
That episode came to light only after Iran bragged that it had electronically attacked the drone and guided it to a landing inside its borders.
But that is quite different from acting permissibly in the objective sense, which is what the Theory claims they do.
And here, the wimpy Little Miss Muffett is accompanied by a hardier Little Miss Tucket.
His major-label debut is forthcoming.
“Germany is enjoying the fact it is one of the few fiscally sound countries.” There are also increasing calls for the European Central Bank to issue another round of inexpensive three-year loans to banks, as it has already done twice since December.
A cellmate of Mr. Rosario’s told the jury that Mr. Rosario said “he had no choice but to shoot the cop” and that because his dad was an officer there was “nothing anybody could do.” Harris County prosecutors argued that as Deputy Hill tried to arrest Mr. Will, the young man shot the deputy in his bulletproof vest.
Madison Square Garden Company, which owns the teams and the MSG cable network, as well as other holdings, will release its fourth-quarter earnings Friday.
The camp, near Khost in the eastern reaches of Afghanistan, within miles of the Pakistan border, was once known locally as “rocket city” for all the enemy bombardment it used to receive.
Fear the Grizzlies Perhaps the only team more surprising than the Knicks this season has been Memphis, which handed them their first defeat Friday to improve to 7-1.
But, writes Lisa Guernsey, “I’m alarmed at how the minutes can turn into hours if I’m not there to tell my kids to take a break.
var data; function jsonSlideshowCallback(response){ data = response; } NYTD.options = { source: data, cropType: 'blog480', appendTo: 'fullScreenSlideShow', showHeadLine: 'false' , renderstyle: "embeddedSlideShowTmag"} My husband, son and I live in Los Angeles (Los Feliz, specifically), which has no shortage of coolly dressed children.
There are also portraits of Ms. Powell, in younger and later years, gripping an ever-present cigarette.
The latest Census Bureau data show that Shannon County here had the lowest per capita income in the entire United States in 2010.
The aides to the governor apologized for the wait: each donor had to be checked off a guest list, setting off a major backup.
They are encouraged to grow cassava on one-third of their land and a mixture of legumes, soybeans and other food-crops on the remaining two thirds.
I wrote about him not long after he entered a minimum-security facility in Beaver, W.Va., 16 months ago.
“The main thing is they must deliver on the things they have promised,” he said.
That also contributed to the intense glare of the spotlight that was riveted on Ms. Drygalla, he said.
Jackson spoke with a handful of teams this past summer, but he has been seeking an executive role, to avoid the rigors of travel and an 82-game schedule.
Karthikeyan finished 21st in the Indian Grand Prix.<\/p>","short":"Hispania Racing Team&#8217;s Narain Karthikeyan of India at a press conference on Oct. 25.
As a young man, Kevin seduces a woman who thinks he’s Gerald; then Gerald borrows Kevin’s name when he begins to publish poems and stories.
Dan Rush, an official at the United Food and Commercial Workers Union, said about 650 out of the 1,400 marijuana dispensaries that existed last October have ceased operating.
Khaps have sought to ban women from wearing bluejeans or using cellphones.
has pledged to turn its portion of Saab into an E.V.
It was the same crew that officiated a contest last weekend between St. Louis and Washington, after which Redskins Coach Mike Shanahan told reporters, “Never have I been involved in a game like this.” According to multiple published reports, Rhone-Dunn once officiated in the Big 12 Conference and worked the Sugar Bowl in 2007, before joining the Arena Football League.
DealBook » Few Seize on a U.S.
Her reluctant vote for Shafik was a question of the lesser of two evils.
Mrs. Citrone’s mother and father died of cancer, and she is active in various cancer charities in Connecticut, where she lives.
The solution: reader deo got straight to the beauty of the problem.
These victims are rare, missing a fair number of red flags along the way, but not so rare that the fraud is dying out.
Sam Sifton, the national editor of The New York Times and the pioneer of Dining’s annual Thanksgiving Help Line , appeared on “Today” this morning, talking about best practices for turkey, cranberry sauce and dressing.
On one bright page, Dog and his companions dash away “Fast!” in a green-­bordered engine that puffs out smeary pencil smoke.
Instead she focused on an agenda of her own.
“There’s a rush from 10 at night until 1.
Later, opportunities for career advancement, mentoring, internal reshuffling and other incentives keep employees engaged.
It appeared that the unidentified man was one of the two suspects arrested in Florida, the police said.
Reading her symptoms was like talking with my patient.
When he was refused permission to come to New York in 1963 for a presentation of an English translation of one of his books, he reacted angrily, saying, “The real bombs are my books, not me.” Congress intervened in 1967, and the restrictions against him were lifted.
“Sometimes we think she is a little self-centered,” he added, accusing her of acting like a queen who does not consult other democracy activists.
Hours: 10 a.m. to 5 p.m.; to 7 p.m. on Saturdays.
Instead, he’s trying to get politicians to create a system that provides incentives to do it a different way.
But there is still less visibility into problems farther up the supply chain.
And if you use antivirus software, update that as well.
A theory : did the Virginia attorney general’s legal standoff with the University of Virginia over a climate scientist’s records help precipitate the trustees’ ouster of the university’s president?
Four years, and we would move on with our lives.
Despite a wide array of international sanctions, Germany remains one of Iran’s most important trading partners.
A 120-episode season costs around $3 million to make, about the same as one episode of a prime-time network drama.
“Bob and Scotty were into skill guys,” McGuire said.
The next six and a half minutes were a blur of miscues, missed layups and poorly timed fouls.
Read more on the City Room blog .
“I like to think of it as the New York way.
The Magic Kingdom is saccharine, expensive and homogeneous.
I wouldn’t want it to be my horse who bleeds or gets injured.” Repole’s boycott of the Breeders’ Cup, however, will not keep his trainer, Pletcher, out of the world championship races.
The Citi campaign, “Every Step of the Way,” includes digital, television, print, ads on A.T.M.
Before long, he had amassed a farm outside town, an Olympic-size swimming pool, a beach house and other real estate investments.
Mr. McDonald’s announcement came one day after Gov.
At the new Brasserie Pushkin on West 57th Street, there’s hot chocolate that requires a special mixing wand “to aerate the chocolate,” said the general manager, Fabien Lepaitre, as well as a crème brûlée, crowned with a crispy caramel dome, flambéed with Cointreau after customers listen to a story involving Napoleon’s army and a “glorious victory” in Egypt.
“Portugal and Ireland have unsustainable debt,” he said.
Roughly one in eight Americans live in California, and the state has a proportional impact on presidential politics.
Maybe the connecting dots that matter here don’t go through Indiana, Nebraska and Wisconsin.
What she did not mention was that she was shot as she threw herself upon her teenage daughter, Emma, to shield her from harm .
“The main points of the proposed business plan go in the right direction, but we will still need to hold talks concerning many of them,” Wolfgang Schäfer-Klug, chairman of the Opel works council, said in the statement.
Spread the wedges out, skin side down, on a baking sheet and cook for about 25 minutes, until they are soft but not mushy.
There is an interesting contrast with his father.
“Some people didn’t like it, but at least George was always looking out for the good of the Cosmos.” Well, maybe.
April 7 at 8 p.m. $40 and $45.
This puts him way up in the category of big small businesses.
In October, the country’s Ministry of Production put $500,000 into the company through a national investment program.
L.S.U.’s leading rusher was Spencer Ware, with a paltry 21 yards on eight carries.
Fridays, 5 to 9 p.m.; Saturdays, 1 to 9 p.m.; Sundays, 1 to 5 p.m. Tivoli Artists Co-op and Gallery, 60 Broadway.
“It’s going to be an intense game for sure,” the Bruins’ Daniel Paille said.
Qatar has relatively little oil and vast supplies of natural gas.
“Smaller hotels and guesthouses are proliferating, and property prices have risen sharply,” she writes.
“It’s more than handing over a box,” said Mirna Hernandez, the cookie program’s brand manager.
“It is a mind-blowing lifestyle change from looking out my window at a dilapidated building with boarded-up windows to seeing ships going by,” Ms. Rudnick said.
White’s likable directness is one of her magazine’s defining characteristics.
Which, for some of us, means getting back to sleeping under the stars.
The apps have different features — and flaws — but they basically use a device’s GPS to show where you can find a room near you.
Gone is the assumption that Helmand Province, Kandahar and the rest of the heavily contested south — where the bulk of the 2010 influx of troops was sent — will remain entirely in the control of the central government once that area is transferred to Afghanistan’s fledgling national security forces.
‘Jason and the Argonauts: Tales From the Argonautica’ (Saturday and Sunday) The Faux-Real Theater Company, which has brought “Shakespeare’s Haunted House” to New York, mines the classics of another era for its latest production, closing this weekend.
“During our research it became apparent early on that there were particular shades and colors which appeared time and again, regardless of decade or silhouette — as such we decided to arrange the show chromatically, by color, rather than chronologically,” said Oriole Cullen, the show’s other curator.
About 30 percent of the interviews in Public Policy Polling’s national poll were conducted after the announcement of Mr. Ryan.
Penn made it to the 1979 Final Four but was not generally considered as strong as the 1969-70 team, which lost twice; the 1970-71 team; or the 1971-72 team, which lost three games.
All the options for dealing with the outliers may remain on the table, but none are good.
The workers group was responding to numerous press reports that Opel’s supervisory board will meet next week to consider closing factories in Bochum, Germany, and Ellesmere Port, Britain.
The upside of the newer arrangements is that there are not only lines, but also Disney cast members to ensure that each child has a chance to meet a character.
PHOTO: National Park Police officers clashed with protesters on Saturday at the Occupy D.C. site in McPherson Square in Washington.
But one thing is clear: humans everywhere connect the notions of warmth with welcoming, and cold with social exclusion.
Is it impossible for government to be on a truly sound fiscal footing?
“It’s important that we get in today.
But whatever your feeling, “love” probably isn’t the word that immediately comes to mind to describe it.
Parliaments in nine European countries are considering similar bans.
Until now, people with mental illness and substance disorders have faced stingy annual and lifetime caps on coverage, higher deductibles or simply no coverage at all.
“We need to find some sort of solution and make sure that the Vasa ship gets some kind of better support.
If the season ended Friday, that would mean a date with the No.
Over the past two weeks, with Ohio once again a key battleground, the Romney campaign has falsely alleged in speeches and in television commercials that Chrysler plans to shift Jeep manufacturing and jobs from the United State to China.
The cabinets are designed by Bulthaup.
But no matter what, Republicans oppose any increase in overall tax revenues.
(da Fonseca-Wollheim) Talea Ensemble (Friday) Adventurous and technically assured, this group strides confidently into the thornier corners of contemporary music.
McCarter Theater Center, 91 University Place.
The proposal is significant because same-sex couples often have trouble establishing legal ties to their children, as I pointed out in a column published on Saturday.
— Claire Cain Miller On YouTube, a Thriving Scene of Sign-Language Music fastcoexist.com | The popular video-sharing site has become home to a vibrant trove of A.S.L.
Periodically throughout the Olympics, The New York Times will check in with Dennis Spurr, owner of the Fantastic Sausage Factory in Weymouth, England, a pretty town on the coast where the sailing events are taking place.
Canceling the tunnel, then the largest public works project in the nation, helped shape Mr. Christie’s profile as a rising Republican star, an enforcer of fiscal discipline in a country drunk on debt.
After only a few weeks, she was sent off on her own to run a new campaign office in a rural area of the state.
In both cases the results have lacked what great theater demands: something to say.
1962 U.K. Must Join Market LLANDUDNO, Wales — Strengthened by a massive confidence vote from his Conservative party followers, Prime Minister Harold Macmillan said yesterday [Oct. 13] that Britain must join the Common Market and take part in Europe’s new renaissance.
Stone masonry monasteries were the hardest hit, suffering all the effects of a crippling accident in old age.
As a Supreme Court ruling on the health care law nears, theories abound as to what the economic effects of the court’s decision will be.
ArcelorMittal had agreed to give the government until midnight Friday to find a buyer for the furnaces, offering them for a symbolic single euro, despite skepticism that a buyer would be interested in anything less than the entire factory.
“The allure here was that this was an undervalued neighborhood,” he said.
(Chinen) ★ Brussels Jazz Orchestra, Featuring Kenny Werner and Chris Potter (Friday through Sunday) The Brussels Jazz Orchestra — which recently basked in the glories of a best original score win at the Academy Awards, for its work on “The Artist” — makes its return to the Blue Note, drawing from “Institute of Higher Learning,” its second album with the pianist Kenny Werner, released on Half Note last year.
She enjoyed her time at Keels & Wheels, relishing the Lakewood Yacht Club setting and “those magnificent oak trees,” she said.
To sear or not to sear?
“It’s no different from what we would offer to other industries that are involved in transportation,” he says, citing taxpayer support of Amtrak, or federal jurisdiction over the airline industry.
Put it this way: When Republicans took control of the House, they declared that their economic philosophy was “cut and grow” — cut government, and the economy will prosper.
And she’s not averse to an occasional dig at macho minimalists like Richard Serra, whose monumental steel sculptures she has parodied in soft, lightweight materials.
On Thursday at 3 p.m. Eastern Standard Time, Charles Duhigg and David Barboza joined an hourlong Facebook conversation about The iEconomy, a series that examines challenges posed by increasingly globalized high-tech industries.
From Mojo Boost and Neurosonic, to Vernors Ginger Ale and Dr. Brown’s Cel-Ray.
According to a report from the Department of Health and Human Services , over the next 75 years Medicare payment rates for inpatient hospital services would steadily fall from around 67 percent of private insurance payment rates to an implausibly low 39 percent.
But his friends can envision him pecking away at opinion articles for major newspapers, a passion for Mr. Romney, who is known to tap them out on his BlackBerry on the beach or on a plane whenever inspiration strikes.
Dachau, Hitler’s bathtub, the 1968 Soviet crackdown in Czechoslovakia, the crowds of the Arab Spring in Tahrir Square are alluded to.
More intensely now than ever before, political ads are driving the polls and shaping the dizzying race.
7. theorisonproject.com ; (860) 767-7572.
According to the survey, respondents also said they install “spying gadgets” like close-circuit television cameras, audio and video surveillance devices, voice-recorders, and global positioning systems, in their offices to keep track of employees.
At the time of the hurricanes, the country was mired in an economic crisis now known as the Panic of 1893.
The ski concierge room is at the back of the hotel, so in the morning, you come down from your room in your slippers, and we help you get your boots on, if you need that assistance.
Gropius, a titan of the Bauhaus school, was deeply influenced by the Japanese aesthetic and wanted her to experience its clean, spare lines firsthand.
But perhaps the primary use of dictionaries by writers is as a malapropism preventer, in order to avoid what should be called the “Princess Bride” problem : “You keep using that word.
Some strategists say this could be an early sign of the market’s gradual shift back toward big stocks after years of favoring small-company and even international equities.
I happened upon the manuscript at Israel’s national museum in the summer of 2008 in an empty gallery underneath the room where the Dead Sea Scrolls are kept.
But that's like saying it's O.K.
And of course the familiar crisp, clean, easygoing wines were there as well.
He also wants a pair of capri pants.
Do you think you can?
Here’s my question: Is wearing an entrepreneurial crown too uneasy for “normal” people?
All these factors are directly correlated with the rise of the smartphone — more than 50 percent of American cellphone owners own one, according to Nielsen.
During the economic downturn, he said, applicants cannot afford to go to a job interview dressed sloppily.
A group calling itself the League of Concerned Citizens circulated petitions to recall three of the four black council members who voted to hire Mr. Pearson, accusing them of “incompetence, misconduct and malfeasance in office.” Hundreds of people signed the petitions, and it appeared that all of them were white, according to a ruling in a lawsuit filed in connection with the recall effort.
It was in 2009 while studying Arabic and photographing in Yemen that he first heard of men who jumped over camels.
Tax collectors and health inspectors are now more likely to shut down dissident groups.
“It became part of me and my outlook.” He wears green on St. Patrick’s Day , and once a year or so he dons pink, just to throw people off.
But I couldn’t bring myself to get worked up about Andy’s sleeping schedule or his containment apparatus.
It will include original songs from a range of writers (some of them established artists like Lucinda Williams and Elvis Costello) sung by the cast members and produced by the Grammy-winning T Bone Burnett , who happens to be Ms. Khouri’s husband and whose credits include “O Brother, Where Art Thou?” and “Crazy Heart.” “The driving theme of our series is how one controls one’s destiny,” Mr. Cutler said, speaking by phone from Los Angeles.
JOHN HUBERT Kansas State’s running back had 101 yards and 4 touchdowns on just 10 carries.
This tends to make everyone involved somewhat sad, because members in both parties are entering the height of the campaign season and enjoy their “district work weeks” to meet with constituents old and, hopefully, new.
One freshman, who declined to give his name, said all the students in his pledge class at a fraternity they sought to enter dropped out because of a two-hour regimen of push-ups and crunches.
“Could we hire you to visit the homes of a few other delinquent scholars?” one library director asked.
In the lab, they focused on six of the most common parasites, including the ones that cause extra or missing limbs, to examine how diversity affects the abundance of the most dangerous parasites and the overall fitness and survival of the host species — in this case, the Pacific chorus frog .
None of these interventions has completely stopped teenagers from going after what they want.
2 Columbus Circle, (212) 299-7777, madmuseum.org .
They all offer affordable tastings from microbreweries from across the country (some of which are not yet available in stores or pubs), demonstrations on how to make your own beer, and ale-infused snacks.
In Bihar, it took less than a year of talks and planning to introduce the state’s deworming campaign.
Big Jim Wheeler and Wheels of Fire, rockabilly.
“Lombardi” warmed me, and then we really had to work on Larry.
BRUCE BURGER Seattle, Oct. 19, 2012
Her voice could be clear and plain (“The problem that concerns us here .
George F Gitlitz Sarasota, Fla.  To the Sports Editor: Hiring someone to injure an individual is a crime whether it is committed by organized crime, a jealous spouse or a common thug.
Marcia Ball and BeauSoleil avec Michael Doucet, blues and jazz.
For additional darkness, the temporary exhibition “Corps et Ombres” — “Bodies and Shadows” — features another dark figure, Caravaggio, through Oct. 14.
LOS ANGELES WITH an ear attuned to distinctive voices and an innate talent for mimicry , Will Ferrell would seem naturally suited to learning a foreign tongue.
It wasn’t that economic circumstances had changed, officials said.
But the channel is leaving ad dollars on the table, as one executive put it, because its prime-time ratings are lagging, and it is putting future fee increases at risk by appearing irrelevant in the eyes of some cable subscribers.
Canadian Pacific created Canada’s first transcontinental land route in the 19th century and its board, until Thursday, was filled with members of the country’s business elite.
We all have our reasons — if not our obsessions — flashes of realization that come through the viewfinder and into our hearts.
Across the street is an older neighbor who pines for the affections of her son who works in the United States.
NIGHT LIFE The French are at it again.
Thursday after it announced a plan to exchange debt obligations issued by the bank for shares.
The country was governed in such a way that 0.1 percent was making decisions for the rest of the people.
When the groups first made that comparison a month ago, Universal said it “completely misunderstands the law.” “This is the same song sung to a different melody,” the company said in a statement released Thursday.
Physical enhancement can be equally contentious as the current controversy over cosmetic surgery illustrates.
The Government Accountability Office reports that 66.3 percent of active-duty service members are dissatisfied with the outcome of IDES.
(Opens Wednesday): 5-48 49th Avenue, Long Island City, Queens, (347) 448-6040.
Mr. Penn even sang a Cure-like song in the movie, but the scene was cut because his co-star for the scene, a dog, didn’t behave, Mr. Sorrentino said.
The crash crystallized worries about the haste with which China has built its high-speed rail system.
OK, so Obama did a terrible job in the debate, and Romney did well.
“We don’t think it’s anything serious,” Coach Avery Johnson said on a video posted on the team’s Web site.
When he was handed the term sheet by a Twitter employee, a nonbinding document outlining the terms of a proposed acquisition, he read it and then handed it back, asking Twitter executives to hold onto it over the weekend as he weighed the details, those people said.
Pufnstuf heads, syrupy “Barney and Friends”-like songs and unnerving habit of repeating the word “Oogieloves” over and over — primarily constitute an elaborate attempt at brand-building.
I traveled to Kusheshwar Asthan Purbi in September, and spent seven days in Bihar, documenting the polio eradication program during the last immunization round.
In another case, House v. Napolitano, border officials at Chicago O’Hare Airport confiscated a laptop, camera and USB drive belonging to David House, a computer programmer, and kept his devices for seven weeks.
The bride, 37, is keeping her name.
Jurors in Philadelphia are pondering the fate of a Roman Catholic priest, the Rev.
“To change the inner workings of government is a longer proposition,” he said.
Considering a first-round bye has been secured along with home-field advantage throughout the playoffs, and the likelihood that his offensive personnel will likely take some or all of the game off, Atlanta’s effort will most likely be lacking, regardless of Smith’s rhetoric.
She is Thelma Golden, not Selma.
It reflects quite accurately the policy of government, but unlike statecraft it speaks from and to the heart.
Last September, when Ryan Braun homered to propel the Brewers to a division title, Selig excitedly compared it to a pennant-winning blast by Hank Aaron for the Milwaukee Braves in 1957.
“So they’re going to be the most sought after.” The N.C.A.A.
That visceral connection, that thought process, cannot be replicated by a computer.
In addition to beach volleyball, you do a fair amount of television.
In July of that year, the federal government filed a tax lien against Mr. Hultz.
“Pilots are giving training to civilians,” he said.
A quarter of the voters said the federal budget deficit was the most important issue, and a third of them backed Mr. Paul.
Jennifer Carroll, co-sponsored the law when she was in the Legislature.
Tam Chowdhury, 25, graduated from Southbank University in London in 2010 with a criminology and law degree.
“They’re coming to see Britain, they’re coming to a country where we speak English, and they’re coming because they want to keep fit.” In the N.H.L, players travel on team jets and stay at five-star hotels, sometimes playing to crowds of more than 20,000 people.
But these solutions are, of course, politically inconvenient.
In interviews conducted by the commission, Dr. Litvinova said that a day before his death, Mr. Magnitsky had a swollen stomach and vomited repeatedly.
Conversely, unpleasant feelings like fear and isolation indicate to animals that they are in survival-threatening situations.
The fans did not seem to care, Johnson said, because they were so thrilled the team was in the playoffs.
Last September, Mr. Cartagena was carrying a sofa bed down the sidewalk when he tore a ligament in his left knee.
Need some help planning your theater-going?
Bill expanded the special-service activities of the JCC on the PALISADES with generous donations.
As importantly, they do not represent the work you have overseen as E.P.A.
They will be playing next weekend, too, trying to improve their horrible record ever so slightly.
But they largely rejected it, in contrast to Iran.
Under Islamic law Simin can have a divorce only if Nader agrees to grant her one.
You were doing commentary when serious accidents happen, including when Ayrton Senna was killed at the race in Imola in 1994.
Even though Indiana is not an especially conservative state — President Obama defeated John McCain here four years ago — a poll showed Mr. Santorum running neck and neck with Mr. Romney as late as the end of March, when the nomination had been all but decided, and two weeks before Mr. Santorum dropped out.
I’m a sucker for those kind of mythic themes and just the scope of it, the abstract narrative and the wide shots.” These are excerpts from the conversation.
If there is one quibble from a test, it is that the microphone may be a little too sensitive.
to conduct inspections without warning at declared and suspected sites; and suspension of enrichment until these commitments are fulfilled.
(Genzlinger) ‘The Possession’ (PG-13, 1:32) Perched somewhere between “The Exorcist” and “The Unborn,” this eerily enjoyable tale from the Danish director Ole Bornedal gives a malevolent box to a troubled young girl, throws in the Hasidic rap artist Matisyahu, and stands back.
came under tremendous criticism for its handling of the siege and assault.
In a rare note of discord within Mr. Netanyahu’s governing coalition, rightist ministers blamed the defense minister, Ehud Barak, for ordering the eviction, accusing him of trying to set the government’s agenda.
The larger space this year also sold out.
The indictment was filed by a special prosecutor almost 30 years after the September coup, and nearly 14 months after Turks voted in a referendum to abolish a constitutional clause that granted immunity for the coup leaders.
There was nothing to stop Mr. Brook from tampering with Mozart’s score.
What if they are not?” The optimistic Western cliché Mr. Ignatieff described was very much the conventional wisdom in St. Petersburg.
(Anderson) Swans (Sunday) Sonic booms think that Swans are too loud.
We kept our coats on the whole time; still, by the end of the meal, we were singing the restaurant’s praises and making plans to return.
The Times analysis found that horses in claiming races have a 22 percent greater chance of breaking down or showing signs of injury than horses in higher grade races.
Shanghai got a point from a tough away game.
Suzuki broke home on contact and probably would have been out by a couple of steps with an accurate throw.
These include a pair of green, pink and blue lace shoes designed by Salvatore Ferragamo around 1930 and a pleated silk gown designed by Mariano Fortuny, still in its original box.
The man entered a building across the street, and we followed him in.
After we concluded that Type 81s might not be the answer, we circulated a fresh set of images to other ordnance disposal sources, including several who have helped At War in the past.
Helen is no crusading saint.
By the time he died he was a somewhat diminished political figure, but as the news of his death swept through Mumbai on Saturday, the city, fearing violence, shut down.
The same goes for people with recurring nightmares or even emotionally nagging dreams, and it seems crazy not to drop a ducat on an app, on the off chance that it might work.
Even as cultural organizations around the country contract because of the economic downturn, Asia Society is pushing against the tide with two new multimillion-dollar buildings, one of which opens in Hong Kong next week, the other in Houston this spring.
From Gordon [Edelstein, the director].
Long ago, when L’Oustau’s founder and master chef, Raymond Thuilier , was alive, the restaurant had three stars.
At 11 a.m. and 2 p.m., Symphony Space, 2537 Broadway, at 95th Street, (212) 864-5400, symphonyspace.org/family ; $25; $15 for children; $21 and $13 for members.
Also, maybe, he was just a scapegoat for failing to get to the playoffs.
New World Stages, 340 West 50th Street, Clinton, (212) 239-6200, telecharge.com .
1” by the mass-circulation Bild newspaper in an interview published the day before Ms. Merkel landed, cannot take up an academic post in Berlin because the government has seized his passport, he told Bild here (in German).
Once seated, don’t miss the “liquid” olives (8.30 euros for six, or $10.70 at $1.30 to the euro ), the juicy tuna belly painted with jamón ibérico fat (13.50 euros), and a cone from the roving ice cream cart (3.50 euros).
AT the start of every session of “d.compress: Designing Calm,” students stand in a circle and recount a “calming moment” from the past week.
Researchers at Finland’s Institute of Occupational Health have studied precisely how far those conversations carry and analyzed their effect on the unwilling listener: a decline of 5 percent to 10 percent on the performance of cognitive tasks requiring efficient use of short-term memory, like reading, writing and other forms of creative work.
Pretty soon they claimed to be 100.
Convicted two years later for fraud (she couldn’t resist cheating on her taxes), Bozzi convinced her constituency next to elect her daughter, Valérie, as mayor in her place.
A number of colleges and universities have become test-optional , meaning that they no longer require the SAT or ACT to be considered for admission.
At the time, Iranian state television showed images of the bat-winged drone — apparently fully intact — that Iran had nicknamed “the beast of Kandahar,” a reference to a drone base in Afghanistan.
To parents in particular: would you embark on a similar tour with a child at a similar age?
The ace here is Chris Chappell, whose sound design, including the lean, metronomically propulsive score, really raises the temperature.
Lest we forget, though, the bespectacled icons, which the fashion world fell in love with at the artist’s 2010 Palais de Tokyo show, aren’t there to just look adorable.
A working ox named Lou, who in recent weeks became arguably his species’ most prominent representative, died on Sunday in pastoral Vermont, euthanized after his impending slaughter stirred a face-off between sustainable farmers in the state and animal rights advocates from around the world.
A visitor from the Soviet past would be puzzled by the abundance of sheriff’s badges on all buildings.
But the law seems particularly threatening in Colorado, which has had more than its share of shooting horrors, most recently the massacre in Aurora last month where 12 were killed and 58 wounded by James Holmes, who had been a graduate student at the University of Colorado, Denver.
Doreen Carvajal reports from Paris.
The Mets installed three rows of temporary seats behind the backstop, on either side of home plate, the way they did at Shea Stadium for the playoffs and World Series.
Feb. 26 through April 1.
At its booth it is showing off the Polaroid SC1630 Smart Camera, a device that tries to blur the lines between a point-and-shoot camera and a smartphone.
Ron Paul stands for you.” This ad tries to hit as many themes as it can.
The data center at 375 Pearl Street could help provide the infrastructure to support the city’s initiatives, said Kathryn S. Wylde, the president and chief executive of the Partnership for New York City , a network of business leaders.
The specialist patent holders, sometimes called trolls, are still around, but the main litigation and deal-making now are among big companies themselves, Professor Chien said.
Please join me in welcoming Marc to JPMorgan Chase.
At the same time, I was apprehensive.
I say to them: 'Look, you are dull, and you're not fun to look at.
Since the 1980s, the downwind states have been suing upwind polluters, and sometimes the E.P.A., to try to force cleanups.
The workers lived in a tent, and when weather was bad, they had to stay until the storm and waves subsided.
She and Mr. Tuason folded over each other in novel, strangely beautiful ways.
What role do you think your parents played in your view of money as you were growing up?
These new players, along with their super PACs, undermine the influence of the parties in another crucial way.
In between, taped music by the composer Scott Killian provides both contrast and continuity.
With McCall’s, which became Rosie in 2001 and was closed a year later, they were known as the Seven Sisters.
“This house is my art project, and you’re inside it,” Mr. Wald said.
“It drove Bob Zemeckis away from live action.” He credited Mr. Zemeckis – known to non-Spielbergians as the director of the “Back to the Future” series, “Who Framed Roger Rabbit” and “Polar Express” — as an innovator in film technology.
This morning, there is no shortage of more rumors — that the new iPad will be called the iPad HD, that there could be a smaller, cheaper model (though maybe not announced tomorrow), that it could have the Siri voice-recognition technology.
But at practice and in video sessions Thursday, the emphasis was not on offense, but defense.
The 12th-seeded Rams will try to return to the Final Four for a second straight season.
With Catherine Keener, Adam Brody, Oliver Platt and Allison Janney; Julian Farino directed.
Sergio Marchionne, the chief executive of both Fiat and Chrysler, said that factories in Italy were operating at 50 percent capacity, well below the level analysts say is needed to be profitable.
The South American division had a pretax profit of $54 million in the first quarter, and Asia-Pacific reported a $95 million loss.
Accept German leadership and domination of a unified Europe.
So Andy Lee punts it back with 1:36 left.
Dustin Johnson and Matt Kuchar of the United States won, 1-up, over Nicolas Colsaerts and Paul Lawrie, with Johnson sinking a long, critical birdie putt on the par-3 17th.
Important journalistic questions of objectivity, impartiality, bias and transparency lie just beneath the surface here.
Steward defends his independence, unswayed by any part of the financial or political community.
Democrats went to court and got them reversed or modified.
It is not necessarily difficult to make these types of connections, nor is it inherently risky.
“Any discretion granted to the president by Congress was intended to be limited and rarely used,” said Representative Elton Gallegly, a California Republican who is chairman of the House Judiciary subcommittee on immigration.
It also added 105 pages to what was originally a 65-page book.
When I was about 7 years old, I built a leprechaun trap out of a cardboard box, a biscuit tin and some toilet paper tubes.
Exit polls showed that 76 percent of voters who identified as gay supported Mr. Obama last week, and that 22 percent supported Mr. Romney.
When Carlos F. Coimbra, a University of California professor, looks at clouds, he wonders if he can accurately predict where they are going to go.
And yet, the Libor committee’s ties to the trade association remain strong.
The pearl industry once dominated the business sector in the Gulf.
There is historic justice in trying to rectify a crime committed a half-century ago that galvanized the architectural preservation movement.
Another veteran of the neighborhood, Daan Olthuis, has been running a restaurant, Blauw aan de Wal, for 12 years.
He has immense power, and he knows it.
Ten days before the runoff to decide Egypt ’s first competitive presidential election, the country’s ruling military council gave political party leaders 48 hours to agree on a 100-member assembly to write a new, permanent constitution, state news media reported.
But here is where Murray’s particular brand of backcourt genius – his ability to play in a neutral space with complete comfort and control — made Raonic look as if he was dominating the point, until suddenly he wasn’t.
Accordingly, under the terms of most proprietary leases in Manhattan, repair would be up to shareholder if the radiator was free-standing in the apartment.
Nothing mattered but world dominion.
The Higher School of Economics, one of the designated research universities and widely regarded as Russia’s most Western-style school, has lured 25 new faculty from the international academic job market — both overseas Russians and foreign-born nationals — with the promise of research opportunities and a smaller teaching burden than they would most likely encounter in the United States.
Begun five years ago, the Web site Free Fashion Internships lists hundreds of positions in the city, some asking far more of applicants than the jobs themselves would seem to require.
He said yields on California’s 30-year bonds, now at 4.01 percent, had also fallen this year, although they did not enjoy the highest ratings.
A few of them lifted black windbreakers above their heads in a hopeless attempt to stay dry as they made their way from the cafeteria to their classrooms under the watchful eyes of corrections officers.
“If ippon is perfectly executed, the other side will bow to you and smile.”
Some Citigroup officials said at issue was the cover-up rather than speaking to the news media without permission, which is fairly common on Wall Street.
I told her that I still had this impulse to pick up the phone and call Dad, to discuss the day with him, and that I had the feeling that if I hadn’t called him immediately, there would have been a message for me asking why I hadn’t checked in yet.
PHOTOS: PHOTO (PHOTOGRAPH BY ÁNGEL FRANCO/THE NEW YORK TIMES) (B1); People gazed into a Nasdaq stock market window moments before Facebook shares went public.
The Congressional Budget Office has projected that the health care law would reduce deficits by $210 billion in the first decade from fiscal year 2012 through 2021 given taxes, fees and health cost reductions mandated by the law.
Milk and dairy safety has become such a sensitive topic in China that some Internet searches about the scandal were reportedly blocked by government censors .
A precisionist cast of four provides vocal cartoons as evocative as Al Hirschfeld’s caricatures.
Google Maps will sync across devices.
That led to a lunch with other trade officials at the Great Hall of the People on Tiananmen Square .
Ms. Aung San Suu Kyi is looking to study the impact of government programs in the drought-hit district.
Unfortunately, none of the songs had any meta data, like album covers or artist names.
He rented a cheap room at the Y.M.C.A., bought a Ford from Jim Dall and joined the city’s upswing.
“Something is terribly wrong here,” Mr. Hikind said after the news conference.
(He cuts his hair when he’s promoted to chief.)
The sub-sublet was a studio with a balcony in Washington Square Village, a residential complex owned by New York University, and occupied mostly by faculty members and grad students.
What do you want to hang around this miserable place anyway?” One night Lazar is visited by Malach ha-Mavet, the Angel of Death.
The line between children’s theater and performance art for stoners is explored at the pavilion built by Acer, the Taiwanese electronics maker.
In my one-on-one coaching sessions with our group’s chairman, Bill LaRosa, there have been a number of “aha!” moments.
I’m the one who hatched this plot.
They will have to buy new permits only if they exceed the ceiling.
The maximum I’ve slept has been about 4 hours.” Still, Murray, in summarizing the benefits of surmounting the 17-Slam mountain that is Federer, said his greatest satisfaction Sunday was in learning from his mistakes in July’s Wimbledon final and being able to put a chokehold on the gold medal match when he had the chance by fighting off 6 break points in the second set.
Good deals may be reported to deals@nytimes.com .
By an accident of timing, he made his statement on Thursday during a visit to the European Union headquarters in Brussels that underlined his government’s desire to bolster relations with Europe.
“Time to take life a little easier, I suppose,” he said, sitting on a terrace overlooking a broad valley dotted with modest, tin-roof houses.
And maybe the actors will believe it, and maybe the viewers will believe it eventually.” Plowman added that he appointed a “slightly more experienced producer” to oversee Gervais and Merchant, “to make sure that they did know which end of the camera has the lens in it.” The success of “The Office” allowed Gervais to connect personally with several of the comedians he looked up to, elevating him from an admirer to a peer.
Fridays, 5 to 9 p.m.; Saturdays, 1 to 9 p.m.; Sundays, 1 to 5 p.m. Tivoli Artists Co-op and Gallery, 60 Broadway.
“It was probably one of the worst days of his life,” said Mr. Davis, who acknowledged that Mr. Geraghty shot Mr. Capano but denies any criminal culpability.
They’ll most likely carry out Mr. Klein’s vision without his full attention as long as News Corporation remains caught up in the hacking scandal.
In a unanimous vote on Friday, the California Air Resources Board, known as CARB, affirmed a major expansion of its Advanced Clean Car rules .
Customers at the Sheik, and seemingly everywhere else in Jacksonville, consider cherry limeades integral to the rider cosmology.
He has had a smooth start, making good on his promises for a modest rollback of a pension change under Mr. Sarkozy, but he has also been careful not to offend anyone on the left with the slightest murmur about any financial pain to come.
Mr. Wagar, of Empire, defended the practice, saying it kept down premiums over all.
A friend suggested he consider education and connected him with Pencil, a nonprofit group that brings business people into public schools.
players who are suing the league over concussions.
Two pages in, a detective is drugged by a serial killer.
It works: Brooke and I think very much alike.
The effect was graceful and moving even though, for the designer, it was back to black.
And they helped choose some of the songs they should record; it was Mr.
Yet, as Matt Kramer reminded everybody last week in his Wine Spectator column “Drinking Out Loud,’’ the notion that vintages don’t matter anymore is ridiculous, at least when you’re discussing wines that are not rearranged by technological manipulation.
My kids someday might be racing against the guy.
While browsing through a Paris wine shop before Christmas, my eyes fell on an old favorite: Château de Beaucastel, one of the most celebrated red wines of Châteauneuf-du-Pape in the Rhône Valley of France.
WNBC, which broadcast excerpts of the recordings on its 11 p.m. newscast on Wednesday, shared them with The New York Times.
We’re going to go or not.
Otherwise the law will be a reform in name only.
Longtime residents recall moving their vehicles to neighboring Bradley Beach before midnight on Saturday.
On Thursday, Spain’s Treasury sold €2.96 billion in bonds maturing in 2014, 2017 and 2019.
Abraham Roentgen had pulled off a tour de force, but the decision of the convent to employ him is even more extraordinary.
His news conferences here this week have been no exception.
Do you think this will be a higher-profile year for equestrian since the British are hosting the games?
This may particularly hold in Pennsylvania, where the messages that appeal to voters in the central and western portion of the state could turn off those in the Philadelphia suburbs.
“I am sure Akhilesh Yadav’s leadership will change things around.
Somalia is an open society with a thriving business class linked to the rest of the world; it’s impossible to be anonymous there.
Off to the left, travelers can buy maps, sunglasses and bottles of soda.
Things are rolling really well right now.” It seems vital that the Tennessee assistants had been on staff for years.
To the Editor: Re “ Hospitals Aren’t Hotels ,” by Theresa Brown (Op-Ed, March 15): Over a century ago Sir William Osler, one of the founders of modern medicine, said: “Listen to your patient.
Kristy Nicole Parker and Joseph Anthony Ferraro were married Saturday afternoon at the Church of Our Saviour in New York.
When the bracero program ended in the 1960s, tomato growers in California responded to the sudden shortage of Mexican immigrant farm workers by deploying a new mechanical harvester and a tomato that could be cut by machine.
That makes me feel better.
The stars are aligned for him to continue his resurgence against a Patriots defense that allows the second-most fantasy points to quarterbacks (21.4 FPPG).
Renamed Avancar, a Zipcar company, the service continues to be available within Barcelona, its base of operations.
It also found an indirect impact from the messages: friends of friends were influenced as well.
MADE IN JERSEY (CBS, Sept. 28) Worlds, and perhaps stereotypes, collide as a first-year lawyer from a big Italian family in New Jersey (Janet Montgomery) goes to work for a high-class Manhattan firm.
It is one of the great films of my life, and I consider myself a film buff.
Last year she ran her first race — the New York City Marathon — with Mr. Terrero.
Sales at Yum’s stores open at least 12 months rose 5 percent in the United States, the most in more than a year.
You can follow him on Twitter @DerekVanRiper .
A ceremony in Iran to honor the Academy Award-winning director Asghar Farhadi was canceled on Monday after the authorities there denied permission for the event, The Associated Press reported .
Ms. Bosanek became instantly famous when President Obama coined the term the “Buffett Rule” in September, citing Mr. Buffett’s oft-repeated claim that he pays a smaller percentage of his income to the federal government than his secretary does.
They must be thinking of the Aztecs.” Gail said she didn’t see how the Incas could be involved.
The bridegroom, 29, is to begin working in August in the affordable housing group of the Related Companies, the real estate development firm based in New York.
For Ms. Gverdtsiteli some of the mostly female fans arrived in their opening-night finery — furs, heavy perfume and pearls.
The nonprofit Mule Deer Foundation works with this group in running the annual drawing of “convention permits.” Miles Moretti, the president of the foundation, said an auction “doesn’t violate the North American model.
Both candidates are relying heavily on “bundlers,” supporters who gather checks from friends and business associates and help host fund-raisers.
Their next display, “Crossing mirrors,” an interplay between contemporary and tribal art, opens Thursday to tie in with the opening of the FIAC.
He was the only candidate other than Mr. Romney to raise enough money to run a full 50-state campaign from the start.
“I’ve come to fight for Israel,” Ms. Livni, 54, said in an impassioned 20-minute speech at the journalists’ union office in Tel Aviv.
Thursdays through Mondays, 9:30 a.m. to 5:30 p.m.
The company then makes an inventory itself, telling you things like, no, you can’t fit that walk-in closet full of winter coats into a single cardboard box.
While some heritage buildings are still occupied by generations-old family businesses — silversmiths, watchmakers, dim sum purveyors — others have newer identities.
For that reason, the things he does to remind himself of his roots as a Midwestern parish priest — a time he often speaks of fondly — will probably become even more cherished rituals, including his commitment to celebrate the 7:30 a.m. Mass each weekday morning when he can.
Everybody else would be an amateur in the Obama tradition who would not know what they were doing or how to do it if they won.” Polls showing that Mr. Gingrich’s support has been cut in half in Iowa hint at the obstacles he faces moving on to New Hampshire, South Carolina and Florida, where Mr. Romney’s supporters, with a far larger war chest, plan to use similar damaging ads painting Mr. Gingrich as inconsistent on issues and a Washington influence peddler.
IPhone traffic to his Web site — which he attributes to the ads — more than quadrupled, Mr. Feinstein said, and so he increased his spending to $15,000, then $20,000.
The rural gentry and village hoi polloi of “Midsomer” are reliably smug, venal and pretentious, and a fair share of the murders seem largely justified, if still regrettable.
Craig Dedo, a computer consultant and Walker supporter, said the race boiled down to one question: Who runs Wisconsin?
After “the hottest of the fight was over,” Simpson Hamrick recalled, Gen. George H. Gordon, the 27th’s brigade commander, rode up to the Hoosiers and “thanked them & Said that they had made the Noblest Stand ever men Did.” “We regard [it] as quite a compliment,” Hamrick explained to his father, “for our Gen. is a Massachuts Yankey and has always acted toward us before as though he thought but little of us.” It was not just the men from Indiana who had proven, in Hamrick’s words, “equal to the emergency.” Accompanying Hoosier farm boys like Hamrick into battle were men from Wisconsin, Massachusetts, New Jersey and New York.
It’s an analytics system that enables clients like insurers or car companies to identify common details among their best customer segments and then bid to show ads to people who resemble those best customers.
When informed by telephone that he had won, “It was all I could do to hold back tears,” he said.
For newspaper delivery questions: 1-800-NYTIMES (1-800-698-4637) or e-mail customercare@nytimes.com .
The model can and does evaluate all this context when it considers a poll, and sometimes it concludes that a set of survey results are stronger or weaker for a candidate than they might appear on the surface.
If desired, chremsel may be reheated in a 350-degree oven just before serving.
“Lynd Ward Draws Stories: Inspired by Mexico’s History, Mark Twain and Adventures in the Woods.” Through June 30.
The intensity of the relationship peaked earlier too — at age 27, as opposed to age 32 for men — and lasted for about 14 years, twice as long as for men, the wireless records indicated.
Three of the dead in the one-vehicle accident were children, said a spokesman for the Fire Department, Jim Long.
In an editorial published in The Wall Street Journal, Mr. Whitacre wrote that G.M.
Their subject is the well-known but endlessly fascinating Torre de David in Caracas, an unfinished 45-story ruin from the early 1990s, built (as it happens, by a relative of Mr. Brillembourg’s, now dead) to be a bank headquarters, abandoned when a financial crisis hit Venezuela in 1993, and lately appropriated by squatters who have improvised apartments, shops, bodegas and gyms on 20-odd floors and who have in essence created a vertical slum.
A customer involved in an accident would have to pay a $750 deductible for the vehicle, he added.
“Sometimes, I don’t like it, because I have the potential to lose money,” said M. D. Islam, a cabby from Queens who has been driving for six months.
Along with the surge in demand for lavish prewar co-ops, the success of developments like Superior Ink in Greenwich Village, and 15 Central Park West and the Laureate on the Upper West Side, makes it all the more likely that future developers will choose luxury over affordability.
That slow section is all about trust, with dancers falling backward to be caught by other dancers, with dancers sitting in other dancers’ hands.
I love the way loose pigment from M.A.C.
“We can have a just society, and we can be humane in the process,” Mr. Durbin said.
Many economists say the jolt of tax increases and spending cuts would shock the economy after four years of stimulus measures.
As usual, Julian Wachner , the church’s director of music, led vital, energetic performances, particularly impressive for the rich expressivity of the choral singing.
The new app provides a way for retailers to reach shoppers on their phones, Mr.
A passerby, Chris Northcliffe, 51, also died of his gunshot wounds, the police said.
That story, with its path from hopeful prodigy to grateful prodigal, certainly offers no shortage of drama.
The scientists and other experts said the work was a giant step toward developing computerized laboratories that could carry out many thousands of experiments much faster than is possible now, helping scientists penetrate the mysteries of diseases like cancer and Alzheimer’s.
According to the police, the man fled with an undetermined amount of cash in a dark BMW driven by a woman with blond highlights.
The Washington Times survived the fracas over Mr. Whelan’s departure; about three years later, the editorial page editor, William P. Cheshire, along with several editorial writers, resigned over what they said was church interference.
But the 26-year-old receiver has not progressed enough as a route runner.
Those who have misplaced personal belongings on the streets of New York know this: The city does not care if you need your keys or wallet back.
Jake is able to put his own peer-group cloning into nine well-chosen words: “Grinning and nodding and going along with the program.” But the gang’s group portrait darkens when they designate an inevitable scapegoat to give Bump Stubbins a much-needed sense of purpose.
“This is not a mystery to me.
And yet this is the sort of war we have fought, almost exclusively, for over 50 years.
According to the listing agent, the houses in the neighborhood are a mix of 1940s and 1950s ranch-style houses and newer builds.
“This is not speculation,” he says.
It was a calculated bet against Instagram and it left Mr. Systrom livid, these people said.
Officials made plans to reopen Kennedy, the larger of the two and a major departure point for international flights, on Wednesday.
April 4 at 8 p.m. $8.
Brier Dudley at the Seattle Times went to town listing eight reasons for Mr. Sinofsky’s ouster.
Two sisters inherited it from their father and then passed it down to other family members.
In response, the Vatican withdrew its ambassador to Ireland.
Talks are scheduled to resume for three or four days in Toronto on Monday, with Tuesday the big day for the union’s first proposal.
And whereas “Moves Like Jagger” was a titanium outlier on “Hands All Over,” Maroon 5’s 2011 album, “Payphone” sounds no shallower or slicker than the rest of “Overexposed.” But is that a bad thing?
He also complained that the ambitious science and technology endeavors of the 1960s had become a thing of the past, and argued that American society had lost the vision to make great leaps into the future.
“She has a problem with the way it’s being presented.
(Scott) ★ ‘A Dangerous Method’ (R, 1:39) Michael Fassbender is Carl Jung, Viggo Mortensen is Sigmund Freud, and Keira Knightley is Sabina Spielrein, a young woman caught between the two giants of modern psychology during the years of their volatile association.
Twinned opening scenes — the first involving a giant, alabaster-skinned biped sacrificing himself to propagate life on Earth, and the second, thousands of years later, devoted to scientists’ finding traces of his presences — impart a palpable sense of awe.
“The craziest thing,” said Turetzky, who was not working that road game but who has scored and seen it all in New Jersey, including Rod Thorn’s defection from the Nets’ front office to Philadelphia’s after Mikhail D. Prokhorov, the Russian tycoon, took over the team in 2010.
But this is now more or less Mitt Romney’s official position .
The Postal Service is testing a same-day service in San Francisco that is meant to offset its declining carrier business, a spokesman said.
Still, Mr. Mehsling said the new evaluation systems could result in more objective reviews.
It is likely to be a hard sell overseas — where Discovery is rapidly expanding — but Mr. Schleiff said the format could be repeated in other countries, imagining a Destination Italy or a Destination United Kingdom.
Three weeks after Rodney Pearson became Jasper County’s first black state highway patrolman, he responded to a call from the Jasper Country Club.
Add to this mix a sesquipedalian lawyer (Martyn Ellis), an Anglo-African pub owner (Trevor Laird) and a couple of wild-card waiters (Ben Livingston and Tom Edden).
But perhaps as was expected, the glut of Americans was cut down in size Saturday.
NEW YORK TIMES Coke Denies It Is in Talks to Buy Monster Beverage | The Coca-Cola Company said it was not in talks to buy the Monster Beverage Corporation, after speculation about negotiations between the two had circulated.
“Newt Gingrich had his opportunity,” said Mr. Santorum, who is set to travel to Nevada later on Wednesday.
They picked up books on British malting and hard-to-find pamphlets published by the United States Department of Agriculture in 1943.
That what amounts to mass enslavement and torture of animals without conscience will end before too long.
One drawing depicted a Mediterranean estate with a large auto court; he named it after a girl called Lauren.
Press a personal unlock combination, and digital numbers will appear on the card to complete the credit card number; the magnetic stripe is written with the information of the credit account.
The $5 price is no random number, as it echoes what Subway charges for its popular foot-long sub sandwiches.
He proposed a basic partnering class for younger dancers and now teaches it on his day off.
“Urban/Suburban,” artists who reflect their environment in their work.
Daily, 10 a.m. to 5 p.m.
In the middle of the afternoon we were the only visitors.
Ms. Gilbert, who was close to her great-aunt while growing up (Ferber, who died in 1968, never married), has become Ferber’s executor, and it was her idea to resurrect the possibility of “Giant” as a musical.
Star Olympic sprinters have made the transition to other sports before.
Since then, activists have been mainly supportive of the United States’ efforts to help Mr. Chen.
“The type of people that use the airport are high middle class that used to feel more or less safe in Mexico City,” said Jorge Chabat, an expert on security and drug trafficking at CIDE, a Mexico City research group.
The sisters Claire (Jeanine Serralles) and Solange (Ana Reeder) would not fare well in the tightly run confines of, say, Downton Abbey.
“Even so,” he wrote, “with prices rising at an annualized rate of close to 10 percent in the second quarter, without another major shock, house prices are more likely to surprise on the upside than the downside this year.” Some of the strongest showings could be seen in many cities in the South and West that were among those hit hardest.
Claiming they had identified the boy from a video of the mob that torched the jeep, the police charged him with “waging war against the state,” among other things.
“Union Square,” Nancy Savoca’s long-awaited return to feature filmmaking, is the tale of two sisters divided by temperament, geography and class.
Did he miss the point where even Jacob Weisberg apologized for his initial praise , admitting that I reacted too quickly and didn’t sort out just how laughable Ryan’s long-term spending projections were.
Pakistan insists that United States forces were entirely at fault and has demanded an apology.
ALEXANDRA You’re sorry that my mom’s gonna die?
Matthew’s version of this 60-year-old chestnut is prepared and flambéed tableside with panache — along with plenty of butter, brown sugar and dark rum.
“I thought there were some good things,” Manning said.
He is on the board of Camba, a nonprofit organization that provides educational programs and legal assistance to low-income individuals and families.
As for Teletovic, he is 26, signed his first professional contact at age 16 and is a more mysterious commodity than players with N.B.A.
Mondays through Fridays, 10 a.m. to 5 p.m.; Saturdays and Sundays, noon to 4 p.m. Mills Pond House Gallery, 660 Route 25A.
Banks should also give big gains from this type of adjustment equal prominence.
Neathway has faced similar charges in the past.
2 seed, beat Cornell, 3-1, to earn their spot in the championship game.
GOLDMAN BEATS EXPECTATIONS | Goldman Sachs may be getting its groove back.
They were at home in Carmel, Ind., watching CNBC in February 2009 when the commentator Rick Santelli began a rant against government bailouts that has been credited with inspiring the Tea Party movement.
Besides more breathing room, Cheryl, a writer at Mount Sinai Medical Center, and William, an associate history professor at Bronx Community College, discovered dozens of attractions — many underused — ideal for families.
Mr. Mitchell is studying for an M.B.A. at the University of Pennsylvania.
“You have to be able to hike,” she said.
I don’t think you can practice thinking like somebody.” Before the snap, Sanders tries to visualize how the play will develop.
Sadly, many aides are seriously underpaid.
Players in professional circuits were barred from major tournaments, a policy that cost professionals like Jack Kramer and Rod Laver dearly in the record books, if not at the bank.
The couple were sued by landlords, declared bankruptcy and lost a house they had briefly owned.
(He said he even found himself enjoying it when he was play-testing, which is usually a purely analytical process.)
There are books I want to write, but I’m pretty sure I can and will write them.
Already, there are examples of how resource riches can spark conflict.
The unusual prominence of these adjustments in first-quarter releases – Citigroup and Morgan Stanley did it, too — deserves scrutiny.
To get the referendum on the ballot, the opposition submitted to the election authorities more than three million signatures.
Want a unique summer vacation?
“The new guys want to have those stories too, ‘cause they think they sound cool,” he said at the time.
“We’re just serving that interest.” He said that 8 in 10 customers sold their goods outright, rather than pawning them.
He explained the players’ choice to accept pay cuts: “It was, it is, difficult.
Not 2017 or 2020 or whenever…The American Academy of Pediatrics has recommended that pediatricians should write advance prescriptions for the morning-after pill for girls under 17 so they can get quick access to it if needed.
“We had a lot of girls who could play and who really understood the game, and the managers appreciated that,” Sams told The St. Louis Post-Dispatch in 1989.
was a product-centric creation, made 20 years ago in a very manufacturing-based economy,” he said.
The association is formed in a small and very specific part of the amygdala by neurons there that receive sensory information simultaneously about the tone and the pain.
Mostly, though, you heard Mr. Kahane, who ended his dense, rich program with five selections from “Where Are the Arms,” his 2011 album of sophisticated, heartfelt pop songs, rearranged here for strings, guitars and Ms. Worden’s airy backing vocals.
“It’s purely management’s mistake.” High capital levels are important, Mr. Dimon says, as are smart regulations.
What remains unclear so far is when the error in Mr. Thompson’s academic information was discovered.
“He’s been on bad teams, and he was hurt all of last year,” Williams said.
Because the pregnancy test has a very different significance to different people.
The issue of bailing out weaker euro zone members has been a divisive one in Finnish politics, with one euro-skeptic party, the True Finns, gaining almost one-fifth of the seats in Parliament by virtue of its opposition.
Brandon joked with Aaron that “foul shots are hard.” Aaron Craft, a 70 percent free-throw shooter, went 6 of 10 against Cincinnati.
They met on their first day of college in Perm, an industrial town in Russia .
The teenagers can photograph the board with their phones, storing the information to peruse in private.
“It’s not very popular.” But for collectors like Mr. Lykanen, the Lada retains some allure.
“If I can give you one piece of financial advice: If somebody offers you a guaranteed 7 percent on your money for the rest of your life, you take it and just make sure the guy’s name is not Madoff.” Public retirement systems from Alaska to Maine are running into the same dilemma as they struggle to lower their assumed rates of return in light of very low interest rates and unpredictable stock prices.
The timing would seem propitious for a reversal of the government’s stance on its refusal to make a break with its more recent past.
Harris’s perfect five-for-five performance came despite the use by someone in the crowd of a laser to try to distract him every time he lined up a kick.
The introduction of Huffington , the subscription magazine for tablets from The Huffington Post, has caused some hiccups in the normally smooth online promotion of digital media — especially reporting by digital media organizations about other digital media organizations.
He also argued that he has been more committed to investing in public education than has Mr. McDonnell.
NBC said that in the episode, titled “The Surprise Party,” Ms. Minnelli will sing an original song with a “Smash” regular, Christian Borle, that was created for the series by the composers Marc Shaiman and Scott Wittman.
And maybe speak to your children’s schools, to get your kids thrown out of school.’ ” Rabbi Gluck said he had helped at least a dozen ultra-Orthodox abuse victims bring cases to the Brooklyn district attorney in recent years, and each time, he said, the victim came under heavy pressure to back down.
Even the taste of wassail is a bit hazy to many who grew up with it.
The opera opens with Bunyan (played by the same singer who plays the Pilgrim) locked up for unorthodox preaching in Bedford’s prison.
We examined the championship games or series of the N.F.L., N.B.A., N.H.L., and Major League Baseball, and the major finals in golf and tennis to identify our own championships characteristics in our book, “Who Will Win the Big Game?
You did your first Broadway show, “The ____________ With the Hat,” last year, but you picked a play where you weren’t the center of the story.
On the scale of youthful and potential men’s tour heirs, the 21-year-old Milos Raonic of Canada is the closest to a major breakthrough, though it is also difficult to define what even that means when three players — Federer, Rafael Nadal and Novak Djokovic — have won 29 of the last 30 slam titles and show little inclination of easing their chokehold.
The Masque had a classical theme, featuring Greek gods and goddesses with wonderful costumes and props, including a full size chariot.
• The Hunt column on Nov. 11, about the search for a larger home by James Marion and Allison Rutledge-Parisi, described incorrectly the configuration of a house on West 113th Street.
That helped drive down the company’s 2012 earnings estimates, analysts said.
The bride’s mother is an assistant kindergarten teacher at Newington Forest Elementary School in Springfield, Va.
Similarly, when younger artists are increasingly encouraged to make work that tackles the problems of the world, she demonstrates that these things can’t be easily calculated.
The canyon was carved into the floor by the tides of the Hudson River 10,000 years ago, during the last ice age.
“This is a longstanding request that, with the opportunity now before us, we are fulfilling,” said Capt.
Dr. Hamburg’s remarks signaled that the Obama administration will press for new legislation in response to the meningitis outbreak, which was caused by contaminated pain medication made by a compounding pharmacy in Massachusetts.
The brick-and-mortar bookstore, as people seem to point out to us hourly, is not exactly a thriving business model (though we are doing fine), and the publishing industry, especially since the Department of Justice has decided to be Amazon’s bodyguard, is struggling as well.
“Why, she looked great,” he said.
Those factors generally contribute to low turnouts, she said, so “whether they’ll go to the polls is anybody’s guess.” Their transformative power lies, most likely, in the future.
So of course it turns out to be a true story.
The Free Democrats are now polling dangerously at or below the 5 percent minimum needed to get into Parliament.
Federal officials have responded by sending tons of food for the Haitians, who currently number more than 1,000 in each border settlement.
“The governor was responding to the questioner’s references to violence against women and to association with Hamas, I think both of which are things that many people do associate as he said with Islamic terrorists,” Victoria Coates, an art historian and foreign policy adviser to Mr. Perry, told reporters after the debate .
Of course it is preferable for political negotiations to stop mass violence before it burns out for want of further victims, if this can possibly be achieved.
What’s the worst financial decision you’ve ever made, and how much did it cost you?
Though big companies have won the main contracts so far, the actual cleanup — essentially a simple but tedious task of scrubbing and digging — is being carried out by numerous subcontractors and sub-subcontractors, who in turn rely on untrained casual laborers to do the dirtiest decontamination work.
One, who said he rode on the sidewalk for only three seconds, thought his punishment was too severe.
They suggest that the new troubles and insurgent advances in Bamian may be a disturbing revelation that the Taliban fighters are not as weakened as some hope.
Do you think that’s commonplace at other shows?
When Janet Holwell first joined Weight Watchers seven years ago, she lost 43 pounds in one year and considered the popular commercial weight-loss plan “miraculous.” “I felt like I had found the magic key, the secret that eluded me all of these years,” said Ms. Holwell, who has maintained most of her weight loss by continuing to adhere to the program.
Conservative pundits have noted that similar explanations were proferred to explain the failures of Jimmy Carter .
No one ever has to know why I choose to sing what I sing!
It bothers me after I hit a bullet somewhere and I hit it right there.” The Rays’ run of success in the standings began in 2008, when they vaulted from their traditional home in last place to the top of the A.L.
teams were only 4.6 points better than average.
Her mother (Ritu Singh Pande) brings her to New York, but her father (Jimi Mistry) is forced to stay behind, promising to join them later.
He actually played left tackle in 2011, but at his size and with his skills, he projects as a guard in the N.F.L.
As The Times’s stylebook says, no hyphen is called for unless this modifier is used before its noun.
Two-thirds of American adolescents ages 12 to 19 are of normal weight, 16 percent are overweight, and another 18 percent are obese; the percentages stayed fairly constant between 1999 and 2008.
They can choose later to align with a party.
“I did not have any plans for it to be broadcast,” he said.
Bank of America, which reported the illegal activity, has been cooperating for more than four years with Justice Department prosecutors, who say that bankers paid kickbacks to CDR Financial Products to rig bids on investment contracts sold to local governments.
They had been cared for by the Tibetan exile community in India.
Obviously, a couch potato and an Olympic swimmer of the same height and weight would have very different body shapes.
FELLER--Allan B.,77 years old, of Harrison, NY, passed away peacefully, surrounded by his loving family and friends on Thursday, March 8th, 2012 in Boca Raton, FL.
But some of the less prominent departments would also get new leadership.
The bones are in place for a successful program.
American officials must also balance our support for a particular dissident with other national interests at stake.
Nathan Lewin has argued several religious freedom cases before the Supreme Court, including some involving the wearing of a skullcap while on military duty and the display of menorahs on public property.
Within an hour, his video report would be posted on YouTube, and then picked up by networks around the world.
“It’s taking the pressure off.” In Nordstrom’s case, customers have surprised the retailer.
“It was like a ‘boom.’ Then the whole house shook a little.” No one was injured, and the driver and passengers fled the scene, Mr. Campbell said.
“You can kiss the American automotive industry goodbye.” So you said, back in the early days of the one-termer you just defeated, should the car companies be rescued by the government.
WHEN have you ever ventured out, night or day, in search of interesting insects or animals?
Discovering How Weather Patterns Affect Natural Cycles.”
Warfield achieved independent stardom, mostly on less prominent stages, but eventually the Met invited her back for two Dalilas in the new house.
Dr. Sverdrup and Dr. Munk derived the first formulas for waves as a function of wind speed, time (duration) and distance (fetch).
He is one of the rare riders to do so.
Mr. Gabriele said that he had given documents to Mr. Sciarpelletti, but said they were not of a confidential nature.
The display opened on Monday night with a party, where the actress Uma Thurman lent some additional glamor to the vehicles.
So it raises the question, is getting a $650 iPhone from T-Mobile a good deal?
Rousseau wrote in his “Confessions” that while he considered tears the most eloquent testimony of love, he also just liked to cry over nothing — a frivolous form of self-indulgence.
“It’s sad that we are still here,” she said, citing figures from the World Health Organization that counted 34 million people around the world living with H.I.V., 2.7 million new infections and 1.8 million deaths in 2010.
The company said its target of cutting 10 percent of jobs should be reached by the end of the calendar year.
For years, I worried that I would be dismissed for being too young right up until the moment when I started being dismissed for being too old.
The vans are providing care in Coney Island and the Rockaways, and will start service on Staten Island on Tuesday.
It was supposed to decide the succession question, but King Abdullah exempted himself, and it has never been activated.
That has since changed, he said.
Two did: Summer, a 17-year-old senior with a baby, and Alleyah, a tiny 14-year-old eighth grader.
To turn off the ads (or as Amazon calls it, “unsubscribe from special offers”), log onto the Manage Your Kindle page with your Amazon user name and password.
Ian Poulter barely had enough money for a car with four decent tires, much less for a weekend getaway to see the Ryder Cup for the first time.
Publicly, Mr. Obama has begun to emphasize the economic good news in recent weeks.
LES HINTON Executive chairman of News International when the scandal broke in 2006 and, later, publisher of The Wall Street Journal Testified to Parliament in 2009 that the hacking was limited to one rogue reporter.
Waters chanced upon Brett Bidle, 20, a town councilman from Myersville, Md., who was en route to Joplin, Mo., to help with tornado rebuilding efforts there.
The group has had some prominent supporters, including former F.B.I.
It features Art Ramalho, Micky Ward’s first trainer, speaking in his gym in Lowell in a Massachusetts.
Kreider withstood pressure from defenseman Marek Zidlicky and slid the puck smoothly back to Girardi, who was cruising over the blue line after having jumped onto the ice during a line change.
I just don’t remember any candidate being asked in those really entertaining G.O.P.
At Bell Labs, the man most responsible for the culture of creativity was Mervin Kelly.
Everyone has a different cluing style, even within the constraints placed on the constructor by Cryptic crosswords.
“The hardest thing is how slow you have to take it.”) For every intense day, Hash makes sure a quieter one follows.
That is, until the very concept of work began to feel like an intrusion from an industrialized time best left forgotten, its tenets wholly rescinded.
In just under a decade, the fair has gone from being a scrappy upstart to becoming a fixture on the international art circuit, a requisite stop for an elite group of buyers and sellers and, increasingly, for a broader public that just likes to look.
tournament, it was more likely you would have chosen two No.
But I wouldn’t offer to pay for my daughters to freeze their eggs — because they’re 32 and 28, and I think it might already be too late.
July 11 at 10 a.m. $6 and $11.
Starbucks said on Monday that it was reviewing its British tax practices after the company disclosed recently that it had paid no corporate tax in Britain last year despite generating £398 million in sales.
There was also the potential to fall prey to the sameness of the color, especially in the summer season, when yes, there are varieties of green but the green is what is prevailing.
He surrounded himself with a roster of veteran advisers who positioned Mr. Huntsman as a new brand of Republican.
At one point Lubna mentioned that she had urged her husband to take them all to Tunisia , where it was safer.
Just in time for the holidays, the London designer Sebastian Bergne offers us the very tasty Brussels Sprouts Wrap, his ode to a vegetable that he thinks many people in the U.K. still “love to hate.” Like many born-again Brussels sprout fans, Bergne understands that it’s all about the cooking, and has printed his favorite recipe — which includes bacon and chestnuts — on the paper itself.
The economy does not need an outsize dose of fiscal austerity now; it does need a credible deficit-reduction plan to stabilize the debt-to-G.D.P.
“With public understanding, we will be building anew,” Mr. Abe said.
And I wasn’t aware that a smoked herring was called a BLOATER (which just sounds nasty).
The State Department instead arranged for him to be transferred to the national authorities in Beijing.
Preakness coverage begins at 4:30 p.m. Eastern on NBC; post time is set for 6:18 p.m.
And you knew it was coming: social media insurance.
The coast constituted a threat, the place where wrecks occurred and the stench of death wafted from beached whales.
He suggested offering more V.I.P.
Children stopped going to school.
“As much as universities should be cauldrons of creativity and breeding grounds for new creative activity, the Beats needed to feel that they were being stifled by forces at the university.” They seemed to enjoy the idea, he added, “that these forces were straitjacketing them, whether it was true or not.” “Kill Your Darlings,” from Killer Films, an independent production company, tells a version of the story that can also be found in “And the Hippos Were Boiled in Their Tanks,” a roman à clef written in 1945 by Kerouac and Burroughs but unpublished until 2008.
She and her siblings now speak a few words of English.
Rick Perry as proof that the move can be successful.
If they were looking for evidence that a Romney administration would deliver significantly better results overseas, then they probably came away disappointed, and Obama’s win will boost him in the polls.
“I am lucky in so many ways."
Again, the poem seems simplified.
each produced privacy reports and recommendations this year calling for varying degrees of industry self-regulation and statutes.
On Tuesday, the investigators were in the process of conducting a more in-depth forensic examination, the official said.
Moscow and especially Beijing attach far more importance to relations with the West than they do to their own “strategic partnership.” The United States remains the strategic and security benchmark for Moscow; the European Union is by far Russia’s largest trading partner and source of foreign investment, and European civilization is its chief cultural reference point.
THEY met eight years ago at a Marine Corps combat center: Michael Roushion, 25, of Oakland, Calif., had served one tour of duty and was re-enlisting; Nicole Burnett, 18, newly graduated from Lincoln High School in Yonkers, was fulfilling her childhood dream of becoming a Marine.
The Cubans got the message.
STEINBERG--Andrew, 53, of Chevy Chase, MD and Falls Village, CT, died at home in Chevy Chase on May 20 of uveal melanoma.
Is there a strong constituency for abolishing Medicaid and letting the poor, when they are ill, fend for themselves in the market for health care?
The first, taken by the celebrated photographer Eddie Adams during a surprise insurgent attack on Saigon in 1968, showed a South Vietnamese official, his pistol at arm’s length, executing a captured Vietcong soldier at point-blank range.
But the reserve itself — a vast natural reservoir amid the coyotes and wide-open plains of the Texas Panhandle — is less than imposing.
Arguably, much that has happened in the financial world over the last 200 years can be seen as a continuation of the revolution in efficiency begun by money.
Last year, 87 percent scored a 6 or above.
“We don’t talk about, obviously, what specific military plans that we have,” Mr. Panetta told reporters.
About 10 of us went to dinner at a brewery, where Justin sat next to me, close.
The financial crisis, however, has revealed that Catalonia, like many other regions, has badly managed its public accounts.
This isn’t amnesty that will necessarily result in citizenship, but “deferred action” that only lasts for up to two years, plus extensions.
China now is in a far different position than it was two decades ago, when it was subjected to international censure for the bloody crackdown.
“Brazil’s leaders have a more global view of their future,” he said, “while Argentina has a government that is ultimately self-destructive.”
In view of the state laws, Obama administration officials said they were not proposing new federal requirements for the public reporting of adverse events.
But Turkey’s aggressive tactics, which come as the country has been asserting itself politically in the Middle East in the wake of the Arab Spring, have particularly alarmed museums.
(Four clubs, Gerber, would have asked for aces.)
One suggestion: It is unlikely that Houston would get any pushback from the Dodgers should they try to resurrect the Bridegrooms.
This word tends to refer to a fact that is either useless or unsubstantiated.
That packet saves the lives of some three million children a year.
I started fighting bulls and calves there every Sunday and soon got paid bookings.
Before I lit a fire, I bought a creosote sweeping log ($20), which my local hardware store manager recommended as a way to reduce creosote.
Federer stumbled again in his next service game.
last season, ranking second in the majors to the Tampa Bay Rays.
However, some people may find it awkward to drag the small icons around from screen to screen — especially if there are quite a few apps on the phone or the fingers are not quite as nimble as they used to be.
He was 13 for 14 in the second half, threw for 3 touchdowns and 167 of his 309 yards.
But the airport bureaucracy in Miami was so heavy, at least back then, you had to show up the night before and stay in an airport hotel so you could wake up early and spend the day in a series of bewildering lines, getting things signed or stamped.
How different it was 100 years ago.
No country’s league can match the K-League’s consistency, season in, season out.
Ms. Messier paused for a moment and responded, “We’ll be all right.” The students lined up around the outlet and took turns plugging in their creations.
Sony sold its nearly 50 percent stake in the venture, S-LCD, to Samsung for about 1.08 trillion won ($962 million).
“Beyond that, I guess I have to be more conscious about who I choose to do business with online,” she said.
It hurts every bone in your body.
The redesign is to begin with a temporary entertainment complex for the 2012 summer season, with a new Pavilion complex in place for the 2013 season.
In a sense it was, but the later steps would include a bloody, bitter war of separation from France itself.
It probably helped, too, that the Kings don’t have a rival (the Ducks only half-count, since the two teams have never met in an epic playoff series).
“It was through creative expression that they got together,” Ms. Mirren said.
The moment you arrive and sit on the worn picnic-style benches, you are immediately swarmed by a gang of waiters, each man’s crisply ironed shirt representing his organization: Bismillah BBQ — Where Quality Matters, Happy Chunkie’s Kitchen, Anilz, Chick Corner, American Delights: House of Chapati, Fresh ’n’ Healthy (a juice bar) and so on and so on.
This reef is unmarked and protected by the indigenous Solomon Islanders, but there are other factors that contribute to its salubrious state.
Since January, for example, Cardinal has cut ties with a dozen pharmacies in states including Arizona, California, Nevada and Oklahoma, interviews and court records show.
There is a half bathroom just off the entryway, and a windowed alcove to the right is used as a home office.
After passage of the bill in the French Senate last month, dozens of lawmakers from across the political spectrum submitted appeals to the council, insisting that the legislation violated free speech rights and that it was not the place of the legislature to impose its own explanation for the hundreds of thousands of Armenian deaths that began in 1915, amid the chaos of World War I and the collapse of the Ottoman Empire .
Below is the news conference transcript, as provided by the United States Open Web site.
The sunnier side of the term “mob mentality” spontaneously emerged, and we were once again overwhelmed by that well-worn cliché that sometimes fits just right: “Only in New York.”
“Six kids, they don’t have fathers, so that is a sad history.” The state police agency allows its officers to fire on vehicles during pursuits, whether the officers are seated in helicopters or cars or standing on a highway overpass.
Born June 22, 1921, passed away May 17, 2012, after a long illness.
He rose through the ranks and in 2006 landed on the exchange-traded funds and Delta One trading desk.
This new breed of public-interest designers proceeds from a belief that everybody deserves good design, whether in a prescription bottle label that people can more easily read and understand, a beautiful pocket park to help a city breathe or a less stressful intake experience at the emergency room.
Bank of America Merrill Lynch and the law firm Kirkland & Ellis advised ABB on the deal.
But the maps are still the subject of court fights and could change.
Over 27 years in the Emirates, he learned basic tailoring skills, financed the education and weddings of his six sisters and paid his mother’s medical bills, all while providing financial support for his wife and two children in Kerala.
It got so bad that I went to Oxford in 1985, as a Marshall Scholar, specifically to study with Dummett.
Read what he has to say about her here .
The more comforting thought for the Yankees and Manager Joe Girardi would be for Rivera to just stay.
She has written several papers on loneliness with a colleague, John T. Cacioppo, based on a large, long-term study of Cook County residents.
Sainte-Beuve at his most ornate could pass as a model for Calasso, rather than his great countryman and fellow ­philosopher-critic, Benedetto Croce.
It’s an especially important protection these days, when large moneyed interests are free to buy any election they want.
Instead, they said, the university has overreacted based on an open-ended definition of hazing.
Freezing turns them mealy, and no amount of oil or salt can make them taste like the fresh-cut potatoes that are standard issue at some burger joints now.
This was the last iteration of her set, so they really wanted to make a modern theater for her.
Part of the problem is the 35-hour workweek, passed by the Socialists, which Mr. Sarkozy has not dismantled.
“I think there’s a huge opportunity to build a huge chain of a few hundred locations,” Mr. Kostman said of his restaurant.
German exporters have benefited from a euro dragged down in value by the struggling southern countries, and they are able to borrow money at rock-bottom rates as investors seek safe havens.
But now as then, for-profit agencies have taken their complaints to the Small Business Administration, setting up a conflict with the Labor Department.
He did not speak with reporters before the game.
PRIVATE EMPIRE, by Steve Coll.
Players and fans alike donned layers to battle the chill and wind.
The fighting in the region has forced tens of thousands of people to flee to a refugee camp in South Sudan.
“I don’t think I have the luxury to reflect on the season so far,” Kuroda said.
“Putting your name on the wall, all that stuff — none of it was really important to the family,” Mr. Lerner said.
Back in Anacostia in 2007, Obama acknowledged that “changing the odds in our cities will require humility in what we can accomplish and patience with our progress.” But real change would take more than that, he said: “Most importantly, it will require the sustained commitment of the president of the United States.”
We encourage people to separate the film from fact and seek a better understanding of the corrupting influence torture has on governments and societies.
Follow Lens on Facebook and Twitter .
Middle-income countries where AIDS is prevalent have steadily increased their share of the annual total of more than $16 billion spent around the world fighting the disease, but the poorest countries still need help.
In 2006, the industry secured signatures from 66 lawmakers on a letter urging the F.D.A.
It was bittersweet to witness the scene from a veranda at the back of the church, feeling as if I were the ghost of Christmas past.
The legislative intent of Dodd-Frank is most definitely to identify and limit system risk wherever it occurs, including outside the banking system.
In February, Mr. Fairey admitted that he had been mistaken and pleaded guilty to fabricating and destroying evidence .)
“The fact is I think I am a verb instead of a personal pronoun,” he told his doctor.
Sometimes I kind of think back to where I was a year ago and where I am now, it’s just a complete 180.
“If they don’t extend the Permit Extension Act, I would have to go back and incur all the expenses of going through two rounds of approvals all over.” Even if some builders are no longer in a position to complete projects, the value of the permits remains significant, Mr. Van Osten said.
It is unclear whether Intel will have any better luck than its peers in the technology industry have had persuading media companies to go along with its plans.
The national tradition of craftsmanship fostered a culture of ingenuity, which helped to shape the industrial age.
It could have been easy to raise us as precocious fans with encyclopedic baseball knowledge; we were entrenched.
May 25 at 8:30 p.m. $15 and $20.
Toys like Barbie , G.I.
Santana will not pitch again this season, and the Mets have concerns about pushing the other members of their staff too far.
The earnings report, released after the market closed, sent Amazon shares down as much as 9 percent in after-hours trading, but they quickly recovered.
Mr. Abbas said he believed that Israel intended to destroy the basis for a two-state solution to the Israel-Palestinian conflict.
He brings up gay marriage anyway.
Prince Charming’s Quest for Love and Ecology in NYC.” A musical by Mary Feinsinger and Joan Ross Sorkin, it presents a fairy tale hero who has to choose between an old-fashioned romantic quest and a modern mission to save the environment.
That change led to a sharp drop in new deportation cases this year.
On Dec. 6, he will perform his first full concert in New York at the Standard East Village.
The bride’s father is a driver in New York for SuperShuttle.
Three families and eight children lived in that building, and yet, nobody was hurt.
Its rival, the Fatah-dominated Palestinian Authority, has limited control in the Israeli-occupied West Bank and has also worked to suppress Hamas there.
Many left for the United States.
Each season in the theme park world brings a spirit of roller coaster one-upmanship.
Surrounded by, and generally overshadowing, several of the Met’s own Rembrandts, it is among the high points of European painting, not the least for the pale background wall where two drawn circles echo, abstractly and much enlarged, the painter’s intent gaze.
• A theater entry in last Sunday’s Week Ahead column described incorrectly the racial makeup of a new Broadway production of “A Streetcar Named Desire.” The play features a multiracial cast that has an emphasis on black actors, but it is not an all-black production.
Tamoxifen has side effects, including endometrial cancer , blood clots and hot flashes, which cause many women to stop taking the drug.
Separately, at Rochdale, one-bedrooms start at $7,200, with about $700 in monthly charges.
Then comes Florida, which is lower on the list than you might expect, especially since it has 29 electoral votes.
The commissioners also noted that the Interior Department had dismantled the office formerly in charge of offshore drilling , the Minerals Management Service, and replaced it with three offices responsible for leasing, safety, and revenue collection to avoid conflicts of interest.
Much of Mr. Adams’s work has been published in books, a traditional art-photography format, and the gelatin silver prints on view here are not much larger than images you would see in books.
The deaths are sometimes complicated by other factors, too, which make these cases legally difficult to pursue.
Like J. M. Coetzee’s stylistically astute but politically dubious “Disgrace,” “Gone to the Forest” admits only white settlers to the inner circle of the inner life.
Let me have a chance to translate.
Also, Republicans definitely do like gardening.
Much of the attention focused on Russia , which stoutly opposes an Arab League proposal, backed by Western and Arab diplomats, that calls for Mr. Assad to cede power as part of a transition to democracy.
As he works to energize the conservative base ahead of the general election, Mitt Romney came to the annual gathering of the National Rifle Association on Friday seeking support from a powerful group that has not always embraced him.
Supporters of the bill wanted a vote.
The 2.2-mile-long downhill course, known as Rosa Khutor, was either “the most amazing hill that I’ve ever seen for downhill” (the American skier Travis Ganong) or “a little too turny for a true downhill” (his teammate Ted Ligety).
There was always plenty of food for the taking.” What is happening to the delta today is a national crisis.
Collectors and curators from the region quickly took an interest in Ms. Jinchi’s particular mixture of Eastern and Western influences.
Stanwyck never borrowed a dress in her life.”
They will offer interviews with chief information officers and other executives at Diversified Agency Services as they work with companies like Hewlett-Packard, which are being hired to reorganize the division’s information technology infrastructure.
Of note: the Lobos, who play defense like the 1985 Chicago Bears, contained the N.B.A.-caliber guard Casper Ware, who took only five shotsand scored 7 points in the half.
Choose the Express setup, and in the TV area, click on the option for the live TV setup.
Sept. 6 at 7:30 p.m. Free.
“He didn’t not block any shots left-handed, so I am extremely concerned about that part of it because you guys that have seen us play, that’s his dominant hand in a big, big way.
The moment was captured by a photographer they had hired, and the men liked the photo so much they used it to announce their engagement.
Now the Chows are suing to get their money back, claiming that Mr. Zimny lied to them and committed fraud and breach of contract.
Because quite honestly — and it won’t be in my generation — but someday there aren’t going to be any decorators, because everybody is going to be one.
And, almost an afterthought, it will be a tragedy for global conservation as hot spots of biodiversity are destroyed.
It was powerfully intense yet graceful, tasting like olives, brine and smoke.
Indeed, one could revisit this performance countless times and continue to sit in awe of the skill with which this veteran of the Chicago and New York stage shifts moods, demanding in turn that we alter our perspective on a mother (and addict) who is at once predator and prey, envenomed and victimized.
The move did not last long — Rogers was with the club one year and did not make a first-team appearance.
Simon Cho, the reigning national short-track champion, faces a hearing after confessing that he tampered with a Canadian rival’s skate at the 2011 World Team Championship.
Joe Girardi wants players to have a date in mind for their return because it provides a goal to work toward.
Crossing the street, I saw a bird flying overhead.
— BEN ROTHENBERG Mustafina was nearly perfect, and she stuck her landing.
¶ An anonymous donor paid F.C.
The United States is like “a gigantic boiler,” Sir Edward Grey, a British foreign secretary during World War I, said, according to Winston Churchill.
But the SNAP participation rate was twice as great among the unmarried.
Israel’s role is even more delicate, largely because of Prime Minister Benjamin Netanyahu’s threat of military action against Iran, which would have a drastic effect on the oil market and could potentially upend the election.
In other words, make the best of that stroll into the garden and get right into it.
Izzo’s teams so often find themselves among the final 16, he should have his own region: East, South, West and Izzo.
An interview Mr. Hasan gave to Fox News soon after the shooting in which he said his cousin “was a good American” created an impression to some that he was condoning what his cousin was accused of doing.
A new study, “ Sustainable Preeminence: Reforming the U.S. Military at a Time of Strategic Change ,”released Wednesday by the Center for a New American Security , a policy research center in Washington, offers some provocative ideas for how the Pentagon could reshape itself for this new era.
On the other hand, many of Wall Street’s toughest economist critics do not condemn the bailouts and generous policies of the Fed and Treasury Department.
Does chasing another title provide a psychological advantage for drivers or is it more of a psychological obstacle?
Snobs from Harvard will serve as sneering, bad guys.
I wanted to demystify that.” He approached the project slowly, since he knew he would be returning.
Having written his last opera in 1829, the 64-year-old composer was sufficiently rejuvenated to compose again — not opera, but the pieces he dubbed “Sins of Old Age” (“Péchés de Vieillesse”).
Mr. Lieberman said that it was his understanding that the Iranian flights to Syria were occurring “almost on a daily basis.” Mr. Graham added that if the Maliki government was seen as being “complicit with Iran , it will be difficult to get Congressional support” for American technical assistance and aid programs in Iraq.
The company has mounted a vigorous auditing campaign, and when abuses are discovered, Apple says, corrections are demanded.
Inner joy, subtly restrained, emanates from the young mother’s face.
The only good thing about the whole entire country, according to Henderson, was the circus.
1962 10 Bombs Explode in Paris Ten plastic bombs exploded in the heart of Paris this afternoon at the homes of journalists, teachers, union leaders and former Resistance heroes, causing heavy damage but no serious injuries.
The billionaire industrialist and philanthropist David H. Koch has donated a whopping $35 million to the Smithsonian’s National Museum of Natural History in Washington for a complete overhaul of the museum’s dinosaur hall.
I’m not trying to learn anything.
The long brake and clutch travel was reminiscent of past 911s, and cues to that heritage abounded, but this car brought along many modern refinements.
The scene here would make a fire marshal nervous, that’s for sure.
Arsenal needed the Russian to be a quick, motivated, inventive winger, and for a time he was that.
In Florida, Pennsylvania and Ohio, the partisan breakdown is almost the same as it was four years ago.
Jeff Reinke, a minister ordained by North Coast Calvary Chapel, a nondenominational church in Carlsbad, Calif., officiated at the Old Field Club, a catering and event site in East Setauket, N.Y. Mrs. Sterk, 26, is a media supervisor in New York for L’Oréal.
The mayor’s statement , issued just after 4 p.m., was blunt.
During a few crucial years in the 1970s and ’80s, nouvelle cuisine, with its strident emphasis on the lightening of sauces, converged with the health-food boom, with its demonization of animal fats.
Romney advisers attribute at least some of Mr. Grenell’s frustration to the inevitable complications of starting a new job within a large, competitive and rigid organization filled with big egos.
Shares in sectors more sensitive to risks in Europe and slowness in the economy, such as materials and financials, looked set to lead the market.
I’m like, ‘Are you kidding me?’ Frequently, Frank’s is the one thing I’ll have in my bag.”
“But I could also tell they thought it was cool.” Ms. Pearce, who favors an all-black work uniform composed largely of Belgian designers she buys at the central Parisian boutique L’Éclaireur, has no use for the sea of boring beige many female lawyers swim to work in.
Jeanmar Gomez pitched three-hit ball into the seventh inning on Saturday, and Asdrubal Cabrera homered to lead the Indians past the Miami Marlins , 2-0, at Cleveland.
You made up this game.” And she said, “I didn’t think I’d lose!” I thought it was charming … and after that we saw each other every day.
Drew Westen is a professor of psychology at Emory University and the author of “The Political Brain: The Role of Emotion in Deciding the Fate of the Nation.”
(Smith) ★ ‘Echoes of the Past: The Buddhist Cave Temples of Xiangtangshan’ (through Jan. 6) In the Buddhist way of thinking, all things must pass, though that seems a shame if they’re as out-of-this-world beautiful as Chinese Buddhist art is.
The forehand is bigger, more of a weapon, but it has been blended into Murray’s game.
Who are the best therapists for what kinds of patients?
to build a “stronger global firewall” to contain further crises.
He learned that the Americans could not simply take a good punch.
Can it really be that we are losing ground, sisters?
He said, ‘I can make this beautiful, but I have to take out the bed.’ She said, ‘No, no, no.’” And the television commercials?
If one spends one’s time repairing cars, one may think that one does not have the appropriate capacities to evaluate the arguments of economic “experts” on television.
He intends to eliminate guessing and, perhaps, minimize anxiety by communicating to Sanchez and Tebow their roles leading to every game, starting with next Sunday’s opener against Buffalo.
This is, of course, a longstanding position.
NEW YORK TIMES Expanded Stress Tests for Banks | Under new rules, banks will have to do two internal “stress tests” a year and publish some of the results, The Wall Street Journal reports.
You want it thick.” The second is bright, acidic, summery: a mixture of lime juice, lime zest and oil to help cut the deep richness of the fats.
He birdied all three Sunday.
“There are some things we couldn’t do last year because of the political crisis,” Mr. Feierstein said.
“We will not continue to enter into South Sudan.” As for recent remarks by President Omar al-Hassan Bashir of Sudan that he would drive the South’s leaders from power , Mr. Khalid said, “Our army has not taken any orders to go to South Sudan.” The violence, arguably the worst since a 2005 peace agreement ended decades of civil war and paved the way for South Sudan to become independent, came as Mr. Kiir conducted a state visit to China, a critical trade partner for the two nations.
The interview session closed with a question about Cruz’s dancing when he scores touchdowns and whether she was impressed.
In the field of environmental health, we refer to these efforts as “cigarette science.” Throughout several decades of the 20th century, for example, the lead paint industry funded researchers to investigate the effect of their product on the brain development of children.
Bozzi’s family laid claims to Jean Jé’s legacy early on, but competition soon proved fierce.
The usual answer is that in return they get to live a life that is free of doctrinal strife.
In Westchester, that figure is 35 percent.
Corso Umberto I, 159, Modica; 011-39-0932-941225.
He also made one of the greatest military blunders of the war.
Not with a loaded field.
Whatever brings you together when you’re 15 or 16 is not the same thing that holds you together when you’re 20 or 25.
July and August are peak months for rates.
“He just turned around and walked away.
“I wanted to see if this could resolve itself without the odd-even system,” he said.
Oct. 18 at 8:30 p.m. $7 and $10.
There is nothing worse than making a deal before knowing what you are getting in return.
Longacre Theater, 220 West 48th Street, (212) 239-6200, telecharge.com .
It’s a bunch of steps, but it works.
The local news media have reported on details of the spending with increasing fervor.
Today's Economist Perspectives from expert contributors.
Portugal was effective at breaking up the Spanish rhythm but couldn’t conjure up anything of their own.
The collision that grafted this terrane onto North America occurred roughly 450 million years ago, he said.
“There may be some sentiment of ‘Let’s have this go on a little longer,’ ” said Jim Talent, a former Missouri senator and a senior adviser to the Romney campaign, who traveled here to help.
You Bet We’ll Complain ,” Fair Game, March 4).
Page 3 AUTOMOBILES A LUXURY VEHICLE WITH A LOT OF OPTIONS Mercedes provides space for the family to relax in peace, along with comfort and safety with its third-generation M-Class sport utility vehicle.
The proposal, however, indicates that Mr. Ricketts was more than a passing participant.
Cyrus R. Vance Jr., the Manhattan district attorney, said a meeting with community members was scheduled for Monday, to present ways to prevent a recurrence of the scourge.
He was more evasive on that topic, saying, “It’s a question that’s going to be asked more frequently if this progresses.
Chambers delivered the texts with flair, though it might have been more effective to have a male actor speak the verses written from a male perspective.
Bowed and gasping after each game, I feel the mysterious tug on my basketball jersey that tells me I belong in one of the hardwood pews a few dozen yards away, squirming once again inside the Catholic Church of today.
The Texans and the Falcons are tied for the best record in the N.F.L.
What we’d like to see in 2013: García winning his first major; Woods embracing the news media the way he has McIlroy; and the U.S.G.A.
So, some odds and ends relating to previous posts.
And Mitt Romney said “we must never rest” until Americans are judged for their merits, not their race.
“The jury is still out,” he said.
Soldiers often complained that the treatment surgeons prescribed for diseases was worse than the disease itself.
“He never said stop.” Another, with a train near silos on a Minnesota farm, says, “Connecting shining sea to fruited plain.” And another, as a train traces the California coast at sunset, says, “Today we celebrate the most important day in the history of our company.
A 30-year-old protester in Qadam, who gave only his first name, Ibrahim, took a dim view of Mr. Brahimi’s mission.
When I spoke to him, he was very intelligent and very informed, but I began to realize that there is a distinction between very highly informed and being well informed.
(Smith) ★ JACK Quartet (Sunday) As part of its invaluable Neighborhood Concert series, Carnegie Hall presents the dynamic and excellent JACK Quartet in a free program at Henry Street Settlement in the Lower East Side.
But Melvin’s team won a division title, upending the Texas Rangers for the A.L.
The visit by China’s vice president, Xi Jinping, to Washington this coming week offers a unique opportunity to take the measure of the man who will lead China for the next decade.
There are disparities in education, housing, health care and future opportunities that depend on the answer.
The book, music and lyrics are by Rupert Holmes, Scott Ellis (“Harvey”) will direct, and Warren Carlyle (“Chaplin”) is the choreographer.
To me it was extremely important to get this right.
At night, when Clara woke to nurse in her bassinet beside me, we’d both always fallen easily back to sleep, but now I lay awake, heart thumping, fearful heat rippling my skin.
So in the end, it’s really all gravy.
William Neal’s sound design makes simultaneously amusing and impressive use of big movie-opening music.
I think my wallet, sitting on the passenger seat, tried to go spelunking in the ventilation system during one particularly aggressive test of deceleration.
Next, he must be able to create a respectable sauce.
A two-story paraboloid — a shape created by a cuplike parabola rotating in space — is used as a calculator to multiply numbers from 1 to 10 by having illuminated strings crisscross its central axis.
When the Yankees face the Baltimore Orioles on Sunday, inevitably the conversation in living rooms across the country will turn to the last time these teams met in the playoffs, in 1996, when 12-year-old Jeffrey Maier’s reach over the right-field wall in Yankee Stadium helped turn the American League Championship Series.
The difference is that I am convinced that I love her better: more tenderly and less selfishly.
Mostly the accidents are of smaller scale than the recent tragedy — one or two people at a time, falling to their deaths from dizzying cliffs, swallowed up in glacial crevasses or buried in avalanches.
“It’s better than saying that I was abducted by aliens.” When a friend relapses, they learn what it’s like to care for someone who loses their battle.
“They’ve always had an attacking style,” Byrne said, admiringly.
Google employs several hundred workers at a regional office in Zurich, one of the largest it has outside the United States.
At the opposite end of the room, a crown and hammer are depicted in stained glass, images drawn from the adjacent factory’s old logo.
Dressed in jeans, running shoes, a green top and blue scarf, she received a round of applause by the 100 or so workers who assembled to greet her.
But he said his wrist didn’t heal properly until the British Open.
First, we see the ball swoop down to the cracked, garbage-strewn pavement — in 1976, much of Lower Manhattan was quite desolate — and soar toward the sky.
It’s time for a new path.
Mr. Paul demurs when pressed on whether he would help Mr. Romney, a former Massachusetts governor, should he fail to clinch the nomination on the first try, saying, “I haven’t thought much about that.” While he has a personal affinity for Mr. Romney (though he can be scathing about his friend’s politics), Mr. Paul has tart words for Mr. Santorum and Mr. Gingrich, even scoffing at the idea the two men could ever agree to cooperate to try to defeat Mr. Romney.
On average between the four polls, it appears that Mr. Obama must have held about an eight-point lead since Mr. Clinton’s speech in order to have gained so much ground so quickly.
THE BAR A long, active bar with 22 stools.
“The Burma that the president will see will look amazingly similar to the Burma his grandfather saw in the 1940s,” he said.
Barrow Street Theater, 27 Barrow Street, at Seventh Avenue South, West Village, (212) 868-4444, smarttix.com .
“We all prefer a diplomatic resolution, and Iran’s leaders still have the opportunity to make the right decision,” Mrs. Clinton said.
In October, prosecutors charged him with leaking Goldman and P.& G.’s corporate secrets to Raj Rajaratnam , the former hedge fund manager convicted of insider trading.
Ranieri said things like maybe he was lucky, maybe the timing of his arrival had coincided nicely with the return of so many key players who had been unavailable to Gasperini through ailments that, frankly, come with an aging squad.
Above all, he must find out what support he can expect for his special ed students under the Americans With Disabilities Act.
“There’s nothing that the anti-gun groups wouldn’t do,” he said.
To the dismay of friends and relatives, who feared that in these sadly waning years, Groucho, with formidable powers decreasing noticeably, lacked the stamina, let alone the desire to perform again, Erin had lined up a series of “concerts,” the true purpose of which many felt was less to get Groucho back in the limelight than to get Fleming into it with him.
“So even with the first generation of leaders largely gone, it’s very difficult to declare the movement dead.”
Bob Fu, president of ChinaAid, a Christian advocacy group in Texas that championed Mr. Chen’s case, said, “He’s happy to finally have a rest after seven years of suffering, but he’s also worried they will suffer some retribution.” Mr. Chen and his family were driven directly to Beijing International Airport by employees of Chaoyang Hospital, where Mr. Chen had been treated for intestinal problems and for the foot he broke during his escape.
“I would not describe it as the difference between night and day, but there has been a notable tightening of criteria,” Mr. Altman said.
With the Vikings off to their best start since 2009, guided largely by Ponder and the re-emergence of Adrian Peterson as a top-flight running back, the team’s fans should be proud that Ponder is not looking to celebrate.
ROXBURY Minor Memorial Library “Wild,” photographs by Jacquie Gaess.
Miller, who had already announced, “I want Granddad to sing ‘Back in the U.S.S.R.’!” then got on the phone, his freckled face beaming as he made his request.
We sat in my office for an interview, and afterward went out with our spouses — for steak.
But finding protection is proving elusive.
A CD and DVD version of the performance follow on Tuesday, but in an indication of Juanes’s popularity, the first single from the recording, a new country-tinged song called “La Señal,” or “The Signal,” has already been released and moved quickly to the top of the Latin pop charts in the United States and throughout Latin America.
Whether Ms. Hunter will testify for the defense, which is expected to begin its case on Friday, is unclear.
“We come to the floor today, colleagues of Congresswoman Gabby Giffords, to salute her as the brightest star among us, the brightest star Congress has ever seen,” said the House Democratic leader, Representative Nancy Pelosi of California .
are a case in point.
Car and Driver, however, clocked a 2011 model at 3.5 seconds.
A STOLEN LIFE, by Jaycee Dugard.
JACK KENNEDY: Elusive Hero , by Chris Matthews.
The Murdoch bid for British Sky Broadcasting, or BSkyB, one of the most ambitious in his 60-year career, was ultimately abandoned as public and political outrage mounted over the pattern of phone hacking and other wrongdoing at the two tabloids that anchored the Murdoch media empire in Britain.
They are opposed to new casinos that would violate the geographic exclusivity zones granted under their compacts with the state.
Edsall concentrates most of his attention on elective austerity, like cuts in programs for people with disabilities.
Its owners cited the twin blows of Tropical Storm Irene , which badly flooded parts of the state last summer, and a nearly snowless winter that kept skiers away.
Mitt Romney ’s campaign thinks it has found a way to get its ads in front of the increasing number of voters who are not watching traditional television: Find these people online, and show them the ads there.
Romney aides vigorously dispute many of the assertions published in The Washington Post, which called Bain Capital “pioneers” of outsourcing, and are meeting with the newspaper on Wednesday to ask for a retraction.
It also stated that Congress renewed Section 5 unanimously.
Too much of the deficit reduction comes from tax increases — particularly on middle-class families whose incomes have stagnated for the past decade.
“You should have seen me then,” I joked, feeling old and wistful.
Morningstar, in a report issued last Friday after the company reported its second-quarter results, commended Facebook for its potential to refine its ad targeting but flagged several risks, including stepped-up regulation on whether the company would be allowed to track its users across the Web in a bid to serve up relevant advertising.
One found his résumé on the local employment center’s Web site.
On average, the disease increases heart disease risk by 2 to 2 ½ times, said Dr. Ronald Kahn, chief academic officer at the Joslin Diabetes Center in Boston.
“There’s not one song they don’t know.
On Friday, if you spend $250 or more, you will receive a free tie.
Females dig an average of 6 nests 10 days apart during a nesting season (they come ashore for nesting every other year).
GREENWICH Bruce Museum “Greenwich Lost and Preserved.” Through May 27.
Spoon the oil, onions and chili over the sweet potatoes.
“He’s been playing phenomenal, he really has,” Amar’e Stoudemire said.
SIGNS OF TROUBLE Are you waving to someone on shore, or are you waving because you’re in need?
“In fact, the ability of the government to massage and orchestrate economic momentum is less than it was two years ago because it is now more reliant on the corporate sector, and that is struggling,” Mr. Stevens added.
But given his Stanford pedigree and more classic style, he would seem to have a far better chance of survival in Washington.
According to data that Nielsen will release on Thursday, television viewing as a whole is steady, in part because older Americans -- particularly those over the age of 65 -- are watching more than ever before.
Perhaps continuing the search for those who are missing, and trying to recover the bodies of those who died is a more significant task for the city and its well-being than runners running.
Now, Mr. Mayor, fellow Democrats, we are here to nominate a president.
PRESIDENT OBAMA: No, it’s not settled.
Nobody was stumping for Gibbons, though he held his own in the American League East near the height of the Yankees/Red Sox arms race in the mid-2000s.
A second heart-surgery patient who had an Aspergillus infection and was initially reported to have received a solution made by the New England Compounding Center had been treated with solution made by another company.
Results are based on 1,241 likely voters in Florida, 1,253 likely voters in Ohio and 1,190 likely voters in Wisconsin.
The sovereign wealth fund Qatar Holding said on Thursday that it would support Glencore International’s proposed $32 billion takeover of the mining company Xstrata.
Notably present — given the Wall Street defections from Mr. Obama’s cause — was Hamilton E. James, president of the private equity firm Blackstone, who was attending a convention for the first time.
He requested day tours on the force so he could work nights at Chippendales, which was on East 61st Street in Manhattan before it closed.
“Dirty Jobs,” on the Discovery Channel cable network, is the inspiration for a line of cleaning products, also named Dirty Jobs, that includes a stain remover, carpet cleaners and hand sanitizers.
The Wizards, who have already had a players-only meeting and battled internal controversy, played with purpose and seemed to shock the Knicks with their energy.
Campaign representatives, usually the same people who give remarks pushing their candidate, can monitor the vote counting, and results are announced immediately to the caucus before being sent to the state party.
As in, “Ma mère est complètement weird.” But the men — Kevin is soon joined by his colleague Josh (Kevin Isola, very appealing in a role that could have been written for David Hyde Pierce) — miss this key point and conclude that Winnie cannot understand English.
No one tenant makes up more than 2.8 percent of our revenue stream.
“We don’t want a world climate where our adversaries are so tempted to test us.” “That is, unfortunately, the path we are on right now,” he added.
The Devils were not tired — they were coming off five days’ rest after beating Philadelphia in five games — but the Rangers were clearly the better team in the last 20 minutes.
But the warmup that people did not see at home included Jane Krakowski singing “Proud Mary” and Cheyenne Jackson tearing up the place.
But the case for a less excruciating death can stand on a more neutral, less disturbing foundation, namely that it is simply a kinder way of death.
Pulling into the tollbooth at the Henry Hudson, I paused for a second and then burst into tears.
1 — Lee Westwood, Rory McIlroy, Donald and Woods — paraded into the news conference room in rapid succession like actors auditioning for a bit part in a television sitcom.
I am often consulted about newborn babies who are critically ill from bacterial or viral infections that were inadvertently transmitted from their mothers.
Now I may get this wrong.
But Israel’s top leaders also worry that the sanctions are too late and that, in the end, a military assault is the only way to accomplish their goal — stopping Iran from obtaining nuclear weapons .
There was more Schumann after intermission, with four songs from “Wilhelm Meister,” seldom performed.
Use our questions for test prep or just for fun.
These projects are difficult and ambitious, not just for Monticello but also for the African-American museum, which is scheduled to open in 2015.
He is lost in an imaginary garden with only a nurse who urges him again and again to write in his notebook even though he doesn’t have a pencil because “Lencho love is real Lencho love is real Lencho love is real write it in your blue notebook with your finger remember everything you think and dream because you won’t see them again ... ” When you’re reading Fuentes you often simply have to stop and steady yourself on the uneven ground, just like you do when you’re writing fiction that surpasses life itself.
At the restaurant, Arum considered the turn this narrative had taken.
In all my enduring years as a sportswriter and presently a full-time author, I’ve never come across a more compelling subject than the book I wrote about Affirmed, the last Triple Crown winner.
They must pass an oral interview, a physical agility test and a swim test.
Marsanne, the backbone of most of the best whites from these areas, is surely one of the greatest white varieties: intense yet elegant, powerful but balanced.
A group of brands including Doritos, Levi’s, Monster, Showtime and Mountain Dew were invited to use the new service, said Alan Cohen, the chief of OMD.
The trio opened the concert with a virtual — and reportedly improvised — executive summary of possibilities to come: tinkling and galloping percussion outbursts amid a string of funk vamps at various speeds, set up and toyed with and set aside on the way to the next one.
It seems I am reviewing every batch of French fries in Brooklyn and five towns.
“I don’t think any admissions officer is going to look at an application and say, ‘This person has a 223 AI and we need more people in that category.’ ” That said, he added: “I do think that high school counselors are now going to call up admissions officers and say, ‘This person had a 235 AI, how could you possibly turn him down?’ Having the formula widely known is going to make life a little harder in some places.” Which leads to another caution: Mr. Goldberger said the Academic Index is not accurate enough to be a reliable forecast of admissibility.
On Thursday morning, he was charged with the misdemeanor campaign finance violation.
Fans of BBC Entertainment and CBeebies are mourning the pending departure of these two BBC channels in India, and parents are among those viewers who will feel the loss most keenly.
The good thing is he’s on the floor running, but he’s not ready yet.”
Even today, Canadians of a certain age can remember exactly where they were when they heard Foster Hewitt’s call from Moscow: “ Henderson has scored for Canada .” Dryden, Canada’s goalie and later an author and member of Parliament, wrote that it was “the one wholly Canadian event that has left a similar trail of memory” as the assassination of John F. Kennedy to Americans.
The lawyer spoke to my father — and the prosecutor and the judge — and helped draft the following agreement: My father would have to see a probation officer every week for a year and complete six months of therapy at the community mental health center.
The all-in-one economy, radiant colors, vivacious brushwork and assured self-consciousness result in works that insouciantly run the gamut from ersatz thrift-store art to painters’ painting to postmodern facsimile, and back.
Costco’s shares closed up $1.92, or 1.9 percent, at $101.56, after trading as high as $104.43 earlier in the session.
— the shore has become enchanting.
We are also helping military veterans establish store franchises.
Another source that might be particularly helpful for students, especially those without a great deal of background knowledge, is The New York Times Upfront Magazine’s article “What’s at Stake.” For more advanced research, students could explore the entire Times for both current and past content by using the advanced search option .
Mr. Falcone could also try to sell his spectrum, but that may prove difficult.
“See that one?” our guide, Marlene Fenstermann, called out, pointing to a towering roof barely visible over a windbreak of pines.
in the first round of the tournament.
THE CROWD Like the décor, eclectic and buzzing.
When he came back, his family says, they could tell something had changed.
Both brochures contained a sort of prose poem in which the Soulmates described a perfect day in Stockholm.
This issue almost sunk my vending business.
I thought it summed up the context of “the digital stone age” quite well.
In essentially a one-week span, he helped demonstrate the alluring emotional pendulum of college basketball in March.
Gurley’s rushing yards rank him second in the SEC behind only Texas A&M quarterback Johnny Manziel.
But if I were to go a small-plates restaurant as a civilian, I’d come up with strategies to make sure I could taste as much of everything as I wanted.
But with his Swiss teammate Stanislas Wawrinka slipping but still in the top 30, Federer surely figures that it is best not to wait another year to make a serious run in Davis Cup.
In the official version, though, Alex is afforded full redemption.
For example, Gmail or Calendar can help people quantify the activity on these services and then deliver insights about how productive they are being,” said Mr. Ma.
“I just went out of the gate and just lost the control,” said Hindes, who holds dual British and German nationality and began representing Britain in 2010.
In a world where women hold less than 20 percent of all legislative seats, 70 percent of the poorest people — those who live on less than $1.25 a day — are women, and 4 million more women die each year than men, a result of poor families’ preferences for male infants and underinvestment in women’s and girls’ health.
Those creditors have appointed a liquidation firm, Borrelli Walsh, based in Hong Kong and Singapore, to try to recover their money.
What makes Egypt’s uncertain course so vexing for the White House is that Mr. Obama, more than any other foreign leader, has sided again and again with the Arab street in Cairo, even when it meant going expressly against the wishes of traditional allies, including the Egyptian military, the Persian Gulf states and Israel.
A wing of the library is named for Paterno and his wife, Sue, and he helped Penn State transition from a being a state-centered university with 9,500 students to a booming, internationally renowned institution with nearly 45,000 students.
As chief of police, he led a fight against the mafia that ruled it for years, becoming China’s most famous cop.
Marlen Esparza has a bronze in the flyweight competition after losing her semifinal bout.
So much water was bound up in ice that sea levels were about 400 feet lower than they are today.
— Patrick Farrell The Guardian : Now here’s a new celebrity chef whose show (in our opinion) ought to be imported to the United States: Ghalia Mahmoud, who specializes in traditional Egyptian dishes, and whose star has risen in her native country in the heady months following the Arab Spring.
Elvis Duran gloated to prime the audience for the Wanted; no priming was needed.
The decline defied expectations for an increase.
Grace Meng’s party is being held at Plum Restaurant in Bayside, Queens, described as “cozy American with a Mediterranean twist,” and the hors d’oeuvres include vegetable spring rolls, chicken satay, and hummus on cucumber chips.
She is trying to raise $25,000 to create and distribute “American Ecstasy,” a memoir of what she calls “the golden age of porn.” “ Heavenly Sight ,” an audio history project by Artemis Media and Murray Street Productions; the latter is in Manhattan The groups are seeking $18,000 to develop a living-history Web site on blind musicians to complement a Black History Month radio special.
But his sisters, he later said, wanted roles for their own branches of the family.
But even by that standard, a Twitter post is a more off-the-cuff, spontaneous medium.
Eli Manning’s three touchdown passes, which made him the Giants’ career leader in that category, and a dominant first half helped the Giants to a 38-10 victory over the Packers on Sunday night.
lawyer had told Mr. Lipman, as the lawyer later told the judge in the case.
Led by the Historic Third Ward Association, revitalization efforts over the past few years have transformed the district into a cultural magnet.
After a chaotic gun battle between German forces and the terrorists, all the hostages were widely reported to be safe.
The Airstash A02 allows you to stream large movie files and documents directly from the device, freeing up space on your iPhone or iPad — a boon for those who may want to watch movies or store PDFs or documents for viewing on the go.
They scored against the mighty United.
“Mark Twain’s famous witticism, ‘Get your facts first, and then you can distort them as much as you please,’ has unfortunately become a hallmark of today’s political process,” the firm said.
That’s a dangerous area to be throwing.” Sabathia sent a retaliatory message in the fourth when he threw behind shortstop Asdrubal Cabrera.
He walked over to a microphone and addressed the 100 buyers assembled in the gravel parking lot of City Hall.
He leaned over the typewriter, carefully pecking away.
“Prior to 2008,” Ms. Baldwin said, “people felt they had to grab a place because the competition was so great.
In this week’s section: Changes are under way in the Brooklyn Heights’s north Heights, where half a dozen luxury housing projects are moving through the pipeline.
Most people don’t know that it’s legal to take a photo on the street without asking people.
A lot of people run with a stubbed toe, even a broken toe.
Loving grandmother of Stephen M. Tomecek Jr. and Christy Lynn Tomecek.
He gave the contractor precise instructions on the size of the doors and windows.
People responded by choosing the vivid colors that had until then been denied them when clothing themselves and furnishing their homes, prompting the upper classes to choose subtler shades as a form of snobbish protest.
Because of the Bobcats’ dismal record this season, there is a long line of doubters for Jordan to prove wrong.
These days, the younger Mr. Miranda is juggling several projects: writing songs for “Sesame Street”; working on a television pilot with his hip-hop group, Freestyle Love Supreme ; and revising a hip-hop song cycle about Alexander Hamilton .
During one presentation, he stood with one hand in his pocket, a laser pointer in his other hand.
Maggio earns a free kick, and then Italy takes a weak corner, but neither side has scared the goal mouth yet.
The selection of pre- and early-20th-century books is logical and generally predictable, but the choice of the “postmodern” books is more unexpected.
He added: “Nevada is probably a little more pessimistic than the rest of the country.
“Artists will be coming every week, July through August, to teach different art projects,” Ms. Anaya-Cerda said.
He heralds “a new era of Windows and Windows-powered PCs.” Three years ago this week, Windows 7 was released.
METS vs. 1979 METS Somehow, the Mets are just 4-24 at Citi Field since the All-Star Game break and are on a pace to set a major league record for the worst home winning percentage in the second half of a season.
“It just hasn’t really sunk in yet, to be honest,” he said.
But just because technology gives you the ability to do something, does that mean you should?
Spanish stocks fell 1.67 percent in early morning trading, and shares in both Banco Santander and BBVA, the country’s largest banks, were trading in negative territory.
In “Saraband,” Mr. Josephson and Ms. Ullmann reprised their roles from “Scenes From a Marriage.” And in “Faithless” (2000), directed by Ms. Ullmann from a Bergman script, Mr. Josephson played a writer named Bergman.
“These are words to calm down the extremists and radicals in Israel,” said Hamid Reza Taraghi, a political analyst who is close to Iran’s supreme leader, Ayatollah Ali Khamenei.
Before leaving his house for his first game, Halpert, then 27, told his wife that the Maccabees were going to win and he was going to be the reason.
It is the production’s most striking moment, but the extras are back at the end, now bearing sheets of gold in an apparent attempt to represent Valhalla.
She uses brown corduroy to make fields, wire and beads for the sun, a mirror for the sea, tinfoil for rivers and cookie boxes for houses.
At the end of the N.F.L.
Her vocal track that you recorded that day for a demo ended up on the album.
India and Bangladesh are set to finalize an agreement on smooth movement of traffic and cargo across the border between the two countries, The Times of India reported .
She said she had heard another tenant talk about how Mr. Monsegur helped him upgrade his credit.
The FX broadcasts of “Live at the Beacon Theater” and the coming third season of “Louie,” which begins June 28, are technically free, provided you pay your subscription fee to a cable or satellite service that offers FX.
Surveys make clear that younger Americans are much more supportive of gay rights than older ones.
The music unfolded with naturalness and grace.
“Old trees have idiosyncratic features – a different canopy, different branch systems, a lot of cavities, thicker bark and more heartwood.
“It is a matter of great pride to beat Australia,” said Pascal Papé, the French caption, who said the whole team was well aware of a 59-16 beating inflicted by the Australians in Paris two years ago.
America was flexing its muscles, shaking off its ’50s flab as surely as winter-sodden ballplayers were groaning their way into shape for a fresh season.
A sustained roar followed as the models, still in their new ruffles and tweeds, cheered.
“While President Obama has been focused on getting the facts, finding the terrorists responsible, and bringing them to justice, Mitt Romney has attempted to use the tragedy to his political advantage,” Lis Smith, a spokeswoman for the Obama campaign, said in a statement.
“I use this room for the guests in the morning.
PEYTON MANNING AND COLTS PART WAYS The iconic quarterback, who turned the franchise into a constant contender and a Super Bowl champion, will perhaps become the most prized free agent in N.F.L.
His joyously frantic comic version, in which four actors play more than 100 characters, opened in London in 2006 and came to Broadway two years later, to considerable acclaim and box-office success.
Nonetheless, she said, “I think that public media has to be established in all sectors of media, not just broadcast.” The endowment’s goal, she said, “is that the American public can experience art any time, anywhere.” Ms. Myatt acknowledged that some of the projects might not succeed.
“I’m going hard for Brooklyn, that’s where I’m from.” To get a sense of the center’s impact, Stephen Levin, a city councilman, patrolled the blocks around the arena with constituents as concertgoers arrived.
I also carry a seashell to remind me of my favorite times with my girls.
It was the players that Spurs kept last summer, however, who have really propelled the team to the surprising position it now finds itself in.
A potential stumbling block is price: each tour costs $12 a person.
It was just, like, wow.
Who paid for the premium in the first place?” Employees are understandably confused, he added.
The bank’s powerful group executive board in Zurich recently presented Mr. Wolf with an edict directing him to report all his media inquiries to the firm’s press office.
$10 and $15; under 1, free.
Meanwhile, Collins said David Wright, who has an oblique injury, would travel to New York on Sunday to be examined by doctors at the Hospital for Special Surgery.
He is on such a high that he declares he’s going to wear his special pajamas to bed, and a moment later Mr. Underwood appears in sharply tailored silk.
Winning the election becomes much more difficult for Republicans without Florida.
“I want to be that person,” he said.
Is Europe a fair comparison?
By continuing to swim, Cain was able to develop her endurance while avoiding the relentless pounding she might have absorbed if she had run full time, said Stickles, who limits her to 38 miles a week.
Just like vineyards, the best growers go for biodynamic organic soil.
The Tim Tebow package or however they incorporate him in, I like it because it causes defensive coordinators angst.
A lower court, acting at the request of the State Department, previously blocked the hostages’ effort to win compensation from Iran, holding that the agreement under which they were released barred such claims.
(Smith) ‘Storied Past: Four Centuries of French Drawings From the Blanton Museum of Art’ / ‘French Art From N.Y.U.’s Collection’ (through July 14) At first glance this show looks like a dreary affair: a gathering of little-known draftsmen, almost all of them beholden to the Academy.
“Each ordinary man has a responsibility for democracy, for the well-being of the nation,” he said, nearly spitting with indignation.
Now, when you say, what are you going to do about this $5 trillion you just added on?
But this doesn’t seem like the kind of case that we had last week in Ohio, when there was a fairly crisp urban-rural split that was apparent early on.
Now, his wife makes him carry an electronic tracking device.
One of the suburbs whose property market benefits from the school location is Epsom, a stately, upmarket area with many old-character homes, often hidden behind stone walls or lush hedges or on streets lined with large, leafy trees.
Please ignore these last-minute acts of desperation that give South Carolina a bad name.”
Unless her mother secures full custody, Mexican law requires that Yaida also receive her father’s authorization to obtain the passport.
Part A (hospitalization) is free after a lifetime of Medicare taxes.
On the heels of a giant pro-independence rally in Barcelona on Sept. 11, the vote could turn into an unofficial referendum on whether Catalans want to split from the rest of the country.
It was the second arrest of a political figure from a British overseas territory in recent days.
Previous campaigns described Ritz Crackerfuls as a snack “that’s perfect in between meals” and “the great pick-me-up.” But the new campaign amps up the energy with an assertive theme, “Get hunger before it gets you.” All the campaigns for Ritz Crackerfuls since its arrival in 2009 have been created by Euro RSCG Worldwide in New York, part of the Havas Worldwide unit of Havas.
You’re killing us as well.
If the college costs increase or the E.F.C.
“We built it for ourselves,” Mr. Conn said.
(Smith) Bob Dylan: ‘Revisionist Art’ (through Jan. 12) Bob Dylan may be a genius but he’s no polymath.
earlier in the day for striking Dallas’s O. J. Mayo in the groin area Monday night.
Then she called the team from the intensive care unit.
During this year’s auction season, a very different scene unfolded underneath the cavernous roof of the Bock Tobacco Auction Floors.
They wore “Brooklyn” across their jerseys, and then crossed the river to play in Manhattan.
They also sought answers to questions about the choice of a contractor, Cardno Entrix, used to prepare the environmental impact statement for the pipeline, which found there would be minimal adverse impacts if the company operated the pipeline properly.
( Motor Trend ) • Lewis Hamilton and Jenson Button were present Wednesday for the introduction of the McLaren-Mercedes Formula One team’s 2012 racecar at McLaren’s headquarters in Surrey, England.
Piracy is destroying publishing in Pakistan, I told him.
Dean Paleologos, a Greek Orthodox priest and a cousin of the bride, is to perform the ceremony.
There are 4,000 dams in need of repair, and the electrical grid in this supposedly advanced country ranks 32nd in the world in reliability, behind Slovenia ’s.
Afterward, Santana said that he felt “really good,” but he was a bit more circumspect than his manager about whether he would be ready by April 5.
Puzzled, I glanced at Lisa, who glanced at Richard, then back to me and said: “Look at him, you freaked him out!
Members of the Metaphysical and Paranormal Investigations of New York will be on hand on May 17 to offer a lecture on their research into area hauntings.
Ms. Streisand recorded his “Too Long at the Fair” in 1963 on “The Second Barbra Streisand Album” and continues to perform it in concert.
We have talented women training every day to compete for roster spots.
Iran has signaled it may be willing to stop enriching uranium to 20 percent purity, which is considered a technical step short of bomb-grade, but it seeks a weighty political message in return: an acknowledgment from the international community that it has the right to enrich uranium.
Naturally he struck out the only batter he faced on three pitches .
The routine ended with Lehmann thanking the crowd for helping him call out the lineup.
The cinema ad, by the Escape Pod of Chicago, began its run on July 27, and will be shown before six children’s movies, including “Diary of a Wimpy Kid: Dog Days” and “Hotel Transylvania.” “The essence of the product is fun, and this is the movie version of an idealized kids’ summer,” said Vinny Warren, the creative director of the Escape Pod.
Benghazi showed how vulnerable that makes us.
Its large Town Car sedan and hulking Navigator S.U.V.
1 draft pick by the Houston Texans, did not play in any of the Giants’ regular-season or playoff games last season, but teammates and coaches do not hesitate to praise his value.
“Quite a few of the fundamental issues have not been resolved.” President Obama on Monday echoed the sigh of temporary relief coming from global leaders over the outcome of Greece’s elections, and couched his words with what seemed a veiled appeal to Germany to ease up on its austerity-first demand for how Greece should handle its fiscal crisis.
Mr. Drury said the lockout was the first in recent memory, and certainly the first at Con Ed since the last strike, in the summer of 1983, when Local 1-2, which then had 16,500 members working at the utility, went on strike.
Sept. 8 at 6:30 p.m. $5 to $40.
“He wants to get better and continue to get better, and that’s going to be the key,” Cuban said.
Their collaboration is as fragmented, confused and chaotic as one would imagine the beginnings of humankind to be.
Sitting on a high promontory above the Paro valley, we surveyed the ancient pattern of rice paddies, Paro Dzong on a rock outcrop over the river, and the walled Royal Palace complex as the sun set.
He can’t turn himself into an extrovert overnight.
The rest are institutes of higher education.
Then people who actually know how to read budget numbers weighed in, revealing it as a piece of mean-spirited junk.
“People call us marginal,” she said.
About the Best Sellers: These lists are an expanded version of those appearing in the May 13, 2012 print edition of the Book Review, reflecting sales for the week ending April 28, 2012.
The S.E.C.’s new site , which features an understated blue and white motif, was designed “in house by talented staff in several offices,” according to an agency spokesman, John Nester.
Yet they have won only one World Series in that span.
How did that project come about?
“This throbbing home of joy never slows down,” he said of the First City.
On the inside, changes will include an end to jumping articles from the front to the back of each issue.
The teachers’ strike might now be more popular in Chicago than he is.
Sometimes, the book said, the advisers were upset.
If Mr. Obama were to win Virginia along with Wisconsin, Nevada and either Iowa or New Hampshire, he would have enough electoral votes even if he lost Ohio.
Mrs. Cazes, 28, teaches kindergarten-level special education at Public School 59 in Manhattan.
He reiterated that Sunday, saying: “I’m happy to have been part of it all.
The third challenge is the eruption of sectarian animosities long suppressed by the old autocrats.
Rather, it is the strength of the Premier League that a club so comparatively low on riches and global acclaim can go to places like Anfield and Old Trafford and emerge undefeated.
In a recent paper in Nature , Robert H. Lustig, Laura A. Schmidt and Claire D. Brindis remind us that for the first time, chronic diseases pose a greater health threat than infectious ones, and of the three main risk factors for chronic diseases — alcohol, tobacco and diet — two are regulated and one is not.
spokeswoman sent me a statement saying, “St.
Santorum looks at Clinton’s village and sees something like the evil mountain in “Lord of the Rings.” Everything the liberal elders do is for the worst possible motives.
TRASH AND TREASURES Oversize refuse welcomes you to the Musée d’Art Contemporain de Lyon (Cité Internationale; 81, quai Charles de Gaulle , 33-4-72-69-17-17; mac-lyon.com ), which abuts Parc de la Tête d’Or.
This is a more complete version of the story than the one that appeared in print.
Borderlines explores the global map, one line at a time.
“and ignored their own experts who said don’t use M.T.B.E.” Court officials in October sent a 22-page questionnaire to 500 potential jurors.
At New York Hospital, one detail seems to have disappeared: The four Greek crosses on the smokestack, if there at all, cannot be discerned from the street.
Learn about trout and many other native freshwater species on a tour of the hatchery’s aquarium and outdoor ponds; bring your own rod.
The breakout model Amira Ahmed is more than just a beautiful face framed by a short, edgy haircut.
“I am confident that Russia, which defeated fascism, will not allow today’s threats to continue,” he said in a speech at the ceremony.
“From the time that we won Colorado, Minnesota and Missouri,” he said, “from that point on, we won the vote” in Michigan.
He says the shooting was in self-defense.
Since baseball introduced drug testing a decade ago, first in the minor leagues and then in the majors, a large majority of those who have tested positive for performance-enhancers and been suspended have not been familiar names.
Minnesota is 0-of-6 on third downs.
Communicate that enthusiasm by taking on more responsibilities in the activities you love and by seeking to develop those interests to the fullest.
After graduating, she bounced around different creative-director and visual-marketing jobs on the West Coast, including rocky stints at the Gap and Old Navy.
The report, in the Archives of Internal Medicine, is the largest yet to tease out the impact of loneliness on people in their later years.
But beef-and-sausage dumplings were overwhelmed by a cloying chili-spiked sweet-sour sauce.
Both factors can adversely affect their ability to qualify for a refinancing.
Was this the first step toward incontinence, toward my own infantilization?
He used the national stage of his convention speech to turn the Romney-Ryan campaign into a referendum on his program to revamp Medicare.
This self-improvement project, along with the administration’s desire to upgrade T.S.U.’s reputation, is filtering down to the student body.
The best production Mustang in history -- sorry, boomers, but 1960s nostalgia goes only so far -- can match the lap times of a BMW M3.
This is a dangerous precedent.
Up to that point in the song there’s been a fair amount of caution and tepidity in the music — clichéd chord changes, percussion chimes and so on — but they cease to matter.
This would be a significant drain on a force already suffering from defections and now trying to suppress an escalating guerrilla conflict by conventional means.
But the president’s campaign did not disclose what it spent during the month.
The American Civil Liberties Union won a settlement last year relying on California’s stricter state privacy laws that prevented the schools from conducting random drug testing for students in nonathletic activities absent a reasonable ground for suspicion.
She told her family she had battled her attackers, her brother told India Today .
It was tough to convince her, but finally — we are here.
In the 1960s and ’70s she railed against the public’s taste for slashed and unpolished pots.
“This notion of freedom and being able to take risks is what I’ve always believed in,” the princess said, adding that in presenting challenging art to the public, she has also sought to keep ticket prices down.
But having both is not what this Congress is about.
And may I say: girl’s got back.
Those who remember the image of the queen apparently sky diving with James Bond from a helicopter during the Olympics’ opening ceremony are likely to concur that a spirit of eccentricity is not unknown on these isles.
PADRES 11, REDS 5 Host Cincinnati’s winning streak ended at 10 games as Will Venable drove in four runs.
“It’s a fascinating part of human nature.
Renée Michelle Robichaux, the daughter of Karen Kimbrell Robichaux and John V. Robichaux Jr. of New Orleans, was married there Saturday evening to Guy Endore-Kaiser, the son of Gita Endore and Michael N. Kaiser, both of Los Angeles.
Many players “thought they could just walk off the field and just become a natural,” said Troy Vincent, vice president of N.F.L.
“This most recent Internet disruption in Syria highlights the issue of Web hosting and how the regime is able to make use of servers outside Syria to promote its message while locally hosted sites are down,” Mr. Noman said.
But there’s also a hint of initial quickness to his game.
As McClean, Brad Makarowski is reasonably effective; his role is written more as a catalyst than as a character.
THOMAS, Matthew B., 30, Sgt.
For us that means photographing all the water wells and showing people online where their money went.
Taken together, their body of work forms a vivid portrait of 21st-century masculinity in all its stunted absurdity — not that the brothers think of it that way.
Tony Blair bowed out after a decade as Britain’s prime minister to assume the role of international envoy responsible for bringing peace to the Middle East — an ongoing enterprise.
OK, I don’t think anyone — even among those who would like much more aid to the working poor — would make this argument.
The views of primary voters with family incomes below $50,000 differed from those of more-affluent voters.
Thursday, the day the 24-hour strike was supposed to take place, is expected to be the busiest day yet for Heathrow Airport as thousands of spectators and visitors descend on Britain’s capital.
Arthur Pigou, a renowned professor of economics at Cambridge, scolded them for employing ‘‘the method of the duello’’ and clawing at each other ‘‘in the manner of Kilkenny cats.’’ After gallons of ink had been expended, Keynes grew bored and the dispute petered out without a clear conclusion.
Learn more about what happened in history on May 2» Learn more about Historic Headlines and our collaboration with findingDulcinea »
The earth that was excavated for the foundation of the house was used in the earthen plaster on the walls and in the floors, creating a visual unity with the landscape that made the house feel organic.
Durant had picked up five fouls in each of the previous two games, and James was a primary cause.
¶ Most Somms cherish the friendships they forge with DISTRIBUTORS , unless they prove to be BAR WEASELS – WINE REPS who haunt a restaurant’s bar in an attempt TO TASTE a Somm on their PORTFOLIO and secure a sale.
In the early days of our family business, my father decided not to try to grow out of his one market.
“If we’re asked at our next press conference, we’ll deny it.
The majority of entrants (a whopping 40) work in the hot fashion capital of London.
One thing I know he would not do is demagogue the issue, or inflame passions against the church, as Elizabeth Warren has done.” Democrats were bitterly disappointed in 2010 when Mr. Brown won the Senate seat that Edward Kennedy had held for nearly 60 years.
Jimmy Wales, a founder of Wikipedia, one of the Web sites that went dark to protest SOPA, was asked to lend his bully pulpit to that cause.
“We showed something today,” Carmelo Anthony said then, declaring the season-opening 106-104 victory “a new beginning for us.” It sort of looked that way at the time.
It’s an idea that makes intuitive sense to people.
The Italian experience is by no means unique, but the female farm work force is significantly higher here than elsewhere in Western Europe.
The presidential contest steamed ahead at full force on at least one important front.
Moscow finds itself on the defensive in a frequently disorderly new world order in which Washington appears to call the shots.
Büsingen’s acquaintance with borders goes back to Roman times, when it was on the¬ limes — the defensive wall shielding Roman civilization from Germanic barbarism.
The shootings happened on Oct. 25 near rural La Joya, which is close to the border with Mexico.
“I don’t think an ask call should be made from Air Force One,” he said.
But a recent paper by Rochelle Edge , a Federal Reserve economist, argues that other standard methods aren’t any better.
This case is not only easier to establish, but the potential damages could also be enormous.
Deloitte had been Autonomy’s auditor for several years, and signed off on the company’s financials as recently as February 2011.
Mr. Miller, who was prime minister from 2001 to 2004 and is the leader of the Democratic Left Alliance, a left-wing party in Poland’s Parliament, continues to deny that Poland was ever the site of secret detention facilities.
Even though the state newspaper Al-Ahram reported that Mr. Mubarak’s jailed sons, Gamal and Alaa, had been denied permission to accompany him from prison to the military hospital, a photograph posted online by Al-Masry Al-Youm, an independent daily, appeared to show a man in prison clothes who resembled one of the former leader’s sons on a hospital balcony.
In the scam, the amount is far more than the agreed-upon first week’s pay, and soon after the check arrives, the nanny is asked to wire the difference back.
That puts pressure on Apple to continue innovating with each new iPhone.
English lacks a similarly short, descriptive term, some say, for want of coups in English history.
“One thing that almost everyone here would say: They want to make sure they make a lot of money when they get out of school.” She went on to praise Steve Jobs, and did a fairly good imitation of his famous product launches by explaining how much she loved her iPhone: It’s not just a phone, she said, but a media library!
Bruce Surtees studied at the Art Center College of Design in Pasadena, Calif., and began working as a cameraman under his father.
In his first video, “Painting Myself Into a Corner” (1979), a spry and shirtless Haring bops along to Devo as he works on a large drawing at his feet.
The Environmental Protection Agency, most recently in April, said the chemical was safe enough to use.
“They started visiting my house, asking about me.
Are you leery of investing in the stock market?
The Moth , a New York-based group dedicated to storytelling that has an influential radio show, received $750,000 to produce its show weekly.
During World War II he sent every Brooklyn Prep graduate in the armed forces personal letters.
“When they were very young, I could see my children,” he said.
There’s scarce mention until late in the film of how the riots affected other minority groups; the footage of Korean shopkeepers shooting at potential looters is some of the most striking in the film.
It would seem a more likely bet for breakout success, being both a shorter and a more sophisticated effort, and it’s packed with all those ingredients — chiefly sexual violence and a plot gesturing vaguely at Europe’s troubled political history — that audiences here tend to look for in a foreign favorite.
A year ago the Green Bay Packers endured some grumbling after their injured players were not going to be included in the photo (the team ultimately changed the date of the shoot to accommodate them), but the Giants do not appear to have a similar conflict.
I mean before, I really didn’t feel so much difference.
Mr. Feinberg, 49, vice president and general counsel at WNET , the New York PBS station, conceived of the nonprofit festival in 2010, he said.
The United States has asked Mr. Abbas not to do so, but instead to resume direct negotiations with Israel, which have essentially been frozen since 2008.
“These are the type of yields that you used to see for blue chips like Exxon and Pepsi .” Consider the CIT Group, the small-business lender, which three years ago was on the brink of collapse.
And just as Mr. Mitchell was on the radar screen for Foggy Bottom in a second term back then, so too is Mr. Kerry this year.
“The state of materials in the cab — the state of the partition, the vinyl — it’s torn and dirty,” said Mr. Farion, who spent a month hailing cabs at all hours of the day.
The North American oil and natural gas market has witnessed a flurry of deals in the last 12 months, as energy companies eagerly snap up companies that own large shale formations, sedimentary rock that stores natural gas and oil, which can extracted through hydraulic fracturing, or fracking.
Finally asked if she was going to celebrate tonight, Sharapova responded with an enthusiastic “oh yeah!” and then dissolved in laughter.
This was in no small part, the work of the Dutch D.J.
Mrs. Clinton has gone from first lady to senator to presidential contender to secretary of state.
I most regretted missing Lois V Vierk’s elemental “Go Guitars,” played by Dither at noon, and Gérard Grisey’s “Noir de l’Étoile,” performed by the percussion ensemble Talujon as midnight approached.
At 7:30 p.m., Symphony Space, 2537 Broadway, at 95th Street, (212) 864-5400, symphonyspace.org ; $30, $25 for members, $15 for under 30.
“This was a radical exaggeration of the breadth of the criminal laws and a wrongheaded prosecution that should never have been brought,” the lawyer said.
As part of a five-run fifth on July 6, the Chicago rookie Anthony Rizzo hit a two-run homer.
But by 2003, with its black and white checkered tiles worn and exposed radiators rusting, the building had become a relic of mid-20th-century psychiatric care.
Although he presents a youthful face, he has not shaken off the impression that he is a proxy for the old guard — Carlos Salinas de Gortari, an unpopular former president, is said to be a backer — and he learned politics at the knee of some of the party’s most ardent stalwarts in Mexico State.
At the worst of the market turmoil in late 2008, an estimated $175 billion of capital was locked up in illiquid hedge funds, according to Hedge Fund Review.
I remembered something like that happening exactly nine years before to the day and probably the hour during a set by Mr. Haynes on the same stage.
That makes me throw up.” He then veered into a critique of President Obama, whom he did not mention by name, for his health care plan and his recent directive that insurance companies pay for contraceptives for anyone who wants them, even if they work for a Catholic institution.
“You have to look under there and see the ceiling or a clean pool with no swimmer in it and just think to yourself: this is what’s going to happen, this is where the swimmer’s going to break the water, this is where a reflection might be, this might be a good angle where a swimmer might come into your frame.” Swimming’s million-dollar shot can be had for about $30,000 in equipment, but it takes a lot of nerve and a little luck to create something memorable.
“Putting extra toner in your copy machine is not as dangerous as operating a chain saw ,” Randy summarizes.
In a statement, Mr. Messina said: “Our top priority and focus is to secure the electoral votes necessary to reelect the president.
Ms. Ramirez, who was considered the ringleader and was tried separately from her friends, is now 15 years into a nearly 40-year sentence.
He suggested tossing out creams, gels or lotions containing 5 or 10 percent benzoyl peroxide, the standard antiseptic for teenage acne (which is on oily, durable skin).
Photos .” Mr. Davis shared some tips on getting good H.D.R.
GOMA, Democratic Republic of Congo — Regional leaders meeting in Uganda on Saturday called on Congolese rebels to “stop all war activities and withdraw from Goma,” but the rebels did not seem interested in that.
Mr. Obama rallied supporters in Iowa on Wednesday.
They had to reach $10,000 within three weeks.
For the record, I have no problem with stacks as long as the quality of the crossing entries holds up, and in my own opinion, Mr. Berry has more than done his job.
And so far, March will be remembered for the more than 2,200 warm temperature records that were set around the nation.
It is not only about getting the ball from point A to B.
“Everything had to have an aerodynamic shape.” Moving on to another, he said: “We bought this one in the Bahamas, because it has blue glass that is just like the color of the sea.
“That’s the kind of kid Neil was.
“We urge the board to be open to any offers to acquire the whole company,” the shareholder, Southeastern Asset Management, said in a letter to the board that was part of a regulatory filing.
“You’re intimidating them, you’re scaring them, so they don’t want to be there.” During the early, intensive part of the program, the falconers and the birds are at the job site seven days a week.
Indeed, in the Barclays Center’s opening weeks, which have featured a mix of concerts, preseason basketball games and other events, forecasts of neighborhood-wide gridlock have thus far been unfounded.
“I looked,” Mr. Miller said.
We’re just looking to get better.” For his part, Morneau has done that.
Over all, the Gallup daily tracking poll accounts for only about 3 percent of the weight in this stage of the calculation.
But the men kept running.
Admittedly, it’s a silly worry.
This week’s economic news was mixed, but the employment report on Friday was unmistakably weak .
Often, to reach this threshold, developers draw in buyers by negotiating on price, paying for closing costs and offering brokers commissions of 4 percent or higher rather than the traditional 3 percent.
The Scherzo from Mendelssohn’s “Midsummer Night’s Dream” was played by Mr. Bax and Gilbert Kalish, in an arrangement for piano four-hands.
“I urge those within the C.P.S.C.
He also addressed the economy.
The United States has to be extremely pleased with its comeback.
Chancellor Strine perhaps preferred not to wade into this battle, side-stepping these thorny issues.
Several weeks later, he collapsed during a meeting, and doctors sent him back to Fort Hood, Tex., where a case manager recommended a medical discharge.
“Don’t tell me they’re just touring the city.
The legislation is the result of an unusual degree of cooperation between two parties that have fought bitterly over recent issues, and members of the conference committee that negotiated the deal played to the cameras on Thursday.
The production ends with cascades of bile and the scattering of credit cards on the floor of Tim Hatley’s commendably shape-shifting set.
Retirees fret that the new drivers will not help them carry their trash cans to the curb.
Adele , the British retro-soul singer who dominated music in 2011, rounded out her exceptional year in a truly appropriate way: at the top of the charts.
Still, residential construction is only a small fraction of gross domestic product.
But I hope, for his sake, that the moment doesn’t come too soon.
Two squares of sticky tape remained where Bret Bielema’s nameplate had been.
While Permira was among its investors, Galaxy expanded into one of the biggest casino operators in Macau, the only place in China where gambling is legal.
The fully-furnished, semi-functioning cafe-bookshop, complete with Tate-branded provisions (albeit rotting) and Spaulings- and Carpenter-related merchandise must be seen to be believed.
But the process was not easy, with several jurors saying they felt conflicted.
It encompassed media coverage of the Occupy Wall Street movement; outrage over Bank of America’s proposed $5 monthly debit card fee; and Bank Transfer day on Nov. 5.
But it may be that as a result of muscle problems, some people taking statins exercise less or not at all.
seeks to present to the world — as a guardian of regional security and a new-style organization that, unlike Western bodies, does not intrude in the sovereign affairs of its members and condemns outside military action.
But it has transformed itself into an important source of support for the unemployed.
How ready will states hit by the storm be for voting next Tuesday?
COS COB Bush-Holley Historic Site “Everyday Heroes: Greenwich First Responders,” artifacts and interactive dispatch center.
Hardly anyone claims that the Giants have gotten lucky or cut corners.
Her 6:30 a.m. wake-up time is creeping closer to 7.
I was a 22-year-old girl who thought it was “no biggie” to go dancing with a bunch of naval aviators.
That has been the pattern for I.B.M.
Vajda said Djokovic “could not cope” with the miserable conditions, but he flourished underneath the afternoon sun in his 2-6, 6-1, 6-4, 6-2 triumph.
The news media is relentless in stating that England should be coached by an Englishman.
He was ultimately waived by five N.F.L.
Robert Elder joined the New York office of GumGum in a new post, senior vice president for sales.
Janet, New York I've been told that Boston ivy is O.K.
At least, he did in 1975.
Edison quickened everything he touched, but could not be captured at source.
Avon’s products and pricing were “off target.” Technology and service “did not keep pace.” Senior managers were moved so often they couldn’t gain traction.
SHELTER ISLAND Boltax.Gallery “Signs of Life,” works by Jason Willaford.
Yoko Ono is not pretty, she is not easy, her paintings aren’t recognizable, her voice is not melodious, her films are without plot and her Happenings make no sense.
At the end of the workshop, Mr. Baker performed a drum solo, rousing several children to dance.
Because I plan to stay in the apartment for a while, I’ve been thinking about what I could do to update the kitchen and make it more functional.
Mr. Bloomberg added: “I just wish the Knicks had won!”
But Texas has been affected indirectly.
The British case stems from a dubious cash rebate scheme that operated in the United States for several years before it filed for bankruptcy in Manhattan in late 2005, leaving its 30,000 creditors with $160 million in claims against the scheme’s British founders.
“Please everybody, give an extraordinary welcome to my pastor, Dr. Jeremiah Wright Jr.” The video, which was obtained in full and posted by the Daily Caller, another conservative Web site, also shows Mr. Obama talking about the difficulties faced by the homeless people and veterans.
moved as well, but it tried to maintain the dominance of its members, particularly the specialists who were required to always be ready to buy or sell any stock listed on the exchange.
However, I had to figure it out almost by osmosis.
Last month, militias fighting under the government’s banner laid siege to the western city of Bani Walid, shelling the town during what residents said was a week of indiscriminate attacks.
Executives at multiple suppliers, in interviews, said that Hewlett-Packard and others allowed them slightly more profits and other allowances if they were used to improve worker conditions.
But David Javerbaum, the former “Daily Show” producer who co-wrote the hilarious “Not Just For Gays Anymore” opener in 2011, is involved again.
Earth Day and All Days: 10 Ways to Learn About the Environment Backyard Science: Tallying Local Species to Learn About Diversity Hunger Games Science: Investigating Genetically Engineered Organisms Environment, Society and Economy: Exploring Sustainability Backyard Science: Tallying Local Species to Learn About Diversity How Does Your Garden Grow?
BEASTLY THINGS, by Donna Leon.
When two calls to Ms. Bamenga’s apartment went unanswered, he said, the building staff called the police.
After a modest military ceremony attended by the families of the dead, the coffins were carried out one by one into the streets by emotional relatives who loaded them onto trucks and into ambulances for burial in their hometowns.
Then you get past Frederick, Maryland, into the Washington suburbs and suddenly the auto fleet changes.
The Bryans will fly to Spain on Saturday night to begin a week of practice for the Davis Cup match against Spain, beginning Sept. 14 at Gijón.
chairman: to make available more unlicensed airwaves, or spectrum, to open congested mobile broadband networks and to use in Wi-Fi hot spots.
Crystal, Ms. Berger said, was busy over the weekend filming bits for the show.
My first year was tough, but I had the advantage because I had an attacking mentality.
In Mexico City, employees created the “Todo a Pulmon,” or “All by Lung,” campaign to raise awareness about children with undiagnosed cystic fibrosis.
He said the change was meant to close a loophole that allowed some companies like Vodafone to structure transactions in low- or no-tax havens to avoid paying any capital gains tax.
The Centers for Disease Control and Prevention released a report this week showing that while accidental injuries remain the leading cause of death for children from 0 to 19 years old, the death rate for children from accidents has dropped nearly 30 percent in the last decade.
But after a sleepless night and much soul-searching I have decided to embrace the move.
Dr. Keene, who retired only last year from Columbia, says he plans to spend his final years in Japan as a gesture of gratitude toward the nation that finally made him one of its own.
For much more detail on the 46 (or 47) percent, read my colleague David Leonhardt’s 2010 column or my 2011 piece for Slate.
“It was only a few years ago that people did not feel safe in this country, and today the situation is different,” he said, adding, “Thanks to our activities, the world now has enlisted itself against the Iranian nuclear program , and this pressure will not be lifted until the threat is truly removed.” Mr. Netanyahu continued, “We will look for every opportunity to promote true peace with our neighbors, and we will defend our nation’s vital interest, just as we have been doing.”
Even cats pawed it effectively, for cats.
If your wife worked outside the home and would be applying for her benefits at age 62 — four years ahead of her normal retirement age — her “full benefit” would be reduced by 25 percent.
In many cases, the trauma is unknown to parents and caregivers or never dealt with effectively.
“As we’re driving to the arena, all he said to me the whole way there is ‘Will you play one more year?’” Gretzky’s retirement ceremony included a gift of a new car, driven onto the Garden ice by his father.
practitioner for the lifelong problems I’ve had from having rejecting, abusive parents.
The buzz exposes China’s selective and self-serving approach to history: the censors allow “Back to 1942” but hardly tolerate any account of the largely manmade Great Famine that took place under Mao in 1958-62 and left tens of millions dead.
Dr. Skolarus called the E.R.
Officials said it appeared that the three had been targeted, rather than being the victims of indiscriminate fire into the car.
He pulled the plug before the 1982 season.
On Friday morning, Mr. Bouvay had called the 911 dispatcher and said that multiple bombs around the campus would detonate within two hours, the authorities said.
A person with knowledge of the fund insisted that there had been no conflict of interest.
High-profile athletes attract younger athletes to emulate.
While a hostage-rescue mission generates news, the day-to-day work at Camp Lemonnier focuses on quiet efforts at improving the abilities of local militaries and law-enforcement personnel to protect and police their own territory, while assisting in building schools, digging wells, laying roads and vaccinating livestock.
When Aon moves, he will receive a $135,000 “foreign service allowance” paid semi-monthly; a $336,000 “annual housing allowance,” though he must pay for any home phone and Internet access charges; a $90,000 cost-of-living allowance; and a one-time $80,000 “relocation allowance intended to cover all miscellaneous expenses.” Steve McGill, chief of Aon Risk Solutions, will have to somehow get by with a $90,000 cost-of living allowance, $23,000 car allowance, a one-time relocation allowance of $80,000 and a first-year bonus of $200,000, according to securities filings.
We can then compare the modified polling average with the relative popular vote of the state in 2008.
The answer: You make stuff up.
But Mr. Sullivan talks to a number of lawyers and financial service professionals who argue that wealth should not be the sole criterion for these types of investments.
The Taliban claimed responsibility for the jail break in a statement posted on their Web site.
Mr. Obama won Wisconsin by 14 points over John McCain in 2008.
By strengthening the treaty between the United States and Mexico that governs the Colorado River, we have the opportunity to revive the river and show the world, as it is suggested in Ecclesiastes, that all rivers shall run to the sea.
President Hamid Karzai’s determination to make a close aide, Asadullah Khalid, his next intelligence chief has divided Western officials here, some of whom say they are troubled by allegations of torture and drug trafficking against Mr. Khalid and worry that in such a powerful role he would be a step back for the country.
But the department’s work on the topic has been criticized.
What’s your best advice for unpublished writers?
Jerry Rice would run these incredibly precise routes and the defenders would fall down.” The 49ers won five Super Bowls.
Mike Bianchi of The Orlando Sentinel writes that Orlando must now get back to the business of trading Howard, which will be the story that dominates almost everything until the trading deadline.
Mr. Tappon, whose feet give him a sensational liftoff in jumps, is strikingly assertive, a mold breaker; Mr. Riddick, a quieter personality who returns to the stage in the third movement, has compelling grace and physical dexterity.
Twitter executives have said that on certain days, the social network earns a majority of its daily revenue from mobile ads.
By staying in college, winning a championship Tuesday, an Olympic gold medal this summer and another N.C.A.A.
And even when officers extended niceties, like “Have a nice night,” or called them “sir” and “ma’am,” people said they questioned whether the officer was being genuine.
During the summer, their fare-paying patterns change perceptibly, with a shift away from the 30-day card toward the 7-day and pay-per-ride varieties.
The savagery and starkness of the violence have been startling.
Syrian state-run television ran urgent red banners across the bottom of its broadcasts saying that the Arab League was trying to “hide the facts of what is happening in Syria.” Kofi Annan, the envoy for the United Nations and the Arab League who is trying to salvage his beleaguered peace plan, told the ministers that “the specter of all-out civil war, with a worrying sectarian dimension, grows by the day.”
It’s an add-on rate known as the guarantee fee.
The Tyng house sits along a narrow street in the city’s Fitler Square neighborhood, on the banks of the Schuylkill River.
Derek Jeter, Jorge Posada, Alex Rodriguez, Jason Giambi, Gary Sheffield, Hideki Matsui.
I wanted to have fun with clothes that were very spontaneous.
I was writing a novel, and novels demand that the writer goes deeper, both emotionally and thematically.
It also has a controlling stake in the company that publishes Newsweek and the Daily Beast Web site.
“She’s ordered the cavatelli with sausage at least 150 times,” Mr. Klein said.
“I’m going to do something for him.” Mr. Obama’s biggest challenge is turnout.
According to the historian David Nasaw, who unearthed the long-forgotten story of the Newsboy Strike in his 1985 book “Children of the City: At Work and at Play,” publishers needed a reliable work force to push their newspapers for a few hours in the afternoon — “and these newsboys were perfect.” To cover some of the expense of their own war, the one over newspaper circulation, Pulitzer and Hearst targeted the lowly newsboys by adding a penny to the nickel price for 10 newspapers.
Mondays through Saturdays, 10 a.m. to 4 p.m. Clay Art Center, 40 Beech Street.
Then there is the Volcker Rule, which is likely to substantially reduce much of the banks’ profits from their trading businesses.
I’m improving the building for everybody.” “Why are my tenants complaining about my improvements?” he added.
The Valerie Capers Ensemble, jazz.
Its shoe-giving work in Debre Markos, Ethiopia, for instance, has been done in collaboration with medical groups and has helped raise awareness of podoconiosis , a disfiguring foot disease prevented by wearing shoes.
Yet the passive voice remains an important arrow in the rhetorical quiver.
“We are going to shape the reality of the two states.
THE service is free and, for now at least, carries no advertising.
When Sally, another of the group, died, envy of the Lady of the Pool twisted into irrational blame.
It also invited dozens of foreign journalists to visit the launching site and command and control center.
All is not lost for Apollo, however.
One of President Obama’s most valuable campaign advisers is Stephanie Cutter, Amy Chozick writes in The Times, serving as a “one-woman attack squad’’ responsible for getting the message out by saying the things the “candidates can’t or won’t say.’’ She stands out, The Times says, in a campaign mostly dominated by middle-age white men.
championships and one Super Bowl title, with another awaiting them next Sunday if they can beat the New England Patriots.
One of those proposals is for an approximately $2 billion New Mexico facility called Tres Amigas, which would tie together the three grids in the lower 48 states.
Tweets of the Week @garyvee : I have no interest in making the most money in the world.
And Gen. Ray Odierno, the Army chief of staff, also has been speaking to his service’s officers and noncommissioned officers about the urgent requirement for the Army to increase and sustain discipline among younger officers and enlisted personnel.
Bain Capital acquired GST Steel in 1993.
We may respond to the same honeyed aromas that make fruit flies amorous, so chemists include them in perfumes.
With a string of strong serving, Murray held to open the fourth set.
SOME large American museums, and an increasing number of smaller ones, offer domestic and international trips — with Cuba currently all the rage — that enliven the museums’ images and at the same time help increase membership and raise money.
In late December, they grudgingly agreed to a two-month extension .
“When you go through it the first time, you’re naïve,” he said.
A former technical assistant to Bill Gates , Microsoft’s co-founder, he was known to be a big admirer of Apple ’s attention to detail in its products.
“I committed a terrible, terrible sin.
I don’t see the advantage in it.” Still, Scout.com contains a half-dozen names on its “Class of 2016” roster, including a point guard listed at 5-4 ½, 140 pounds.
OLD SAYBROOK The Katharine Hepburn Cultural Arts Center CT Virtuosi with Michael Imbimbo, classical and pop.
He used Lancôme’s Le Stylo Waterproof Eyeliner in Minuit to line close to the lashes and then set it with Garment eye shadow covered with a slick layer of clear Juicy tube gloss.
SALISBURY--Charlotte Young, 98, died quietly in Salisbury, CT on April 25.
To see how alcohol influences the enemies of the flies, Dr. Schlenke unleashed a parasitic wasp, Leptopilina heterotoma.
The Yankees’ tie with Baltimore for first place in the American League East was broken with the Orioles’ 5-2 loss at Oakland later Saturday.
In a statement on Friday, David S. Yassky, the chairman of the city’s Taxi and Limousine Commission, called the ruling, which came in three lawsuits challenging the policy, “unfortunate.” “We share the disappointment of the 80 percent of New Yorkers who live and work outside of Manhattan and are waiting for safe, legal and reliable taxi service, as well as the thousands of hard-working livery drivers who stand ready to provide that service,” Mr. Yassky said.
If the minimalism of the staging was partly driven by the company’s tight budget and lack of a permanent space, it is nevertheless effective and eerie.
This relative reticence might also have been the reason he created so many stars — Marcella Hazan, Madhur Jaffrey, Diana Kennedy, Maida Heatter.
WHITE PLAINS White Plains Performing Arts Center “The Secret Garden,” musical by Marsha Norman and Lucy Simon.
SALISBURY Noble Horizons The 40th Anniversary Invitational Outdoor Sculpture Show.
If your cabinets don’t go all the way up to the ceiling, the same kind of fixtures can be installed on top of the cabinets as well, flush with the wall and pointed toward the ceiling.
It is my hope that political and community leaders in other countries, especially in Eastern Europe, will learn from Poland’s experience in criminalizing drug possession, a move that clearly fell short of its goals.
Having grown up in a waterfront house in the village of Roslyn Harbor, she sought a water view, she said, “because I find it very relaxing.” But all she could find were places where “you could see water if you hang your body out the window.” Then her parents alerted her to a two-acre waterfront property for sale two houses away from theirs.
“I decided to fly there, and it was a real eye-opener.
For the Cowboys, the season is over.
The judges will include the Olympic diver Greg Louganis; Miss New York, Mallory Hagan; and, to bring in baseball, Mookie Wilson of the 1986 championship New York Mets.
Dempsey is the first American to score three goals in a game in the Premier League.
They are starting to retire, prompting some of the growing conversations about pensions.
Rick Rotondo, vice president for marketing at xG, compared its technology to noise-canceling headphones, which listen for noise and generate a signal to cancel it out.
Far less certain is whether Mr. Hernandez’s lifelong mental state would become a building block in any possible insanity defense that would hinge on his mental state in May 1979, when Etan, who was 6 years old, disappeared on his way to school.
How functional he was, I have no idea.
A better pick was the prawns marinated in yogurt and finished in garlic butter.
The Knauers have farmed in Knauertown since the 18th century and, like most farmers, have always kept a flock of chickens.
While it would be all too perfect if HBO went to 11 episodes in its first season (for which a debut date wasn’t immediately announced), “Family Tree” is starting with an eight-episode order.
“But getting the chips in the phones in the U.S., the NFC capability and point-of-sale installs have been slow to move in the U.S.” Eventually, Mr. Partridge said, those hurdles might be sidestepped as the transactions simply happen over wireless networks.
Betty Lee was married to Lee Kolker, her late husband of 37 years, with whom she shared a love of world travel and fine art.
In the United States, proposals to control online media have raised First Amendment concerns .
Question-and-answer sessions with reporters are exceedingly rare.
In states without the laws, employees at unionized workplaces generally have to pay such fees.
This included the three Michigan counties that border Ohio, where Mr. Romney lost by a combined eight percentage points to Mr. Santorum.
COLLINSVILLE Bridge Street Live Brother Joscephus and the Love Revival Revolution Orchestra, funk and soul.
The fraud rate, they say, stands at less than 1 percent.
Ms. Cook, now 84, still has the goods.
On Thursday, CREW demanded that the I.R.S.
People had already been dumping litter and urinating in the garden, but Ms. Garsia said these problems had worsened because of the center.
‘Gangnam Style’ Becomes Most-Watched Video Ever on YouTube — 805 Million Views .
International variables are more important than domestic ones.”
Another image that also appeared to show a younger Mr. Merah behind the wheel of a car was posted on a blog charting life in the Izards neighborhood of Toulouse in 2008, the newspaper Dépêche du Midi reported .
Thankfully, I no longer felt that heat.
Some research suggests that sexual orientation can show itself even at three years old.
Both his parents, Sam and Sue Wang, played table tennis for fun.
that prompts him into more adventurous movement behavior, including a few hip-hop spins and some embarrassing Everyman attempts at ballet.
“ Hello City Planner ,” an animated cartoon produced by the department and posted on its Web site, depicts a litany of farcical city hassles faced by a woman applying to sell ice cream.
“I’m sure a lot of drivers would agree that it is a great circuit — it is a very technical track, really exciting to drive and actually it is very difficult to do a perfect lap there, which is part of the challenge.” “To learn most of the circuits, it is enough to do 20 or 30 laps,” he added.
REP. RYAN: We’re going to cut 80,000 soldiers, 20,000 Marines, 120 cargo planes.
Orville Browning, a Lincoln confidant, worried that “In many of the free states, population is already pressing hard upon production and subsistence, and new homes must be provided, or the evils of an overcrowded country encountered.” Republicans were quick to counter any notion that homesteading would somehow redistribute wealth.
Stop using this conflict as a backdrop for campaign photo-ops and fund-raisers.
A shot of the main street shows flames leaping from vehicles and residents running around in panic.
It is possible, the officials said, that at some level of the chain of command a soldier could receive an administrative reprimand, but those matters are held privately within the unit or command.
It has sexual situations and nudity.
He graduated from Columbia, from which he received an M.B.A.
While most Gilded Age travelers preferred to immerse themselves in the Old World pleasures of Paris and Venice , the 22-year-old Grinnell was one of a new breed of nature-lovers who chose to take rugged, and often dangerous, excursions into the Western wilderness, usually for the purpose of hunting and fishing .
This is the world’s first tablet that can actually show you hi-def movies in full 1080p high definition.
“The glamour of New York?” DeBoer said.
While the panthers’ numbers have grown, the animal’s survival is far from assured.
Roads must be closed for the motorcade, using plenty of local police officers.
Mr. Koepp, 49, whose credits include four smaller-budgeted films under his directing belt but is best known as an A-list screenwriter of Hollywood blockbusters, studied a wide swath of chase scenes, from the classic chariot race in “ Ben-Hur “ to the breathless, techno dash of 1999’s art-house hit “ Run Lola Run .” He was preparing for “a stunt movie, not an effects movie, that was reliant on human ability,” he said.
This is yet another instance of the Police Department acting outside the bounds of what any reasonable person would think was appropriate.” Rabbi Feiglin said he had not seen Mr. Halevy at the center in recent days and did not know his whereabouts.
The dramatic nighttime escape of a blind rights lawyer from extralegal house arrest in his village dealt a major embarrassment to the Chinese government and left the United States , which may be sheltering him, with a new diplomatic quandary as it seeks to improve its fraught relationship with Beijing.
When he travels to New York to perform on the weekends, Mr. Johnson stays with friends.
And yet the great surprise is how much they agree with each other, especially on what matters.
(Isherwood) ‘Voca People’ This show features space aliens, but it’s really all about a cappella music.
And those other characters were so enjoyable that a regular viewer could think, O.K., if they’re willing to go along with this, I will too.
scan cost less than a third as much, on average, in Canada?
But he said he did not view such evidence as particularly germane and used a colorful example to emphasize his point.
The center owns 20,000 original Weegee prints, 92 of which appear in “ Weegee: Murder Is My Business ,” a showcase of his work from 1936 to 1946.
The man, Thomas Sullivan Jr., 20, was the only survivor of the blaze on May 1.
It would be churlish to begrudge all that “awww”-ing for the fetching Sunny, who has bravely taken on both a male role and a part whose name would seem to be anathema to New Yorkers at this moment.
A complete, up-to-date digital Green Book could make the city’s bureaucracy easier to navigate.
Instead of lobbing brickbats and barely veiled references to gold digging, can we please acknowledge that love knows no bounds and Hef’s wedding toast will be a heartfelt speech and not “grilled pumpernickel with the crust cut off”?
A late solo section for the lithe Ms. Tenbeth-Ward breaks that rule, adding refinement and tension to the segment-twisting model.
It confirmed the deaths of the following Americans recently: BRITTONMIHALO, Andrew T., 25, Staff Sgt., Army; Simi Valley, Calif.; Second Battalion, Seventh Special Forces Group.
To explain how that worked, we must venture into the world of repos.
Spagnoli said Maro inspired him to “keep plugging away,” even as he commutes twice a week from the University of Rhode Island.
She is running on Republican turf.
It has row upon row of metal cabinets and exudes the vaguely creepy quality of a modern mausoleum.
I told her the fan belt looked frayed.
A firm and cheerful presence, her hand could be seen everywhere, from the Meetings of Members to the Board of Management to the Admissions Committee and far beyond.
Barclays said on Wednesday that American regulators were also pursuing similar inquiries, adding that the bank was cooperating.
The site has also added a foreclosure primer .
On most days, the only people inside the sprawling building are a handful of students, who are not studying but instead trying to escape from their parents or the heat.
But can it trigger an actual heart attack ?
Relapses and brain lesions do not, apparently, drive disability, Dr. Tremlett said.
In the finale Mr. Andsnes reveled in Haydn’s wildness as the high-spirited music broke into spiraling bursts of passagework, played with utter clarity and lightness.
In other words, prepare to hear the kinds of discussions that have been animating dinner-table conversations in New York for the past, oh, two years or so.
Muhammad Sha’ani Abdullah, a human rights commissioner, said many indigenous people on the Malaysian Peninsula, called orang asli in Malay, lived in remote areas.
And yet he had not been trained for less hidebound forms of combat; he cites with approval one cadet’s idea of a new motto for West Point, “Two Hundred Years of Tradition, Unhindered by Progress.” While this book is by no means a valentine to Mr. Petraeus and his fellow innovators, it does acknowledge that innovative military thinking was badly needed after the Sept. 11 attacks.
Here’s what else we’re reading this morning: The Bronx Zoo has closed its monkey house.
He added, “It’s convinced me the needs are simply too great to divert any resources from the recovery.” The comments by elected officials were echoed by thousands of people on social media.
Play can be watched live at bridgebase.com , beginning at 3:15 a.m. Eastern time.
In a small bowl, mix together the apple cider, cider vinegar, 2 tablespoons oil and maple syrup and season with salt and pepper.
“It’s still the wild, wild West days,” Mr. Sigal said.
(AP) U.S. WOMEN IN WATER POLO FINAL Maggie Steffens scored four times to help the United States outlast Australia for an 11-9 win in extra time to reach the women’s water polo final.
That period is now entertainingly documented in “My Name Is New York: Ramblin’ Around Woody Guthrie’s Town” (powerHouse Books, $12.95).
Mr. McKenzie has maintained and refurbished war horses (“Swan Lake,” “Giselle”), and he has commissioned premieres (by Twyla Tharp, Christopher Wheeldon and lesser lights).
In an interview, she repeated those points.
The details seduce: sunny shards of orange confit amid pink whorls of calamari ($10); fried capers embedded in a slab of meaty, charred cauliflower ($8); a riot of horseradish curls atop a magisterial pork chop ($18).
It would be one thing if Romney were eking out narrow victories against Rick Perry or Tim Pawlenty, candidates with (at the time they were running) a serious campaign infrastructure and money or the potential for it.
Many of the comments left by readers made me feel like a guilty criminal, simply because I’m an adoptive parent.
But the seasonal adjustments reduced the monthly average to less than 100,000.
EMILY, ALONE , by Stewart O’Nan (Penguin, $15.)
To take all this in, rise above it.
“I have a hard time sleeping because I think about how serious this all is,” she said of expectations for the production.
They argue that family farms just can’t compete and are an anachronism in the 21st century.
officials for destroying interrogation videotapes .
revolution intensified, combined with a slowdown in the growth of supply of higher skills.
Some commenters presumed we just printed anything anyone told us; that is not the case.
Brian Ellner, a senior strategist for the Human Rights Campaign, described Mr. Sharpton’s video as “another example of the broad coalition of Americans from all walks of life and across political and party affiliation” who are pushing for same-sex marriage.
Like the way Rube Walker used to put it: if the ball’s in your shoe, that means you’re pitching today.
It was a very decadent scene and, in a way, was a pointed statement about how globalized fashion has become.
“We are expecting more defections in the coming days because of the vengeance policy followed by the regime,” he said.
That was the case for the Charlatans UK, Wham UK and the English Beat, which all went on to have some success in the United States under their new names.
Fresenius, the other big chain, signed a three-year nonexclusive deal, according to Amgen’s regulatory filings.
University leaders, who had responded typically to earlier budget cuts with assurances that their institutions were still in top form, now are sounding the alarm.
The film, “59 Middle Lane,” which was self-financed, had its debut at the Hamptons International Film Festival in October.
Jacobs is known for creating loopy personas, and for Media Day he opted for a cross between a hippie mystic and Colts owner Jim Irsay.
Sept. 21 and 22, 11 a.m. to 3 p.m. $5 with museum admission.
“Having listened to them, we have sought to address their concerns and will continue to engage with them on this matter,” Mr. Wheway said.
We are proud to play for you.
The True Greece campaign has only had a week to make an impact.
Two authentication technologies — one called “Sender Policy Framework” (SPF) and another called “DomainKeys Identified Mail” (DKIM) — have been widely deployed by e-mail senders for years.
It costs SAGE as much as $4.50 to put each meal on the table, said Catherine Thurston, the senior director for programs, including $3.45 to the caterer, Healthy Heart Food Service .
This is where the story, still at its crossroads, becomes more complicated.
As for Mr. Gingrich, who paid 32 percent in federal income tax on his $3.14 million in income, he would face mostly ordinary income tax rates in Europe, so he would probably have to fork over about 40 percent of his income if he lived in one of the major European countries.
And yet Carlebach continues preaching the virtues of the Torah; his flock includes a collective of hippies in San Francisco that he calls the House of Love and Prayer.
But unless you work in a creative industry, they’re too flashy for everyday wear ($28).
Rating: Incomplete Are you disappointed that the United States will not be playing in the 2012 Olympics?
Indian Hotels said it would finance the buyout through a combination of borrowing and equity.
The taped confession that Brody recorded at the end of last season, when he thought he would blow up himself and most of the government’s leadership, was addressed to the nation but composed for his children.
But it is unclear whether the last-minute delay — announced less than an hour before the board was scheduled to meet — may also indicate dissent among the Fed’s governors.
“I knew that he would get the job if he could get the interview.” The hiring is paying dividends.
“It’s just been a great week for us, a great month in general,” Swisher said.
His friend Topher Ellis prefers Grape-Nuts and Total.
There is no merit to the argument; military policy already says that cannot happen.
In 2004, Cardinal Edward M. Egan, then archbishop of New York, declined to invite the presidential candidates to the dinner because the Democratic nominee, Senator John F. Kerry, a Catholic, supported abortion rights.
There was a lot of talk about traffic, congestion in the city, disruptions to routines, etc.
I arrived in Stratford just as the festival’s productions were beginning previews and before the crowds were there in force.
But one thing that unifies the Republican primary voters who will cast ballots on Jan. 31, analysts said, is that they are less ideological and want Florida to be the tie-breaker state, choosing the candidate who is best able to defeat President Obama .
The communication breakdown that blocked trading on parts of the BATS exchange for more than an hour has been seen in at least 110 instances across the nation’s 13 stock exchanges over the last year, a review of data from Nasdaq shows.
“We think it’s going to ferment faster,” said Max Holden, a ninth grader at Chaminade College Preparatory in West Hills, Calif.
While water for tea was boiling, I checked on my newly planted garden.
Today, a new-generation solar-powered vessel could probably be built to go twice as fast with a smaller solar cell surface, said Raphäel Domjan, the yacht’s Swiss-born captain.
According to the study, 67 percent of live-in domestic workers earn less than their state’s minimum wage.
“Fundamental changes in chemical testing and safety determination are needed to protect human health,” the analysis declares.
Ashbey is a dog photographer.
His son Lawrence Mead III confirmed his death.
Banks should be able to receive those funds “with the appropriate conditions,” he said.
She said her Stanford-sponsored plan was excellent and it had given them freedom to choose the doctors they wanted, particularly for her husband, who had some health problems recently.
Vanessa teaches me about the definition of elegance right now, and about the gestures — the boldness of an earring, the skinniness of a trouser — that make all the difference (“ Styled to a T ,” “ The Velvet Revolution ,” and “ Eye Intensity ”).
He’ll have to work with Merkel to accomplish that.
It’s easy to make a difference in Nicaragua.
Children might, the article goes on to suggest, be willing to trade privacy for freedom.
The cresting — indeed the entire building — neared disaster in 2008 when excavation next door created a Pisalike lean of perhaps eight inches, and the Department of Buildings closed the structure, fearing collapse.
Some have referred to Ballard’s aerial twist as a swan dive.
Don’t take it on an empty stomach, and avoid alcohol and other anti-inflammatory drugs.
McCain was so desperate to sound the alarm that he missed a classified briefing on Benghazi to hold a press conference complaining that he had not been given enough information.
In Fayetteville, they are thrilled to have a coach unlikely to make a national embarrassment of himself, and a proven winner to boot, as Chris Low writes on ESPN.com .
Democrats call the laws voter suppression, saying they make it harder for inner city and minority voters.
Ms. Weber never looks once at Mr. Mitchell, who steers her this way and that without ever mastering her wildness.
In fact, Mr. Naimi was quick to note that “the fact remains that oil will continue to play a major role in the overall energy mix for many decades.” “It is clear that a petroleum-free transportation system is decades away,” he said.
Instead, the day after she and her friends start calling Maya Never New, she sees their victim’s seat in class is empty.
But fully integrating 17 economies and undertaking the necessary restructuring remains, not surprisingly, politically absurd, with Europe’s clock clicking down.
Grimacing with pain on the relentlessly steep final ascent of Alpe di Pampeago, Hesjedal finished 19 seconds behind Roman Kreuziger, with Rodriguez third, 32 seconds behind Kreuziger
On Sunday, more protests popped up around the country as the presidential candidates gathered in Guadalajara for the second and last scheduled debate before the election on July 1.
Lawlessness has been increasing in the past week, with home invasions, carjackings and killings on the rise.
One is a critique of Hu Jintao, the current president, and the other is a biography of Mr. Liu.
'Apr?Midi d'un Faune''); the Czech Dvorak (''The Golden Spinning-Wheel''); the Vienna-born Schoenberg (''Verkl?e Nacht''); and the English Elgar (''Enigma Variations'').
The Nails: The manicurist Liza Smith used L’Oréal Paris Colour Riche polish in Rose Mademoiselle, a fresh pink.
Before joining Rothschild in 2009, he had worked at Lazard and Credit Suisse .
It is about two ailing 90-year-olds who, because of social media, formal and informal, and the ingenuity of one of their daughters, were located amid the rubble of Long Beach, N.Y., after the storm’s initial fury , and in short order gained admission to one of the few elder care facilities in the region that could meet their divergent needs.
At this point in a career that has lasted nearly 60 years, Mr. Perlman’s playing has its faults: his characteristic golden tone is more uneven now, and he had a shaky ascent to a climactic high note in the “Meditation” from Massenet’s “Thaïs.” If he remains an artist you feel compelled to watch and listen to, it is because he has a rare sense of drama, an instinctive understanding of how to develop a musical line.
And Clark County — where 60 percent of Republicans live in Las Vegas and the outskirt cities — will hold a special 7 p.m. Pacific time caucus after sundown for observant Jews and Seventh-day Adventists.
Hogan’s right foot slipped during his swing and he pulled his drive into the left rough, then needed three swings with his wedge to land his ball on the fairway.
The promising Bobcats, who had just been bought by Jordan, were 44-38 and heading into the playoffs.
PolitiFact has chronicled 19 “pants on fire” lies by Mr. Romney and 7 by Mr. Obama since 2007, but Mr. Romney’s whoppers have been qualitatively far worse: the “apology tour,” the “government takeover of health care,” the “$4,000 tax hike on middle class families,” the gutting of welfare-to-work rules, the shipment by Chrysler of jobs from Ohio to China.
Mr. Cuomo praised the yogurt industry’s growth as “staggering” and “unbelievable”: 29 yogurt plants, up from 14 in 2000; 1.2 billion pounds of milk used annually; 8,070 people employed.
It received two nods, including one for original screenplay, an extremely hard category for a foreign film to elbow into.
“Yes, Virginia the Musical” is aimed at students in grades three through six, reflecting the ages of the child characters in both the stage and television versions.
Zwingli insists that Vigoleis and Beatrice move in with him and his captor, the beautiful Pilar.
My favorites included the youthful, harmonious Cos d’Estournel and the complex, rich yet earthy L’Évangile.
“Every window in my house broke.
“It was a thrill for me to meet them,” Girardi said.
Mr. Gingrich replied as he has before when asked about his three marriages and his admission of adultery, alluding to “mistakes I’ve made” and seeking God’s forgiveness.
But St. Louis has quietly cobbled together an impressive season of its own, going 12-4 in the Atlantic 10 while playing the disciplined style and temperate tempo of Coach Rick Majerus.
I appreciate the jobs in coal and oil and gas.
Dr. Erica Olson Miller, a daughter of Christine M. Olson and Dennis D. Miller of Ithaca, N.Y., was married there Saturday to Jesse Nathaniel Schenendorf, the son of Barbara P. Schenendorf and Dr. Ronald Schenendorf of Port Washington, N.Y.
At that point students have received only two semesters of grades, but those grades will determine where they work the next summer — and often, for the rest of their lives.
“But it can certainly be treated and handled, and you’re going to get better from it if it’s handled properly.”
Schleck, who finished third in the Tour last year, was in 12th place, 9 minutes 45 seconds behind Bradley Wiggins.
10th and Stuyvesant Streets Block Association Street Fair (Saturday) From 10 a.m. to 5 p.m. on 10th Street, between Second and Third Avenues, East Village.
The second bout of celebrity cursing came in an exchange between Paris Hilton and Nicole Richie in 2003 in which Ms. Richie discussed in vulgar terms the difficulties in cleaning cow manure off a Prada purse.
Romney Voting Democrat Mitt Romney said, “I’ve never voted for a Democrat when there was a Republican on the ballot.” However, he has said that he voted for Senator Paul Tsongas, a Massachusetts Democrat, when he ran in 1992 for the presidential nomination against Bill Clinton, among others.
He has tried somewhat subtler versions of “It Would Have Been Worse Without Me,” “By Comparison to the Other Guys I Look Pretty Good” and “Change Takes More Than One Term.” As he put it in the NBC interview, “It turns out that our founders designed a system that makes it more difficult to bring about change than I would like sometimes.” For the moment at least, his chances appear to be improving.
I have been buying vintage clothing for textiles and inspiration since I was 10 years old, so anywhere I go I try to find a thrift shop or vintage shop.
Both were wooed by the Nets during the free-agent bonanza of 2010.
Disclosing those names would almost surely reveal the identity of the whistle-blowers who reignited what was then a dormant investigation late in the 2011 season.
I prove my thesis by referring to General Order 1 and the Army Values that all enlisted soldiers wear with their dog tags.’’ The army’s Substance Abuse Program also says “alcohol and drug use are detrimental to a unit’s operational readiness and command climate and inconsistent with Army Values and the Warrior Ethos.’’ The U.S. Navy announced two weeks ago that it will soon start giving Breathalyzer tests to some sailors as they arrive for work aboard ships.
LaRue shot and killed his father in a hunting accident.
Mr. O’Malley said in the affidavit that he and a prosecutor then visited Mr. Rodriguez in prison, and asked him about the new information Mr. Vega had supplied.
They say, oh, we’ll make it up by eliminating loopholes in the tax code.
Though he returned to politics on Wednesday, he avoided attacks on the president, never mentioning his name.
Mr. Bradshaw did not clarify whether employee data had been compromised.
Will.i.am’s latest song, “Scream & Shout,” featuring Britney Spears, opened at a distant No.
He had trailed Mr. Mondale by 30 points in the polls before his second-place finish in Iowa and was making up ground quickly.
In the quarter, the company sold $440 million worth of stores in the United States and Canada.
Growing up in Wilmington, Del., Mr. West wasn’t necessarily a die-hard horror fan.
But the Bush-era “24,” which won the best-drama Emmy in 2006 after four previous nominations, routinely averaged 10 million to 12 million viewers for Fox.
Berta Hess died of cancer in Apartment 4A, but not before ordering her husband to “marry Elizabeth” — the woman who had nursed her in her final months.
We’re a few minutes from kickoff of the SEC title game, and it’s not too simplistic to say the key player will be Georgia QB Aaron Murray.
“I was in fact out of love” with the fiancé, she writes, “but not with the globe that had seemingly enclosed us.
The company’s use of analytic software to compile photographic archives of human faces, based on photos uploaded by Facebook’s members, has been problematic in Europe, where data protection laws require people to give their explicit consent to the practice.
Michel knows that it was the correct decision, but there are poignant moments, with him saying things like if he ever has to give up his involvement with food and the local farms, he would be dead.
“Come, join our dance,” one of the drummers beckoned during the performance we attended.
They can have whatever they want with it.” If he could plead his case to Mike Davis, the executive director of the United States Golf Association, what would he say?
Rumor also has it that Ms. Wiig is in talks to star opposite Paul Rudd in an Errol Morris feature about cryogenics.)
In a statement, Secretary of State Hillary Rodham Clinton condemned the attack by two men on Wednesday.
Danny Duffoo, Prudential Douglas Elliman (718) 486-4436; elliman.com COMMON CHARGE: $259 a month; taxes: $9 a month (abated for 10 more years) PROS: The unit has 20-foot ceilings and a skylight; the third level is a rooftop terrace.
Women, who won four seats in elections in 2009 — making the Kuwait Parliament the first in the Gulf region with elected women members — lost them all this time around.
He added they were working with Columbia and philanthropists toward raising a total endowment of $5 million.
On the downside, the openings — like Lhasa’s booming population, new business districts and shopping malls — are seen by many Tibetans and interested outsiders as more cultural colonization and exploitation of a sacred land.
The judge said the evidence presented in the case showed that the department had a “policy of establishing performance standards and demanding increased levels of stops and frisks” that has led to an exponential growth in the number of stops.
Looking past me, she said: “I love how the city’s all even.
The Sell : Moscot for the masses.
Durant broke loose for 21 points in the first half, nearly matching his 25.5 average for the first two games, as the Thunder took a 50-41 lead.
Two types that are commonly available are reddish-purple dulse and bright green wakame.
tournament, and Lehigh was suddenly family after shocking the No.
Last season, the Mets were scheduled nine times on the network, the maximum allowed for a team during the regular season.
These words, illustrated in pencil, hang on white squares from a verdant tree, painted in oils.
In each case, it appears that the women knew the officer vaguely.
• An article last Sunday about Cornelia Guest misstated the current listing price of Templeton, her family’s 15-acre estate in Old Westbury, N.Y.
Mr. McCartney had been on the runway at Kennedy when the attacks occurred.
Within another 24 hours, the researchers had determined that the virus was a strain of the flu never seen in seals.
But Community Education required paperwork to prove to state and county officials that Bo Robinson was rehabilitating inmates with drug treatment, therapy and other services.
Berkshire helped finance Mars Inc. ’s $23 billion takeover of the Wm.
There are no emotional fireworks here, just smoldering, quiet, lonely agony.
At 8 p.m., Roseland Ballroom, 239 West 52nd Street, Manhattan, (800) 745-3000, roselandballroom.com ; $32.50.
Turnout was 3.6 percent of the state’s voting-age population.
“She’s funny, loves makeup and has a _________ style between Vivienne Westwood and a Harajuku girl.” But she wasn’t yet a star, so Mr. Demsey proposed an online lipstick promotion over four Fridays, timed to her album’s November release.
Amid the passions of this election season, it’s time to revive the tolerant spirit of the founding fathers.
Many regulators in Europe feel misled by Google in the matter, Jacob Kohnstamm, a Dutch regulator who is the chairman of the top European privacy panel, told The Times.
With their win Friday, and Washington’s overtime loss to Winnipeg, the Sabres tied the Capitals for eighth place in the East.
The caskets were lined up under the gym’s basketball net, below a huge screen that flashed images of the victims whose stories are told in this interactive.
Beloved father of Philip Rubin and Marjorie Harris and father-in-law of Mardi Schecter and Josh Harris.
The company said it has programs to help people obtain the medicines if they cannot otherwise afford them.
But the Gallup tracking poll, which showed an especially sharp shift, could have been exaggerating it because of statistical variance — and now may be underselling it for the same reason.
One is a small-government Jeffersonian perspective that abhors bigness and holds that prosperity flows from competition among independent businessmen, farmers and other producers.
The real Kuan Chrisopoulos has the same post office box as the one noted on the check, in California, where she is an accountant.
OUTDOOR SPACE: The front garden is inspired by Japanese landscaping techniques, with stone sculptures, lily ponds and stone walls, remnants of the old mansion that burned down many years ago.
(Johnson) ★ Metropolitan Museum of Art: ‘Matisse: In Search of True Painting’ (through March 17) This stunning exhibition skims across the great French modernist’s long, productive career with a mere 49 stellar, often pivotal paintings arranged in pairs or groups according to subject.
Among his other books, “Seven Habits for Highly Effective Families,” published in 1997, advocates that families come up with mission statements.
“He’s showing you everything everybody’s talked about since I’ve been here.
The company challenged its six office employees to come up with at least seven ideas for expanding the business and its profits in its 50th year.
But Mr. Romney’s decision to choose Mr. Ryan instead of one of his other potential running mates ensured a longer, more drawn-out period in which other messages would be drowned out.
Justin Morneau: Morneau hasn’t outwardly complained about any concussion symptoms, but he has hit .091/.167/.091 in 33 at-bats in March.
Another key piece of testimony came from Mr. Will’s ex-girlfriend.
Another major factor is the immunology of wildlife, a science in its infancy.
Mr. Rangel’s campaign manager, Moises Perez, said he would redeploy volunteers to areas where turnout was low.
//t.co/bJx3uZU8 — BBC Sport (@BBCSport) 30 Jul 12 Sanya Richards-Ross attracts a lot of attention on the track for running fast, and off the track for her husband, Aaron Ross, a cornerback for the Jacksonville Jaguars.
Windows 8 will help them do that.
Aside from the default danger, Greece and Europe may well be able to insert provisions into a private sector agreement that would prevent “free riders” — as the holdouts are sometimes called — from receiving their bond payments at all.
And the dance gained its greatest intensity as she sunk into a squat and began dropping her heels in a mesmeric rhythm.
Check out the crazy markings inside its mouth.
Michael Urie (“Ugly Betty”) plays an uninhibited gay architect, Louis, who is best friends and business partners with Joe (David Krumholtz, “Numb3rs”), a straight architect who is also a straight arrow.
The exodus was slower and more subtle in Missouri than in the Deep South, Mr. Calfano said, but it has made a difference.
From 9:30 p.m. to midnight, Smalls Jazz Club, 183 West 10th Street, West Village, (212) 252-5091, smallsjazzclub.com ; $20 cover.
The attack occurred about 10:30 a.m. in a living room in the back of a two-story brick and vinyl house in the Springfield Gardens neighborhood.
While the results are not conclusive, another recent study, in The Journal of Occupational and Environmental Medicine, had similar findings.
This is partly because Newt Gingrich keeps carping on it.
From there, the attention shifts to substations, which send power out on local distribution lines.
“They’ve taken the old community and destroyed it and built their own community.” Ms. McDermott and her husband, Willard, live in a four-bedroom house that cost $23,500 in 1963.
May 6, 2012 Midday New York Numbers — 188; Lucky Sum — 17 Midday New York Win 4 — 4805; Lucky Sum — 17 New York Numbers — 407; Lucky Sum — 11 New York Win 4 — 3928; Lucky Sum — 22 New York Take 5 — 11, 15, 20, 36, 38 New York Pick 10 — 2, 5, 9, 10, 11, 16, 23, 26, 31, 38, 41, 46, 49, 55, 56, 60, 63, 74, 76, 77 Midday New Jersey Pick 3 — 688 Midday New Jersey Pick 4 — 4711 New Jersey Pick 3 — 119 New Jersey Pick 4 — 0574 New Jersey Cash 5 — 2, 3, 6, 12, 21 Connecticut Midday 3 — 059 Connecticut Midday 4 — 1037 Connecticut Daily — 211 Connecticut Play 4 — 3693 Connecticut Cash 5 — 7, 11, 16, 17, 18 May 5, 2012 New York Lotto — 1, 4, 18, 39, 42, 54; Bonus, 27 New York Take 5 — 8, 11, 15, 21, 39 Connecticut Daily — 713 Connecticut Play 4 — 0518 Connecticut Cash 5 — 13, 14, 15, 20, 21 Powerball — 9, 12, 20, 44, 59; powerball, 23
Chief among them is a deluxe cast led by Jessica Chastain (in her Broadway debut), flanked by David Strathairn, Dan Stevens (“Downton Abbey”) and Judith Ivey.
Caroline, San Francisco No, the bride and groom do not get to dictate whom their friends must take if they do extend a plus-one invitation.
As for those five devices my frequent flier had cobbled together, a laptop elegantly integrates all of them; it has for years.
So there they stood Saturday, on opposite sidelines, two coaches who took over programs in need of renovation, in similar, if far from parallel, situations.
So, it isn’t a cliché to call Florida a must-win for Mr. Romney; he very badly needs it.
We said, ‘You can learn on the job.’ ” McKenith lettered four times in basketball at University High and helped the school win a state title.
“This is for a generation that is having an extended adolescence — maybe they would like to leave home but can’t, because they can’t find a job,” she said.
The many species of bats that do not hibernate were not affected.
These days, attendance is waning some, but the arena, with its accommodating sightlines and dearth of luxury boxes, still offers a throwback experience, to days when games had a more intimate atmosphere.
His view is framed by stating that fusion must be made practical, which means economically and technologically attractive.
Since 2008, prices in the coastal areas have held their own in comparison to those inland, Mr. Bannock added.
“We wanted to have a viewing space for young artists who weren’t even emerging yet,” Brest said.
It operates both on a spiritual, mythical level and on a fun, humorous level.
He’s joined in the good fight by his teenage sister (Alison Bell); his trouser-wearing auntie (Deborah Kennedy); Eliza, a girl with a squeaky leather leg (a sweetly radiant Yael Stone); and the witch (and Communist) next door (Julie Forsyth).
Daniel Sullivan will direct “As You Like It”; “Into the Woods” will be directed by Timothy Sheader with co-direction by Liam Steel.
The Australian Will Power has captured the pole in the Grand Prix of Baltimore, a feat that earned him another point in his bid to clinch his first IndyCar Series championship this weekend.
I told him that this was my shot and that if he didn’t help me, I would deny this conversation ever happened.
“We carry these as a prop to tell people in the world what we are.
Less than a year into a new administration, the nation’s trade deficit is soaring.
Cinema is both a transparent lens and a distorting mirror, and using it as a tool to examine the facts of human existence makes it impossible to take any of those facts for granted.
As for the officers, he said: “They deserve our praise, not the opprobrium of being declared constitutional violators.
It was a pastime, I told myself, all in good fun.
Vague and dreary when it should be tough and devastating.
So is President Medvedev, who responded to questions about the kerfuffle with good humor: “I always get very cautious when I see a country resort to phrasings such as ‘No.
After a while, I decided they really should.
During the Miami Heat’s 100-67 thumping of the Knicks on Saturday in Game 1 of their first-round series, Chandler — flu-ridden, fatigued and ultimately frustrated — showed how much the Knicks are going to need him to have a chance against a team that believes it should battle for a championship.
Neither group of women had many members working in construction, so the decline of construction cannot explain these differences.
An hour later, he should be at the Academy of Television Arts and Sciences in the San Fernando Valley, some five miles away (with a driving time of nine minutes, by an optimistic estimate on Yahoo Maps), to introduce the film again.
For city dwellers, buying a house in the suburbs may seem logical square-foot-wise, but it can be a big leap.
The goal of the trainer is to have the horse fit, sound and happy on Saturday.
No play I’ve been to was sparsely attended; several were sold out.
After a subsequent exchange of e-mails, late Wednesday evening he allowed one comment to be attributed to him, a quote from the most famous Taoist text , the Dao De Jing, also known as the Tao Te Ching.
For an explanation of our methodology, visit https://www.nytimes.com/best-sellers.
Nor does it enhance public safety since states can civilly commit anyone who is found not guilty of a crime by reason of insanity for an indefinite period, until they are no longer dangerous.
The anti-immigrant Know-Nothing party was still politically potent, and Meagher promoted military service as one way Irishmen could demonstrate their loyalty.
The most amazing thing about the fan responses to Media Day and Radio Row, to say nothing of far more fan-friendly events like the N.F.L.
But this was no Englishman, in fact, and his message was distinctly unrepresentative of what a sizable slice of the English political class would like to think of as its creed.
“Joe Waverly,” Mr. Vitale said, using a nickname for Mr. Cacace, “had a lot of heat on him — the F.B.I.
Since the first vintage was released in 2003, Covenant has generally scored 90 to 94 in the ratings by Wine Advocate and Wine Spectator magazines.
The students sing, dance and play instruments to music while viewing PowerPoints, excerpts of concerts and books on the subject.
The Ping-Pong balls dropped them to fifth, a devastating blow at the time.
The first three weeks of the N.F.L.
Music Box Theater, 239 West 45th Street, (212) 239-6200, telecharge.com .
Ten of the most prestigious jewelry houses, including Cartier, Boucheron, Dior, Harry Winston, Piaget and Van Cleef & Arpels, will uncover their finest collections or have jewels exclusively made for the Biennale.
“One has to believe they looked at this and thought, ‘Why not just own it and take all the technology in house?
Ryan Zimmerman, the Virginia native who mans third base and who until now has been the anchor of the club, is 27.
Aides to Mr. Schneiderman said they did not enter into secret settlements when handling litigation against the state and did not view a sexual harassment case as a compelling exception.
Political unpredictability has caused farmland prices to plummet elsewhere in some of the world’s most fertile regions, including Russia, Ukraine and Argentina.
“We spent many hours with each of the firms talking about the concepts over a period of many months,” Mr. Levinson said.
“After we remove the implants, they can run around,” Dr. Scherson said.
And Dr. Thompson’s ice cores gave them evidence that climate had indeed changed drastically enough to send entire civilizations into collapse.
“He pitches,” said Suzuki, who came to the Nationals in an Aug. 3 trade from Oakland.
July 26 at 6:30 p.m. $4 to $8.
“That’s a strong statement in the sense of, is that holding a dancer back?
“You think of all sorts of cockamamie things to make it work.” But Mr. Schieb wasn’t enthusiastic about remaining.
From 2000 to 2010 , the white population of Allentown fell, shrinking to 43.2 percent in 2010 from 64.4 percent a decade earlier.
She had been senior vice president and activation director for advanced TV at MediaVest USA, part of the MediaVest division of the Starcom MediaVest Group, which is owned by the Publicis Groupe.
It’s been four years since Fannie and Freddie were taken into conservatorship.
This selection of his work from the second half of the ’60s tells a fascinating story of ambition, success and failure.
He was among those who died shielding someone else.
But People’s Tonight had the scoop: A child had been stabbed while its mother slept nearby.
The woodland road I walked down earlier this week, trying to stretch my arthritic legs before starting school for the day, is not the brown-crayon scribble my kids might have drawn as toddlers.
It was a one-stroke penalty, not a two-stroke.
One idea that has gained support among British critics of the European court is a “democratic override” to allow national parliaments to annul court rulings on some issues, including those that affect national security.
The music is early jazz, but the body language is cartoon-caveman, with slumps of the spine, arms and knees.
I saw them kill a man who refused to get in a truck with them.” It is not clear when the current burst of violence is going to let up.
Upstarts like the hackable, crowd-financed console Ouya or the head-mounted display called the Oculus Rift are interesting.
While it goes to health care settings, prisons, homeless shelters and senior service organizations, it does not go to schools or bars.
It is visible in the rising domestic violence rates, booming private security businesses and a seemingly unstoppable stream of foreclosures .
It’s hard to say if the Giants are this good or the Bucs are this bad.
For the first of its two Tully Hall appearances this season, the program includes Haydn’s Quartet in D (Op.
South Camden Theater Company, Waterfront South Theater, 400 Jasper Street.
A spokeswoman for the Senate Armed Services Committee declined to say what provisions that bill would contain, though she said the legislation might be made public in two weeks.
Ms. Rosenstock’s new musical, “Fly By Night,” is described as an edgy romantic comedy with a rock score, centered on three New Yorkers during the ’65 blackout.
Many others are voting the extremes.
Sales figures are not yet available in the United States, where this year State Representative Lisa Brown, a Democrat, was censored for saying “vagina” in the Michigan House of Representatives, and where more recently, Representative Todd Akin, Republican of Missouri, ascribed powers to female anatomy that he said could suppress the sperm of a rapist.
He won 69 percent of the vote in big cities and 58 percent of the vote in mid-sized cities.
But in the Dominican Republic, they are comrades.
The officers get a third day of training at the department’s Tactical Village.
An expansive rose opening its pink petals is high jewelry’s answer to luxe in a cool climate.
Kardashian Sisters Are krafting a kosmetics line for 2013.
Couples, 52, shoots 67 and is tied for lead at -5.
Craig ended up dismounting and walking the rest of the hill.
The myriad permutations in Euro 2012’s Group B for bedlam played out Sunday with Germany and Portugal advancing to the quarterfinals: Portugal squashed the Netherlands, 2-1, while Germany defeated and eliminated Denmark by the same score.
And there is really nothing to stop these board members from doing so, given their position and stated beliefs.
But in consideration of his case for Cooperstown, another name also comes to mind: Scott Boras.
(I know, too much information).
Sixteen racers were tossed from the challenging course.
Good thing Kyle helped design the plane.
Friday at noon; Tuesday through Thursday at 10:30 a.m. and noon; Saturday and Sunday at 1 p.m.; 79th Street and the West Drive, Central Park, (212) 988-9093, cityparksfoundation.org/swedish_cottage.html ; $8, or $5 for under 12.
The event takes place at Space Billiards, 34 W. 32nd Street, 12th Floor, this Sunday starting at 2 p.m.
The National Trust is finishing a two-year restoration of the house and will let in trial tour groups next month.
Nov. 16 through Dec. 8.
“As a bookish child in the far West,” she tells us, “I was given odds and ends — Dido pining on her flaming couch, Lewis and Clark mapping the wilderness — without one being set apart from the other as especially likely to impress or satisfy anyone.
Chelsea is wearing white, trimmed in blue and yellow across the chest and shoulders.
Unparalleled educator, proud veteran of WWII, active member of UFT, involved citizen, unwavering Giants fan, steadfast friend, indomitable spirit, uncle to many, teacher to more, the great and only love of the late Pixie Braunstein.
With these trivialities out of the way, I inquired about the carrot that brought me there, the $12,000 incentive for a 9-5.
Are those low ratings a concern?
For Children GARDEN CITY Long Island Children’s Museum Framed: Step Into Art, art recreated as three-dimensional, interactive environments; traveling exhibition.
It just doesn’t want its institutions to be legally required to pay for acts that it considers immoral, as the price of running hospitals at all.
When the Ravens have the ball Handoff.
During the second set, the group played the entirety of their debut, known as the Blue Album, released in 1994 when Mr. Cuomo was 23.
We’re looking for picks for any of the following: SP: Felipe Paulino Prospect Pitchers: Carlos Martinez, Trevor Bauer 1B: Mitch Moreland, Adam Dunn, Jesus Guzman 2B: Aaron Hill SS: Alcides Escobar OF: Alex Rios, Jason Kubel, Will Venable, Travis Snider There’s obviously a few “Last Year’s Bums” in there – last season we kept Dunn, Hill, Rios and Snider.
Johnson’s 2012 debut was delayed because of surgery on his knee in November.
He ran 14 to 15 miles on work days, longer on his days off, carrying a palm-sized stopwatch to record each mile.
This is not usually considered the highest compliment in the rough-and-rumble world of hockey, but with Lidstrom it is.
Gholston had three sacks in Ohio State’s 14-3 victory, and he beat Long for one sack, the first time all that season Long had given up a sack.
His Burning Man epiphany came one year when he put up an irregular grid of 16 blinking lights above his encampment to act as a beacon.
“We set up in Luxembourg because of the favorable taxes,” said Robert Hatta, who helped oversee Apple’s iTunes retail marketing and sales for European markets until 2007.
But what do you think is going to happen next?
The justice that “Lincoln” does to its complicated subject is necessarily flawed and incomplete.
The two carriers dominate the New York to London market with 15 daily flights and a shuttlelike schedule of departures every 20 or 30 minutes in the peak evening hours.
“It should not be seen as a precedent, especially in the case of a former provincial police commissioner, with hundreds of Chinese security forces assembled outside the consulate.” The consulate in Chengdu, with roughly 30 American officials, oversees visas and commercial affairs for southwestern China.
I thought that this was no different from an ordinary household that pawns its jewelry to get out of a crisis.
Kyle Jarrard is a senior editor at the International Herald Tribune.
Officers from the 106th Precinct rounded those men up, though three of them immediately obtained lawyers, “and are not speaking to us,” said Police Commissioner Raymond W. Kelly, who added that a lawyer for Mr. Zalevsky did contact the police.
•Teenagers aren’t so much rebellious as neurologically less capable of seeing things from another’s side (like why clean up a room?).
But the larger message for the Romney and Obama campaigns may be that voters are not going to be distracted from more serious concerns by seemingly trivial issues.
Mr. Cuomo said he would seek to resolve the issue with an executive order.
Now, in my first term, we doubled fuel efficiency standards on cars and trucks.
During the two weeks of Wimbledon, she would rush home from work at a dry cleaner so she could watch Murray’s matches on TV.
(Isherwood) ‘Newsies’ This Disney musical — adapted from the 1992 movie and inspired by the newsboy strike of 1899 — markets Urchin Appeal with extra!
NO NEED TO THANK ME.
Scarlatti’s sonatas, written for the harpsichord, have been embraced by generations of pianists for their charm, virtuosity and variety.
In lieu of flowers, donations may be sent to; The Isabella Stewart Gardner Museum, Boston, Escuela Agricola Pan Americana, Washington, D.C., or The Boston Museum of Science.
Ordinary flesh-and-blood moviegoers find ourselves very much between worlds.
In the late 1970s (’76 to ’79), Farías’s family moved to New York City so his sister Ana Karina could receive treatment for leukemia.
She listened as Clinton explained what had happened, and waited until there was silence on the other end of the line.
last week to pester them about this regulation — citing experts and research that says these devices could not harm a plane — the F.A.A.
In the aftermath of the losses, JPMorgan has reorganized its organization, part of an effort to quell investor anxiety.
Finally, the illusion that children’s behavior problems can be cured with drugs prevents us as a society from seeking the more complex solutions that will be necessary.
Give it a whirl, even though it’s a Saturday.
Mr. Kuusisto played an encore with the orchestra, a ruminative humoresque by Sibelius.
Lois was a kind, loving, generous, classy and beautiful woman who will be sorely missed.
Singling out cast members is almost unfair, since the opera is such an ensemble piece and the students were so uniformly good.
I think that the diversity of our student population is enhanced by the student-athletes that are here.” Cunningham said the academic issues, including an internal review revealing that athletes registered for 54 no-show classes in African and Afro-American studies, were now behind the program.
When a young adjutant attending a house party at Heydrich’s rural estate is murdered, Bernie is on the spot.
The violence — between supporters of Syria’s rebels and Lebanese co-religionists of that country’s president, Bashar al-Assad, who are loyal to the Damascus regime — lasted nearly a week and resulted in the deaths of 17.
The Thomson Reuters report finds, as you might expect, a surge of innovation, patents filed and litigation at Apple since the iPhone was introduced in 2007.
The fact that the buyers signed the contracts without ever flying to Miami to see the building -- Opera Tower -- speaks volumes about how eager, and desperate, Argentines have been to direct their money out of their country and into real estate in Miami and New York.
This has happened because the lawyers’ movement split into two factions after Mr. Musharraf’s fall: those emphasizing the rule of law and those seeking to use the judiciary as a rival to elected leaders.
In an interview in his office at the terminal, the co-op’s co-president, Matthew D’Arrigo, said the issue of including midsize regional growers had not come up in negotiations with the city, but “it’s there.” Mr. D’Arrigo said he was concerned that oversupply problems could worsen if midsize farmers were admitted.
A 2009 University of Michigan survey of ex-N.F.L.
Yet he has also lambasted “the complete lack of flexibility” of Spanish students, even in the midst of another recession that has pushed youth unemployment above 50 percent.
The chargers themselves can create different amounts of power when you crank them, and winding speed may factor in as well.
“I know, and everybody else knows, this guy is going to hit,” Hunter said.
The campaign, now under way, includes television and radio commercials as well as print, mobile, out-of-home and online ads.
The Democratic version of the legislation would create a specific pathway to citizenship through military or community service, effectively giving young illegal immigrants a step up on some legal immigrants.
Asked if the Knicks would be a factor in the Eastern Conference, he said: “Don’t know.
“There’s a lot of trust in Woman’s Day, and that trust is a big thing,” Ms. Kallenbach added.
First, New York Police Department personnel will still act as judges in these cases, and the department’s commissioner will remain the final arbiter.
Mr. Moussa, who would have been a more formidable contender, stayed out of the fray.
June 15 at 8 p.m. $49.50 to $250.
And there’s a precedent for the “Strips” in Richter’s “Color Charts,” similarly cheerful-looking products of chance and mathematical operations.
Sharon Cherop, 28, won the women’s race in 2:31:50, edging Jemima Jelagat Sumgong by two seconds.
Ms. Farrell had never previously staged the 1972 “Danses Concertantes” (misleadingly dated in the program as if this were Balanchine’s long-lost 1944 original).
“The president gave clear instructions to implement law and order, and that nobody is above the law, and no one has immunity whatever his rank is,” he added, referring to Mahmoud Abbas, the president of the Palestinian Authority.
EdX operates under an honor code, with no way to verify that the student who registered is the one doing the work.
“It is a culture that promotes teamwork and teaches boys to shrug it off.
She dodged it and went on talking,” said Mr. Vickers, whose aunt was canonized by the portrait photographer Madame Yevonde in a bird-themed study.
With gasoline prices reaching record highs across California over the last week, Gov.
Kazakhstan is one of four Central Asian nations led by largely unreformed, Soviet-style potentates who appear increasingly anachronistic after the Arab Spring uprisings in the Middle East and North Africa.
Depending on the price, however, they may have to forgo some further upside if the bonds continue to rally after the buyback.
But even here, in one of the crown jewels of Russian tourism, the roads are riddled with potholes.
She is scheduled to take over the role of Eva Per?uring Wednesday night performances, not during matinees.
“I told you I was working on my skills,” he said, smiling after the game.
On Sunday, the federal Department of Energy set up a toll free number that gas station owners can call to help them get temporary generators until power is restored.
But I believe when the full extent of the losses are known, thousands of these vehicles will be lost to the world.” The greatest concentration of losses, he said, appear to be in the New York area, particularly Long Island.
WHITE PLAINS The Play Group Theater “Footloose,” musical by Tom Snow, Dean Pitchford and Walter Bobbie.
The 22 seconds or so between Han being pushed and the train reaching him was about the same amount of time that Autrey had nearly six years earlier.
It opens as Jake (Seth Numrich), digging a grave, and his sister, Ruby (Libby Woodbridge), bicker heatedly over their unhappy lives.
The chaotic, packed pictures by Uma Krishnaswamy (a different person from the author), a combination of primary colors and black-and-white line drawings, have an old-fashioned, outdated feel to them.
He was stranded at second when Derek Jeter lined out to end the game.
Mr. Stern has never really been fazed by organized opposition to his raw and rude comedy, which has been labeled everything from shocking and offensive to outrageous and groundbreaking.
Among them: Parents’ own desire for a little coddling in this rough economy.
1:29 p.m. | Updated Europe agrees to impose oil embargo and other sanctions on Iran PARIS — As the European Union prepared to consider tough new sanctions against Iran on Monday, a group of eminent Americans was cozying up here to an exiled Iranian opposition group that the United States classifies as terrorists.
Dell and Hewlett-Packard got nods from Intel, but both of these companies face their own new competitive challengers from cheap producers of servers.
“They can hit them, make no mistake,” Collins said.
That is when they’re not quoting Chekhov.
What's Hot: Skin brighteners like Clinique's Even Better Clinical Dark Spot Corrector.
But in Hawaii, a Republican will usually need something extra.
But the pain persisted, and after testing the knee once more Saturday morning, Lin opted for immediate surgery.
“People know tomorrow’s election is a pretty big deal, with implications going beyond just our state,” said Shari Jensen, 45, an occupational therapist at a local hospital who favors Mr. Barrett.
Add to the quinoa mixture and stir everything together.
This is the Yenta of the Senate.
Nearly 14 percent of all households in Santa Clara and San Mateo Counties earn more than $200,000 a year, just below the 16 percent of households in Manhattan.
And part of the way to do it is to not give tax breaks to companies that are shipping jobs overseas.
Mr. Hoffman’s pursuit of handmade teas and artisanal growers in China was the subject of a 2007 documentary, “All in This Tea,” by Les Blank and Gina Leibrecht, filmmakers who are documenting the rise of his compound, which he calls the Last Resort.
While the government’s findings would remove the darkest cloud looming over Mr. Corzine — the threat of criminal charges — the former Goldman Sachs chief is not yet in the clear.
He either has short-term memory loss, or he’s a hypocrite.”
More about that later today!
She is an applied behavior analyst and a behavior therapist at the McCarton Center, a school and research facility in New York.
Grounds for Sculpture, 18 Fairgrounds Road.
But the synod’s voting procedures require two-thirds majorities in each of its three “houses”: bishops, clergy and laity.
The Answer Starts With a Salad Bar RICHARD H. THALER A professor of economics and behavioral science at the Booth School of Business at the University of Chicago.
The pilots had other actors in the roles eventually given to Mr. Reiner and Ms. Struthers, and their scenes are, to be polite, flat.
Favoring insinuation over investigation, the documentary “Girl Model” is as much a tease as the profession it portrays.
Feb. 12 at 3 p.m. Free.
I think his makeup is perfect for it, with his power stuff — power fastball, power breaking ball — and his demeanor on the mound.
A number of them said that technological progress at least partly explained why having more education had brought increasingly higher returns.
The health insurance exchanges are online marketplaces where individuals and small businesses can buy coverage starting in 2014.
He remained the chief of China’s military until late 2004, which led to impatience among many party officials.
After many years of steep declines, overall music sales are starting to level off in many parts of the world, or at least not fall quite so hard.
I wanted the aesthetic to be connected with the cause — very industrial and utilitarian,” she said.
Most American taxpayers don’t have foreign bank accounts or partnerships in the Cayman Islands, but many get a foreign tax credit because they own mutual funds that invest on foreign exchanges.
The two insignia were created by the rapper Jay-Z , who owns part of the team, and designed to resemble the black-and-white tiles and typeface of old New York subway stations.
“Somehow that got ingrained in my DNA.” She also likes to cook at home and is choosy about her kitchenware, particularly the kettle, “because you use it every day,” she said.
The Florida Gators appeared rocked by Texas A&M’s initial burst of energy, caught by the Aggies’ intent to make an immediate impact in the Southeastern Conference and their own struggles to forge their identity.
Employees: 100-plus (up from 60 in 2010).
Since deal-making slowed after the financial crisis, it may be some time before a new buyout breaks into the list below.
And to think this is all going to be done one day, probably sooner than later, and I’ll have to face reality.
Because of lax enforcement of the nation’s environmental regulations, factories dump and discharge highly toxic substances in local waterways or in ways that could cause significant health problems.
In a statement, the Metropolitan Taxicab Board of Trade called the proposed plan “lopsided” and accused Mr. Yassky of “retaliating against the taxi leasing companies” for their legal challenges to the city’s plan for livery street hail service in the boroughs outside Manhattan.
Terry’s father, Pinscher, is the alpha male in this kennel, but his brothers Malamute and Greyhound have their talents, and even Grandpa Shep, who is gaga, can still lift a wallet.
But there were things the show continued to get right, and if Ms. Sedgwick had not decided to move on, it’s likely that it could have reached double digits in seasons.
Sociologists define a neighborhood as being in “extreme poverty” if 40 percent or more residents are poor, and Wilson showed that from 1970 to 1980 in the five largest American cities, the number of poor people living in extreme poverty almost tripled.
Bushnell Center for the Performing Arts, 166 Capitol Avenue.
Some imagined themselves being chased by such a robot, which could outpace many human runners, especially over a long distance.
Abortion rates in the St. Louis area rose to 13.4 per 1000 women in 2010; in the study group, they amounted to 5.9 per 1,000.
The school offers many programs in life sciences and humanities, as well as engineering and science.
From left, Morley Safer, Dan Rather, Mike Wallace and Don Hewitt, who created the program.
Until the last minute, at least some people within the central bank doubted whether the offer would resonate with banks.
Her four-inch teats are “old-fashioned,” according to Stanley Ward, who has worked at the farm for 13 years.
They do something similar, if more ethereally, later in the show, in “Rain,” a painting that is a tour de force of colluding materiality and illusion.
Degas as a young man studied Rembrandt prints, copied at least one and made others imitating Rembrandt-type effects.
This time, however, he showed up two days before Dr. Wen expected him, bringing with him an engagement ring.
Mr. McGovern had opposed American involvement in the war in Vietnam and, as the 1972 Democratic presidential nominee, had lost in a landslide to Richard M. Nixon.
(Like “The Game of Their Lives,” “Crossing the Line” was written and directed by Daniel Gordon, with Mr. Bonner receiving a producing credit.)
More than anything, the relentless sparring and stalemate has engendered a deep sense of disappointment among Romanians in the promise of their young democracy and disillusionment in their political leadership.
About how this team — this logo — symbolized something more.
Prime Minister Mario Monti condemned the “numerous acts of intimidation and aggression” against the national tax collection agency, Equitalia.
Where: 16/2 Inya Road, Kamayut Township; (95-1) 537-907; inyaspa.com .
Don’t even get me started.” Chiew Kuang, a fuzzy-haired 23-year-old who grew up in East Oakland, approached the exam room doors quietly.
Everybody, including regular officials, expects the seven-member replacement crews to improve.
Then I took a deep breath and used my imagination .
It was hard to tell which looked less enviable: the producers’ workplace or the cast members’.
On New Jersey’s state e-book consortium, 375 people were waiting for a copy recently.
“They call it, ‘one of the few large pre-Revolutionary houses still standing in New York City,’” Ms. Wolfe said.
It was a different kind of hockey, the kind played by the Detroit Red Wings and, increasingly, by the Vancouver Canucks — fast, clean, skilled and a joy to watch.
Click on the word below to map it and hear it pronounced:
Suddenly we were tearing across the desert.
Far from being fixed on a page, the sonatas live anew in the hands of each performer who comes to them with integrity and passion.
The hope is that the 35-year-old Moss can provide a downfield threat.
Leonard Lin, 29, got obvious bragging rights, while one group tried to figure out if he attended its church.
Black figures are no longer asking to “jine de boys,” nor do they denounce Lincoln in her later items; rather, with emancipation on the horizon, they are armed and turning into “brutal fiends, whose reeking knives/Would spare nor sex, nor youth, nor age.” The result would be that “wholesale murder clot our land.” Solomons notebook presents a vision of the murder resulting from arming blacks as terrifyingly different from the bloodshed the war was already engaged in.
US Airways did not respond to requests for comment.
The legislation also aims to keep future homes and businesses out of harm’s way by authorizing state and local regulatory officials to consider rising sea levels when evaluating plans for new development.
The Fireplace Room, with an antique marble hearth from France, is intimate, with six tables in a baroque setting.
Farther-reaching new relations of data sets, however, may come from start-up companies and grass-roots hackers.
Rosin is not saying that women are winners in a global gender war or that they are doing super simply because men are doing worse.
Please use only your first name.
It was outlawed by the Catholic Church during the Middle Ages.
The man was kidding, he said finally.
Instead, they say, he just wins.
The bench coach Chris Speier will manage the Reds until Baker returns for the playoffs.
Everything depends on how we understand leisure.
That measure was signed by Gov.
The app comes from PredictionMachine.com , a site that handicaps sporting events.
A SOMALI proverb says that a woman should be either married or in her grave.
The two-page letter said that Mr. Romney, 65, takes Lipitor daily to lower cholesterol in part because of a family history of cardiac issues, including heart attacks.
“I wouldn’t say it’s true among the faculty.” Ivy Leagues, he said, still shy from teaching military history, although that is changing.
Football is one of the few things in Rubio’s life that allow him to take his mind off everything else, he says.
In the midst of this upheaval, Sholom Rubashkin, the chief executive of Agri, was charged with providing funds for fake ID cards for workers; later, he was also charged with defrauding banks of millions of dollars.
“I didn’t have street names.
I know friends’ artwork, but not really old, expensive art.
Two presidents — one Democrat, one Republican — tried unsuccessfully for more than a decade to cut back or eliminate a fund for closing abandoned coal mines that had become a piggy bank for Western states.
It’s push as in boundary pushing.
While American officials deny a role in lethal activities, the United States is believed to engage in other covert efforts against the Iranian nuclear program.
The deputy reached for his stun gun but accidentally grabbed his handgun and fired.
As I recall, this was during the last of her phone calls, and I haven't heard from her since.
(It must be thoroughly miserable being a B.C.C.I.
April 20 at 8 p.m. $25 to $45.
The agency also concluded that St. Jude did not adequately follow up on problems it identified in the manufacturing process, and also did not properly investigate some complaints about the lead.
In addition to distinctive embroidery, artisans in Ludiya do intricate wood carvings, paint colorful wall murals and exhibit expert white-mud mosaics.
may be a piece of the puzzle — but it is only a piece.
(Rooney) ‘The Merchant of Venice’ (closes on Sunday) This Theater Breaking Through Barriers production handles the anger of Shakespeare’s play far better than the comedy (2:00).
But the department said there were legal and technical difficulties in sharing the information.
Ten days ago, Jonathan Evans — the director general of MI5, Britain’s domestic security service — offered a heavily qualified statement of reassurance .
Volunteers packed into cars to head out to distribution locations around the city and in New Jersey.
Titled “Dance in the City,” “Dance in the Country” and “Dance at Bougival,” they show twirling couples whose moves and outfits reinforce their specific locales (Paris and villages on its outskirts).
Friends may call Friday 2-5 and 7-9pm at Frank E. Campbell, 1076 Madison Ave. at 81st St. Mass of Christian burial Saturday, March 24 at 9:30am, Holy Trinity Church, 213 West 82nd St., NYC.
I doubt this last part, though.
Considered a mainstay of Spanish-language entertainment, telenovelas run five nights a week and require a breakneck production pace.
But other schools have taken the approach of St. Stephen, by reinventing themselves with new features to bring higher-income students into the fold.
“Like the fact that banks love the perks that come with being too big to fail.” U.S. SHAREHOLDERS SUE LLOYDS American shareholders say that they were misled over the bank’s rescue of HBOS in the depths of the financial crisis in 2008.
Newt Gingrich never saw it ending this way.
“Unique” means “one of a kind.” Even in an informal context, adding a modifier like “pretty” or “very” undermines the meaning of the word.
“His attitude was that if someone at Apple can dream it up, then we should apply for a patent, because even if we never build it, it’s a defensive tool,” said Nancy R. Heinen, Apple’s general counsel until 2006.
A new 3.8 percent Medicare surtax on investment income for some individuals will add to the other tax increases in 2013, she added.
They found a two-bedroom apartment with an office at 37 Wall Street for $5,400.
The longer Spain must pay high rates simply to raise the money needed to handle the government’s basic operations, the deeper into debt it will go and the more likely it will ultimately need the biggest European bailout yet.
The Word of the Day and its definitions have been provided by Vocabulary.com and the Visual Thesaurus .
A. I hear that all the time.
“If the employer wants to say, ‘This candidate is good or bad for our business and therefore good or bad for you, the employee, that’s permissible — that’s protected by the First Amendment,” Professor Volokh said.
Nothing jumped out until he saw a weather forecast about a new storm that may hit the hurricane-scarred East Coast on Wednesday.
Johnny Feds and da Bluez Boyz, blues.
Think of that boy in that dark dungeon, having no hope, no light.
“They’ve given us a sense of stability and opportunity going forward.” Windcrest’s tax revenue has increased 10 percent every year since Rackspace acquired the mall, and the city expects to be debt-free by 2014.
Add another ladleful or two of the stock and continue to cook in this fashion, adding more stock and stirring when the rice is almost dry.
Mr. Beyene’s stem cells were obtained from his bone marrow.
If people work and invest more in response to tax cuts, their reported income will rise when marginal rates fall.
The décor remains: skinny counters and a wall papered in vintage Thai record sleeves, a pageant of hearts, flames and fluffy-haired boys in floppy collars.
Demonstrators in Britain are threatening to destroy some genetically modified wheat being grown in a research trial near London .
Brahms had studied the works of Bach intensely, particularly the Chaconne of the Second Partita for solo violin.
“The banks are going to scream bloody murder when retailers try to obtain banking charters,” he said.
Meanwhile, over at TaskRabbit, customers seek workers to fetch their groceries, set up their home theaters and, in one case, sew 50 dog booties with Velcro ankle fasteners for a puffy little bichon frisé.
Andrew M. Cuomo , a Democrat, recently established an insurance exchange by executive order after Republicans in the State Senate blocked legislation.
We were well prepared for what they wanted to do.” The Jets allowed the Rams to march 86 yards for a touchdown on St. Louis’s opening possession but then forced three turnovers and allowed only a late, consolation touchdown the rest of the way.
It was the idea of being respectful of the other person even in the midst of vehement disagreement.
“All I knew was that Justin was running a summer camp — that’s all he had to say,” Ms. Holguin said.
Dr. Hirsch is the author of a number of books on education, including “Cultural Literacy: What Every American Needs to Know,” a best seller based on the idea that American schools were teaching children to read in a vacuum, without introducing the background knowledge the children would need to digest higher-level material.
By the end of that period, the achievement gap by income had grown by 40 percent, he said, while the gap between white and black students, regardless of income, had shrunk substantially.
When the Giants took part in their conditioning run Thursday afternoon, the most daunting question was whether receiver Hakeem Nicks was still on schedule to return to action from his broken foot by mid-August.
But in an age when it’s possible to outsource the entire affair, some couples are now forging bonds while forging their own gold, oxy-propane torches in hand, to create DIY wedding bands.
and Avio have deep ties.
We can all name a dozen or so hypotheses about why they kill: their parents’ unlocked gun cabinet, easy access to weapons on the Internet, over- or under-medication, violent video games and TV programs, undiagnosed or misdiagnosed mental disorders, abusive or indifferent parents, no stable social network, bullying.
Follow Lens on Facebook and Twitter .
And once the event began, about 3,000 riders were stranded for hours in a major bicyclist bottleneck on the Brooklyn-Queens Expressway.
It could cost you: using profanity carries a $25 fine; $50 for a second offense, according to the student handbook.
THE UPSHOT A playful, arty and affordable alternative to South Lake Tahoe’s bleaker options.
Ms. Warren is known as a fierce critic of the banks, many of which are vigorously opposing her candidacy.
It’s more of a novelty to have all those people together.” She added, “You want to extend it as long as you can.” But even couples who often see their friends find it appealing to take a vacation with them after the wedding.
In the end, it was Rooney’s night.
“I don’t think people should be happy to be a clone.” On Wednesday, for Ms. Mastroianni’s fashion show, she wore a red-and-black banded version of her habitual toque matched to a dress cut and stitched from a rhythmically striped length of tribal cloth.
(He said that a previous December had been profitable because of holiday parties and banquets.)
The audience, though not large, gave a standing ovation to Ms. Budd and Mr. Del Tredici, still following his bliss.
season (in the space of six-minute games).
If you go back in history, in ’94-95 I think we played 48 games.
NEW YORK TIMES British Regulator Fines Credit Suisse Executive | The Financial Services Authority has fined Nicholas Kyprios, head of European credit sales at Credit Suisse, for disclosing confidential client information, the latest in a number of prominent actions by the British regulator.
That does not imply that nothing is known.
A handful of people were detained .
There is in some cases resentment between the enclaves and neighborhoods that surround them, which are often demographically very different.
But without the bombings, the Nubans would be able to farm and feed themselves and wouldn’t need a refugee camp.
If so, what would I need to do it?
A rare interview session with Dave DeGuglielmo, the Jets’ offensive line coach, opened in contentious fashion Thursday when he said that he expected to fulfill his league-mandated media responsibilities during the Jets’ bye week, when the region was reeling from Hurricane Sandy and when the facility was closed to reporters.
The most dramatic pair, hot pink and black lace-up evening sandals, look outrageously expensive but are, at $550, a step in the right direction.
Google said on Friday that it would not comply with a White House request to reconsider the anti-Islam video that has set off violent protests in the Arab world in light of its rules banning hate speech on YouTube, which it owns.
It turns out that many parents and children want this close contact.
Tom Ahern, a spokesman for the ATF, told reporters the suspect was a 40-year-old old white male.
JOSHUA WYNER, Executive Director, College Excellence Program; The Aspen Institute, Washington The Tuition Jackpot My wife and I were eating dinner with our 2-year-old son when the Kalamazoo Promise scholarship was announced on the local news.
“The bridge is a real work of art, and the aquarium is great, but for some of these buildings you just have to ask, What was all that money spent for?”
IT was an idyllic Vermont view from halfway up Burke Mountain.
One values precision and orderliness; the other considers jugaad — the overcoming of scarcity through improvisation — to be a point of pride.
Under the terms of the deal, DaVita, based in Denver, will pay $3.66 billion in cash and $758 million in its own stock to purchase HealthCare Partners, the company said.
New York City rolls out a red carpet for Frieze.
“You hate to see the organization slowly bleed away its staffing and its talent,” said Daniel Borochoff, the president of CharityWatch , a nonprofit organization that rates charities.
And Mr. Gingrich had hoped to announce the endorsement of Donald Trump, who instead endorsed Mitt Romney Wednesday.
Ms. McMahon spent $50 million to try to win the seat in 2010, only to lose to a former Connecticut attorney general, Richard Blumenthal, by 12 points in a year that saw Republicans make large gains nationwide.
But Washington knew that the longtime defense minister, Field Marshal Mohamed Hussein Tantawi, and his chief of staff, Sami Hafez Anan, still wielded considerable power and were reliable allies.
Peninsula Public Library, 280 Central Avenue.
In the Financial District, the Plaza San Martín is dominated by a statue of the general who led Argentina to independence; Plaza Chile has the best children’s playground; Plaza Italia is dedicated to the country that gave Mendoza so many immigrants (there is a statue of Romulus and Remus and a fountain with 1,400 ceramic tiles from the Cathedral of Bologna ); and Plaza España, with its green spaces, is arguably the most beautiful of all.
And anyway, they’ve all been predicting turmoil for ages.
PLEASANTVILLE Richard G. Rosenthal Jewish Community Center Hanukkah Concert, the Kol Rinah Chorale.
A few blocks over, Dan O’Brien opened a supper club and food shop called Seasonal Pantry (1314 Ninth Street; 202-713-9866; seasonalpantry.com ) last June with Ali Bagheri.
I sound like a real d*** right now, don’t I?
The United States is increasingly a multiracial society, with white students accounting for just over half of all students in public schools, down from four-fifths in 1970.
The Thunder, despite the effectiveness of Durant and Westbrook from midrange, take only 34 percent of their shots from that area of the court, well below the N.B.A average.
The Dow Jones industrial average was up 26.49 points, or 0.22 percent, at 12,127.95.
British high school graduates need the GCSE to gain access to employment and further education.
Reservation change fees for those tickets alone added an extra $2.3 billion to domestic airline revenue in 2010, according to the Transportation Department’s Bureau of Transportation Statistics.
But the evidence for other popular herbal options was lacking.
Choom means ''to smoke marijuana,'' the book says, and as an active member of the Choom Gang, ''Barry Obama was known for starting a few pot-smoking trends.''
So let’s forgo millions more votes cast until advocates somehow “prove a negative” — the impossibility of fraud?
There are garage-rock guitars and analog synthesizers, vintage drum samples and shoegazer distortion, string sections and abstract sounds running forward and backward.
And, in an unfortunate coincidence, on Thursday, the day before Mr. Yauch’s death, a lawsuit was filed against the group in federal court, raising those same legal issues.
IN 1946, a British newspaper shocked its readers by running an article with this ominous-sounding headline: “Nearly Half of U.K. Student Grades Are Below Average.” Read that back to yourself slowly, and you’ll realize, of course, that the law of averages would have it no other way.
It can also reaffirm the status quo, for better or worse.
Made by the Cotal company, it could be considered an ancestor of semiautomatics like Porsche ’s Tiptronic.
Mr. Bush inherited his money and Mr. Kerry married into it, yet the Bush campaign managed to paint Mr. Kerry as out of touch and Mr. Bush as an average guy.
Opponents argue that drilling in the Arctic would be reckless because long periods of darkness and powerful flows of ice would make a cleanup of any spill difficult if not impossible.
a position in the president’s cabinet, it also called for consolidating the agency into a sort of super-Commerce Department, where some fear its voice will be lost among the din of competing — and more powerful — interests.
In “Sleepyhead,” the better of the two, someone is killing women by inducing strokes.
But Mr. Koepp dismissed shortcuts, like ferrying Mr. Gordon-Levitt and his bike on a moving vehicle.
(The government calculates a similar statistic, the U-4 rate, with different criteria for discouraged workers, and found it to be 8.9 percent in January, seasonally adjusted.)
The investigation was prompted by 25 complaints from owners to the agency.
“It was a fun contrast to Ms.” And Ms. was hard work.
For example, in the Fukushima disaster, thick walls made it difficult to control robots that were designed to communicate wirelessly with human operators.
The mattress maker Sealy faced another round of investor criticism over its corporate governance on Friday for appearing to allow Kohlberg Kravis Roberts to wield deep influence over its board.
The agency said in an announcement that it was sending negotiators to Tehran on Dec. 13, the first such meeting since August.
Mr. Haksar reminds us how little of this book is a sex tutorial and how much of it is an intricate and surprisingly modern guide to the art of living.
At the bar, Mr. Leutz said he was inspired by Dr. Chien to go after one of the most enduring marks in gaming: a 1983 world record of 33,273,520 points on one quarter in Q*bert , which requires about 70 hours of continuous play.
Thursdays, Fridays and Sundays, 1 to 4 p.m. Conklin House Gallery, 2 High Street.
Are players aware of the wagering?
There were portable heaters to keep the quarters warm, and a television, allowing the off-duty workers to catch their college and professional football teams’ games.
The campaign, which began on May 4, carries the assertive theme “Imax is believing,” replacing a blander one, “Experience it in Imax.” The change in themes underlines the shift in focus Imax wants to make: urging people to watch an Imax large-format movie for emotional rather than rational reasons.
Hunter Pence slipped a single to left, and Brandon Belt drew a walk against reliever Drew Smyly.
Another person confirmed the loan discussions, but could not verify the amount.
All my properties have been profitable since Day 1 except Menton.
The greens — even the ones in the middle of the range that are not designed for putting — are similar, so players on the range can determine, for example, how quickly their short iron shots will spin back on the course.
(“Well-Tempered Clavier” was originally written as a collection of student pieces.)
That is well ABOVE the tight Margin!
“And you wonder why single women don’t turn out to vote.” The economy has damped enthusiasm among even core members of Mr. Obama’s base.
DealBook » Taibbi’s Bank of America Takedown | “They’re out of control, yet they’ll never do time or go out of business, because the government remains creepily committed to their survival, like overindulgent parents who refuse to believe their 40-year-old live-at-home son could possibly be responsible for those dead hookers in the backyard,” Matt Taibbi writes in Rolling Stone.
Higher taxes, lower wages and soaring unemployment, which has hit 22 percent, have crippled Greek households and raised public support for anti-bailout parties like the leftist Syriza, which came in second in last week’s elections on a pledge to tear up the loan deal, and which dismissed the coalition’s efforts to win over the public as a “publicity stunt,” saying that it will ultimately honor the debt deal.
But for now: Greatest basketball player = Jordan.
Location : New York City.
The Soviets’ 51-50 victory ended the Americans’ domination (a 63-0 Olympic record) and opened the world’s eyes to the potential of international teams and talent in a sport that was born in the United States.
At 9 and 10:30 p.m., Cornelia Street Café, 29 Cornelia Street, Greenwich Village, (212) 989-9319, corneliastreetcafe.com ; $10 cover, with a $10 minimum.
Spoken Word COLD SPRING Chapel of Our Lady Restoration Sunset Reading Series, featuring Andrew Blackwell.
1, published by the New York State Bar Association, One Elk Street, Albany, NY 12207.
The usual socialist prescription of nationalization of industry was applied, but Allende also looked to an unexpected quarter: the relatively new and niche science of cybernetics.
Sixteen states sued Apple and four publishers on Wednesday and have reached a settlement with two publishers.
And there were crucifixes everywhere.
“There’s not a lot of cost, either financially, morally, legally or criminally in doing this,” Mr. Bell said.
And it could tighten guarantees of due process.
“Even parents pay more attention to their children if they are paying the school fees.” Still, private school owners said they were worried about the Right to Education law that took effect in April 2010, because it requires all schools – public and private – to have far bigger classrooms and playgrounds than most schools have today.
WHY do some think that the 55-photograph slide show might have been created “with a subversive wink”?
Mr. Romney’s remarks, made in an interview with CBS News on a national holiday, prompted renewed criticisms that he was willing to adjust his views for political expediency.
But those like Mr. Pelette who get no treatment can become so dehydrated that they go into shock and swiftly die.
In last Tuesday’s presidential election, a number of polling firms that conduct their surveys online had strong results.
Though who on earth comes up with these rhythmless programs?
This year’s elections will clear up the remaining questions.
Or a family film that works on different levels for older and younger viewers, the way Pixar releases do.
The developers and companies were sent stern cease-and-desist letters by Craigslist’s law firm, Perkins Coie .
We'll honor the moment with a reading of a classic New York City ballpark novel, Mark Harris's ''Bang the Drum Slowly.''
“To do that you have to do three things: You need a wide-angle lens, around the 24-millimeter setting; you want a small aperture, around F16, and you focus one-third into the scene.
Traffickers are using a variety of methods to get their drugs through.
But Mr. Gurung indeed seemed confident, or unconcerned, anyway, about the pressure he faced today at his noontime show.
“Their factories in La Coruña have a finite capacity to respond quickly.
Mr. Christie is considered a rising national star in a party still dominated by socially conservative voters who oppose same-sex marriage.
According to the NBC affiliate, WAVE-TV , a 20-month-old toddler, who was badly injured in a field on Friday and rushed by helicopter to Kosair Children’s Hospital in Louisville, is in critical condition.
The three bedrooms are upstairs.
During the 18-day uprising Egyptians shared with me a litany of grievances ranging from a lack of affordable housing to poor health services.
Pointed questions about oversight of its athletic program were raised at Penn State’s faculty senate meeting last month, and faculty involvement is the subject of a national meeting of the Coalition on Intercollegiate Athletics at the University of Tulsa this weekend.
Recently, however, there have been rumblings within the medical profession that suggest that the enthusiasm for early diagnosis may be waning.
“Beat the Heat !” came from one pocket of the crowd before spreading throughout the arena.
Neil: It would have been fun if we weren’t getting married.
On one wall was a portrait of a lama in red robes.
Gaza medical officials said the five agricultural workers suffered light to moderate wounds and were not in a life-threatening condition.
Eric Mangini begins his campaign to return to the sideline by stealing Bill Cowher’s cellphone.
What does matter is our net international investment position, the value of the overseas assets owned by all domestic residents minus the value of all domestic assets owned by foreign residents.. Now, this ties right in with what Brad said about the burden of the debt: we’d all agree that deficits make us poorer if they crowd out investment spending — which they would if the economy were near full employment, but won’t if we’re deeply depressed.
The employment gains were not spread equally.
This week, remembering it is operating in the attention deficit era, Lionsgate will introduce a new Facebook game and, separately, a virtual tour of the Capitol in a Web partnership with Microsoft.
They’ll get real numbers, the ones used for budgeting, in January.
Revenue last year fell about 5 percent, to $99.77 billion, from $104.84 billion a year earlier.
“They want a cooling-off period.” Aides to the House Republican whip, Representative Kevin McCarthy of California, said they detected no urgency in taking up legislation.
Now, a new study reports that the zombie-ant fungus itself faces attack by another fungus.
“It almost broke me,” he admitted.
Was that Mr. Handelsman’s work in the woods, those snarls of brush against the tree trunks?
For now, the answer is no.
FRONT PAGE Because of an editing error, an article on Friday about Iranian warplanes’ firing at an American military surveillance drone referred incorrectly to part of a broadened list of Iranian individuals and institutions affected by sanctions against Iran.
The piece is immaculate, manicured, its untouchableness conveyed by the very perfection of its presentation.
A couple of years later, when our twins, Magdalene and Henry, were 5, our Djiboutian Somali neighbors began suggesting that my next pregnancy was long overdue.
“Do you know who died?” She looked up at me again.
“I think it’s because we knew that we had to say goodbye to our old customers if we were going to survive,” Mr. Krick said.
Getty Images also hosts a Flickr Collection on its own Web site that displays the work of Flickr members who have been invited to contribute.
For a party obsessed with secrecy and the sheen of stability, the past five weeks have been especially roiling.
Maddie (Rainey Qualley, Ms. MacDowell’s daughter), a beautiful, poised 16-year-old, is furious at being wrenched out of school with no notice and forced to make new friends.
In the run-up the current election Mumbai has seen a flurry of campaigning by each of the three main contestants; the Congress party – Nationalist Congress Party (NCP) alliance, the BJP-Shiv Sena alliance and the regional Maharashtra Navnirman Sena (MNS).
“I wouldn’t call anything we’ve done a failure until we put them all together,” said Dr. Thomas A. Farley , the health commissioner, who believes the soda rule will work together with the previous efforts.
The memories of your kindness, quick wit and enthusiasm for life will remain ours to cherish.
“In the foreground, you can see a gravel field,” Dr. Grotzinger said.
“I’ve looked at this law.
“And football is about scoring.” Of course, in the beginning, Chelsea might have disagreed.
One photo showed Ms. Casiraghi, in sneakers and without makeup, ostensibly leaving his Paris apartment on Sunday afternoon, the day after she arrived.
“We are being asked to perpetuate a narrative of victimhood that evades the central Jewish question of our age: the question of how to ethically wield Jewish power,” he writes.
We retraced our path for a few miles, back past the apple trees (the hawks were gone), and followed the Sure River along the border, crossing over a short bridge to touch our wheels in Wallendorf, Germany, before continuing south on the Luxembourg side.
“You can’t open papers without reading about some style trend that started in Brooklyn or some new restaurant that everyone is talking about.
At a “counter-jihad” rally in Stockholm this month by European and U.S. far-right groups fewer than 200 people turned up and they were outnumbered by anti-racist protesters.
Tactus, the Manhattan School of Music ’s student contemporary-music ensemble, performed the work and other 20th-century pieces during its concert in the school’s Greenfield Hall on Tuesday evening, with the oboist standing on an elevated platform, as stipulated by Stockhausen, to achieve both visual and auditory, well, cross-play.
“We think there were staff that were making drugs available to the population,” said Brian M. Hughes, the county executive.
“I’ve been stamped a legitimate writer.” Hayhurst often changes players’ names in print so he can write more candidly, but he has never been ashamed to question the herd.
Or, Europe could let Greece default on its debts, leave the euro and start looking for a lot of used printing presses.
“In 2009, we had our largest year in registrations” for the exam, Ms. Alcorn said, which rose 70 percent compared with 2008.
We’re told that for every job they bring in, that creates five more jobs.
“Terri was more than a great businesswoman,” Mr. Pandit said in an e-mail to staff on Wednesday.
With their emphasis on bright, acid colors and ghetto-fabulous outfits, the paintings borrowed heavily from the work of Barkley Hendricks, although Mr. Wiley’s contribution was to push things in a more bombastic direction, hijacking the format of old master portraits.
So that I think helped really develop my game at an early age.” McGinnis said he learned at Douglass by watching two former New Mexico Lobos — Richard Ellis, who was called Boo, and Mel Daniels, who won two A.B.A.
Kate Moss, for instance, has had enough tabloid scrapes to rival Paris Hilton, so Mr. Enninful cast her as a nun in a spread shot by Steven Klein.
Monday has a gambling problem and, as he freely confesses, issues with impulse control.
We’re seated and getting ready to go.
Mr. Romney was the choice of 37 percent of all likely voters.
The more out of fashion he became, the more he drew attention to himself through words.
However, Dr. Andrew Kolodny, chairman of the psychiatry department at Maimonides Medical Center in Brooklyn, said the suggestion that patients would suffer as a result of the additional controls was “totally bogus.” Instead, he said, patients might benefit from closer monitoring, as they would have to visit their doctors every three months, rather than every six months.
As has often been the case with Moriah's movies, Rabbi Hier is both a writer and a producer.
He once proposed a 10 percent tax on private donations to political campaigns and also capping spending on elections, abolishing PACs and tightening regulations.
Sal Paradise ( Sam Riley ), Kerouac’s alter ego, assiduously takes notes during his adventures, and his astutely selected voice-over readings of short passages from the novel fuse with the jagged visual rhythms.
The suburbs, or banlieues , fall into two categories: the “chic,” like Neuilly to the west, where former President Nicolas Sarkozy was once mayor, and the “troubled” like those in Seine-St.-Denis, or Department “93,” to the north and east, which won notoriety as an area rocked by riots and car burnings in 2005.
Burroughs, who grew up in New Jersey, has won 38 straight freestyle matches since leaving the University of Nebraska.
But as Hollywood movies and bitter experience teach us, family dinners are often the site of the greatest family friction, especially on holidays, when even the most grown-up siblings may slip into old roles and reprise ancient conflicts.
The French Constitutional Council on Tuesday struck down a draft law that would have criminalized the denial of an Armenian genocide by the Ottoman Turks, legislation that has soured relations between France and Turkey .
She never went to the bathroom, and that is how she got all those interviews.
Viewing at Fairchild Funeral Home, Garden City, NY 2-4 and 7-9pm on Sunday, March 11.
“We go on to new horizons, with new generations, with new blood that has long been awaited.” The powers Mr. Morsi assumed on Sunday allow him to select a new panel to write Egypt’s constitution, if the current panel cannot finish their work.
It is pulling back combat troops a year early, by the end of 2013.
In contrast, the economy was still in its deepening downward spiral more than three years after the 1929 crash.
He is now raising money to start a cord-blood bank there.
(Mr. Baker, who is Catholic, made the sign of the cross after his bubbly baptism.)
The British bank, which earns most of its profits in Asia, said the payment would be on top of the $340 million it agreed in August to pay to the New York State Department of Financial Services after it charged Standard Chartered with scheming with Iranian companies and banks for nearly a decade to circumvent American sanctions against Iran.
The political news cycle, he writes, “is being driven by a fixation on any sign of distress in either campaign.
Mr. de Guindos, however, dismissed the idea that Spain came close to a financing collapse last month.
Professor Barnett, for his part, insists that if the health law is struck down, it will not “threaten the foundation of the New Deal.” But, he allowed, it would be “a huge symbolic victory for limited government.”
Shows begin at 6:30 p.m., with cushioned seating available on nearby stairs and benches; hudsonwarehouse.net .
While 75 percent of the oil is in the south, the pipeline to export it runs through the north.
Philip Marshall said that given the scrutiny the estate had undergone, he was surprised to learn that JPMorgan had not yet found all of his grandmother’s money.
But nearly everyone shared the same impression, that the sure-footed leader of his political family was unable to sway this story line, try as he might.
Riding in an open carriage through central London on Tuesday with crowds lining the streets, she was accompanied by her eldest son and heir, Prince Charles, and his second wife, Camilla, the Duchess of Cornwall.
Inside the elevator, the groomsmen found a YouTube video on fixing elevators.
The police were also urged to start the operation at night, but interpreted the chancellor’s comments as a demand to begin removing the tents at 3 p.m. Friday, just a few days after they were erected.
Full marriage rights began speeding toward approval last month, when Ms. Gregoire announced that she would file the bill to make same-sex marriage legal.
“I almost never spoke,” she said.
“Physicians are squeezed between rising costs and decreasing reimbursement,” and they “see only declining revenue in the future,” as Medicare and private insurers restrict payments, the American Medical Association said.
In one, Ma Mingzhe, the chairman of Ping An, pleaded with Mr. Dai to approve an overseas stock offering in 1998, saying, “It would be rather difficult to raise such a huge amount of money in the domestic market.” The regulatory filings show that Dinghe, the company partly controlled by Mr. Dai’s relatives, got an extremely good deal on the shares of Ping An it had bought.
They walk the dogs three times a day in Central Park.
Quick Center for the Arts, Fairfield University, 1073 North Benson Road.
JOHN R. PHILLIPS Washington, Oct. 2, 2012
Once that took place, I dropped the lawsuit and that’s it.
He said he would not support any tax cuts that added to the deficit, in other words, that were not paid for.
The solution to the problem?
But the new rules would not prevent a brokerage firm from repeating MF Global’s mistake of misusing customer money, nor would they apply to any futures industry clients like those of MF Global.
Notably, the first words you hear on “Cruel Summer” aren’t from Mr. West, but rather from the besieged R&B singer R. Kelly, on “To the World,” who sings with defiant anguish, through layers of digital processing: “I’m on my Sinatra/I’m doing it my way/Let’s take it a notch up.” Mr. West still has a complex about being underappreciated, but he’s also not one to mind the house when he’s distracted.
The Bronx run begins at 8 a.m. on the Grand Concourse, between McClellan and 166th Streets.
Threats come via Facebook and Twitter , he said, through taunting messages about the “Shia kaffir” — infidels.
But this was a contest typical of Christmas week in England.
But in central Arkansas, a series of hundreds of small quakes — and a few bigger ones — since 2010 was linked not to fracking itself but to disposal of waste liquids produced by the process.
There are no comprehensive figures for Mr. Romney’s attendance at fund-raisers, some of which have not been included on his public schedule.
Back in the shredding room, Mr. Hill solemnly packed another trash bag full of folders.
Oct. 15-Nov. 4., (212) 708-9400, moma.org .
On his office wall at Parliament hangs an illustrated rendering of Mr. Watson dressed as Super Mario, royal blue overalls and all, and a framed copy of the final edition of the 168-year-old News of the World, the Murdoch tabloid closed in July 2011 after reports of widespread phone hacking emerged.
“ Europe is sleepwalking toward a disaster of incalculable proportions,” the Institute for New Economic Thinking, a group of prominent economists financed largely by the billionaire financier George Soros, wrote in a new report.
The money hunt enlists all creatures great and small.
The agreement by the finance ministers, which still requires the approval of the European Parliament and some national parliaments including the German Bundestag, made it possible for European Union leaders arriving here later Thursday to gather in a spirit of unity.
Still, Mr. Sandler manages a frame or so of genuine sentiment, and the caricature is so ugly it’s cute.
“Although I very much would like to return, I have no regrets about my time here,” Mr. Wang said, adding that he has found “many ways to exert influence in China from abroad.” He said he lectures and publishes about China regularly, with his work being seen back home through the Internet and social media, especially the Twitter-like service called Weibo.
— BEN ROTHENBERG The battle for bronze between the two semifinal losers just wrapped up on Court 1, with No.
It is a major sinkhole.” The state prison in Piedras Negras is not equipped with security cameras.
It is unlikely that Mr. Santorum’s last-minute rebound is purely a statistical fluke.
In the N.F.C., it’s hard to say….
A study investigated the relationship between physicians' implicit and explicit biases.
Fox, the president of Buckingham’s construction division, notes that the primary market for CityWay’s apartments, hotel rooms and retail spaces are visitors to the city’s sports arenas, and employees of Lilly and three other big corporate offices that are all within a 10-minute walk of the new neighborhood.
“Perhaps the thorniest challenges exist on the data side, with respect to access and privacy,” they wrote.
My — my view is that this president should have honored his promise to — to do as he said.
Its startling conclusion was that we simply don’t know enough to make scientifically grounded judgments about which approaches — from gun-control measures to permission-to-carry laws — are likely to work.
Some may even want to talk fatherhood — after all, Kiwanuka and his fiancée are expecting a daughter in March.
Weight Watchers has long promoted a multipronged approach — with a flexible diet, based on its own point system, along with weekly educational meetings.
He was elected because many Israelis lost faith in the peace process and see chaos all around them.
The rabble places special blame on Caius Marcius, a valiant Roman general who disdains the lower classes.
Bahrain is a tiny island nation of 600,000 citizens, with a Parliament of only 40 members, and it cannot be understood if looked at in isolation.
Not far from the forests in Klag Bay is a low-priority Superfund site; decaying boats and rusted barrels remain from a gold mine closed in 1942.
The knuckleball served him well, but after the season when he turned 38, he pitched only 571 more innings, winning 32 games and performing slightly above league average in earned run average.
The Rangers have quietly become the beast of the N.H.L.’s Eastern Conference, with Tuesday night’s dominating shutout of the reigning Stanley Cup champion Bruins their latest unheard bellow in that direction.
Cathy Rehberg, the Alliance’s marketing manager, said tween girls love to come for a copy of their own, before moving on to Scooper’s, Mr. Bieber’s favorite place for ice cream (where the wall bears a photo of Mr. Bieber with the actress and singer Selena Gomez, who visited last summer), before moving on to the skate park, Stratford Northwestern Public School and other places his aura might be felt.
But, equally important, firsts also represent abrupt endings, and endings bring sadness, nostalgia and, sometimes, regrets.
“I felt like a homesteader,” she said.
I project 43 delegates for Mr. Gingrich, 24 for Mr. Romney, and 9 for Mr. Santorum.
On Monday Mr. Obama is expected to meet at the White House with a group of immigration advocates.
The Day Clyde Haberman offers his take on the news.
Brasil ha dejado atrás la colonización, pero sus políticas que regularizan los reclamos de tierra de posesionarios aún atraen a inmigrantes a la Amazonía.
Mr. Cameron made the announcement of the renewed Scotland Yard inquiry after meeting at 10 Downing Street with Libya’s interim prime minister, Abdurrahim El-Keib.
But that won’t happen any time soon; the apps that block texting in motion are riddled with problems.
“Can you grab that for me?” Ms. Stewart asked a friend.
That is in line with the performance of Société Générale, BNP Paribas’s smaller local rival, which reported a 20 percent decline in first-quarter net income on Thursday, to 732 million euros, on revenue that fell 4.7 percent to 6.3 billion euros.
In classes, the students learn to break language into individual sounds, forcing them to be aware of how each part of the mouth is positioned to make a particular bit, while instructors contort their faces and touch their tongues to drive home the point.
But Mitt Romney has had his luck with the crowds, particularly in Florida.
I don’t know whether “Rainbow Connection” was even in the Oscar running when the original “Muppet Movie” was released, but I had that going through my head and I said that’s what I’m picking.
A. I work pretty long hours.
The winter and spring months of your senior year are a time to move on from the flurry of the application process.
“I think the impression for us has really been that these guys disappear into the Afghan prisons — we all figured they got beat up — tortured, really,” said the official, who did not want to be quoted by name as suggesting that torture was a problem in Afghan prisons.
Then it brushed up against my lips and slipped into my mouth.
But if I were shopping for nursing homes in my New Jersey environs, or wanted to know what happened when a resident of a particular facility wandered off or what medication errors arose there, I’d be happy to have Nursing Home Inspect, too.
Her husband, 76, added, “The only clue we provided was a silver balloon at the front door.” The new approach also includes no small amount of assist from online crafts sites.
Lawmakers, according to the Treasury Department, will not have to refight their epic battle over the debt ceiling until after the November elections.
••• The brothers’ new film, “The Do-Deca-Pentathlon,” is a sports comedy about brothers engaged in a two-man, 25-event battle; the Duplasses filmed it in 2008, but put it aside when Fox gave them the green light to do “Cyrus” — they say this is the first time in four years they’ve had the time to finish the movie.
I really feel for him, but you know that’s the nature of the beast.” Els, whose 7-under par total of 273 was one stroke better than Scott’s 274, knows plenty about the beast that is major pressure.
In 2010, Alonso again won the race, this time after scoring the pole position and leading every lap.
But certain things we were able to do have allowed us to do that.
The investment took the form of debt securities that paid no interest to Wal-Mart but could be converted into a 49 percent ownership stake in Bharti.
“That at least has started to change.”
It also allows parents a chance for a smoke.
The city is now experimenting with contracts without it.
– Patrick Farrell The New York Times : With its circular face and customizable color palette, the Oreo is a perfect canvas for an ad campaign.
The main challenge is how are we going to restructure Medicare in a way that would lead to a permanently lower cost trajectory.
With little warning, he reeled off five straight games before Malisse finally held serve.
That’s why my grandmother, grandfather and father came here – none of them legally.
If the remaining states play out as prior ones have, Mr. Romney should continue to win, on average, just slightly more than half the delegates.
Mr. Dauman is the first person Mr. Redstone thanked in his autobiography, “A Passion to Win.” “I would never think of overruling Philippe,” Mr. Redstone says.
Ms. Southern added that if the airlines are granted antitrust immunity, which may take nine to 12 months, they will be able to integrate their networks and schedules, giving passengers more options, much as their competitors British Airways and American Airlines have done through their partnership.
Warren wondered if the wear and tear of playing a two-gap defense in New England, where he was on the field for many snaps during games, contributed to his injuries.
DIX--Robert Knight (Bob), January 16 in Redding, CT. Born in Gallatin MO in 1917, he held a Chem.
But several other Middle Eastern broadcasts reported that tribal warriors were marching toward Sanaa to crush the revolt.
And unfortunately, when -- when you look at “Obamacare,” the Congressional Budget Office has said it will cost $2,500 a year more than traditional insurance.
WHEN I recently mentioned to a pregnant acquaintance that I was writing a book about egg freezing (and had frozen my own eggs in hopes of preserving my ability to have children well into my 40s), she replied, “You’re so lucky.
“This tells you where power lies,” Mr. Abu Hamed said.
Chamblee’s criticism of the teaching methods of Woods’s current swing technician, Sean Foley, led Foley to fire back.
”On your birthday, I will say that I have loved the rebel in you, that you’ve always been a source of inspiration to me, and that I do not like the halos of divinity around you.
Fears of a ripped-up boardwalk did not come to pass, nor was there any evident structural damage in downtown.
“That’s how we’ve planned his time, and so we’re looking for a good day.” Mr. Fehrnstrom pointed to several big-name endorsements in recent days as a sign that Republicans were already starting to rally around Mr. Romney, regardless of the outcome on Tuesday.
Cornell started the first university press in the United States in 1869, and the presses were set up to publish the research results of faculty.
In past drug operations, helicopters ferrying Honduran and American antinarcotics squads took off from the capital, Tegucigalpa, whenever an intelligence task force identified radar tracks of a smuggler’s aircraft.
(They had 19 in their season opener, which was also against the Heat.)
While players have informally exchanged money for big plays like interceptions and fumbles for years — a violation of league rules — the N.F.L.
“Rosetta Stone did not do me well compared to Gorgui,” Pitino said, joking, on Thursday.
“It is a ready-to-go situation,” said Ms. Zucker, the developer of 55 Thompson.
We also exclude two quarters in which presidents overlapped (after John F. Kennedy’s assassination and Richard M. Nixon’s resignation).
Susman asked about corporate tax reform.
Restaurants across the city are seeing a resurgence of that ooh-and-ah-inducing ritual associated with both haute cuisine and a fresh bowl of guacamole: tableside service.
“A good putter is a match for anyone,” Penick wrote.
And the firm’s compensation levels are well below those in 2010, when it set aside $15.38 billion, or $430,700 per employee.
“I was caught off guard,” she said.
Having finished her reading of “The Casual Vacancy,” Rowling’s first novel for adults, which she reviews this week, what’s next on Foreman’s schedule?
The men persuaded Mr. Wiebe to give them 17.5 percent of the company in exchange for their consulting services and a planned investment.
Carroll is reported to be looking for a better deal.
“So you’re sitting on the other side of the Garden?” This was Josephine Fagundo, Torres’s mom, a former shooting guard at Cathedral High School and a lifelong Knicks fan, not one of those fair-weather types who jump on and off the bandwagon.
Complicating things even further was a fierce rebellion in the Nuba Mountains, which lie just across the border in Sudan.
Within two weeks, however, Dr. Philippe believed that he was in the midst of one.
“Too much teenage mush,” she said.
These days, Ms. Liu wouldn’t normally leap from her car to make a photograph.
A special sitting of both houses of Parliament to debate a policy toward the United States, originally scheduled to take place early this month, has been repeatedly delayed because of the political crises.
Robin : Sam was (clearly) not that receptive to my question.
A sixth arrives and is greeted with derisive hoots that are rightly interpreted as expressions of relief and joy.
But a few hints have surfaced that sentiment for reining in the excessive reliance on business investment might be strengthening even among those segments of the Chinese elite — executives at China’s big state-owned enterprises — that benefit the most from the status quo.
Mr. Romney’s advisers said that they were discussing the possibility of Mr. Romney visiting a site damaged by the storm well after it has dissipated, but that they had not yet completed plans.
On Thursday, shares of Millennial Media, a mobile advertising company, closed at $25, nearly double its initial offering price of $13.
The margin of victory was the Mets’ largest since 1999.
It’s a great game for television, I said.
Both BBC Entertainment and CBeebies arrived in India five years ago and won a cult-like following for their quality programming, but they were pulled because of financial considerations, citing India’s delays in digital transmission and carriage fees, BBC executives said in a statement last week.
The total sticker price was $40,675.
I actually wake up a few minutes before my alarm goes off, but if I don’t set the alarm, I worry about it.
After watching the Tour, viewers might associate their London exploits with Sky, even though the company’s logo will be absent from the Olympic jerseys, analysts say.
The larger the company gets, the more challenging the structure can be.
The state’s Democrats, meanwhile, launched their first advertisement against Mr. Walker on Monday, adding to a growing chorus of ads for an election that does not even have a date set yet and that still has a shifting set of possible Democratic Party opponents for Mr. Walker.
Congratulations to Jordan Schermerhorn of Rice University, the winner of my 2012 win-a-trip contest!
The bride’s father is the editor in chief of Global Industry Commerce magazine, published by the Chinese National Association of Industry and Commerce.
“From the beginning, the government tried to cover up the truth and play down the situation,” the elder Klitschko said in a documentary , released in 2011, about his sons’ careers.
White flight to the suburbs, as well as housing and business discrimination and continuing Congressional control of the District of Columbia, slowed integration.
(Isherwood) ‘Poetic License’ The vengeful young man in Jack Canfora’s disturbing new drama makes Neil LaBute’s manipulative misogynists look like sweethearts.
Availability and pricing have not yet been determined.
The firm also polled 300 parents of boomers and 300 adult children of boomers.
The Socialist leader does not cut much of a revolutionary dash, and one editorialist even reflected that it was the image of “normality” that he cultivated that got Mr. Hollande elected.
More tellingly, though, in a room filled with film stars, top publishing executives and assorted glitterati, Ms. Coles had managed to grab part of the spotlight for herself.
Intrade is the most prominent player in political trading.
The colors, which are more pronounced than in previous iterations of the Seahawks’ uniform, also represent the region, according to Van Horne: blue for the oceans and lakes, gray for the sky, green for the forests and white for the snowcaps of Mount Rainier.
Merrick Theater and Center for the Arts, 2222 Hewlett Avenue.
All together, he estimates, it could be started for $75,000 and in total would cost less than $300,000.
257 and the other District 14 schools that received grants have made in desegregation.
Founded about two and half centuries ago as a nation-state, Nepal has a solid basis of state institutions, including the apparatus for public administration, judiciary, police and military.
But Gabby and the girls today look healthier and stronger.
I think that’s just kind of annoying.
Connie told me: “He is absolutely the guy who says: ‘I provide for my family.
Ms. Paar had met the Beatles on a trip to England, and had suggested that her father use his new program to plug the Beatles' coming appearance on the Sullivan show.
Fiat has not released renderings or specifications for the stretched 500.
Describing this time in their lives, his daughter Katie wrote: “Nothing could surpass the misery and unhappiness of our home.” All the while Dickens was writing incomparable novels, going on lecture tours, putting on amateur theatricals.
By last week, more than 40 businesses were donating services or materials.
For instance, if you look at our book clutches I think this is a very specific peg to our brand, a product that announces the sophistication of our consumer but is still fun.
These days the answer to “they don’t make ’em like that anymore” is “ Conquest 1453 ,” the new spear-and-molten-pitch swashbuckler movie that has Turkish viewers storming their local cinemas in record-breaking numbers.
Kelly reached the end of the N.F.L.
In 2012 more and more superwealthy foreigners, many of them billionaires looking for places to park their cash in the United States , are demanding that brokers sign confidentiality agreements, and it is no longer chic on Wall Street to brag about big property purchases, he said.
Meanwhile, they fantasized about opening a restaurant and had fallen in love with an old sausage factory on a forlorn stretch of Orchard Street on the Lower East Side.
“Boo me all you want.
Dispersal of the encampment was the latest step in a government crackdown on protests over Mr. Putin’s return to the presidency.
A dagger (†) indicates that some retailers report receiving bulk orders.
Man Repeller The fashion blogger repels no longer.
OH, the mysteries of why he’s here.
The gunman, who was identified as Thomas Caffall, 35, opened fire with what a witness said was an assault rifle and was then shot by the police and taken into custody.
Wednesdays through Sundays, noon to 5 p.m. Hudson River Museum, 511 Warburton Avenue.
The chef, André Marrero, serves contemporary American fare: 254 West 54th Street, (646) 476-3551.
Despite its dangers, the drama of existentialism has kept some of the deepest philosophical questions alive in popular intellectual culture and provides students with remarkably direct access to such questions.
We experimented with things that had wheels and pulleys.
Westside Theater, 407 West 43rd Street, Clinton, (212) 239-6200, telecharge.com.
Now Grinnell was taking America’s first “adventure travel” trend to a new cultural level: In order to experience firsthand the most romantic image of the Western frontier, he intended to join the Pawnee Nation of Plains Indians on their summer buffalo hunt through the prairies.
Avoiding flat-out panic is the order of the day.
The shells, several of which are shown above, work by a multistep process.
“I think if you get it inside a pot bunker greenside, you can get it up and down.
“This is another nail in the coffin for genetically modified foods in Europe,” said Adrian Bebb of the environmental group Friends of the Earth.
There were signficant risks — but also potential rewards — in having Mr. Gupta testify.
But that berth is certainly not guaranteed, just as — Wenger is correct in pointing out — Tuesday’s result is not predetermined.
Moments after the Giants recovered a fumble by the San Francisco punt returner Kyle Williams, Tynes, Weatherford and DeOssie trotted on to the field to attempt a game-winning 26-yard field goal.
The reduction in the number of necessary votes gives the proposal a much better chance of passing despite Mason’s 19 percent holding.
But is it really plausible that you can take $1.6 billion — nearly 25 percent of the customer assets under management — and not know you’ve used customer money?
At €32,000, “Fujian” hardly belongs in the category of art for multimillionaires.
Somehow, beneath the site’s aggressively agreeable aspect, there lurked an alien life form that possessed the capacity to use e-mail address books to lure earthlings back to its own world (Planet Distractoid) by masquerading as a suspiciously formal small-town Rotarian: “Zitlon XYZ has indicated you are a friend.” Because I had had the same AOL account from the dawn of my e-mail existence, LinkedIn was able to make its digital overtures to every person or entity I had ever contacted in that medium.
Some called the definition itself into question.
“Remembering her mother trimming the tree, Anita was struck with an ineffable melanholly.” See also: Bawliday (tearful moment); Trawliday (seek party invites).
In the ephemeral world of dance it’s telling to consider what sticks — not only onstage but also in the memory.
The police blamed protesters for rioting and throwing stones at government buildings, though the protesters accused officers of attacking what had been a peaceful procession.
“You’re not here, Pete,” said Paul, who still lives in D.C., attended the Nationals’ home opener in 2005 and goes to 8 to 10 games a year.
I did not fully appreciate the significance of what had happened.
Also, Sam Grobart talks with Yusuf Mehdi, the chief marketing officer for Microsoft’s Interactive Entertainment Business; Napster’s founders introduce their latest venture; and Jenna Wortham checks out TaskRabbit, Pocketbooth and Uber.
It’s partly the lowered expectations of an age of austerity; partly the lessons of Afghanistan and Iraq, where freedom turned out to be complicated; and partly the result of the Arab Spring, where new freedoms have brought chaos and the possibility of new repression.
His chief problem isn’t the wariness that many conservative purists feel toward him, though that suspicion was both the fuel for Rick Santorum ’s victories last week and the fraught context of Romney’s visit to the Conservative Political Action Conference here on Friday, during which he performed the oratorical equivalent of cartwheels to the right.
Las Vegas has diversified in the past decade, becoming a destination for tourists interested in culture and dining as well as gambling.
“Endless reinvention only works if you believe that what you are evolving into is even better,” Mr. Guidara said.
“It’s Stockholm’s best-kept secret.” “Better than the WikiLeaks bunker?” I asked.
“He needs to improve his shooting, but we watched him improve over the course of this year.” Papanikolaou will not join the team during its summer league games next month in Las Vegas because he still has one year left on his contract.
Lifelong St. Louis Cardinals baseball fan, Princeton graduate, U. S. Marine Corps Combat correspondent in WWII, Kingston, NY businessman, Vassar College Vice President for Development, Storm King Art Center Vice President.
“I had heard it was a gang, and that they all flew their colors, the flag and wore beads,” she said.
With one goal situated in front of the third-base dugout and the other nestled against the ivy on the right-field wall, a crowd announced at 22,181 watched Roma toy with Zaglebie Lubin.
We definitely discuss things more, we share the cooking and the driving, but she is still doing more in the house — like the laundry.
You can follow her on Twitter .
Staff member were quickly dispatched to diagnose and fix the software problem, and within minutes the company had called the S.E.C.
Hamilton has struggled with addictions of many kinds, most recently missing five games with vision and balance problems attributed to a caffeine habit.
“She can only attract a particular type of black, young person, not the whole spectrum of black, young people,” said Baleka Mbete, the chairwoman of the A.N.C.
I began to sleep in a long-sleeved shirt to keep my shoulder warm.
To go out onto the pitch to start was impressive with so many fans.
But he would seem to be at least a year away from the major leagues, if all goes well.
We leaped out at 125th Street and into the subway tunnel.
Mr. Cruz said at the time that the tax cut was not “optimal” but that he still supported it.
and brought it down to earth,” Young recalled).
And if you’re exploring Dresden by bicycle, cross the Blue Wonder bridge and continue two blocks to the wonderful Leonhardi-Museum.
In June, the National Cancer Institute reported that an estimated 13.7 million living Americans are cancer survivors, and the number will increase to almost 18 million over the next decade.
A Spanish rival, Banco Santander, reported that its net profit dropped 24 percent to 1.6 billion euros over the same period, as the bank experienced a sharp rise in troubled loans.
He had never played hockey.
It may be unfair to compare this effort with a Jackie Chan movie, but two minutes of a flick like “Project A” have more fun and games than this entire film.
The will has not been updated, and no one is speaking to one another.
Some races have already gotten away from them, while others are on the verge of being lost.
At 7:30 p.m., New York Live Arts, 219 West 19th Street, Chelsea, (212) 924-0077, newyorklivearts.org ; $24 in advance, or $30 day of performance.
Appearances on Mr. Letterman’s show and Billboard’s K-pop chart have “very little significance here,” said Morgan Carey, a music consultant based in Los Angeles who has worked with Korean pop labels since 2007.
Representative Chris Smith , a New Jersey Republican and leader of the House anti- abortion forces, said the latest announcement demonstrated that the president “will use force, coercion and ruinous fines that put faith-based charities, hospitals and schools at risk of closure, harming millions of kids, as well as the poor, sick and disabled that they serve, in order to force obedience to Obama’s will.” I would take that to be a no.
After all, Andy Warhol made a home here, and the Rolling Stones hung out here; what’s hipper than that?
I will give the last words to the public adjuster, which are almost the same words he told me when we first spoke.
My mother may have been listening to Melissa Manchester, but I was listening to Gloria Gaynor’s “I Will Survive,” the Village People’s “YMCA” and anything by Donna Summer (even, around age 7, the distinctly risqué “Love to Love You Baby,” blithely oblivious to whatever was going on in that song, and no one stopped me).
The result was a complicated land swap, leaving the formerly straight border Z-shaped.
7 on both the hardcover and paperback graphic books best-seller lists.
that belongs to the European Command, because its own force is still in training.
Mr. Santorum was at 19 percent, and Mr. Gingrich, a former House speaker, was at 18 percent.
On the floor were two small pairs of jellied sandals belonging to his daughter, Scarlett, and on the kitchen counter sat a red, white and blue toy accordion — it belonged to his son, Henry.
Vivian Chia-Ying Ho, a daughter of Lily L. Ho and David C. Ho of Great Neck, N.Y., was married Saturday evening to Andrew Fuh-Hwa Wang, the son of Tsai-Hui Chang and Dr. Wego Wang of Wellesley, Mass.
“It was not known that inflammation was a common feature of different types of epilepsy.” Normal brain function is regulated by the glial cells, which protect neurons and induce an inflammatory response if the brain is injured.
If you have two tons of steel going down the highway at 60 miles an hour a few feet away from two tons of steel going in the exact opposite direction at 60 miles an hour, the public is fully aware of what happens when those two hunks of metal collide and they’re inside one of those hunks of metal.
 Japan has made remarkable strides in Internet infrastructure.
I rejoin Arsenal as a fan.” Henry said he had answered the call because he loves Arsenal.
“I think it’s our attention to detail, and we really focus on puck management,” said senior forward Paul Carey about the Eagles’ success with capitalizing on opportunities.
They were the ones in labor racketeering, the garment center, the fish market — they were the Ivy League of the New York mob.” Within that clan, he added, Mr. Ianniello was considered the top of his class.
Extension Activities “History chews up borders,” write the authors of this interactive world map.
Rob Portman , Senator for Ohio I have seen that dream up close.
July 11 at 7:30 p.m. $5; under 12, free.
Once again, it keeps the clubhouse loose in an intense situation.” Someone asked Byrdak about the fate of Little Jerry, before the Mets winning streak was snapped Saturday night in a 4-3 loss to the Yankees.
It would be a bittersweet victory because the financially troubled Coyotes may move to Quebec next season.
But something crucial has been missing from this debate: what the transformed library will actually look like.
The hard task varied from business to business, he said.
While the eras certainly were quite different, Brady and Bradshaw are not entirely dissimilar.
It has always come from the success of a strong and growing middle class.
Other Disney parks are making changes, too.
(Karen Rosenberg) ★ The Cloisters: ‘The Game of Kings: Medieval Ivory Chessmen From the Isle of Lewis’ (through April 22) In 1831, a farmer on the Isle of Lewis, the largest island of the Outer Hebrides, discovered a lost cache of medieval chess pieces.
For years, Mrs. Hamdani believed that the police had fully acknowledged her son’s sacrifice.
“What makes this a little complicated,” he said, “is that the things Daisey lied about are things that have actually happened in China: Workers making Apple products have been poisoned by hexane.
For these people, the Republican equation is irrelevant.
“We’ve got guys who don’t want to sit back.
Going Further: Teaching About the Election The Bellwether Cafe Read more from the series on Donna’s Diner and the accompanying videos.
The history here is simply palpable.” Outside, we drank tea with Mr. Budzynski’s family, then went for a walk as his daughter picked wildflowers from the side of the road.
The latest suit, filed last week by the New York Civil Liberties Union in federal court on behalf of 13 plaintiffs, focuses on private rental buildings whose owners have given the police permission to patrol the halls.
The courthouse scene was less confrontational than the one last week at the 90th Precinct station house, where Mr. Ortiz taunted photographers and his supporters lashed out at them.
He clearly didn’t think he could do that with Tebow, but it’s fair to wonder if Stanton would have given the Jets a better chance to win then.
He has rejoined the Australian staff for major meets since 2008 and will be part of the Australian team in London this summer if his Australian swimmers qualify.
If that doesn’t get Dr. Kim the job, I don’t know what will.
Facebook, which has mobile apps for posting pictures to its site, said last week it would buy Instagram, a photo-sharing app, for $1 billion (above, in use in New York).
“This is a necessary component of the rule of law to which all are subject as part of Israel’s values as a Jewish and democratic state,” the court said.
Girl power gets its sweaty, sinewy due.
Sometimes, I felt condemned to interact only with the lowest rungs of the tourism industry, the salesmen, touts, hucksters and guides — people like Joseph, a round man with bad teeth who approached me one day in the Jewish Quarter and offered, in the needling way of unlicensed tour guides everywhere, to show me the Ramban Synagogue, which I had, I said truthfully, just come from.
Frustrated by his slow progress after two months in the hospital, Bernie Behan went home with her son in her arms because doctors would not discharge him.
Henrique’s line has been together for nearly two months, and it has generated a host of scoring chances.
It doesn’t have a beginning, a middle and an end.
To satisfy state law, the Tebows — who lived on a farm on the west side of Jacksonville, with a Florida Gators helmet on top of their mailbox — took an apartment in St. John’s County, where Tebow and his mother stayed during the school year.
Her bishop, however, took pains to make clear that Johnson had lost her standing with her lifelong faith not because of her support for the E.R.A.
“What’s happening at the Garden is an incredible story,” Alderson said.
Depending on whether they are moderated, these comments can range from blistering flameouts to smart factual corrections to full-on challenges to the very heart of an article’s argument.
That former worker who maimed a hand while manufacturing the iPad , then hovered over that magical device when Mr. Daisey handed him one?
A strong quarter at Time Warner’s suite of cable channels contributed to a 1.9 percent increase in net profit for the third quarter, but revenue was offset by continued weakness at its magazine and movie divisions.
Page and Mr. Jones held a news conference in London last month , where they discussed “Celebration Day” and largely dodged the issue of whether a longer reunion tour was in the works.
In this second round of responses, Mr. Kantrowitz addresses questions on divorce, parent education level and Fafsa history.
THE TAKEAWAY Incentra Village House , at West 12th Street, is not a bed-and-breakfast, so the experience can be isolating, especially if you stay in the second town house.
Echoing the “Jersey Boys” template they sing and weave in their own stories: four guys who met in a Broadway hit and kept on making music.
(The new fund’s treaty is still being ratified by various euro zone member countries.)
It’s like she worked consistently to get 99 miles an hour.
Those are big numbers, but getting from today’s low sales figures to that 6 million will require something of a leap of faith.
Couples found ways to connect.
A jury on Monday convicted Mr. Whitman on four counts of securities fraud and conspiracy, based on receiving confidential information about Marvell Technology, Google and Polycom .
Europe will also benefit from the second stage of the shale revolution as oil prices come under pressure.
Hospital staff members were able to tend to her sporadically, but they are overstretched.
CARDINALS 7, DODGERS 4 Los Angeles lost its second straight game since acquiring Hanley Ramirez, and David Freese and Matt Carpenter each had three of host St. Louis’s season-high 18 hits.
It was gasping, and we took it down, and we notified the taxi driver that the bird was dying.
HCA says it stands by its procedures, billing practices and level of care.
The committee was not impressed by recent signs of faster growth, according to the minutes, which are released three weeks after each meeting.
But, scratching below the surface, there is another way to read these stories: as evidence of a humbler, chastened America — indebted, overextended, feeling less exceptional than before — that sees itself more and more as one nation among many.
In a country where more than 65 percent of the population is under the age of 35, most girls and women are still defined by one major life event — marriage.
The movie has continued to perform well for the media conglomerate, delivering strong DVD sales and a licensing deal with Comcast’s NBCUniversal to expand its Harry Potter-themed attractions at Universal Studios.
Google Plus Local will replace Google Places.
If that effort is to succeed, the government will need to find a way to bring in the separatists in the south and the Houthis in the north.
Turner does note that Young cynically billed the federal government for $3,527 worth of gifts supposedly distributed to “sundry bands of Indians near Mountain Meadow.” The gifts — steers, clothing and butcher knives — had in fact been plundered from the slaughtered settlers.
I love this organization,” he said.
In another, Hills McGee, with a monthly income of $243 in veterans benefits, was charged with public drunkenness, assessed $270 by a court and put on probation through a private company.
Ms. Carter’s departure from News International closely followed that of Ms. Brooks, but Ms. Carter continued to write a weekly beauty column for The Sun until that, too, was discontinued in December.
They’ve since become a joke, a stereotype of shallow suburbia.
Despite a few incidents that caused the pool to be shut down early or briefly, the McCarren complex is a big success.
Really, Christmas in Japan is what you make of it.
The national competition, which involved 54 five-member teams this year, culminates in a final challenge in which the teams are confronted with a modern environmental problem and must then devise and present a solution.
Next for the Modi campaign: vans bearing huge LED screens showing live telecasts of Mr. Modi’s addresses will travel to hamlets and villages across Gujarat, said Raju Dhruv, a B.J.P.
A little underdog magic goes a long way.
“It’s deeply moving to see guys come out of the hospital much better off as a result of playing golf,” said Estes, a teaching pro at Olney Golf Park in Maryland.
The piece had more than 1.5 million page views and over 6,000 comments.
[…] American disinterest, my own lack of funds, my lack of knowledge of English, my isolation from the American power structure; all these difficulties force me, with regret, to leave New York for the time being.
That was the fastest drive I can remember seeing.
“Let’s see how that works out,” he said.
But Mr. Marx said, “We’re not satisfied that we’re meeting the needs of all New Yorkers.” The library wants to hear “what New Yorkers want their library to look like in the future,” he said.
Major stock indexes in Europe fell broadly Thursday, and the euro slipped against the dollar, after a survey of purchasing managers suggested that growth in the euro zone declined in the first three months of the year.
“We need more of those guys, who understand that this is not personal, just because we disagree.
The pilings that support them are eroding, and memories are fading.
When Ms. Rice and her children first moved into her mother’s apartment, the four shared two twin beds.
It says that lawmakers have “a duty arising from a relationship of trust and confidence” to Congress, the federal government and citizens of the United States — a duty they violate by trading on nonpublic information.
“Like everyone else, I really can’t imagine life without that little computer in my pocket,” he added.
Restaurants get very busy this time of year, so I suggest calling ahead for reservations and avoid making them the hour that fast is broken.
This night was more about offering solutions.
But Archbishop Carroll had already played two games and the players were comfortable with their new coach, so Jordan declined the invitation.
And that is where negotiations remain — stalled.
Such internships can be pricey, because air fare is generally not included, a paycheck is unlikely and it can be hard to arrange them without outside help.
When questionnaires are returned with mistakes or unchecked boxes, reviewers must return them, delaying decisions.
March 4 at 6 p.m. $5 and $20.
You can’t say anything else.
Most important, Windows 8 customers will be free to substitute non-Microsoft products and services in place of the re-branded Windows Live successors.
2004: “Classic” — that is, a bit thin.
Even before starting the Brand Studio, United Talent Agency had been handling tasks once deemed outside the province of a Hollywood talent agency through units like its licensing and endorsements division.
“It’s not about a cult of personality,” Ms. Clark said.
“Burundian authorities are misusing the law to punish a journalist for airing material they did not like.” A majority of the journalists, including Mr. Ruvakiki, refused to enter a plea, saying the trial was not being conducted under proper procedures.
“I knew what I was getting into,” she said.
“That’s not a huge lead,” Langer insisted.
His name was Arthur Ochs Sulzberger , but you wouldn’t have known it from the speakers who paid tribute to him on Friday for his forceful, yet genial, guidance of The New York Times through more than three decades of turbulence and growth.
“Had my windows imploded,” he said, “I would have been toast.” For three hours, until about 12:30 in the morning, he soaked his windows.
By a river, a predator shows mercy to a young parasaur.
“I do it for you” is his sweet reply, but her question is absurd in its own way.
She was the very model of the humble handler.
''But this time there has been a positive transmogrification to something really different, and the walls came down, and now there's this.''
June 17 at 5 p.m. $10.
Seeking a new personal project after she completed her 2003 book, “ Twins ,” she thought: “Well, prom would be great because the camera’s about detail.
For now, Dr. Kryger and others say that C.P.A.P.
In his ruling, Sparks scolded the antidoping agency for the “woefully inadequate” charging letter it sent to Armstrong that contained information “so vague and unhelpful it would not pass muster in any court in the United States.” He said the antidoping agency promised to give Armstrong more detailed information about the charges at a time reasonably before any arbitration hearing.
Until she encountered so much religious opposition to the court’s decision, some of it from Catholics, she was a loyal member of her local Catholic parish.
“What we’ve not done well this year — and I admit it and I apologize for it — is handle communication,” he said.
“Carmelo is a one-on-one player, and Amar’e needs the ball off the pick-and-roll,” Webber said.
Susan Reinhard, senior vice president and director of the AARP Public Policy Institute , sighed when I reached her, and said “this is a huge gap,” referring to a notable absence of available training in demanding caregiving tasks.
I would make three points in response.
“He was perfect for me, because we didn’t have very big budgets in those days,” Mr. Eastwood said on Tuesday, recalling his early directorial outings.
The network was credited with playing a vital role in generating momentum for the Arab revolutions in Tunisia and Egypt, both though its own reports and by giving air time to video documenting protests and clashes recorded by activists and posted online.
But for primaries to proceed in April, Mr. Clement said, Texas needs to know which maps to use by Feb. 1.
That’s why I’m so amazed at travel today.
“He’s been raised by two parents who care a lot about education, love football and love college football,” Jack O’Brien said.
Here, artists like Ms. Panetta dazzled, while others struggled, beautifully, within this exacting form.
“If recapitalization is possible, it will only be possible for the future,” Ms. Merkel said at a news conference.
Anger from people fed up with the gun lobby’s tactics in Washington.
But I also enjoy an occasional dirty martini or spicy bloody mary.
(He is also a contributing opinion writer for The Times.)
Still, his relationship with the generals is unclear.
Norman St. John-Stevas, a Conservative politician who coupled a dandified manner with keen intellectual and aesthetic sensibilities, and who presented a ready target for Prime Minister Margaret Thatcher when she began culling left-leaning Tory dissidents from her cabinet in the early 1980s, died on March 2 at his home here.
We know it could deflect off us and go in, but that’s something we have to deal with.
Another oft-cited reason for increasing our arsenal is that the Pentagon’s nuclear war-fighting plans still call for striking hundreds of targets in Russia and China, as well as dozens of sites in a number of other publicly unidentified nations — presumably Iran, North Korea and Syria — considered potentially hostile to the United States and eager to possess unconventional weapons.
That said, Andy Revkin viewed Eben’s piece as a challenge to the role that networks play in innovation.
But if it turns into a physical battle, as it well may, Watson is the fitter and quicker of the two.
Many serve, all applaud, and the tide of patriotism runs high.
Some docu-series don’t bother with all this, getting by with newsreel footage and perhaps a close-up of a martini glass instead of an entire bar scene.
“There was a time when the New York area was nonexistent,” said Mr. Passaglia, who handed out free bocce balls at Grand Central Terminal a decade ago to generate interest.
Her stepmother is a trauma surgeon at Advocate Lutheran General Hospital in Park Ridge, Ill. Mr. Kahn, 27, teaches Jewish history and thought, as well as Hebrew, at the Religious School of Central Synagogue.
But there are special circumstances for both men that suggest that the normal timeline might not apply.
On the same date, “Dorthaan’s Place,” a Sunday brunch series at Nico Kitchen + Bar at the center, to be hosted by Dorthaan Kirk of WBGO, will kick off with a performance by the composer and pianist Geri Allen and her quartet, with percussion provided by the tap dancer Maurice Chestnut .
During work hours, a colleague will occasionally need to send or retrieve documents by messenger.
I’m biased, I’ve worked with Andy for years; these performances he’s given behind these digital characters have been amazing.
The American League race is murkier.
Lenia Cespedes Rodriguez Lenia Cespedes Rodriguez, 35, is one of a handful of Cubans infected by a blood transfusion.
Williams has the stamina to engage in an endurance match, having been proven fit by playing three sets of doubles Wednesday as a lead-in to her duel with Azarenka, but she would rather command the point and end it quickly.
He repeated assertions made during the Republican primary campaign that slightly larger classes — a result of cuts in Massachusetts state aid to schools in 2003 and 2004 — were not as important in student learning as the quality of teachers.
Lord Hannay is a former British ambassador to the European Union and the United Nations.
The one we created for Wii was great, but it’s going away.
A career .325 hitter who averaged 42 home runs over a 162-game season as a Cardinal, Pujols was hitting only .190 through the first 30 games of the season, with just one homer.
And now, as Ferguson said, United was to make a nervous ending to a match that could and should have been long won.
Without the crush of other tourists, the arching stone bridges over the three branches of the Yuhe River that flow through town, the ivied walls and the flowering trees sheltering koi-filled canals seem even lovelier.
The Israeli government had no good options, of course, and so was prone to making a mistake.
The company plans to leave unprofitable markets, stop making low-end devices and focus on a few cellphones instead of dozens, said Dennis Woodside, Motorola’s new chief executive, in a rare interview.
Riley memento: When the Heat won the N.B.A.
“If we’re going to pay you money to do that, I want professional work,” he said.
While many news media outlets have zeroed in on stars like Usain Bolt and Hope Solo, Village Life has a more benign mission to highlight athletes who may never win a medal but who represent one of the tenets of the organizers, which is to “inspire a generation.” The editor in chief, Andrew Shields, said: “We’re producing an upbeat, positive picture of the village.
According to the Centers for Disease Control and Prevention, surgical site infections are a leading cause of complications among hospital patients, accounting for nearly one out of five health care-associated infections and thousands of deaths annually .
In addition to the many benefits flowing to Congress, there is another factor distorting members’ view of the country at large that gets very little attention: Washington itself.
We created a business model — a system to organize employment and therefore give dignity to people.
At Iddo, Mabel Ekewke eyed five small baskets of onions.
“I’d say it lives up to that name.” But if it is built, the 15-mile-long reservoir, which would cover more than 10,000 acres and hold more than 64 billion gallons of water, could be a model for the changing way Texas finances water projects.
Mr. Obama did surprisingly well in both regions in 2008.
He arrived carrying a single rose.
Challenges for the sake of publicity, he said, threaten to bring legislators back into the mix.
Because her well-publicized hunting exploits attracted threats from animal rights activists, she agreed to the publication of these photographs only if her name was withheld.
For 12-year-olds like me, who liked “the fights,” the routine was an early lesson in deception and love.
Besides giving Mr. Xi more confidence in taking the crown, the scandal over Mr. Bo could affect the succession process in another way — it might push the party to carry out more consultative procedures as it selects new members for the 25-member Politburo and its Standing Committee.
Most recently, though, it’s been Stevie Wonder — an inspired choice, given his influence on the musicians in the band’s lineup: Mark Turner, Antonio Hart and Miguel Zenón on saxophones, Avishai Cohen on trumpet, Robin Eubanks on trombone, Stefon Harris on vibraphone, Edward Simon on piano, Matt Penman on bass and Eric Harland on drums.
In supplementary material emailed to The Times, Gordon acknowledged that Globalization will add to U. S. growth in the same sense that economists have always argued that free trade creates more winners than losers.
For all that Poland has accomplished since the fall of the Iron Curtain, it has long resisted fully coming to terms with its Communist past — the oppression, the spying, even the massacres.
I’d say, also, they don’t quit, and it’s hard to beat a team that doesn’t quit.” The Texas Rangers learned that last fall, and the Washington Nationals did so Friday, in hauntingly familiar fashion.
Prefer Simon’s show if you want, but prefer it for what it is: A great work of socio-political art, not a brilliant exploration of character, personality and soul.
In London, she fell in love with Georges Torrès.
All these years later, there’s still no agreement about what happened here back then.
The movie was Chile’s official submission for the 2012 Oscar for a foreign-language film.
But players and coaches interviewed for this article said special-teams players could not demonstrate a fear of injury because they had so little job security.
''You think maybe you're standing by a highway for a long time, it's a Zen-like experience,'' he said.
We urge all those who can help to join us as we redouble our efforts to aid, sustain and empower all New Yorkers who seek our help.
Rick Perlstein takes on the perception that conservatives have gotten crazier, and argues that they haven’t — they were always like this.
Now we’re trying to put it all back together again."
She said, “you don’t give someone a second chance that defamed your business.” Unfortunately, you have to expect that with all the customers we serve.
Wayne Geiger, who has absorbed about 100 city birds at Lighthouse Farm Sanctuary in Scio, agrees.
Ali al-Jabouri, dean of archaeology at Mosul University, said some of the squatters claimed land rights stretching back to the Ottoman Empire , whose dissolution after World War I led to the creation of modern Iraq.
They should be prudent, but step up — be bold.
Every site commands a different design, so you’re always doing things for the first time.” Not so with the home that Mr. Agosta, 57, and his wife, Lisa Moresco, 53, built five years ago on a steep street in the Noe Valley neighborhood.
He was also among the biggest spenders in the state on lobbying politicians.
“How many is that now?
I also started blogging on our Web site.
You want a small opening.”
Nibras served as the workshop’s resident Arab-American company for a time, producing a weekend of staged readings in 2007 called “Aswat: Voices of Palestine.” That partnership eventually foundered, but Mr. Nicola had spotted a potential successor at the readings.
Aren’t you worried people will be terrified when they see a lot of bees, even if they’re bronze?
The ugly tendency to segregate by race and class will be, in a small way, mitigated here.
Over all, 48 percent of smartphone owners responding to Nielsen’s survey said they had an Android device, and 32 percent said they had an iPhone.
“Mindful that association is not causation,” they write, “our results suggest that the mortality rates are higher in the childless.” For parents, it’s the encouraging news of the day.
There were moments when he felt depressed, he said.
It’s just coming together right now.” The Phoenix have seven games remaining in the regular season and on Saturday the club will play its biggest game of the season when it hosts the defending champion Brisbane Roar.
And with evolution comes progress.
and the Justice Department have long run parallel investigations, but the line between them can often become blurred.
And although little seen at the time of his death from AIDS in London in 1989, at 34, his pictures have become classic examples of the kind of rethinking and re-experiencing of identity that was transforming art three decades ago.
Sometimes Iyal touched his mother’s shirt, sniffed his fingers and tried to wipe off the smell.
Seeing the hostile, nuclear-armed United States on three sides (Iraq, Afghanistan and in the Persian Gulf) and the threatening, nuclear-armed Israel not far away, the Iranian people may consider the acquisition of nuclear weapons to be more important than even the relieving of crippling sanctions; and Mr. Ahmadinejad has little incentive to go against the will of his people on this.
“I completely stand behind mine, and still have barely even used the iPad 4 I have on loan from Apple,” Mr. Gruber wrote.
So, has Toyota pulled those creepy, manipulative Sandusky-lookalike spots yet?
At the time a Paris conservator repaired the torn sides and lined the canvas with linen.
June 9 at 8 p.m. $15.
Dec. 16 at 8 p.m. $35.25 to $74.75.
To Kiner, it was just one in a long line of whimsical events that came to define not just his early days as a voice of the Mets, but also a franchise that has always been slightly askew.
Ausmus said he had a comprehensive list of Jewish players in professional baseball and had reached out to them directly or through their agents.
He also took time to travel through the American West, working as a rancher and frontier sheriff, and hunting big game.
You should listen carefully and try to see your writing from their perspective.
Communities like Seville, where corroded piping runs through a murky irrigation ditch and into a solitary well, are particularly vulnerable to nitrate contamination, lacking financial resources for backup systems.
“Video is very powerful, particularly among minority communities where health care literacy is an issue,” said Dr. J. Daryl Thornton, the lead author and an assistant professor of pulmonary and critical care medicine at the MetroHealth Campus of Case Western Reserve University School of Medicine in Cleveland.
Pineapple is an excellent source of manganese and contains an enzyme called bromelain that aids digestion.
Imagine if believers showed up in numbers like these for all of the injustices of the world.
But Mr. Mofaz says he would start with an interim Palestinian state on 60 percent of the West Bank and negotiate the rest.
YONKERS Beczak Environmental Education Center Souren Baronian, Middle Eastern jazz.
Gallup has now had three poor elections in a row .
He said Goldman was seen as a “primary driver of the financial meltdown” and shareholders should know more about its lobbying against financial services reform.
Since the list was finalized and the plaques were made for this weekend’s event, still more E.O.D.
In his affidavit to Usada, Tyler Hamilton, the disgraced former Olympic champion and Armstrong teammate, said the positive test prompted “a great deal of swearing from Lance and Johan.” A backdated prescription, a former team employee told Usada, was created to resolve the problem.
The Nuisance Lot Maintenance pilot program has now cleared more than 1,200 lots.
“This is a human rights mission.
The ephemeral margherita, with basil sliced to chiffonade, allowed the simple tomato sauce its rightful starring role.
The Thursday program includes scores by Lee Rinaldo, Kaki King and Buke & Gass.
She said she had spoken to Mr. Lavrov.
Mr. Berlinger, Mr. Sinofsky and HBO have been celebrated, by some, for their roles in focusing attention on the case in two previous films (“Paradise Lost: The Child Murders at Robin Hood Hills” in 1996 and “Paradise Lost 2: Revelations ” in 2000), and “Purgatory” is on the shortlist of documentaries being considered for an Oscar nomination.
The album — made with crowd-sourced financing through ArtistShare, after an example set by Ms. Schneider — features a superb ensemble with more than a few musicians borrowed from Ms. Schneider’s ranks.
HSBC said its cost-revenue efficiency ratio weakened to 57.5 percent from 55.2 percent, well above the bank’s target of 52 percent.
“The sponsors of this bill were very clear that they wanted to push the envelope, that they did want to test the law,” said State Senator Bryan Taylor of Alabama, a Republican.
But detours into humor, or even a full-blooded humanity, are few on the road to thwarted love and violent retribution in Ms. Cartmell’s vision.
That book, from the mid-1990s, is an encyclopedia of imaginary writers of extreme right-wing political sympathies, clearly reflecting the strong influence that Jorge Luis Borges and his fondness for apocrypha exerted on Mr. Bolaño.
He bought a few notebooks, he said, “but I couldn’t figure out what to do with them so I started tearing out pages of books and magazines that were around the studio and started making marks on them or just X-ing out images.
UJA-Federation of New York mourns the passing of Carol May Catchpool, the mother of Gail Engelberg.
It may have its good points.
A Boon for Creationists The scholarships have amounted to a lifeline for many religious schools.
Harry’s utter cluelessness was demonstrated again when he and Don tried to ambush the Rolling Stones backstage to sell them on the idea of singing “Heinz, Heinz, Heinz is on my side” for a baked-beans commercial.
But none of those games stands as an accurate indicator: the Knicks played the Heat once without Anthony, once without Stoudemire and deployed a different lineup in each game.
At 21, she married another sanitarium resident and moved with him to his hometown — Aguacate, a flea-bitten place an hour’s drive from Havana where most residents work at a sugar refinery.
After it ended, the small American contingent stayed on and the task force was established at a Jordanian training center north of Amman.
It’s a hazard that makers of documentaries sometimes face as they set off on their path.
The new work, led by Julia Pongrantz of the Carnegie Institution for Science, found the opposite of these longstanding fears: managing incoming sunlight would probably benefit crop yields over all.
Numbers deemed lucky — eight is especially auspicious — as well as two- and three-letter initials are also very popular, and can command tens, if not hundreds, of thousands of dollars.
His more mellow hits included “Canadian Sunset,” “The Hawaiian Wedding Song,” “Lonely Street,” “Can’t Get Used to Losing You,” “The Shadow of Your Smile” and “Are You Sincere?” He continued to record into the 1970s.
Mitt Romney ’s campaign is using similar technology with its Web videos.
Firsthand Experience The topic of women in computing was a preoccupation for Dr. Klawe well before she took over at Harvey Mudd, in part because when she chose her profession, women in male-dominated fields were especially rare.
It is losing its cohesion.
Spring 1989 would not have seemed like the ideal moment to celebrate gay sex.
Again, it’s as an anomaly that Hellman stands in relation to her era: an unmarried woman who made serious money from her outstanding work on Broadway and in Hollywood and managed to parlay that fortune into a mini-empire of smart real estate investments.
(South Africa, white and black, is socially conservative.)
She has all but forbidden Olympic-themed merchandise in their home.
“I am a bit shellshocked to see how fast things are moving here almost by themselves.” Both he and his new business partner compared the current energy in Brazil to the counterculture of the ’60s and ’70s in the United States.
Industry competition could drive down prices and help people rethink their waste cycles, he said.
On the phone, Susan said she knew exactly what was involved in asking people who have been charged with crimes to reject plea bargains, and press for trial.
var data; function jsonSlideshowCallback(response){ data = response; } NYTD.options = { source: data, cropType: 'blog480', appendTo: 'fullScreenSlideShow', showHeadLine: 'false' , renderstyle: "embeddedSlideShowTmag"} Kasia Bobula’s London fashion week photo diary.
As Nick Cafardo writes in The Boston Globe, “ Be concerned.
Zach Feuer Gallery, 548 West 22nd Street, (212) 989-7700, zachfeuer.com .
Even though Flacco displayed poor pocket presence at times, he was the least of their offensive problems.
Ms. Talreja, took advantage of the recent legislation, “which requires Indian private schools to admit 25 percent of their student body from ages 6 to 14 from families making less than 100,000 rupees, or $1,800, a year,” Ms. Shah wrote.
It features two audio processing modes, a pure mode and an equalizer mode that provides a spatial 3-D sound.
For a long time Owsley was selling LSD in liquid form.
As every league is slightly different in its emphasis, finding that line is more of an art than a science.
“The bombardment by NATO was unilateral,” Mr. Faizi said.
Levinthal is survived by his loving wife of 67 years, Rhoda, and four children, David (Kate), Judith (Randall), Michael, and Daniel, and seven grandchildren, Aaron, Leah, Asher, Adam, Zach, Katie, and Sam.
“Would you ask Ridley Scott if he was politically influenced?” he asked.
“If you’re thinking about that, you’re not going to block any shots, because that’s always going to be in the back of your head,” Girardi said.
The city has taken the right direction with the announcement of a new preschool in Brownsville, Brooklyn, scheduled to open next year, that will start with children as young as 6 weeks old.
The Telegraph newspaper featured a video of the rescue on their website.
Mr. Jankovics worked a section at a time, starting with the shortest scene, in which Adam transforms into a giant robotic spaceship as he and Lucifer hurtle through the cosmos.
Web sites that were interested in participating in the contest were asked to submit their preseason rankings for the top 25 quarterbacks, 50 running backs, 50 wide receivers and 20 tight ends based on the standard scoring system below: Passing Yards (25 yards per point) Passing Touchdowns (4) Rushing Yards (10 yards per point) Reception Yards (10 yards per point) Rushing & Receiving Touchdowns (6) Interceptions & Fumbles Lost (-2) Once the fantasy season ended, I gathered fantasy point totals for QBs, RBs, WRs and TEs based on the above scoring system and created an end-of-season ranking for each position by using FFToday .
The husband arrived in the emergency room moments later.
Mr. Collignon said the newspaper was planning to publish more articles based on Mr. Storm’s account of his six years of undercover work if it could confirm the details.
Spencer likes to cook, and the novelty of having a backyard is that he can grill year round.
The study tracked weight changes for 6,300 students in 40 states between 2004 and 2007, following them from fifth to eighth grade.
Each quartet produces exactly four dumplings a minute, said Liu Cheng-liang, a 35-year-old cook.
Terrance Simien and the Zydeco Experience, Creole Zydeco.
It was just so nuts!
to a back burner.” Now, having sustained significant neurological damage from the treatment that cured him, he is “living on a fixed income due to the disabilities I have” and asks for donations to support his work promoting a cure in a new foundation.
Whatever happens, nobody can ever take it away from me.
He would eventually be fine but was under surgeon’s orders to reduce strain on his lower back.
It was sufficiently encouraged by the results to slightly lift its guidance for the full year.
And even if they were all dressed in variations on racy, lacy black, they may soon be in sunrise pink tints and white sandstone colors — the chosen hues of the Ferragamo designer Massimiliano Giornetti.
If he continues to shoot over 40 percent from behind the 3-point line while dishing out almost seven assists a game and keeping his turnovers down, the first chapter of owner James L. Dolan’s autobiography will be titled, “Jeremy Who?” In addition, Felton had pick-and-roll success with Amar’e Stoudemire in 2010-11 and will be Woodson’s liaison in reintegrating Stoudemire without jeopardizing the A in chemistry this class has posted.
For weeks, experts had been predicting the appointment of Ross Levinsohn, a gregarious executive who was Yahoo’s head of global media before he became interim C.E.O.
For further information, contact Frank E. Campbell The Funeral Chapel 1076 Madison Avenue at 81st Street NYC, NY 212-288-3500.
Hugh Laurie and the Copper Bottom Band.
Four American helicopters then appeared overhead.
Reyes plays as the Red Sox while Ramirez plays as the Phillies, a compromise since both want to be the Marlins.
The Flail held an earlier slot, wasting little of its allotted time.
“I guess you are damned if you do and damned if you don’t — or at least we are here in coal country.” Environmental Issues What went largely unspoken in the dozens of pages of e-mails, letters and other pitches these players have churned out in the fight to keep the plant open were the perils of coal, which extend far beyond mine accidents and black lung disease .
It definitely came out of nowhere really fast.
In today’s fraught times, we need his wisdom more than ever.
Relatives, including the boys’ grandmother, Gwendolyn Henry, 68, were roused and brought to the local precinct.
Mondays through Fridays, 9 a.m. to 5 p.m.; Saturdays and Sundays, noon to 5 p.m. Princeton University Library, 1 Washington Road.
But they are also missing Spezza’s scoring.
Then potential recipients often reject them as castoffs, dirty, unfashionable or designed for the opposite sex.
Parise, 27, could still re-sign with the Devils, for whom he has scored more than 30 goals in each of his last five full seasons and eight playoff goals in their run to the Stanley Cup finals last spring.
To try to close the ratings gap of many years between the two programs, “Good Morning America” brought in the former “Today” star Katie Couric as a guest host, a move that “Today” countered with a widely publicized appearance by Sarah Palin as guest host on Tuesday.
It is assumed that employees will behave in a reasonable and cooperative fashion.
“There is virtually no new investment by both the government and private sector,” said Ashok M. Advani, executive chairman of Blue Star, the biggest maker of commercial air-conditioners in India.
Science fiction might have us believe that tiny particles seeping into soil and altering plant DNA will lead to the rise of giant killer tomatoes.
The Shenzhou 9 spacecraft will dock with the Tiangong 1 orbital module “sometime in mid-June,” according to Xinhua, China’s official news agency, quoting an unidentified spokesman for the country’s space program.
A group of gun sellers sued and won a trial-court ruling that the law was too vague.
The group is already running ads in Florida and South Carolina attacking Mr. Gingrich and had spent roughly $3.7 million by the beginning of last week.
Rooms from 260 lira in high season.
In 2001 the Film Society of Lincoln Center held a retrospective of his work, “The Outsider Looking In: The Films of Leonardo Favio.” In 2010 he was appointed Argentina’s ambassador of culture by President Cristina Fernández de Kirchner.
I didn’t get the same sense of peace at Sunday Mass.
Margin of sampling error for all adults is plus or minus 3 percentage points; for adults who went back to school plus or minus 6 percentage points.
I developed the habit of making a mark on my cell wall when I remembered a particular event, thinking that at some later date I could refer to it and assemble all the marks into a story that made sense.” But the marks begin to run together, and disorder predominates.
Proximity sensors also keep the shredder from operating when fingers are near the paper opening.
Andy had, like, three expressions: “Gee whiz,” “great” or “not at all.” But he was quite clear about what he wanted.
And second, Mr. Romney’s well-publicized opinions about the auto bailout offer the perfect issue to lure members of the United Auto Workers to the polls.
The government has also issued many statements today that the security forces were able to kill tens of terrorists that belong to these terrorist groups that they also believe, that are being backed by foreign influence on the ground.” The rest of the channel’s report consisted entirely of a recitation of comments by Mr. Putin and the Russian foreign minister, Sergey Lavrov, warning other countries that military intervention on behalf of the opposition would only lead to more violence.
An encouraging development on the sustainable front was the Hemp Chair, which was originally shown as a prototype in Ventura-Lambrate at the fair last year by its German designer, Werner Aisslinger, as the first chair to be made in a single piece of material from a natural composite fiber.
Although the women were graduates of the same top colleges as the men, and had the same or better qualifications, they were hired for the mail desk, or as fact checkers, and rarely promoted to reporter or writer.
In the 1940s Mr. Martin was to popular song what Fred Astaire was to dance.
“They may have been angered by his cavalier disposal of them and resentful of his easy domination over them,” Mr. Gottlieb writes tepidly at his book’s conclusion, “but not only were they fiercely proud of his accomplishments, they loved him.” Mr. Gottlieb also finds nothing but “slim pickings” when he tries to link the indelible children in Dickens’s novels to the more forgotten figures who really bore the Dickens name.
Kari Bales was not experiencing the pain of a dead hero being returned home.
Paul is more ideological, and Janna is a more practical conservative.
The Netherlands scrambled two F-16 fighter jets on Wednesday to escort a Spanish plane carrying more than 180 passengers to Schiphol Airport in Amsterdam after air traffic controllers could not make contact with the aircraft’s crew and fears rose of a possible hijacking.
Alice and their young daughter spent the war in Terre Haute with her parents.
Along the way, photos from Flickr users, Wikipedia entries and Foursquare check-ins appeared, pinned to the relevant locations.
Consuelo Iznaga, an acquaintance of Wharton’s, was the basis for the character Conchita Closson in “The Buccaneers.” Poor Conchita ended “head-over-ears in debt,” in love with one man “while tied to another.” As for the real-life couple, the duke was “a feckless philanderer who squandered her money,” Ms. Lee writes in her Wharton biography.
“Sometimes the hardest thing for us doctors to do,” her surgeon said to me, “is to know when not to do anything.” I was reminded of the relevance of his remark for both doctors and patients when I read a study on breast cancer treatment published this month in The Journal of Clinical Oncology.
“You’re not going to win any football games off that.” On the ensuing kickoff, down by 21-0, Jets returner Joe McKnight coughed up another fumble that popped squarely into Julian Edelman’s arms.
But then his assistant coaches told him he had not played Copeland, one of the few players trying to earn a spot on the 15-man roster.
Almost all of the interviewees are perpetrators of horrific violent crimes, including a gay man who defiled his mother’s dead body after having murdered her; a group of career criminals that mistakenly kidnapped a young girl from a poor family but raped and killed her anyway; and a woman who burned her husband to death after having been physically abused for many years.’’ The Beeb describes its own show this way: “Combining clips from the TV show, never-before-seen footage of China’s death row and interviews with a local judge who openly questions the future of the death penalty in China, ‘This World’ reveals a part of China that is generally hidden from view.’’ China last year removed 13 types of nonviolent offenses from the list of crimes punishable by death, the first reduction of the capital punishment category in more than 20 years.
The ruling could affect what use of force was legally justifiable under international law, The Associated Press reported.
The market declined 0.3 percent in his first 1,368 days in office — a performance more than 68 percentage points worse than that for Mr. Obama.
While Ms. Shindelman prefers to photograph from the Twitter user’s point of view, Mr. Larson photographs the spot he thinks the user had been standing in.
This is preventing the most radical regime in the world from having a weapon that could fundamentally change the security posture not just in the Middle East.”
So all our bunkers are into lowland.” No matter how rich the history, there are days when the regulars simply decline the honor of a round full of dangers.
I’ve been concerned about Google’s dominant role in data collection — and the profound privacy concerns it raises — since my time at the F.T.C.
He grew up in rural Indiana and was intrigued.
One hundred years ago, when Carson was a child, residents of Springdale had the same concern — one that informed Carson’s worldview.
“Turkey says it will not tolerate exploration and Cyprus says it will proceed,” said Hubert Faustmann, an associate professor at the University of Nicosia.
The Sadas relied on Mr. Martinez to help them maintain control of another of their companies that went bankrupt in 2004.
In July, home sales were running at an annual pace of 4.47 million, an improvement over a year ago, but well below the high of 7.25 million reached in September 2005.
He is scheduled to carry the torch on July 22 through Redbridge, a borough of London.
The spa is one of the most sybaritic I’ve seen outside of Manhattan, more Mayflower Inn than Canyon Ranch ’s health and wellness focus.
I am desperate for more of the long view (where are today's James Restons?).
For S.’s sake: happy endings wanted.
With the help of $400,000 from the federal government, the City of Lübeck bought the house next door to expand the museum.
KATONAH Katonah Museum of Art “Joseph Wheelwright: Tree Figures.” Through May 20.
Sometimes, with the gentle counsel of, say, the lawyer Michael J. Duff, he can be calmed down long enough to talk thoughtfully about his life in Elyria.
It might have been the first and only wedding on the rink, she added.
Whether such tranquillity could translate into the aggression Roach desired remained to be seen.
Mr. Caro shows how Johnson’s impoverished childhood and modest education fueled his sense of inferiority and class resentment vis-à-vis the Kennedys and how it stoked his rage for social justice.
It also slightly tipped the halo of the wonk for Ryan; or at the very least provided an object lesson in the limitations that a supposed seller of “bold ideas” and “hard truths” confronts when straitjacketed by the on-message demands of a presidential campaign.
Waschbusch hopes that by comparing the two, it will be possible to evaluate the differences in their responses to treatment.
Mr. Romney had already praised the Ryan budget as “excellent work,” but until Saturday the deliberate ambiguity of his own plans gave him a little room for distance, an opportunity to sketch out a more humane vision of government’s role.
In the late 1910s, he oversaw construction of several of projects in Japan for the George A. Fuller Construction Company.
Mr. Clinton, for instance, lambasted the rising pay of executives, in relation to their employees, as far back as 1992, long before anyone had heard of Ms. Warren.
Sept. 1 at 9 p.m. $10.
It’s kind of weird how everything just falls into place.” All three guards are 6 feet 4 inches, and they space out the court so Temple’s halfcourt offense can be successful.
Many of the attendants said they had driven in from nearby states — Connecticut, Massachusetts and New Jersey — to see the event.
During the often harrowing treks around Asia with her husband, she kept diaries which were published and enthusiastically received.
As long as its algorithms serve up something worth watching, even if it’s not the subscriber’s first choice, he or she will continue paying for and enjoying the service, the company believes.
One of the most important early allies in this fight was Aubrey K. McClendon , the chief executive of Chesapeake Energy , who donated $26 million starting in 2007 to help the Sierra Club with its campaign.
Her son’s father vanished in her absence.
“I’m planning to buy a few.” Mr. Yi, who grew up in Queens, remembered buying packages of Twinkies some days after elementary school.
And as rumors raced that depositors were pulling their money out of Bankia, Spain’s top economic official took pains to announce that a Greek-style flight from banks was not under way at the institution.
For those who doubt the depth of Mr. Romney’s conservatism — and there are many — Mr. Flaherty serves as a powerful character witness.
The authors, Dr. Frank B. Hu and Dr. JoAnn E. Manson, from the Harvard School of Public Health, noted that the trials included in the analysis may not have been carried out over a long enough time to show the true effect of regularly taking fish oil over the long term.
Hoboken, June 3 The Hoboken Secret Garden Tour, to benefit the Hoboken Historical Museum, includes guided tours of 8 to 10 private gardens, from 9 a.m. to 4 p.m. Tickets are $25, or $20 in advance; children under 13 are free.
So Israel of course would have to say: ‘That can’t happen.
He can be reached at andy.benoit-at-NFLTouchdown.com or @Andy_Benoit.
The version of the device rejected by the F.D.A.
It is not recommended that the average homeowner tackle a termite problem.
The play of light on the folds of the woman’s green velvet robe and of the shadows projected on the right-hand frame of the window by morning sunlight is remarkably observed, and the transparent muslin veil thrown over her hair, which flutters in the breeze coming in through the opening, is painted with unsurpassed mastery.
playoffs provided a ready-made party for more than a month, now you’re left to decide on your own things like, can Vanderbilt give Kentucky a game, or will the Wildcats be playing their subs by halftime?
To open new accounts, you’re looking for a hunter.
“We’ve got to approach the next game like our backs are against the wall.”
But Mr. Obama forever tied his own legacy to Afghanistan as Americans and his NATO allies were suffering from combat fatigue.
The concerts will be staged at the Rose Theater at the organization’s headquarters on Columbus Circle.
I boiled mixed greens, chopped and sautéed them with oil and garlic, and served them for lunch with good bread.
In particular, investigators from the Food and Drug Administration, the F.B.I.
Royalties Increase for Streaming : SoundExchange, the agency that compensates performers and record labels when music is played on satellite and Internet radio, paid $292 million in royalties last year, up 17 percent from 2010, the group announced.
“You don’t think I have a chip on my shoulder?” he said, although it was hard to tell if he was amused or offended.
Shares of companies that are large dividend payers offer better income and better value, in his view, making them better risks.
History, when the league announced that list in 1996 , or who have won an M.V.P.
They certainly seemed capable of fulfilling those expectations when the season tipped off.
Full reviews of recent art shows: nytimes.com/art .
At debates his opponents sported ties with colors from the flag: blue or, better yet, blistering Republican red.
“If we don’t solve this,” he said, “it’s our democratic process that’s going to be in the greatest jeopardy.”
Wilson’s rule was that conservatives should respond by being twice as productive and four times as nice.
In fact, I mentioned him in my race preview feature in today’s paper in the article about how Formula One is finally embracing driver coaching the same way tennis, golf and other individual sports have always found it useful to have coaches.
After all, the contrary complaint — that Hollywood is a swamp of testosterone , turning out entertainment that marginalizes or condescends to women when it does not ignore them entirely — has been around much longer, and has, to say the least, a much stronger grounding in reality.
PRESIDENT OBAMA: You should have answered the first question.
“Once the deal is set and Foxconn becomes an authorized Apple supplier, Apple will no longer give any attention to worker conditions or anything that is irrelevant to its products,” said Mr. Li, the former Foxconn manager.
Citing polls showing growing public acceptance and armed with more than $25 million, gay rights leaders hope to win their first ballot victory for same-sex marriage on Nov. 6.
But Mr. Gingrich did not predict victory.
coach who now works as an analyst for Fox.
But there’s a reason they’ve thrived playing just one style their entire careers.
Each weekday morning, we gather them together here so you can quickly scan the news that could hit you in your wallet.
This was the school that my great-great-grandfather attended along with several boys who later became prominent leaders of the city’s black community and also worked nationally with men like Frederick Douglass.
Protesters, whose campaign opposed financial inequality, had wanted officials at Trinity to let them occupy the church-owned property but the request was refused .
Here’s the picture: This should not be taken as a reason to believe that we couldn’t and shouldn’t be doing better; experience in this crisis has been overwhelmingly supportive of a Keynesian view in which the problem is inadequate demand, and in which fiscal policy (with an assist from unconventional monetary policy) could have greatly ameliorated the pain.
We just have to do a better job of covering for each other; there’s no excuses.
Mike Williams (TB) vs. Atlanta — Williams has not topped 100 yards since Week 6 against the Kansas City Chiefs.
Beloved wife of Saul, devoted sister of Ellen.
On the South Side, the White Sox dealt a cost-controlled up-and-coming reliever in Sergio Santos and brought in no obvious successor, leaving the likes of Matt Thornton and the rookie Addison Reed to battle for the job this spring.
Besides the buttery smoothness of Honda’s 3.5-liter V-6 — also found in the Pilot crossover, Odyssey minivan and a slew of Acuras — every new Accord uses electronic technology to cancel out unwanted noise.
The soup is already banned in many parts of Asia, in some global hotel chains, and by the state of California — Julia Moskin Mother Jones : The enemy of pure drinking water is lead, and water companies’ pipe-replacement and maintenance policies may be spiking household lead levels in many states.
WALL STREET JOURNAL KSL Walks Away From Great Wolf | The water park operator Great Wolf Resorts said late on Friday that one of its bidders, KSL Capital Partners, has walked away after another, Apollo Global Management, raised its bid to $7.85 a share.
I will determine the identity of those remains through DNA tests back in San Francisco when I return, but chances are that they belong to our small, native reef helper.
Every year some comedies — “Last Man Standing” and “Suburgatory” in 2011, for instance — prove there’s an audience for junk food.
Well I don’t worry about a splintering of the N.C.A.A.
“We just want to see Romney,” one woman protested, according to the report.
McLAUGHLIN--Joseph T. We deeply mourn the loss of Joseph T. McLaughlin Esq., who passed away at the age of 67 on January 8, 2012, after a brief battle with pancreatic cancer.
The Texas Department of Transportation, which often claims that it lacks the money to maintain its network of roads properly, surprised many state leaders in March when it announced it had an extra $2 billion.
The CX-5 musters 155 horsepower, 30 horsepower less than the base model of the CR-V. What is retained, however, is the spirited ride for which Mazda is known, she writes: The Mazda’s steering has a fairly tight on-center feel and is predictable.
Indeed, had the debate focused on the economy alone, Romney might have emerged more bruised than last time but still victorious.
We look and listen for Gambel’s quail, which are not as responsive as elegant quail to recorded calls.
An asterisk (*) indicates that a book's sales are barely distinguishable from those of the book above it.
Success — in fashion and business — comes from the designer’s understanding of fashion needs.
The more cautious fired their rifles around the corners of houses, while others took turns to shoot more effectively from the exposed alleyways before retreating for cover.
But people in the nuclear industry say that the bigger threat is natural gas.
Anti-Assad commanders credited the bombs with helping to change the fighters’ psychological experience of the battle against their government.
Last Sunday, as the Greek Parliament adopted the latest reforms and austerity measures, hooded arsonists rampaged through central Athens and riot squads hosed protesters with tear gas.
“I’m reluctant to hang medals on Oviedo that it doesn’t deserve,” said Sid Lowe, a sportswriter in Madrid for The Guardian, whose Twitter messages with the hashtag #SOSRealOviedo triggered the wave of interest outside Spain.
“I start on the principle that it will work,” he said of his attitude toward working with new French artists.
Current rules mandate production of 13.2 billion gallons this year, which the coalition said would require about 4.7 billion bushels of corn.
Two of those wars were for control over the area where Thai engineers are now tracing the road through the Burmese jungles.
The combat lasted for hours, ending with a Union victory and capture of the strategic town.
Mr. Gingrich, as speaker, did preside over a period in which the number and total cost of earmarks spiraled upward, and Republican leaders openly encouraged new members to seek earmarks to buttress their local standing.
Later, when I asked Rinpoche what the highlight of the trip was, he said, “Listening to those people talk in the pool.”
Last season, when Jeremy Lin’s ascendence highlighted an unselfish but ultimately temporary offense, the Knicks still ranked 20th in assists at 20.1 a game and 22nd in assist percentage, a statistic that charts the percentage of field goals generated by assists.
Having won almost a dozen states, and as the perceived favored candidate for conservatives the next time around, Mr. Santorum may carry some clout with Mr. Romney, but Mr. Santorum also has to focus on his own needs, like retiring his debt, which as of last month was $1.9 million.
CORPORATE EARNINGS Companies scheduled to report results include Lennar (Monday); Discover Financial Services, Nike and Research in Motion (Thursday); and Walgreen (Friday).
: Once the person in front of you is standing, you too must stand if you want to see what’s on stage.
I would argue that the young students of TNS (many of whom donated their own savings to the library fund) learned a powerful lesson this year, but I’m not sure it’s one most parents would actively seek for their children.
But this taxpayer-financed preschool, known as the Nicolaigarden for a saint whose chapel was once in the 300-year-old building that houses it, is perhaps one of the more compelling examples of the country’s efforts to blur gender lines and, theoretically, cement opportunities for both women and men.
William Browder ran the biggest foreign-capital investment fund in the country before he was forced out of Russia, the remains of his business were hijacked and used by corrupt government officials in a tax-fraud scheme , and an auditor who tried to expose the stunt was jailed and soon died behind bars.
“We’re not now, so what difference does it make?” Few have embraced Anderson’s idea.
He began a second show, “The Layover,” for the channel last winter.
I join you in praying for the many VMI graduates who are right now serving in harm’s way.
It has since played host to 19 exchanges resulting in the treatment of more than 65,000 acres of forestland in the United States.
Last week, the socially conservative National Organization for Marriage, which played a large role in the outcome in 2010, began running television ads against the judge.
Mary Katrantzou’s postage-prints came in easy-to-digest shapes.
Four days later, Mr. Singh, 65, was gunned down during his morning walk.
That number is “expected to grow 44 percent from 2010 to 2020, much faster than the average for all occupations,” according to the Bureau of Labor Statistics.
The lower his profile, the louder the whispers become that he is about to come out of hibernation to take another man’s job, and another, and another.
Most commonly and most immediately, the survivors suffered post-traumatic stress symptoms like recurrent nightmares, flashbacks, a hair-trigger temper and an emotional “numbing,” much of which could be considered normal in the first couple of months after a disaster.
“He sings and dances and laughs and runs the shower too long before he gets in.” They even write together at the desk, which becomes the dinner table when they cook for friends, which is often.
She has been raising chickens for several years.
Judge Daniel P. Jordan III of Federal District Court issued a ruling late Sunday that temporarily blocked the new law from taking effect.
Mr. Santorum was a significant figure in 33 percent of the stories, while Mr. Gingrich registered as a significant figure in just 1 percent of the coverage.
It includes a return ferry ticket, a quick guided bus tour of the island and a day pass for the regular bus routes.
“I cried like a baby,” Mr. Markowitz recalled.
Most students were too busy to look up at the 20 friezes on the third-floor balcony in the recently opened North Hall and Library, at least until Daniel Hauben started talking about Yankee Stadium , depicted in the panel above him.
Cook for about 1 minute, until tender, and transfer to a bowl of ice water.
Parise, Ilya Kovalchuk and the rest of the Devils’ snipers have been blanked.
... Rasheed Wallace, who missed the Knicks’ last game because of a sore left foot, returned to the rotation and scored 8 points.
Open Monday to Thursday, 5 p.m. to 2 a.m.; Fridays, 5 p.m. to 4 a.m.; Saturdays, 4 p.m. to 4 a.m.; Sundays, 4 p.m.-2 a.m.. For more information, go to donnabklyn.com .
President Hu Jintao ’s son, Hu Haifeng, once managed a state-controlled firm that held a monopoly on security scanners used in China’s airports, shipping ports and subway stations.
Texas has executed 482 people since it reinstated the death penalty in 1982, four times the number of any other state.
Mr. Green wanted a few assassinations, perhaps some torturing.
Yet this year, as in each of the past three years, Mr. Gulbranson, 57, is counting on a payment of several thousand dollars from the federal government, a subsidy for working families called the earned-income tax credit .
A shooting at Point A becomes more likely to lead to arrests if the same gun is identified in shootings at Points B and C. Now there are two new sets of witnesses, two new possibilities a camera caught something.
2 on the Billboard album chart.
“Nothing is more frightening for a parent than losing a child,” Professor Ogletree said.
“It was there for so long, since I was a little kid,” Ms. Meola said.
Sunil Abraham, an analyst who has closely followed India’s battles with Internet companies, said last week’s effort to tackle hate speech was justified but poorly managed.
Text copyright © 2012 Tom Cotter and Ken Gross.
Those are the -- the cornerstones of my plan.
“I do things I would never do in my own show,” she adds.
“If you don’t pull back, you’re not getting gas tonight,” the man, Sean M. Bailey, is accused of saying.
Since his trifecta in early February — when he won contests in Colorado, Minnesota and Missouri — Mr. Santorum has gained thousands and thousands of supporters, allowing for a deeper analysis.
It’s not clear why incomes rose for older people when as they fell for everyone else.
As every sentient New Yorker knows, the projected costs are now vastly higher.
HEMPSTEAD Hofstra University Museum Hevreh Ensemble, performing original works by a group member and composer, Jeff Adler.
“If they were having structural problems, then I think your e-mail was appropriate,” said Mr. Neugebauer, who is leading an investigation into how the New York Fed had handled the Libor scandal.
And what was Tupac’s animated ghost trying to tell us?
To housing advocates, those conversions represent a victory for the wealthy.
And I never played a course like this before.
But that idea was deemed too dangerous, so instead they settled for an installation of 20,000 cascading white LED lights that shimmers at the fair’s entrance.
“What must be said is that it is a European tradition to accuse the Jews before the Passover festival of ritual murder,” the statement read.
Once in motion, a driver can manually change gears without depressing the clutch pedal.
He grew to appreciate many aspects of the night shift, too, especially things he could avoid: meetings, distractions, lunch lines.
Yet coaches can move from program to program with no restrictions, leaving players stuck and at the whim of the university administrators.
The first two points on his serve were equally instructive.
LOOKS & CASTING Fashion shows are constructed in many ways; the following is one example.
Follow Disunion at twitter.com/NYTcivilwar or join us on Facebook .
Bill Burton, a former deputy press secretary for Mr. Obama, suggested in a tweet that Mr. McCain’s speech on the Senate floor on Wednesday conjured the image of a cranky old man speaking to annoying kids and “demanding they get off his lawn.” Mark Salter, Mr. McCain’s former speechwriter and senior adviser, took issue with Mr. Burton’s comments, saying: “I’ll leave it to the president and to Bill and the other kids in his service to make juvenile rejoinders that cause people to wonder about the state of their relationship.
But African-Americans are the one group that really aren’t in any danger of breaking away from their party — at least while Mr. Obama is president.
“You heard all this chirping in the locker room,” Querrey said earlier this week.
is often criticized for ramming oversize superstar personas down the collective throat of its customers, so watching the 76ers play balanced, high-tempo basketball could be an exciting alternative.
But in a sense they are also great for camera makers, which are being forced to double down in areas where smartphones are useless: Zoom lenses.
They archive where you like to sit, when you will celebrate a special occasion and whether you prefer your butter soft or hard, Pepsi over Coca-Cola or sparkling over still water.
mental health treatment, he must be seen within 24 hours.
Louisiana, $70 million of lease revenue refinancing bonds.
Aug. 11 at 8 p.m. $15 and $25.
“I’m just really torn apart,” Alexandrov said in a telephone interview.
Other outbreaks of unrest, sparked by an obscure Internet video that was conceived to provoke Muslims , were reported across the Arab world, from Morocco to Yemen.
Sliding screen doors open out onto raw, lush jungle; at 5:30 a.m., when the howler monkeys erupt with their eerie bullfroglike calls, they may as well be in bed with you.
That 74-43 loss to the Huskies was disappointing, Stevens said.
It’s worth pointing out that the situation was not at all like the present, where I support temporary deficit spending to deal with a depressed economy; the Bushies were pushing permanent tax cuts that had nothing to do with economic stimulus, and did so at a time of war with no offsetting spending cuts (and then pushed through an unfunded expansion of Medicare too).
THE WAITING ROOM The crisis in American public hospitals evoked through a look at the Highland Hospital in Oakland, Calif., as it fights for survival in an economic downturn.
IN Harlem sometimes a cane is more than just a cane.
But Palacio gives Auggie a counterweight to his problems: He has the kind of warm and loving family many “normal” children lack.
Yet while “Undefeated” travels well-tilled inspirational ground, it’s also an irresistible story of football, faith and the lust for happily-ever-after black-and-white endings.
Adapting to changing technology, the Club has developed a number of handicapping applications for mobile devices, including a racing simulator that allows bettors to test different combinations of horses and jockeys over various distances, all based on past performances and workout times.
The federal government has agreed to pay $350,000 to settle a civil rights lawsuit filed by 11 Latino immigrants who were arrested in 2007 in a series of immigration raids at their homes in New Haven, lawyers for the plaintiffs said on Tuesday.
But we don’t make the rules.
Fluke said colleges should not “delay what is now inevitable” and should provide contraceptive coverage as soon as possible.
“I was so amazed just to look at him,” he said.
It’s nice to know what the dorms look like, but residential housing should not be a deal-breaker for prospective students.
The R&B singer Chris Brown, for example, has quit Twitter at least twice, most recently last month after making rude comments to a female comedian who had ridiculed him.
No one in the locker room is closer to Lin, or has provided more support, personally and professionally.
He gestured frantically, bending his knees and hunching over as if poised to pounce when his players happened to come near.
Politicians are reluctant to drag him into court because they are afraid that Mr. Kejriwal will just be inspired to dig even deeper.
There is little of that in “Dead Stars,” and the satire in these pages also lacks the freshness of Mr. Wagner’s vintage work.
Jay-Z and Zadie Smith discuss his music, his life, politics and, oh yeah, the new Barclays Center in Brooklyn, in the cover story of the fall men’s fashion issue of T. Inside, the actor Nico Tortorella models the latest knits, the musicians in Sweet Swing Trio show off looks from Paris, and the rock climber Chris Sharma proves he’s actually pretty grounded.
And yet — to quote Henry Kissinger quoting Golda Meir — even paranoids have enemies.
But Mr. Walsh was told, in yet another e-mail, that a review “usually takes 24 hours, although in some cases this time frame can extend to 48 hours.” The Haggler bundled up all this information and forwarded it to eBay/PayPal.
“I was competitive in some races, but it was a real struggle for a long time.” As with all fads, mountain biking’s popularity started to settle once the excitement wore off in the late 1990s.
But in the last couple of months, that is just what has happened, he writes.
But technically, I was wrong, and you’re right.
It was goofy,” he said, grinning as he surveyed the room last week.
Several passengers on Tuesday’s flight were off-duty and retired law enforcement personnel headed to a security convention in Las Vegas.
The latest dispute grew out of a request to hire 60 baggage handlers and drivers in the ports of Newark and Bayonne.
— Stuart Elliott A second commercial for a movie to be released by Disney, “Avengers,” is the third spot in the game so far that depicts world-ending events and calamity.
Their neighbors have become better off.
Do you have any interest in getting back into baseball?
We’ve been in tough positions before.
Attia offered the tours as part of a citywide festival, “Under the Mountain,” sponsored by the municipality and private philanthropic foundations and billed as an attempt “to bring politics and art into the sphere.” He is determined, he says, to peel back the layers of those scars, revealing just how raw the pain underneath still is.
In a league without a hard salary cap, the cost of players extends only so far as the owner’s checkbook.
Absent Draper, AMC, the cable channel that has been home to “Mad Men” since 2007, has decided that the best way to counter any potential flagging of interest caused by the hiatus is to step up promotional efforts, created internally, for the coming season, the fifth.
Even Mr. Frugality was willing to shell out.
The audio for the tour is all from Van Gogh’s letters, and is in either English or Dutch.
Announced in late August, the line includes two boom boxes; a smart radio that plays Internet radio, online music services and music on a computer; noise-isolating earphones; and three styles of headphones.
PARKING Sunday rules are in effect.
That is why economists and analysts will be scrutinizing the budget that Mr. Mukherjee plans to present on Friday for the new fiscal year that starts next month.
If none is available, call your local airport to see if they will allow you to show your child the ticketing counters, security lines and waiting areas in advance.
“He is going to testify and admit that he is a liar and a crook and yet these prosecutors are going to ask you to believe him,” Mr. Scardino said.
Flood declined to comment before he ducked out of the room on his way to practice.
In counting down toward his demise — which is never in doubt — “Chicken With Plums” contemplates his unhappy marriage (to Faringuisse, played by an owlish Maria de Medeiros); his relations with his children (Mathis Bour and Enna Balland, who grow up, in dreamy flash-aheads, to be Chiara Mastroianni and Christian Friedel); and his love of the violin.
Foremost among these are Ohio and Florida , where the polls have shifted sharply toward the Democratic incumbents, Sherrod Brown and Bill Nelson, in recent weeks.
Plans call for the game to be playable on mobile devices and computers.
Private apartments are one exception, and the city spent much of the summer embroiled in a battle over closing that loophole.
poll for Mr. Romney, but not a great one.
And on a recent Thursday evening, Teresa Girard-Isaac, 51, and a few friends attempted to tick off the heritages of the site’s two-dozen growers.
A couple of years later, when our twins, Magdalene and Henry, were 5, our Djiboutian Somali neighbors began suggesting that my next pregnancy was long overdue.
The demographic that’s seemingly responsible for the popularity of Japanese nostalgic cars is 30-something men who grew up with the cars.
The neighbor has blocked a road that Mark, who sells bread from the cart to support his family, uses as a shortcut.
Several minutes later Maradona scored his Goal of the Century, when he dribbled the ball half the length of the field, through the entire English midfield and defense — then rounded Shilton — before scoring.
Unless these concerns are fully dealt with and can objectively be dismissed, fracking should be a non-starter in New York.
And that’s why I’m out talking about my experience and telling people to go to TurnToHelp.com to find a doctor near you.
It’s a tough position to take, and the staff who are charged with maintaining it definitely struggle whenever they have to turn someone away.
Yet while Mr. Rodriguez and Mr. Tarantino are true believers, Mr. Steele and the director of “Casa de Mi Padre,” Matt Piedmont (another “Saturday Night Live” vet), come across as dabblers.
“If you really want to create a job tomorrow, you can remove an illegal alien today,” Mr. Kobach said.
When, the day before Steve’s anticipated arrival, he (almost inevitably) called to cancel, I realized that the only thing I’d done was to exile myself from Paradise, anguishing over what never came to pass.
Prime Minister Cameron and his economic team — like many centrist and right-leaning economists — looked at this confusing data and settled on a clear narrative: businesspeople and global investors, discouraged by an expanding and debt-ridden government, had concluded that the economy would remain stuck if nothing changed.
“But that’s not to say the issue won’t bubble up again.
These new shows prefer peace.
Back in the 1940s, when I was a kid, the best place to bite into an ear was at Coney Island.
Son said on Monday, “Every man wants to be No.
Line a baking sheet with parchment paper and top with the slices of zucchini.
Mr. Monti said he shuddered at the idea that the world of professional soccer, which should value sportsmanslike conduct, had become mired in reprehensible qualities like “treachery, illegality and falseness,” and known for its hooligan supporters.
Both Toyota and Honda vow, however, that their inventory problems are now behind them, and that a blitz of new products will lure shoppers back to their showrooms.
Still, we may release forecasts for these states if additional surveys come out.
City Limits 200 Central Avenue White Plains (914) 686-9000 citylimitsdiner.com O.K.
“That’s that Christopher Columbus” stuff, he says.
(The Washington Post) Tastes and Tunes A guide to five music-food festivals coming this season .
That begins by proposing a way for both parties to work together in avoiding the ‘fiscal cliff’ without harming a weak and fragile economy, and when that is behind us, work with us to reform the tax code and our broken entitlement system.” Senator Harry Reid of Nevada, the majority leader, his hand strengthened somewhat, called for Congress to work quickly to resolve the looming fiscal issues in the lame duck session.
Or she could slump like Lech Walesa, the hard-charging hero of the Solidarity labor movement in the waning days of Polish Communism, who alienated allies and voters, flirting with single-digit percentages in opinion polls during his one-term presidency.
Such attack ads work, in large part, because we don’t understand them.
Well, I was only a backup during the World Cup, where I had been competing the rest of the way there.
He added, however, that many co-ops allow transfers to certain types of trusts.
You know, and a place to put family when they visit ... and to ... and to.
As a height chart in an accompanying picture taken during his booking showed, he is closer to 5-foot-11.
Dentists start by implanting a sort of artificial root in the bone to hold the artificial tooth in place.
Mondays through Fridays, 9 a.m. to 5 p.m. Main Street Petite Gallery, 213 Main Street.
On Friday, Mr. Romney again refused to release multiple years of his tax returns.
Ms. Haynes, a Toronto native, went to Paris in 2002, during her junior year of college at Parsons.
There have been expectations that Mr. Kim, who is believed to be in his late 20s and to have been educated in Switzerland, might try to take his nation in a new direction with some sort of opening to the West.
Other recent arrivals along the boulevard include Patisserie des Ambassades , a West African bakery that also serves sandwiches and salads; Levain , the cookie purveyor whose other store is on the Upper West Side; Lido , a bustling Italian restaurant; 5 and Diamond , a restaurant that has managed to survive turnover in the kitchen in the last two years; and Melba’s , the soul food restaurant created by a relative of Sylvia Woods, whose namesake restaurant is on Lenox Avenue and 127th Street.
BENEATH THE SURFACE For reasons as murky as the water itself, the contents of the Gowanus Canal have always been, to the Miser, as fascinating as they are foul.
“The kids would react like they found gold,” he said.
The Shakers understood from the beginning what the war was really about.
Mr. Cooper talked about how long his family would be able to live down here, or how long there would even be a Venice to live in.
(The women’s shoes alone could be a separate art form.)
“It’s an outfit and a sculpture!” An embrace of the wacky is what makes Duckie Brown stand out refreshingly during the New York men’s shows.
But you hear these stories — one loan broker told us that if he takes a client for an S.B.A.
Even his mother did not believe his story until she saw the video, he said.
Rebel A. Cole, a former Fed economist and a professor of finance at DePaul University, said that the stress tests created too rosy a picture, drastically understating how a financial crisis would impact banks' balance sheets.
Jesse was a Brooklyn boy who grew up on Eastern Parkway.
The project’s case was ultimately resolved out of court.
I must have been a curious sight to the Peruvians passing by.
According to the lawyers in the Delaware case, the $20 million deal is inadequate in several ways.
Translation had already been working on the Bud Light commercials, Mr. Sundet said, when it was named the lead creative agency for the brand last month.
That was how improbable it seemed.
Isner, seeded third and ranked 10th, will face second-seeded Tomas Berdych, who beat seventh-seeded Sam Querrey, 6-4, 6-3.
Every year a group of teenagers is sent into a carefully observed wilderness to hunt and kill one another, until only one survivor — the winner of the game — remains.
But newer technologies, he said, would fix the problem.
When I read a script and have my first interaction with this character, do I feel like there’s something I’m gonna learn here?
And the cost is lower than it seems.
Our traffic statistics imply that there is not terribly much interest in whether Herman Cain will edge out Jeff Lawman for 13th place in the New Hampshire primary — so it might be time to call it a night.
The indictment against them says the music, film, software and other media files traded on Megaupload have caused $500 million in “estimated harm” to copyright holders.
The family of the second soldier then held a very public funeral.
“If I had done that, I would have noticed differences in the treatment of women,” said Ms. Handelman Meyer, 91.
“Italian and Spanish sovereign borrowers are at the foot of the mountain, rather than the top.
He called the kingdom “a rotting carcass.” Reviewing his book “A Brutal Friendship: The West and the Arab Elite,” published in 1997, the Middle East correspondent Kathy Evans wrote in the British newspaper The Observer that Mr. Aburish had proved to be more “traumatizing” to some Arab states than Salman Rushdie, the author who had depicted the Prophet Muhammad irreverently and gone into hiding to escape an Islamic death decree.
The trading commission accused JPMorgan of overextending credit to Lehman for roughly two years leading up to its bankruptcy in 2008.
Smaller class size, a classroom aide, setting specific goals for his students and modifications for standardized tests are all mandated to help him teach and his students learn.
The detained group was there to help him begin preparing his defense and choose a defense lawyer, according to news reports.
Inside, the Mubarak-appointed chief prosecutor, Abdel Meguid Mahmoud, declared to a crowd of cheering judges that he rejected Mr. Morsi’s attempt to fire him.
This pick will help earn points in your pool and not hurt too much if you are wrong: neither team will get by Michigan State in the second round.
I don’t know.’ ” Mr. Hernandez was placed into custody later on Wednesday and taken to the offices of the Manhattan district attorney, whose prosecutors are overseeing the inquiry by New York police detectives and agents from the Federal Bureau of Investigation .
(Residents say traffic has still worsened.)
Occasionally this choice is made by someone with a missing hand or arm.
He was born in New York on March 29, 1944.
THE BOTTOM LINE In healthy adults, sleep does not necessarily get worse with age.
The government knows that many people hide their income.
Some donor countries have insisted that their money be spent on traditional food handouts rather than the building blocks of an agricultural development program, Mr. Adams said.
Richardson Auditorium, in Alexander Hall on the Princeton University Campus.
Avoiding UV exposure is a key reason that spray tans have become so popular, but those aren’t necessarily safe, either.
At the news conference, Mr. Wardak spoke of the growth of the army, which after the collapse of the Communist government here was almost completely decimated.
It was her last day as a 99-year-old.
Among all 21 athletes, 16 returned to their sport within 12 weeks.
“Trust in God or whoever made you,” he said as he scanned a small side street for motorbikes with the look of a soldier behind enemy lines.
With annual demand expected to more than double in the next two decades to the equivalent of six billion barrels of oil, the energy crunch threatens to knock India off its growth path.
This was gimmicky football, and at times it worked and confused the Texans.
The results so far, while almost no one has been watching, have the intimacy and comfort of private recordings.
After you are finished dusting, wipe down the inside of the case before replacing it on the computer.
After he was freed, Toussaint became a famous hairdresser (and supported the impoverished Berard family!).
The book is “The Victory Lab,” not “Victory Lab.” OBITUARIES An obituary on Friday about the jazz trumpeter Ted Curson misstated the given name of a composer who contributed music to the 1968 movie “Teorema,” as did Mr. Curson.
The loss of much of the team’s coaching staff to suspensions may be among the chief culprits, but the situation appears ripe for Newton to rise up and become the player people want him to be.
Since I signed a rent-stabilized lease agreement, how can the landlord be entitled to do this?
Jardine launched a dagger in the final minutes to put away a pesky Rutgers squad.
Why am I doing this?
What was up with that?
Late in the going there came a succinct embodiment of that tension in two versions of “Hellhound on My Trail,” one of the most venerated tunes of Johnson, the Delta bluesman.
“No entertainment, no travel, no gifts.
And Carlyle is looking to diversify beyond its core private equity business.
As chaos again courts Congo, one pressing question is why — after all that has been done to help it — is this vast nation in the heart of Africa descending to where it was more than 10 years ago when foreign armies and marauding rebels carved it into fiefs?
“This transparency enables the electorate to make informed decisions and give proper weight to different speakers and messages,” the court ruled.
DREAMS OF JOY, by Lisa See.
The two men then rode several miles to deliver the bad news to Maj. Gen. George McClellan: namely, that his contentious tenure as leader of the largest Union army was at an end.
The Commodity Futures Trading Commission, an American regulator, levied a $200 million penalty, the largest in the agency’s history.
Might he have established new neural connections, a line of communication from his brain that gives him advanced control of his carbon-fiber prostheses, almost as if they were connected seamlessly to his flesh and bone?
It’s not that long ago.
No one tells her partner everything; it isn’t possible.
(Holden) ‘Norwegian Wood’ (No rating, 2:13, in Japanese) Though evocative of an era — the late ’60s — when romantic sex and young love were glorified as life’s be-all and end-all, the screen adaptation of Haruki Murakami’s much-loved 1987 novel registers less as a coherent story than as a tortuous meandering reverie steeped in mournful yearning.
The plot was abandoned in September 2009, after the bomb components had already been assembled with common household materials, when the men discovered that they were being watched by law enforcement officials.
If the Supreme Court rules that the individual mandate is unconstitutional — in my opinion, an improbable and legally indefensible decision — it will not end health care reform.
In addition to running her organization, she has taken over her husband’s college.
The subtext was clear: One had to earn the right to shop there.
Other people saw them as solid and providing shade.
His father was a car salesman, and the family moved frequently between Arkansas and Amarillo.
Too lazy and too scared to say anything pertinent about love, society and the human condition, “Four Lovers” is content to be a pleasant, mildly titillating divertissement with no meaning at all.
To the Editor: “ Election Spurred a Move to Codify U.S. Drone Policy ” (front page, Nov. 25) and “ Rules for Targeted Killing ” (editorial, Nov. 30) showed how shaky the legal underpinnings of President Obama’s targeted killing policy are.
“What really impressed me was the degree to which he invested a lot of time and energy to know his subject.
To the Editor: Not mentioned in your otherwise engaging article about psychotherapy in Argentina (“ Do Argentines Need Therapy?
The ratings among 18- to 49-year-olds (the audience advertisers value) were truly eye-popping in some circumstances — and not in a good way.
Within a few minutes he bled to death in his boot.
“We were too poor for seven fishes,” she said.
The security screening apparatus housed in a large tent on the Battery Park waterfront was also “significantly damaged,” he said.
I can’t afford real change right now.
Elements of the Pakistani government remain so deeply committed to the protection of Mr. Zardari that there is little energy for much else.
The Prop 8 ruling was a great victory for proponents of marriage equality, but it was a narrow victory, confined to California’s circumstances.
“They basically snipped part of my ribs off,” Havens said.
He warned, however, that private mode does nothing to conceal your I.P.
In New Jersey, workers at the Passaic Valley Sewerage Commission plant, the fifth largest in the country, had to evacuate as floodwaters surged in and wastewater gushed out.
It arrived in an immense wooden crate in July 2002.
Sandwiched between the easy par-5 16th and brutal par-4 18th, the 17th hole make it one of the most exciting finishing stretches in golf.
Despite the move against YPF and more government intervention, Argentina still has a diversified market economy with far fewer nationalizations than in Venezuela, where authorities have also expropriated energy concerns.
But that strategic gamble — which now takes its place in the annals of political misfires — came as a result of a somber meeting earlier that day with his economic team at a Hilton hotel in Midtown Manhattan .
“Cappie’s got such a load on her with our team, because when Cappie struggles, we struggle,” he said.
The race for the Republican presidential nomination arrived today in Alabama and Mississippi, where tight three-way contests could tip in favor of Mitt Romney, Rick Santorum or Newt Gingrich.
“The middle linebacker blitzed, and he ended up right in my chest, and I drove him and just landed on him, and he didn’t get up,” Taylor said.
I could not believe the players were able to compete in those conditions.
“Most people don’t know who I am.” Here’s the bio in brief: She grew up in Manhattan as the only daughter of Anne Randolph Hearst, who was separating from Richard McChesney, Amanda Hearst’s father, just before she was born.
Before 2005, only three Americans had won titles.
He said environmental damage appeared to be minimal because the fuel tank was empty, so any oil in the water was from residual oil that kept the parts running smoothly.
Here, too, the exchanges are buoyant, not didactic, the players like spirited parlor guests.
“I think the original script had more masculine energy,” she said, “and giving Madam Blossom more of a presence made it a little bit more balanced.” She said RZA was open to her suggestions: “He didn’t say no to any of it.” More concessions followed during the film’s 10-week shoot in China.
Credit Peter DaSilva for The New York Times Start The adventure of new ventures.
As many watchdogs in medical science will readily note, that system is hardly perfect, but being up front about finances and backers sure is a helpful way to retain credibility — whether you’re a journal editor or a researcher.
In Davos and on the conference circuit, in public appearances in Washington and on college campuses, she has a warm, disarming tone that sets her apart from many other executives, male or female.
Peking University, among the most prestigious, does not release admission rates, but Mr. Zhong said on his television program that a student from Anhui Province had a one in 7,826 chance of getting into Peking University, while a student from Beijing had one in 190 odds, or 0.5 percent.
At the time, I was the plant ecologist for the city’s Department of Parks and Recreation.
But, he said, that “doesn’t mean that being transgender doesn’t bring a certain perspective.” Although gay men and lesbians have broken many electoral barriers — serving as mayors, state legislators and members of Congress — the same is not true of the transgender community.
It would become apparent that initiatives are much more costly than we think -- about $1.1 trillion more costly , according to the Tax Policy Center.
Loyola University Maryland, a Jesuit university of about 3,900 undergraduates in northern Baltimore that had not won a Division I title in any sport, can add its name to that list.
Anyway, 1969 was about when Paul and I started paying attention to the Senators, an expansion team that replaced the first Senators club (which became the Minnesota Twins after the 1960 season) and started playing at the old Griffith Stadium in 1961, the year we were born.
Now, when I think about the pictures and the actors, it occurs to me that you don’t see faces like Garbo’s anymore.
Ballard Institute and Museum of Puppetry, 6 Bourne Place.
First, there is, in fact, a third candidate on the Missouri ballot: Jonathan Dine of the Libertarian Party.
In an interview, Kate D. Levin, the city’s cultural affairs commissioner, said: “New York has been home to some of the most extraordinary writers on the planet, and we are home to a significant publishing industry.
I remember you saying, The training wheels are off for us.
“Dan took this almost as a personal assignment,” Mr. Strum said.
checkpoints is that everybody is supposed to be exposed to it,” he said.
Page B4 Sports CHELSEA TAKES CLOSE WIN OVER BARCELONA Chelsea managed only one shot on goal against Barcelona but made it count.
On the City Council, he earned a reputation as a consensus builder, said Councilman Stephen Levin, a Dilan friend and Lopez protégé.
Ms. Knorr’s father was one of hundreds of Navajos who did not wear protective gear while working in the mine.
A chilling addition to the ever-looming risk of war occurred in May 1998, when first India, then Pakistan conducted successful test explosions of atomic bombs, raising the specter of fratricide by nuclear war.
Early on, women were hired to edit because it was considered menial labor, “something like sewing,” said Kim Roberts, an Emmy-winning editor who has worked on feature documentaries (“Food Inc.,” “Waiting for Superman”).
The civilians started with stones and firearms bought for hunting.
I better hold onto that.’ ” (For a scene in “Pirates of the Caribbean: On Stranger Tides” in which Blackbeard is “turned into a vortex of swirling flesh and blood ,” as Mr. Bell put it, he YouTubed clips of meat in a blender.)
She is a daughter of Theresa T. Yip and Allan C. L. Yip of Honolulu.
“I don’t know anyone who didn’t watch Johnny Carson,” is how Ellen DeGeneres explains why that host of “The Tonight Show” was — and still is — such a huge figure in American life.
‘Union Square: Crossroads of New York’ (Saturday) A tour focusing on the area’s political history meets at 2 p.m. by the statue of Lincoln in Union Square Park, near the 16th Street transverse.
As for the violence in other areas — Acapulco , in the south, is now the second most violent city — that, too, may reflect the shifting contours of the fights between criminal organizations.
In the preceding hours, there was confusion about whether a new contract had been reached; DirecTV suggested that it had been, but Tribune disagreed.
I don’t have children, but may I tell my buddy what a brat his son is becoming?Will, Westchester County, N.Y. Is this guy adorable or what?
These leftist presidents and their political parties won reelection because, like Chávez, they brought significant — and in some cases huge — improvements in living standards.
“I haven’t come close to reaching his level, and I never will, but I can relate to Jeremy.
The surgeons were divided up between Harlem Hospital, Metropolitan, Gouverneur and Woodhull.
He accents that rhythm by hammering the stage with his right foot.
And an activist in the coastal city of Latakia said that the military had begun an operation against five villages in the suburbs.
France ’s new president, François Hollande, is planning to tax the incomes of the wealthy at more than 70 percent.
I’ve begun to realize I am quite a creative person this last year, I very like designing things.
In November, Mr. Sandusky was arrested and charged.
To the Editor: As a social worker, I think of the ways people who come from greater privilege can best help those whose lives have been drastically affected by Hurricane Sandy.
“But it may just be that we are feeling their impacts more because they are more globalized.” In a separate report for Chatham House, Ms. Lee argues that the world has grown more vulnerable to such events in recent years because of various factors, including the rise of the Internet and the popularity of the so-called just-in-time model of supply-chain management in business.
Andray Blatche is the most likely candidate to start at center in Lopez’s absence.
Albert (like Mr. Van Heel) is actually a man of normal height, which makes “American Midget,” written by Jonathan Yukich and directed by Noah Tuleja, an allegory.
Its analysts point out that the New Democracy victory and the ensuing coalition government will be given every opportunity by Europe to succeed and that a near-term Greek departure from currency union seems more far-fetched than ever at this moment.
One notable spot in the district is the intersection of Chushan Road, now called Zhoushan Road, and Huoshan Road, one block south of the museum, an area was once known as “Little Vienna” for its European-style cafes, shops and nightclubs.
Photographs of the man, a literal human torch in flames who sprinted for 50 yards with contorted screams before he collapsed by a tree, raced around the world by way of India’s unfettered press and the Internet.
511, Vedado; 53-7-836-2025; atelier-cuba.com ; dinner for two is around 48 Cuban convertible pesos, or CUC, or $55, at .87 convertible pesos to the dollar ) serves Continental food in a 19th-century villa.
Virginia’s Constitution bars governors from serving more than one consecutive term but allows a return to office after leaving for at least four years.
In a news release, the party said that Mr. Brown’s re-election campaign had received at least 30 contributions in February from employees of JPMorgan and the company’s federal political action committee.
For example, if you are talking about the earthquake in Haiti and the continuing crisis it has created, but most of your students have no connection to Haiti, you might ask if any have relatives in places where other natural disasters have occurred.
The residents can also participate in a variety of activities, like clubs for music, baking, painting and gardening.
The instructions from trainer (Bob Baffert) to jockey (Mike Smith) were to let the horse run, if that is what he wanted to do.
After a year of costly fighting, national reunion seemed more doubtful than ever before.
But this was like a dream come true, because I could come to New York, be part of the Broadway stage one more time and not have to have an extensive commitment that would take me away from my family.” His wife, Elizabeth , was on hand for the interview, and as he spoke she was showing pictures of some of that family on a tablet computer: the horses that she and Mr. Shatner keep at homes in Kentucky and California.
On Friday, the appeals court affirmed the judge’s decision.
Very conservative voters (a group that divided their support between Mr. Romney and Mr. Santorum today) accounted for only about 2 in 10 New Hampshire voters.
”But if Symantec hasn’t done any major overhauls, there may be some parts of the code that remain intact,” he said, and someone could find a way to poke holes in it.
Music review, Allan Kozinn PAGE C1 Science Times HITTING THE TENNIS COURT, WITH AN EAR ON THE BALL In blind tennis, invented in Japan and spreading in the United States, players rely on their hearing to follow the trajectory of a foam ball that rattles when it bounces or is struck.
Also, Enterprise said, “I know there are many doctors who use peels for wrinkles.
Mr. Van Rompuy is also expected to tell the Parliament that he had called on member states to propose qualified female candidates to ensure greater gender balance in the future.
Anatole Litvak directed this adaptation of the Fran?se Sagan novel ''Aimez-Vous Brahms?''
And while the liberal Catholic/conservative Catholic divide will no doubt remain important, I suspect that the religious trends that a figure like Hubbard embodies — which lead further away from core Christian ideas without shaking off the Christian influence entirely — may be more important to the future of American religion than the more familiar post-1960s story that the press has been telling about the nuns and the Vatican these last few weeks.
For me, the deterioration and disarray of the movement is a source of hope: hope that churches will stop angling for human power and start proclaiming the power of Christ.
“Kill a lot of naugas for this,” Mr. Romney deadpans.
The daughter of the administrator of Park Nursing Home, a block from Promenade, helped link up a family on Twitter.
Mr. Ravi was born in India and moved to the United States as a small child with his parents, where he has spent almost his entire life.
“You’ve now delivered more cars, or in this case, more bits,” he said.
Up until last month, when Mrs. Romney made an unforced error (speaking of the media seeking tax returns as “you people”) each was seen as a huge political asset to her husband — and Mrs. Romney’s words may not hurt with the Republican base.
A new mad scientist is camping up musical theater, and he’s determined to steal the spotlight at any cost.
There are obviously other considerations with Sanchez.
Yet her decision to represent Mr. Shih — who has more than 10,000 followers on his Weibo page — was, she said, made when she later read about him online.
As Cristian Bonetto, a travel writer for Lonely Planet , told me in a recent e-mail, some gay travelers seek “an all-out, proactive ‘green light’ to be themselves,” and the Out surely offers this.
The Coughlinization of Ryan is not quite complete, however.
The show was not strictly about summer, though Margaret McDuffie’s blue Westport chair, a precursor to the Adirondack chair, sitting by the window, afforded perhaps the perfect perch for watching the passing parade.
He has moved on to “Hey Jude.” The athletes are singing along.
Last week, the task force and medical groups, including the American Cancer Society, recommended cervical cancer screening with the Pap smear no more than every three years , and said women should not begin screening until age 21.
The claim appeared first in an interview with The Huffington Post that went online Tuesday.
“They want me to look stupid and to look like I’m wasting taxpayer money,” Mr. DeLancy said.
Avon Theater, 272 Bedford Street.
She is a senior vice president and the general counsel at George Washington University in Washington.
Dictation on the Mac, the ability to send Twitter messages directly from the desktop, the iconography of apps, notifications and messaging, are all appropriated from Apple iOS.
There’s a new Bump feature too, in which you can nominate a favorite app that you would like to see go free.
Mr. Obama considered such a proposal in budget negotiations last year and again in the last month.
A spokeswoman for the Dutch Foreign Ministry told reporters that a Dutch freelance journalist also was injured in Homs.
When Mr. Romney addressed hundreds of donors and other supporters at a pair of campaign stops in Nebraska, one of the nation’s most reliable Republican states, he steered clear of the topic of same-sex marriage, underscoring Republican caution over the shifting politics of the gay marriage debate.
The images in this book also do justice to the palace gardens, with their canal, lakes, fountains, statues, Orangerie and potager du roi , the king’s vegetable garden.
But they don’t want to own stocks or do business with traditional financial players to achieve their goals.
title after beating top-seeded Roberta Vinci, 6-2, 7-5, to reach the women’s final on Saturday.
The remarkable fitness culture here is particularly impressive among women, who by some measures live longer than anywhere else in the world.
“I didn’t know any photographers, I didn’t have any money and I didn’t know any film editors,” she said.
“I told my friends in the party then that paying people to do this was a bad idea, and it almost inevitably leads to problems,” Mr. Lux said.
“That meant lots of trips to the east coast to play in recruiting tournaments and camps.” In addition to Colgate, Baum considered attending A.C.C.
A tipped puck dips and darts and decelerates, vanishes and reappears.
In David Mamet’s 1997 film, “The Spanish Prisoner,” he played the possibly duplicitous boss of an inventor who has come up with a valuable idea.
therapy I simply don’t slide into those negative thoughts and feelings in the first place.
His book, “Investing in Kids,” has become a touchstone among local educators and philanthropists.
Opposition to the dam remains strong near the site at Myitsone.
This tally obviously does not include job losses from other companies with which Bain Capital was involved — and are based on current employment figures, not the period when Romney worked at Bain.
But the subtext in this narrative is about moral order.
Color film was more demanding — one’s exposure had to be perfect since there was little forgiveness, as there was with black-and-white.
The results of this evolution were evident in the recent election.
Three days later, a friend took him to Bikram Lower East Side, a yoga studio known for its intense heat and its more intense owner, Tricia Donegan, a local organizer of USA Yoga Federation’s annual yoga asana competition.
The crew will follow Mr. Love through a day of his preparations and cooking, including for a charity fund-raising lunch of classic Hellmann’s dishes.
Mark will remain in the pages and Web pages of the IHT.
var _obj = new NYTMM.SlidingBColGallery($("NYTMM_Embed672"),190,126,chameleonData); _obj.setFixedHeight(235); _obj.setPhotoData(chameleonData.photos); The network immediately to the east, though, was shut down as the storm hit.
“Believe me when I tell you that.” Steinbrenner is one of the many, many sources interviewed by my friend Andrew Derr for his book, “Life of Dreams,” newly published by Mercer University Press.
“We need a clear recognition that the system is broken,” Ms. Lieberman said, “and that what is needed is systemic overhaul of policing in communities of color, particularly of stop-and-frisk.”
The supporting cast includes Vanessa Redgrave and Brian Cox.
The Bronx , with 1.4 million people, has an unemployment rate north of 13 percent, as does Brooklyn.
Western-financed programs proliferated during the 1990s, when Russia’s economy and political system were a shambles and foreign governments hoped to help guide the development of a post-Soviet state.
That’s the dilemma in which Prime Minister Bibi Netanyahu of Israel finds himself.
(Insecticides do not kill bugs in their early life stages.)
This country is rooted in a rich tradition of vegetable love, starting in the highest office.
The bleachers set aside for Carroll Academy’s Lady Jaguars were virtually empty.
Aspirin should be evaluated for its potential to prevent cervical cancer in women infected with H.I.V.
From Jan. 1, 2009, to Dec. 31, 2011, average annual carbon dioxide emissions amounted to 126 million tons, a 23 percent decline from the previous three-year period running from 2006 through 2008.
Louis Vuitton is celebrating all things French just before Bastille Day (July 14), opening its first fine jewelry and watchmaking boutique on July 3 on the renowned Place Vendôme in Paris.
Treating each country as a special case would render the fiscal pact meaningless, reigniting the market speculation it was meant to calm.
The Ford Motor Company was among the first clients of the Bridge of Weir Leather Company , whose hides appeared after 1911 in the Model T. Leather from the Scottish company is currently used to make seat covers for several Lincoln models — a point frequently exploited by Lincoln’s advertising copywriters, who cite the hides’ freedom from “brand marks and other imperfections.” Dale Wallace, sales manager of Bridge of Weir, was on the Lincoln stand Monday at the auto show to discuss the firm’s place in an industry that has been responsible for its share of pollution.
ARTS Celebrity and name repetition drove stupendous results at Sotheby’s contemporary art sale on Tuesday evening, with buyers spending a total $375 million for 58 of the 69 works on offer.
“You look gorgeous,” she said to Ms. Fodera.
“It’s like the same argument with adjusting to hoops.
Bowers was not correct when it was decided and it is not correct today,” Justice Anthony Kennedy wrote.
Our cities must be made more liveable — places we inhabit in greater harmony with nature.
DEMOCRATS and Republicans share less common ground than at any point in living memory, and they are especially divided about our still-ailing economy.
It’s not like you can turn a corner and a Starbucks will be two blocks away.”
“If he really felt as cynical and skeptical as he sometimes would say, then why the hell draw this stuff?” Eric Owen Moss, an architect and longtime friend, said in an interview on Wednesday.
(“That was enough trouble.”) She appreciates “the fact that a Jew from Canada can take the Bible to pieces and give the Catholics a run for their money on every story they ever thought they knew.” “I’m Your Man” goes on to provide glimpses of a well-chosen few of Mr. Cohen’s relationships with women (that’s all, because this isn’t an encyclopedia); his search for spiritual enlightenment; the experiment in terror that was his collaboration with Phil Spector on “Death of a Ladies’ Man” ; the extravagant drug and alcohol use that explains some of his stranger recordings; the financial scandal that robbed him of his savings; and his miraculous comeback — an unexpected fringe benefit of that larceny — as a septuagenarian live performer.
Who generally comes up with the ideas in your collaborations with her?
The Knicks got little from theirs, with Anthony and Stoudemire combining for 20 points.
But before reading political subtext into the Sesame Street character’s appearance, it’s worth remembering that Fischer titled a 2010 exhibition “Oscar the Grouch” and that he has a 3-year-old daughter, Lotti, with the artist Cassandra MacLeod.
In lieu of flowers, contributions can be made in his honor for student aid to: Casimir A. Sienkiewicz Scholarship, American International College, 1000 State Street - Box 10-L, Springfield, MA 01109.
A number of ambitious humanoid robots have already been designed by industrial researchers.
So, we must go running back to baseball and its playoff races for some sporting diversion.
By mid-January, he had raised just $889,241, less than half what each of his expected major rivals for the Democratic nomination had raised.
CAREER Produced the film “Snow Flower and the Secret Fan” and is a major investor in Art.sy, an online art marketplace; recently made headlines for defending her husband from a London pie-thrower while Mr. Murdoch was testifying in the phone-hacking scandal .
Other Roma worked sporadically as day laborers or were unemployed.
A first attempt at a commercial farm in Guilford, Conn., failed, and Olmsted found the Connecticut coast too sleepy, according to historical accounts.
But as soon as I was finished, the audience started asking questions, and I began to feel a creeping sense of doubt about my performance.
That created the context that both sides are now fighting over in television ads and political broadsides.
Yahoo has a number of other content-sharing deals with companies, and those will remain in place.
The pale hues of the décor made the room a tranquil respite from the hot sun.
At 19, he will now face increased scrutiny as to whether he can threaten Michael Johnson’s 13-year-old world record of 43.18 seconds.
welcome to twitter homepage has a picture of a mosque.
Embora a taxa de natalidade do Brasil tenha caído para 1,86 filho por mulher, uma das mais baixas da América Latina, a região amazônica detém o índice mais alto do país, com 2,42.
STEVEN BERKOWITZ New York, May 20, 2012 To the Editor: Maureen Dowd writes, “Absolute intolerance is always a sign of uncertainty and panic.” No, it isn’t; sometimes it’s a sign of conviction and the courage to speak out against what it considers to be wrong.
It is not an issue in the campaign, and did not come up at the official debates.
But the scientists said it was too early to say that the soil itself contained organics.
“When you walk the aisles, you’re reminded of old-fashioned things and see the latest equipment, too,” he said.
The piece takes its title from the failed utopian experiment of Bronson Alcott, an American transcendentalist and the father of Louisa May Alcott, whose “Little Women” has also been on the choreographer’s mind.
The bird narrator, played with simplicity and grace by Birgit Huppuch, introduces scenes by announcing a virtue, like curiosity.
The national championships, though, mean more, the stakes and the drama much higher.
Beyond Snee and Baas, the offense would receive a huge lift if Ahmad Bradshaw, the team’s leading rusher with 196 carries for 869 yards, could return after missing a week with a sprained knee, an injury that was expected to take longer to heal.
Commissioner Gary Bettman has been a vocal supporter of Wang’s efforts to get a new or extensively upgraded building for the Islanders.
In addition to his wife, Ms. Mathieu, he is survived by his daughters, Deborah, Diana and Tenley Ruth, and three grandsons.
These images register, but the gyroscopic potential of the shapes, the potential illusion of wave motion: these go unused.
The barbed-wire fence around both territories is hardly an impediment for those daring and hardy enough to trek across the Sahara.
When the data fabric changes, lots of other things change, too.
He threw 88 on Monday and his 86th pitch was an 88-mile-per-hour fastball that struck out Josh Willingham.
Greece, the unlikely winner of the 2004 continental title, will play Poland in the tournament’s opening match, and Coach Fernando Santos’s Greece squad settled into the team’s base near Warsaw on Sunday .
“He embraced me and kissed me on the forehead,” Nasser said.
There is at least one way that that prescribing a lower share of brand-name drugs could help patient outcomes as well as federal finances, the authors suggest.
If losses were to rise to more than $5 billion, the analysts added, a dividend cut would become more likely.
News media around the world were rapt: it wasn’t just that Mr. McAfee’s name was stubbornly familiar, a relic of the early days when computer users installed his software to keep viruses away.
“The result is that the child survived.
The sixth-year pro is rangy and (most of the time) offers good ball skills.
The 4C coupe, unveiled in concept form at the 2011 Geneva motor show, is expected to herald the return of the Alfa marque to America.
Mondays through Saturdays, 10 a.m. to 4 p.m. Lyme Academy College of Fine Arts, 84 Lyme Street.
On that very hot afternoon, I felt mostly for the teacher — and for my eldest son, who’d studied with him and worked on a couple of community productions as a stagehand.
Mr. Sheridan (“My Left Foot”) wrote the film with his own two daughters; the three were nominated for best original screenplay.
“The company expects that it will take some time for the U.S. economy to get back onto a steady, upward growth track,” the filing said.
Bar Ludena Where the locals a go for tapas and beers.
A late goal allowed 10-man Iran to beat South Korea, 1-0, in Tehran.
Mr. Price wrote in his e-mail exchange with Mr. Wang, “Journalistic ethics are at stake.
With its 7-5 victory over Notre Dame on Saturday, top-seeded Loyola reached the final again, more than a decade after Toomey took a $17,000 salary to join the team as an assistant.
A couple years ago, Ivanka Trump bought 20 faux-chinchilla earmuffs for her closest friends.
We face a number of challenges in this project.
Based on the 1991 film about Marines engaged in a woman-humiliating ritual, “Dogfight” proceeds with a melancholy, hesitant tunefulness that seems to be apologizing for any unpleasantness.
Involution is about creating an internal complexity that makes any mechanism highly efficient but also highly susceptible to malfunction.
Others hope that the 1,900 part-time jobs offered at the arena will help lift a severely underemployed borough, that retail chains opening along Atlantic and Flatbush Avenues will spur small businesses and that property values will soar.
When she set out to define neighborhood borders for the book, Ms. Keller contacted dozens of local experts and historians for each entry.
And, as in the awards review, he said, it will probably be given only rarely to more than three people on a single film.
PAGE B1 Sports EVEN THE LITTLEST LEAGUES COME WITH BIG PRICE TAGS If you have not outfitted a little slugger lately, prepare for sticker shock.
10 and 11 before rolling in birdie putts on 12, 13 and 17.
Toast winners?” No, but they were largely on their own.
Businesses fear that the nightly protests could detract from the festival season, which is scheduled to begin Friday with the Montreal Formula One Grand Prix race.
BayWay Arts Center, 265 East Main Street.
The structural issues go deeper.
Inflaming tempers, two Japanese government ministers — the National Public Safety Commission chairman, Jin Matsubara, and the land minister, Yuichiro Hata — visited the Yasukuni Shrine in Tokyo on Wednesday to mark the anniversary of Japan’s capitulation in World War II.
Having idly wished her annoying husband would just die, she suddenly finds him felled by a heart attack.
“I want to be clear,” Mr. Carney said.
‘Chicago’ Jazz Age sex, murder and razzle-dazzle (2:25).
My biggest worry with their approach to education — which is very common in Europe — is that, in the past, you could assume that what students learn was going to last for their lifetime, so you could focus much of teaching on routine cognitive skills.
In the year before their deaths, about 20 percent were nursing home residents.
As a result, many patients died waiting for organs.
Elsewhere in Afghanistan, a suicide bomber in the Trezi district of Khost Province attacked a police post on Saturday, detonating explosives that killed 10 people: three policemen and seven civilians, including six children who had been visiting the post, according to the district governor, Amir Padishah Dawran.
Some insights from New Yorkers like Gay Talese, Gabrielle Hamilton and Sean Avery on where to eat and drink in New York.
They are a relief from the nasty commercials that dominate the campaign, fed by donations that are effectively unlimited and anonymous.
“Whether through our signs, markings or sidewalks, we’re bringing clarity and simplicity to street design.” Mr. Meeker said in an e-mail a few weeks ago: “I noticed the street name sign in the paper.
An Beal Bocht Cafe, 445 West 238th Street.
Critics railed that it would cost small companies too much, which it may have, though the evidence is debated .
In fact, legal experts say, the police require reasonable suspicion that a person is about to or has just committed a penal code violation before stopping that person.
RACHEL STRAUBER New York, April 12, 2012 The letter from Rabbi Ross conveys the delicate balance between church and state that America has long maintained.
In Mac OS X , go to the Apple menu and select System Preferences, or click on the gear-shaped System Preferences icon in the desktop Dock.
We don’t want to get drawn into a military conflict.
To compensate for the loss of Banks, Lincoln used McDowell’s corps to protect Washington.
“It would be fairly expensive if I wanted to fight it,” Hesch said.
The photograph is striking, but the reality behind it may be more so.
A government official in Beijing may officially make 5,000 yuan a month’’ — about $790 — “but there’s no way that he’s only making that much money.” Tuition at Mr. Jiang’s high school is nearly $12,700 a year, he said.
“Now I say: ‘My day was all right.
But a renovated single-family home in that area is hard to come by, and there are one or two examples nearby of similar prices on a per-square-foot basis.
An off-duty captain who was aboard entered the cockpit and took over, according to JetBlue.
The Volcker Rule, for all its good intentions, may perhaps unleash a burst of rapid financial innovation to do something it never intended: recreating the prefinancial crisis division between investment banks and commercial banks.
Non-euro Eastern and Central European countries have their own concerns about a potential run on their banks, which would not be part of the new central system or backstopped by the European bailout fund.
It is usually festive at the Hôtel Concorde La Fayette, on the western edge of Paris, the evening after the Tour de France ’s final stage.
Even from the opponent’s territory, Madden didn’t want Guy to aim the ball to the sideline: As good as Ray was, I always got letters from fans on why I didn’t order him to punt to the coffin-corner, meaning down inside the 5-yard line near the sideline where the ball might bounce out of bounds… Believe me, if a punter tries for the coffin-corner, he may bounce it out of bounds inside the 5 every once in a while.
“That is undeniable, just like the Holocaust,” Mr. Zhang said.
“If not from them, where can one find the information?” The Transportation Department said last week that it was “working on the launch plan” and promised to update the public “as soon as we finalize all the details.” When asked to clarify the software problems on Thursday, Seth Solomonow, a spokesman for the department, said, “All we’re saying is, refer to previous statements on this, including the mayor’s.” A spokesman for Alison Cohen, the president of Alta Bicycle Share , which is operating the program, said Ms. Cohen was not available for interviews or comment.
The Eagles have a habit of trading up to get their lineman of choice, and Cox came for the price of a fourth- and sixth-round pick.
Mr. Kilcullen, author of “The Accidental Guerrilla,” is one of the better known proponents of the Pentagon’s embrace, several years ago, of an updated counterinsurgency doctrine, which became the foundation for the Western campaign in Afghanistan, which remains frustrated in many ways by the men who wrote these poems.
The sale collapsed because the buyer became leery of whether the sellers legally owned the painting, court records say.
Instead, more than 400 people came to that gathering, and they continued to meet at the Englewood Christian Church community hall.
Was that supposed to be an insult to the Broncos?
She wasn’t the only one with a grin.
Without fear or favor is a tradition that will always guide decisions about publishing sensitive national security stories.
One reason is its scale — this year the festival pulled together 289 features and 83 shorts from 72 countries — which has always made it difficult to get a firm handle on the event.
The Gagosian Gallery is about to unveil a sweeping Lucio Fontana retrospective at its West 24th Street space.
“Would you mind not leaving?” Abbott said, Mr. Alexander recalled in an interview with Show Music magazine in 1994.
And when I returned with their stories, and we saw how their various perspectives of the same avalanche wove together, we invited the smart people in our interactive and graphics departments to help with the telling.
The Nationals’ Ryan Zimmerman reached base five times and was a triple shy of hitting for the cycle.
Chocolates and hot chocolate from Scharffen Berger will be given as free samples and also be sold to take home on Tuesday from 8 a.m. to 3 p.m. outdoors in the meatpacking district on the triangle between 14th Street, Hudson Street and Ninth Avenue.
Redeeming himself, Golson threw a pretty 24-yard touchdown pass to tie the score at 10-10 early in the fourth quarter.
“It’s great, and it’s a great run, but we are only worried about the next two wins in this series,” Spurs center Tim Duncan said.
In our country, with access to technology and the Internet in schools and public libraries, those seeking to learn can do so at no cost.
national champion, and on national signing day their success continued by securing the No.
Comedy DIX HILLS Dix Hills Performing Arts Center “The Wild Women of Comedy,” featuring Anne LiPuma, Kit Stewart and others.
The organizers, though, claim to be motivated by something more than simple escapism: “A three-day camp requires a commitment to interact with people longer than it takes to thumb-type a text message saying you’ll be seven minutes late,” Santos said.
(Sept. 28): 10 Columbus Circle, (212) 823-9500.
The sidebars, in which the author takes readers on wonderful test drives of each Healey, are special treats.
“The desperation of the Argentine people has taken over and they are actually market leaders here now,” Ms. Sanchez said.
If and when he does, expect García to have a firm grip on the trophy.
They recruited Nisei, second-generation Japanese-Americans, who filled a wide range of roles, including translating captured documents and going ashore in places like Okinawa to try to persuade captured Japanese not to kill themselves.
But to watch Federer and other powerful men, like Milos Raonic or Nicolas Almagro, use it regularly is to realize that the shot is also becoming an increasingly firm and dangerous weapon, typically cross-court and spectacularly low as a passing shot or rally extender.
The tournament, which was held in London and ended Wednesday, is part of a series to select two participants for the 2014 Candidates Matches.
In May 1862, with Union troops advancing on Norfolk, the Confederacy destroyed the damaged ship rather than let it fall into Union hands.
But employers claim that without right-to-work laws, unions would organize more members, and as wages increase, jobs would be lost.
Good news for Swofford and the A.C.C.
That is precisely what race organizers want.
He said he opposed the mandate, but he believed the exchange could make it easier for citizens to buy policies.
See his beans staked off to the side with poles and branches he had gathered nearby.
He’s down there: ‘And so now, let’s welcome Ron Johnson, and Mitt Romney, the next president of the United States!
and the ability to run at sustained triple-digit speeds without engine damage.
But it would still be a serious blow for Mr. Rajoy’s conservative government, which was elected last November with a parliamentary majority by voters punishing the previous Socialist administration for perceived economic mismanagement.
“Unlike other brands that went through a choppy time, the Digg brand has not been diluted,” Mr. Borthwick said.
But you won’t get any class-war envy from me about a man worth upward of $250 million paying the same rate as someone earning, say, $55,000 a year.
Greg McIntyre Glendale, Calif. • To the Sports Editor: The N.C.A.A.
When I write something on my Facebook wall, why does the site put my location on my post when I’m on the computer, but not when I post from my phone?
spent a total of about $40 million on Facebook annually, most of that on managing its own presence and developing applications.
“How small a chance was there that there would be a situation where they would sneak it on a fourth-and-short?
His father retired as the leader of Temple Sinai in Washington, and is now an adjunct instructor at the Wesley Theological Seminary of American University in Washington.
records, in 1960 he turned to the federal government for help with the kind of problem families usually handle themselves.
Many of those prints eventually turned into a book called “ McClellan Street ” (Indiana University Press, 2007), which Mr. Turnley published with his identical twin, David Turnley, who is also a well-known photojournalist .
Mr. Fisher wanted to meet to talk about a property he was selling.
Those features proved vital last year after a magnitude 9 quake off Japan’s Northeastern coast shook buildings in Tokyo and wrecked a nuclear power station that had provided much of the city’s electricity.
“And most of all a captain cannot be appointed.
Even though the Wildcats were more than 800 miles from their campus in Evanston, Ill., the stands were filled with young girls sporting their team’s colors.
We bobbled balls and we looked tired.” Those were observations made often by D’Antoni in the six straight defeats that hastened his resignation, but the Knicks had rallied since then, finding a collective spirit and a defensive conscience that carried them for a time.
The hot-pepper vodka recipe featured in my recent column is wonderfully simple and effective: all it takes is one bottle of vodka, one hot pepper and time.
“Everyone who was anyone used to come through at least once,” he said.
There is no question that nuclear plants must be built with the highest regard to safety.
A loss to the Padres snapped a 10-game winning streak on Monday.
The series of messages revealed little other than that he was very happy to be with the Knicks and that his jersey number will be 8.
Ms. Tian mirrored the ensemble’s passion and energetic commitment, although her tone sometimes turned hard-edged, and she could have better conveyed the work’s dark, soulful nature.
Tsunehisa Katsumata, then the company’s chairman, can be heard assuring a company adviser at headquarters that further hydrogen explosions are unlikely.
“It always amazed me, he’d run his finger right down the middle of the page,” Mr. Steely said.
The rookie David Phelps, who had been the Yankees long reliever, is pitching in Freddy Garcia’s spot on Thursday in Kansas City.
On the wall behind the men a message in pale script, purportedly signed by the Free Syrian Army, an anti-Assad resistance force, said that the deaths were the fate of all collaborators.
This bond between YouTube creator and audience is of increasing interest to some advertisers.
They have been marketing Apple’s immunity far more than Apple has and they are far more vulnerable.
KATHRYN SHATTUCK PHOTOS (PHOTOGRAPH BY CMT)
For example, new realms in Central America, East Asia and Oceana emerged.
But in the last year, he has let some lieutenants take on more responsibility, the better to prepare Nintendo for his eventual retirement.
Drama aspires to be a consideration of a moral dilemma, and tragedy must be such.
may create a model for others to follow.
They are not necessarily doing so enthusiastically: a recent Pew poll found that there has been little improvement in Republican voters’ overall views of their candidates, which is unusual but not unprecedented.
But certainly, it did not in The News of the World.” He said the behavior there was an aberration, a claim that appeared to be at odds with revelations and accusations of phone and computer hacking at other Murdoch-owned papers.
San Antonio Botanical Garden, July 21 and 28, 9 a.m., sabot.org DALLAS Rooting Around Now that Sarah Jarosz , the Grammy -nominated bluegrass prodigy from Wimberley, has turned 21, she can accept beer from fans grateful for her original mix of traditional music and Tom Waits and Radiohead covers.
As he writes, “In the less forgiving light of cold reality, I have lived my life as many actors have: available and waiting, and often in a sort of emotional wilderness, feeling alone and apart.” Mr. Langella, 74, is clearly capable of the kind of insight into his own fears and foibles that is often absent from the memoirs of celebrities, but one refreshing aspect of “Dropped Names” is its outward focus.
Following his victory in the Iowa caucuses four years ago, he was a favorite to end Hillary Rodham Clinton’s campaign with a blowout victory in New Hampshire.
But the conservative calls on those first two runs seemed notable less for the outcome than for what they signified: the implicit decision that, at that time, no other options would have been better.
Last week, I wrote about older people in nursing homes who are transferred to hospitals when their health takes a turn for the worse, even if they don’t want aggressive medical interventions.
That is the basic rule of Hollywood investment.
In June, a lower appeals court, the United States Army Court of Criminal Appeals, denied the defense’s request to bar Colonel Gross from removing Major Hasan from the courtroom.
The Darien Historical Society, 45 Old Kings Highway North.
Straight ahead is a long counter facing the open kitchen where Mr. Cardoz is on duty, watching over a state-of-the-art open grill.
Her message: “Women have the choice,” Tagg Romney said, echoing his mother’s remarks.
Ryan said if we were serious, we should practice a ton before trying it on our own, or call him to come out and do it with us.
The brothers went on to purchase 1,000 acres of the Bynum Plantation, along with its 36 slaves, in 1837 (they later bought another sugar plantation, Caney Place, as well as a cotton plantation, Palo Alto).
As he left the arena around 11 p.m. on Friday, while Jay-Z was still performing, he said, “Management decided to comply with the mayor’s recommendations; that’s their prerogative.” “Not that I’m in favor of obesity,” Mr. Markowitz added, patting his not insignificant belly.
“We need to walk the talk,” he said.
Many who know Mr. Gingrich see parallels with his earlier wives.
It’s a different sensibility.” There was another big difference between the two, Seinfeld noted: “Working clean.” Almost from the beginning, Seinfeld has forsworn graphic language in his bits, dismissing it as a crutch.
There are new cases in each episode and also deepening complications.
Ms. Lenox brings her usual appealingly natural grit to the sharp-tongued but fundamentally generous Mrs. Duke.
It’s been a real experience.” As the recovery drags on, a growing need is for mental health care.
“God only knows, the Waldorf might not have any silverware if she’d gone more.” Nathanael Mullener, a retired psychologist from New Orleans, said he was sending back a teapot, “a compact, pink one-cupper with silver trim” that had had a place in a corner cabinet in his family’s house in Queens when he was growing up.
So in a sense, it has all been an accident.” Hoffman says that when he moved to New York in 1958, casting directors were looking for blond hair and blue eyes.
The kindest and clearest way to regard “Masks” is as a kaleidoscopic vision of the collected works of Williams.
Menzie Chinn and Jeffry Frieden believe that whipping up inflation could solve our debt problems.
The company, they note, is increasingly folding its information discovery, or analytics, technology into its social business software.
For months, though, protesters have complained that private security guards and police officers have enforced unpublished rules, sometimes saying that pizzas, books and backpacks were not allowed in the park, and in July telling a 55-year-old woman that a folding chair was banned.
TAXES: $4,881 a year CONTACT: Pamela Miller, Exit Realty Advantage (503) 805-7212; exitportland.net .
Despite the Bee Gees’ close association with disco, the Gibb brothers had long insisted that they had no stake in the genre.
In 1971, his aging mother arranged for him to marry Zohra Sellami, a 26-year-old Algerian journalist.
Her lovely singing complemented the haunting excerpts from the male chorus, which also sounded gorgeous in that scene.
As recently as last October, a House subcommittee conducted a hearing titled “Uncertain Justice: The Status of Federal Sentencing and the U.S.
As The New York Times reported on Saturday , racewalking is popular in Latin America and is seen by athletic federations as an inexpensive way to compete for international medals.
Valérie Trierweiler faces an uncommon predicament.
“Each of them has its own reason not to be very warm to the idea of a more empowered Saudi Arabia,” said Emile Hokayem, a Middle East analyst with the International Institute for Strategic Studies who is based in Manama.
Just because he can be irritating doesn’t mean he’s wrong.
They first considered plans from renowned architect and urban planner David Burnham for a city with large boulevards and classical structures, but instead opted for the far more practical solution of rebuilding the city largely where it had stood.
Central Florida will enter the Big East for the 2013-14 season.
Only one day after former Senator John Edwards escaped conviction in federal court on six corruption charges, Rielle Hunter announced some news of her own: she has written a memoir.
She changes her mind en route, and they end up camping out in her parents’ vacant summer house.
The report also found that 51 percent of academy women and 10 percent of men who answered a survey in the spring said they had been sexually harassed during the previous year.
The goal, says Karen Cahn, general manager of branded experiences at AOL, a Cliffs Notes partner, is to create “edutainment” that inspires young people to read the original.
A film that ran on Tuesday on the state-controlled Rossiya-1 channel asserted that Pussy Riot’s performance was planned and financed by an exiled tycoon, Boris Berezovsky, an enemy of Mr. Putin’s.
Henry made no public statement about his visit and was not seen at the hospital where Muamba, 23, is being cared for, but the Professional Footballers’ Association official Bobby Barnes confirmed the visit to Associated Press.
“Five dollars they want for coffee in here,” she said between greeting other regulars and trading opera and ballet gossip.
“I want them to shut this project down completely.” Myanmar’s new civilian government, led by President Thein Sein, is moving swiftly toward a less dictatorial society, releasing hundreds of political prisoners and abolishing media censorship.
Google also shows ads on the mobile version of YouTube, including video ads like movie trailers before YouTube videos.
It is victim to unregulated ownerships that allowed any foreign suitor promising riches to pretend that they had the money and the know-how to own a British team.
He plans to vote for Mitt Romney.
A special of scallops wrapped in bacon sounded appealing, and those scallops retained all their sweetness and juiciness, but the limp bacon wanted crisping.
The backdrop of a wrought iron staircase and a palazzo window looking out from beyond the mosaic catwalk summed up the story: delicacy with strength.
Yet the question continues to be raised, including Thursday at a news conference here where Zagunis, a two-time gold medal winner in fencing, was chosen to carry the American flag.
Ms. Belz's film meanders a bit as we see Mr. Richter planning exhibitions with his assistants (they put tiny photos of the works into dollhouselike models of galleries); attending openings and museum shows (where some of his figurative work is seen); facing a storm of clicking cameras and flashbulbs.
These are maroon and cup-shaped to attract gnats and other flies.
Or at the very least, a currency for jokes.
Should high school athletes be screened for heart trouble before taking to the practice field?
“We’re just in the beginning of everything.
The drives have covered 82 yards and 75 yards, and K-State’s defense looks susceptible to Baylor’s speed advantage.
A critically acclaimed production of “Clybourne Park,” the 2011 Pulitzer Prize winner for drama by Bruce Norris, will open on Broadway at the Walter Kerr Theater on April 12, a spokesman for the show said on Wednesday.
Defense Minister Ehud Barak toured a newly deployed mobile unit near Tel Aviv on Sunday and described Iron Dome as “probably the most technologically impressive achievement in recent years in Israel.” He called its performance “almost perfect.” By preventing mass casualties, experts said, Israel’s leaders have retained public support for the continuing operation and have had more time to weigh a possible ground incursion.
(“Ghost” seems too simplistic a label for a man accessed via a typewriter time machine.)
We then asked readers to weigh in, via Twitter, on their favorites.
PRINCETON Paul Robeson Center for the Arts “Drawing Beyond,” an exhibition of contemporary drawings.
Wanda’s interest in AMC comes as China has been rushing headlong into new business alliances with American movie companies, as it seeks to double the contribution to its economy from entertainment and media in the next five years.
Worse yet, said Jeff Tittel, the director of the New Jersey chapter of the Sierra Club, are the developers and corporations that own large tracts on which some level of agricultural activity makes them eligible for the farmland tax exemption.
And if you’re opposed to government bailouts, you have to support these reforms.” So what accounts for the collapse?
Advocates are now pushing to abolish the statute of limitations for child sex abuse and open a window for civil suits over long-past abuses.
Gail : I don’t blame you for wanting to dodge the Republicans’ proposal to raise revenue by eliminating tax deductions.
Have them find each element on today’s front page , then find as many as they can on the home page.
In most realms, if somebody hits three home runs against you in one inning, you have the option of picking up your equipment and inventing a different game.
If you do decide to use TurboTax, it’s more cost-effective for same-sex couples to buy TurboTax Deluxe — specifically the downloaded or C.D.
Talks are continuing on how to unlock a 31.5 billion euro installment of loans for Greece from its international bailout program, money it needs to stave off bankruptcy.
Ratliff, the team’s defensive anchor, suffered an injury of indeterminate length and they were forced to deal multiple assets, including their best three-point shooter, Toni Kukoc, in order to acquire Dikembe Mutombo.
Sir Francis and Lady May displayed the outmost courage, afterwards proceeding calmly through the crowded streets to receive addresses of welcome.
The pain that goes into it all is unbelievable but it’s worth it every single time.
Census data indicates that they cut across a broad range of occupations: doctors, auto dealers and dilettantes, professional athletes and financial planners, family farmers, entrepreneurs, two-income couples, corporate executives and hedge fund managers.
“It wasn’t a good area for me.” Mrs. Kelly, who formerly managed a surf shop in Florida, is a holistic health coach, and organic food is more her style.
An outbreak of hantavirus infection in Curry Village, a popular camping area in Yosemite Valley, had killed two people.
More by accident than by design, Judith Berkson has followed a circuitous and genre-hopping musical path.
At 8 p.m., Mannes Concert Hall, 150 West 85th Street, Manhattan, (212) 580-0210, Ext.
Fluidly combining animation, photographs, clip-art and extraordinary color, this piece is like an exquisitely made Fabergé egg that explodes in your face.
A graduate of Yale University, he received his doctoral degree in anthropology from Harvard University.
“That is a new and dangerous mixture, with a very rigid nationalist focus.” On the Web site of Mr. Ponta, the government has denied any intention to seize control of the cultural apparatus or limit freedom of expression.
In 2003, the advice to women was to start screening within three years of sexual activity, but no later than 21.
He fully adopted the committee’s recommendation that 14 broad categories of cancer, encompassing 50 specific types, should be deemed as related to the attacks.
So Ms. Zuckerman and her mother, Karen, an advertising executive in Washington, started Dormify.com , an e-commerce site that sells stylish (and generally more expensive) bedding sets, wall decals and sorority-themed items like posters and Greek prints.
Thank James Trager for making these historical nuggets readily available to the reading public.
The last watch fell to Ms. De Leon.
He complicates matters further by warning writers to “acknowledge their sources fully and without hedging.” Leavitt, in his own case, failed to acknowledge that he had appropriated Spender’s work, while Olafsson unequivocally identifies Origo as his model.
In late 2009, the agency declared that it was, and so had to be regulated.
The report was bad news because it suggested that the rise in claims over previous weeks might not have been, as some optimists hoped, a statistical fluke caused by the timing of Easter.
A CLASH OF KINGS, by George R. R. Martin.
In 2009, the Texas Department of Transportation estimated that the project would yield $18.1 billion for a private firm over the life of the contract, public records show.
And a provision that’s already become a symbol of government overreach seems unlikely to become more popular once there are thousands of individuals and businesses with concrete grievances against it.
In the N.F.L., the Jets are looking like the sale table that has been ransacked in the wake of their benching of quarterback Mark Sanchez.
Both teams could take some measure of satisfaction from the result.
Ms. Gonzalez said that Mr. Massas was on his second day working on the Throgs Neck crossing, that he had been in construction for three years and that she occasionally expressed worry about his working on bridges.
You have to communicate with that person; he needs to have a really good relationship with the leadership team so he can translate the vision to the customer.
to address an issue that is more complicated than the rules suggest.
But so far, this data is tracking toward a decent-size convention bounce for Mr. Obama.
“Many of them have left Syria with just the clothes on their back,” Mr. Lake said, “but those clothes are suited for hot weather and we face an even bigger task of turning tents into prefabricated buildings and schools.” In a dusty haze last week, construction workers could be seen building more permanent structures.
Then, as Shumpert picked at a fruit and cheese plate in the green room, Novak, who is from Wisconsin, chided him for cheese discrimination.
The league president ratified the suspension he had already imposed on Mr. Mandl.
Manning entered the game with 22 such rallies — including a remarkable eight last season — and all the ingredients seemed in place for No.
And he was absolutely correct there.” York has instilled these values into his program at B.C., and it shows in the character of his players.
I SUCK AT GIRLS, by Justin Halpern.
Some of those future payoffs are from federal stimulus money.
But expectation has now left the Dutch small and fragile and nearly out of possibility.
“We are very attentive to our overall capital plan over the next couple of years.
An entry on the e-book fiction best-seller list on April 15 for ''The Marriage Bargain'' misidentified the publisher.
He thanked his family, his agent and his trainer for encouraging him to concentrate fully on baseball and make the most of the potential he showed as a young Yankee.
Mondays, 11 a.m. to 5:30 p.m.; Tuesdays through Fridays, 10 a.m. to 5:30 p.m.; Saturdays, 10 a.m. to 5 p.m.; Sundays, by appointment.
Slogans like “L Raisers,” “L Yes” and “Card Nation” are immediate invitations to verbal disputes over the history of the two programs and a lack of championships.
This is the second time that someone treated roughly by Don has hanged himself: in Season 1 it was Don’s half-brother, Adam Whitman.
Ms. Bridges: I’m not convinced after seeing three table designs (and a bathtub that reminds me of an ashtray) that Brad Pitt should quit his day job to be in the furniture or product design game.
We want to know — we need to know something about what we are looking at.
Now, a new study that makes use of powerful databases of genetic information has found that raising HDL levels may not make any difference to heart disease risk.
Austerity measures, rising unemployment, the uncertainty of its future in the European Union — during the past five years of recession, Greece has been a fixture in global headlines.
“I extend my deepest apologies to the young man,” he said.
Mohegan Sun, 1 Mohegan Sun Boulevard.
We cannot deal with every single cartoon character, we cannot deal with every love life of every celebrity.
Renee (Vanessa Williams) reaches the end of her rope when Ben (Charles Mesure) is arrested before their wedding.
And, yes, I cried each of the three times I saw it.
Mr. Dunnell has considered changing his cellphone number but concluded it would be too disruptive.
“It would be both tragic and ironic if a restored Germany, by peaceful means and with the best of intentions, brought about the ruin of the European order a third time.” The latest evidence of euro zone contagion reaching German banks may mean Germany has to step in, if not to save Europe, then at least to save itself.
Nevertheless, Sudan said its forces would soon “liberate” the city, and fighting was reported on Friday.
The question is, how will they use their muscle now?
Page A19 Business JOB GAINS REFLECT HOPE THAT RECOVERY IS BLOOMING With the government reporting that the unemployment rate and the number of jobless fell in January to their lowest levels since President Obama's first month in office, the nation got its strongest signal yet that the recovery is spreading to the jobs market.
Over the last four years, federal revenue as a share of the economy has fallen to its lowest level in nearly 60 years, a result of the recession, the weak recovery and a decade’s worth of serial tax cuts.
He has a healthy income, a credit score of about 760, and simply wanted to reduce his 6 percent mortgage rate.
In a time — the 1980s and ’90s — when some artists re-embraced representational painting and others tackled thorny political topics, Moore did both, and with unusual flair, reviving and revising a panoply of outré realist styles in luminous allegorical canvases that comment on, and link, environmental degradation and the tragedy of AIDS.
More airlines will soon be joining the program, too.
It is backed up by the Chamber of Commerce, the American Bar Association and the state of Delaware, which is the lone state to have hired a lobbyist to work on the matter.
That’s never going to happen — and shouldn’t.
I had some friends in the business, so I’d done a few jobs in Germany, I guess, but it was never so incredible.
Oz” and “Ellen”; and on comedy like “The Late Show With David Letterman ,” which tends to draw older viewers.
Dr. Julius’s team found that the bats had recruited a different ion channel/ receptor called TRPV1 to become an infrared sensor.
How much protection do banks owe their older customers?
But cloud computing is leveling even this elite realm of technology, a development underlined by an announcement at a conference on Thursday.
The agency covers losses from fees on the loans that it guarantees, but its reserves are already on the verge of exhaustion.
And that is not necessarily a good thing.
The always strong Westminster Symphonic Choir took part in the short but crucial choral scenes.
That’s not the America I know.
The lines of electoral districts at the state and federal levels are being redrawn to reflect population changes.
“I don’t fictionalize,” he said, “but I can add a little more hair.” When Ms. Weiss, of New Jersey, gets requests to depict deceased relatives as guests, she proposes alternative solutions, like painting in the person’s initials.
9 A.M. (CNN) STATE OF THE UNION WITH CANDY CROWLEY Ms. Crowley speaks with the Republican presidential candidate Gov.
If anything, they say, she is the most plain-spoken and openly self-critical of the bunch, who include Ciaran Hinds (“Munich,” the recent USA series “Political Animals”) as Big Daddy and the Tony Award winner Debra Monk (“Redwood Curtain”) as Big Mama.
The Cowboys’ offensive line was able to provide Romo with all kinds of time to throw.
What works in the applicant’s favor?
Shale oil, in contrast, could be a boon for Russia.
“The Socialists have really become a party of the center-right,” Mr. Kahn said.
British police officials said Thursday that they had charged five people with terrorism offenses but insisted the accusations were not related to the Olympic Games, which open here next Friday amid a shortage of civilian security personnel that has forced an expanded military deployment .
With determination and abundant miles in the air, she forged an unwieldy diplomatic and military alliance, at once cajoling and reassuring leaders as disparate as President Nicolas Sarkozy of France and Sheikh Hamad bin Jassim bin Jabr al-Thani, prime minister and foreign minister of Qatar.
“I got to the first tee and the fans were lined seven-deep all the way down the hole,” Jobe said.
When the police went to his residence in nearby Anne Arundel County, they found him wearing a T-shirt with the slogan “Guns don’t kill people, I do,” police officials said at a news conference and in the affidavit.
You won Cups with Montreal, Colorado and twice with New Jersey, scored 80 playoff goals and were involved in some controversial hits over the years.
You’ve been following the campaign, have an adequate knowledge of the candidates’ records and views, but still haven’t been able to make up your mind.
She bought the items anyway.
Indeed, even as his office was busy trying Mr. Gupta, Mr. Bharara wrote an op-ed article in The New York Times, saying that he had “come to worry about few things as much as the gathering cyberthreat.” At a cybersecurity conference in January, he listed it as his top concern.
To some Republican officials, even those with real qualms about Mr. Gingrich, this period is not so much about an establishment reasserting itself or disqualifying one of the candidates as it is about putting their eventual nominee through an ordeal that will prepare him to go up against President Obama and the Democrats in the fall.
Perhaps given Mr. Davis’s recent time in the spotlight after the death of Ms. Houston this year, the publisher is expecting significant demand.
He played a forlorn Los Angeles screenwriter in the laid-back love story “In Search of a Midnight Kiss” (2007) and an opportunistic photographer in the alien-invasion road movie “Monsters” (2010).
Westport Historical Society, 25 Avery Place.
Not that it was easy to get made.
Bruce Horton, the group’s leader, said in an interview in his office, which overlooks San Francisco Bay.
Despite having been linked through the Lil’ Penny character for nearly 20 years, Hardaway and Rock have spent little time together as their parts in the commercials were filmed separately.
I want to sell songs to 13-year-old girls, not to guys throwing spears.” In 1987 Mr. Sims unsuccessfully sued the Marley estate for $6 million, claiming that Marley had tried to avoid paying him royalties by publishing songs pseudonymously.
The fourth film in the “Step Up” franchise has some dandy flash-mob-style dance numbers, though like its predecessors it is burdened by a predictable plot and unintentionally laughable dialogue.
NEW BRUNSWICK Boyd Park Hub City Sounds: StarFish, children’s rock.
On the way, they started talking; White was friendly and outgoing.
Chris Kreider, the Rangers’ first-round pick in 2009, is expected to see his entry-level contract finalized in the next 24 hours.
Rondo is their most important player, and also their most volatile.
GPS functions could lead viewers exactly where they want to go.
The league has made rule changes designed to reduce injuries; altered its procedures for allowing the resumption of play in games and practices after head injuries; and levied unprecedented suspensions and fines as punishment for what it said was a bounty system used by the New Orleans Saints to reward players for debilitating hits.
To get around transparency requirements, they call themselves “social welfare organizations” and claim 501(c)4 status under IRS tax law.
Staples hopes Mr. Cameron will ultimately engage with the locals, something he promised in an interview he would do — potentially discussing, for instance, how to improve the quality of soil on his new land so that he can grow crops.
Ms. Schemel joined Ms. Love’s band, Hole, and went on to a level of fame.
What it isn’t: It isn’t different.
Of course, nobody eats like this anymore.
They saw the outline of a body seemingly face up, with a foot-high blueberry bush growing through it.
He distrusted his 2,000 New Mexico volunteers, who were arrayed alongside a handful of Colorado volunteers and 1,200 regulars.
In short, candidates have become little more than proxies, as the wealthy attack one another on issues in which they have a direct, often financial, stake: Wall Street regulation, climate change, health care and foreign policy.
Anne is survived by her sister, Emily.
Not all market indicators are negative.
You rubbed it on the affected spot, and as it melted, you tore away the cup and continued.
It’s also worth noting that, unlike the Proposition 8 case, defamation is not a constitutional matter for a judge.
I’ve seen the sun bake the windows of the Williamsburgh Savings Bank Tower until every subway rider coming up out of The Pit looks to have clawed their way out of a hothouse firefight.
Even though this area of Belize has some spectacular diving, it is relatively far from the main airport, and there are no major scuba dive centers.
Because if it doesn’t, I’m going to go play Angry Birds .
Pisgat Zeev has a mall of Israel’s leading chains, while Har Homa, a working-class stretch of apartment blocks whose construction in the 1990s prompted an international outcry, is studded with state-of-the-art playgrounds.
Joseph J. Lhota, the chairman of the Metropolitan Transportation Authority, has said that service could return about 12 hours after the storm ends in earnest, and officials have suggested that Wednesday is perhaps the likeliest day for service to return, but it all hinges on how the equipment holds up against the brunt of the storm.
Going strong into her upper register, she alternated between soft and hard voices, and sang about God, her recent surgery, or both.
In 2000, the Yankees went from 84-59 on Sept. 13, nine games up, to 87-74 at the end of the season, somehow losing 15 of their last 18 games.
It was very peaceful, with only the birds and the rustle of the leaves.
“I was doing pictures, but never knew what was going to be recorded.” They started in Romania and from there went to Bulgaria and Turkey, to Armenia and Azerbaijan (neither of which borders the Black Sea, though both are included in the Black Sea Economic Cooperation).
A weekend visit revealed that the space was closed and blocked off with plastic sheeting.
The big question is: How do we make sure that evidence like this makes it into policy systematically?
“There are some things that obviously he needs to work on as far as being a leader,” Tomlinson said, referring to Holmes.
When Medicare secures lower prices, it shares the savings with beneficiaries.
I plan to check in again just to experience, once more, Ms. Bretall’s huevos con crema, which involves two organic eggs coddled in cream and butter, locally made chorizo and a crust of herbed Parmesan.
Also, more German students came for graduate degrees than undergraduate degrees.
The vessel has sunk, the Coast Guard confirmed Thursday night.
With the catastrophic losses of 2011, the firm, founded by John A. Paulson , will now have to make more than 100 percent in investment gains to reclaim the lost ground.
So far, interest in the Democratic National Convention is on par with 2008, when the first and second nights were seen by 22.3 million and 26 million people, respectively.
He said that intense competition from Maryland and Pennsylvania was projected to drive down Delaware’s gambling revenues to $206.4 million in the year that began in July, from $248.8 million in the 2011 fiscal year.
Mr. Kasparov was arrested as a crowd awaited the widely expected guilty verdict in the band members’ trial.
(Ferritin is a protein that binds to iron.)
“They know we don’t have any control over drone strikes,” Dr. Bruce Aylward, the polio-eradication chief of the World Health Organization, told my colleague Donald G. McNeil Jr. “And I’ve yet to meet a parent who prefers a paralyzed kid .
Ms. Sadik-Khan said a corresponding safety campaign for drivers would include advertisements emblazoned on 300 city buses and bus shelters.
Mr. Reyes, speaking to reporters Tuesday night when a runoff still appeared likely, told reporters that Mr. O’Rourke “deliberately ran a nasty, dirty, filthy campaign.” He told his supporters that El Paso today was very different, for the better, than the El Paso of 1997, when he entered Congress.
“If you’re willing to work with me again and knock on some doors with me, make some phone calls for me and turn out for me,” Mr. Obama told supporters on Thursday, “we’ll win this election.” A poll by Marist, NBC News and The Wall Street Journal of likely Wisconsin voters released Wednesday showed Mr. Obama favored 49 to 46 percent over Mr. Romney, within the margin of sampling error.
As one official puts it, “There is nothing wrong with being a country of feta and olives!” — Jeff Gordinier
The inquiry might move on to a headlock.
To someone like Bill Burr, for example.
We all went out together.
During question and answer session, an older Jewish man–grim-faced, teeth-clenched—demanded to know how I could criticize Israel for occupying the West Bank when most West Bank Palestinians effectively govern themselves, and when the Palestinians have shown themselves unwilling to live at peace.
They have seen it twice in this N.L.
The planet she refers to is not an actual one, needless to say, or even the busy world of Hollywood, but the place she literally lives.
CBS is bowing to reality and making it official: on Sundays, when it carries late-afternoon National Football League games, the schedule of programs that follows will start at 7:30 p.m. and not 7.
How many have confronted a Congress this wholly paralyzed by partisan rancor and this steadfastly unyielding?
For an independent analysis that arrives at the same conclusions and extends the results to cultures of fibroblasts (cells found in connective tissue), see T. Elsdsale and F. Wasoff, “Fibroblast cultures and dermatoglyphics: The topology of two planar patterns,” Wilhelm Roux’s Archives of Developmental Biology, Vol.
The automaker was checking with suppliers to gauge whether delays could be expected.
For the definitive take on how Sanchez was failed by his superiors , see Chase Stuart’s article at FootballPerspective.com.
Mr. Shepherd, who has been divorced twice and battled through alcoholism and drug abuse , lives in New Haven, getting by on Social Security and a Teamsters pension.
The Tea Partiers know that.
This was Maxwell’s fifth deployment.
The European Union ’s policy making system often resembles one of those cartoon designs of an implausibly convoluted system for achieving a simple task — held together by adhesive bandage, string, frequent tinkering and plenty of wishful thinking.
“Was the RF-4E shot down off Syria flying a mission to probe the Damascus air defense system similar to those flown (quite regularly) in the Aegean Sea to probe Greece ’s air defenses?” the Aviationist, a blog that follows military and civilian aviation, asked on Tuesday.
While the budget office has declined to put an exact figure on projected savings of the health care law beyond the first decade, given the uncertainty of such long-range projections, it concluded that the savings would be in the range of half a percentage point of the nation’s gross domestic product, a substantial amount.
SEASONED KNITTER: God, they always say that!
The Palestinian Authority buys its gasoline from Israel, where the price rose sharply this month to more than $2 per liter.
“I feel healthy at this point and I expect to pitch the full season the rest of the way.” Before he departed, the Mets regained the lead in the fifth, spurred by the bottom of their order.
March 24 at 7:30 p.m. $20.
The president will also support closing a gun show loophole and, “potentially,” enacting limits on high-capacity ammunition clips of the sort used in Newtown, Mr. Carney said.
Level Global closed shortly after the F.B.I.
Yah hawn was a recipe she brought back.
Either way, Republicans said their party had work to do.
2: the insistence on casting movie, television or pop names in Broadway shows, regardless of their appropriateness for the role.
Katherine Ryan Williams and William Gordon Cooling Jr. were married Saturday at the chapel on the grounds of the Ocean Reef Club in Key Largo, Fla.
In charting a course for China’s future, the new leaders would do well to master the lessons from Deng Xiaoping, the bold reformer who set China on its path to success after the tumult of the Mao years.
We live in a society where people can say just about anything publicly about politicians, but in the workplace, there is little freedom for speaking critically and few willing to risk it.
In a multibillion-dollar public company, these numbers quickly escalate to life terms.
Wherever Internet users go, scammers are sure to follow.
A subheading on Saturday with an article about the potential cutbacks to the University of California system described incorrectly the proposal from Gov.
A loyal opposition — that is, those who oppose the current administration’s policies while maintaining its legitimacy — is one of the greatest indicators of a healthy democracy.
In “FEELingpleasuresatisfactioncelebrationholyFORM” (yes, really, that’s the title), a co-presentation by the Chocolate Factory and Abrons Arts Center, Ms. Achugar will be joined by the dancers Rebecca Brooks, Jennifer Kjos and Melinda Lee and accompanied by a live drum, bass and guitar score by Michael Mahalchick, who has long collaborated with the choreographer.
When it comes to making college affordable -- whether it’s two-year or four-year -- one of the things that I did as president was we were sending $60 billion to banks and lenders as middle men for the student loan program, even though the loans were guaranteed.
It just made sense to make the move both economically and for family life.
Right now they number a little more than 300,000.
His score for “The Sting,” which adapted the ragtime music of Scott Joplin, made him a household ubiquity in 1973.
Mr. Evans said the change put in place on Friday in the Services Agreement “did not alter our existing privacy policies.” Those policies include a 4,000-word main policy and at least 16 related product-specific privacy policies.
As he turned to go on, he spat speculatively.
The Swiss bank fought to avoid its punishment, which also involves $1.5 billion in fines from an international group of regulators.
Under the new deal, once the new center is up and running, anyone with a settlement offer will get 60 percent of the original offer, and then the 40 percent will be judged under the new rules.
After the dizzying success of the first two seasons of “Downton Abbey” on ITV in Britain and PBS in America, “Call the Midwife” came along in January on BBC and, seemingly out of nowhere, matched and by some measures exceeded the earlier show’s accomplishment.
“It’s really hard for people in my generation not to feel completely defeated by this economy.” Mr. Taylor, the fast-food worker in Seattle, said he felt lucky when he could find a coveted space at Roots , a shelter for young adults in a church basement.
Look for additional revenue options for the off-season: wholesaling food items, having cooking classes, selling specialty foods online, etc.
“The places we’ve been!” he said.
First Deputy Prime Minister Igor I. Shuvalov, a close Putin ally, will remain in his post, having weathered a recent controversy about his wealth.
As a final song played, they danced in place.
BETH ORTON , Town Hall, Oct. 4.
Highlights of the extravaganza this weekend also include a rain forest animal parade, making crafts and reading from dozens of wildlife-theme books.
Franklin Templeton representatives would not provide updated information about his holdings beyond publicly filed numbers for the end of last year.
You’ve worked on this thing forever — ‘I give you a 3.’ And it’s part of you.
Naturally his escapist tendencies were pushing him toward a “Wet Hot American Summer” prequel, which he would write with Mr. Showalter and cast with the original performers.
“I felt like I had found something that finally helped me through the cravings,” said Patty Hendricks, 49, who used one such drug, naltrexone, to help control her drinking habit after four failed rehab attempts.
The new service added some features, like turn-by-turn directions and sharper graphics, but it was widely criticized over incorrect addresses, misplaced landmarks and misleading driving directions.
CBS, closing the lid on any speculation that change might be coming for its late-night lineup, announced Tuesday that both David Letterman and Craig Ferguson have agreed to continue in their shows for at least two more years.
For newspaper delivery questions: 1-800-NYTIMES (1-800-698-4637) or e-mail customercare@nytimes.com .
Under the terms of the accord, which was to take effect immediately, the Transportation Security Administration will accept a set of European rules on the screening of cargo and the maintenance of a secure supply chain for all airlines and freight shippers flying cargo and mail into or through the European Union.
And he all but shrugs when asked why he would pile a career as a novelist on top of an already overstuffed portfolio.
She also has to be so vigilant in maintaining her own well-being.
Silverman will also direct “Golden Child” and “Kung Fu.” “David writes plays that are unique to him as both insider and outsider in this country and in China,” she said.
Mr. Jackson, a Democrat who lives in Westchester County, wants to unseat Nan Hayworth, a Republican.
Environmentalists focus on preserving wilderness, because that’s the immediate priority, but they perhaps should be as energetic at getting young people to interact with it.
Much of the agency’s staff assumed that the Obama administration would restore the agency’s independence.
That pretty much leaves Ms. Ivey, a two-time Tony winner, to walk away with the show.
Italians tend to take design seriously, and Gnoli, who died in 1970 at age 36, homed in on single parts of the body or the bedroom, telescoping the sort of details that identify personality through style.
That may mean splicing a genetically distinct new shoot of a young cocoa tree onto a veteran trunk to impart some of the younger plant’s qualities.
Daniel Sakai of the Oakland Police Department, who was killed in 2009 — commemorate heroes.
At a nearby table we saw three young people with plaid shirts and floppy hair.
The children are much better at standing up for themselves.
And while city real estate prices are down roughly 25 percent from their 2007 peak, that is less than the decline in Spain overall, which is closer to 35 percent.
(At age 47, Judge Kavanaugh is a likely future Republican Supreme Court nominee.
appears to be inaccurately estimating the costs of decommissioning the nation’s nuclear power plants and inadequately ensuring that owners are financially planning for the eventual shutdown of these plants.” “It will be the public who’ll pay the price if nuclear power plant owners come up short on the bill to safely close these plants,” he said.
He responded: “The real risk to this economy is on the side of slowdown, certainly not on the side of overheating, and that means we’ve got to make sure we don’t take gasoline out of the tank at the end of this year.
New Jersey Repertory Company, Lumia Theater, 179 Broadway.
KLORANE DRY SHAMPOO ($17.99 for about 3.2 ounces) An aerosol spray that cleans and freshens hair in minutes without water.
Even given Afghanistan’s dire financial plight, it’s not a position to accept, much less emulate.
By putting down some unique, untrue characteristic, you can track how your personal information is passed around.
The festivities run from Friday through Oct. 21.
More recently, economists have pointed to a slow turnaround , saying it is once again contributing to the nation’s economic output.
‘Frankenweenie’ (Sunday) Frankenstein is back, as only Tim Burton can imagine him.
What I wanted to know is: Why is the formula the formula?” She analyzed box-office hits and critically acclaimed movies on the American Film Institute’s favorites lists.
Investors in the United States aren’t the only ones with a bias.
Its stock is up about 45 percent over the last year, he said.
“The feeling among potential donors is that the V.A.
Microsoft’s ownership of Skype has added a twist in the parent company’s efforts to get wireless carriers to sell Windows Phone devices.
Dance Full reviews of recent dance performances: nytimes.com/dance .
Second, sub-stage 19c lies near the middle-Pleistocene, a time when the climate system appears to have been most clearly transitioning from smaller amplitude, shorter period, and more symmetric glacial cycles, to the larger, longer, and more saw-toothed glacial cycles of the late Pleistocene.
He used topspin angles to pull Simon wide, then stepped in to wrong-foot the speedy Frenchman.
And cardinals who work at the Vatican — as opposed to in dioceses around the world — now make up about one-third of the College of Cardinals, up from less than a quarter.
Rising income inequality is breeding more inequality in educational opportunity, which results in greater inequality in educational attainment.
In the past, “if you’re a Western company that wants to do business and you are asked to bring technology, you bring it from 1978, you don’t show up with your latest and best,” Mr. Aboulafia said.
I know this sort of inbreeding once happened with some pet hamsters we owned, and they seemed to turn out O.K.
tournaments in the United States, including last week’s event in New Jersey.
For an explanation of our methodology, visit https://www.nytimes.com/best-sellers.
Virginia Tech (5-6) kept its bowl hopes alive by rallying for a 30-23 overtime victory at Boston College.
MAINTENANCE: $1,029 a month PROS: A set of interior paned windows adds character and helps keep out street noise.
Nicole Kidman and that ‘fro, Justin Timberlake and that itty-bitty fro, Ellen Degeneres and that — what the what…?
Do you think these are serious issues for Mumbai?
Alao recently flew to China, where most of these goods are made, to eliminate her middleman cost.
Public schools began desegregating three years later.
On break point, Djokovic stabbed a backhand return that somehow landed in.
They’ve in effect been exiled.
What Emerson actually said was, “A foolish consistency is the hobgoblin of little minds,” adding that it was “adored by little statesmen and philosophers and divines.” Little, small.
While revolutionary forces were overrunning the embassy and taking hostages, including the 52 men and women who were held for 444 days, five Americans fled undetected.
I can understand why some people think this; we certainly did not take the easy path with the Bionic Wrench.
Lighting was another specialty, which she drew on in designing sets for opera houses throughout Europe.
“You sometimes think their sisters are off limits.” Ms. Steen said that Mr. Gaunt was ordering a drink at the bar when she walked in and that “when he turned around he was as handsome as I remembered.” He was taken by her as well.
As moldy drywall thudded to the curb in a depressing drumbeat throughout Breezy Point, Queens, Thomas Ryan’s reciprocating saw stood out like a growling declaration of impatience.
Instead, there were more tailored pieces crafted from comfortable knits, pants shaped to echo jeans and forgiving blazers.
Penalty kicks are supposed to be near certainties for professional soccer players, and to outsiders, the question is how could they not be?
ALIA RAMER, a mother of three from Maplewood, N.J., first noticed the problem when her daughter was just reaching adolescence, the age when many Jewish children celebrate their bar and bat mitzvahs.
But their 4.5-point average margin of victory, combined with the still uncertain status of the league’s reigning most valuable player, Derrick Rose, would seem to make a much easier task for the Knicks, plagued as they are by their own point guard problems.
Ms. Carlisle said she could have chosen any green spot in Oakland to cultivate.
“It’s made me not afraid of death,” Mr. LeMay said.
Russia needs a complete reboot of the system.
A private company, Forecast Energy, has hired him to create a model that could, for example, inform a driver’s team during inclement weather exactly how wet the track will be for the next 10 laps — data that could determine the crucial decision to use slower, safer wet-track tires or faster, dry-track tires to win the race.
Allstate, the nation’s second largest home insurer, notes that factors affecting its breadth and depth of coverage could include whether you’re home while renting your place, how often you rent it and how many people you’re hosting.
Did you know that Toy Story 2 was nearly deleted?
There was one night when nearly everything was tepid and much of it went back to the kitchen only half eaten.
I am reminded of a quote from Samuel P. Huntington’s much misrepresented book “The Clash of Civilizations and the Remaking of World Order”: “The West won the world not by the superiority of its ideas, values or religion ... but rather by its superiority in applying organized violence.
“Most of these patent claims don’t relate to the core Android operating system,” Google said in a statement on Monday.
She can charm and intimidate simultaneously.
His arguments of electability — the spine of his candidacy — fell flat to a wide portion of the party’s base here.
Yes, Z is difficult, but some Italian poet must have loved zabaglione.
Representative Michael G. Grimm , District 11 Mr. Grimm, a Republican who captured his seat in 2010 with strong support from the Tea Party, has found himself enmeshed in a controversy that Democrats say makes him vulnerable.
Mr. Obama noted that the Pentagon had studied military options for Syria in the same way it planned for military contingencies around the world.
He has imprisoned leading advocates of peaceful resistance, like Nabeel Rajab , the globally respected president of the Bahrain Center for Human Rights.
said hackers had also stored data on their own servers.
He nearly bought the Astros from Drayton McLane in 2008, and later he bid on the Chicago Cubs and the Texas Rangers, also exploring the Padres and a minority stake in the Cardinals.
Chris had the sartorial awkwardness of Buster from the TV show “Arrested Development”: a bright green backpack worn on both shoulders for maximum ergonomic benefit, the whitest of white shoes and an ever-present windbreaker.
A statistical measure of how those improvements correlated to one another suggested, Lindenberger concluded, systematic improvements “at the level of broad abilities.” At the University of California, Berkeley, Silvia Bunge, director of a laboratory on the building blocks of cognition, takes what she calls “an everything-but-the-kitchen-sink approach.” Working with 28 children from low socioeconomic backgrounds, she assigned half of them to play games designed to boost the speed of response times, and the other half to play games that target reasoning skills.
As he did, he began recalling details of the long writing process from which it had been born.
“The same thing with Tiger.
McQueary also admitted that he had provided a variety of potential ages for the boy.
The harsh nature of the film’s attacks had led many Republicans to call on Mr. Gingrich to disavow it.
I’m confident that stocks are attractively priced relative to fixed income, but I’m less confident that they’re attractively priced in absolute terms.
“Nobody pays attention to people coming and going.” Mr. Shoham said the devices seized in Bangkok contained the same type of explosive as those in New Delhi and Tblisi, the Georgian capital, and were similarly outfitted with magnets that would allow them to be attached to metal objects.
Players are pressing and making mental mistakes.
And the computer-projected footage would regularly be shrunk into near invisibility or shown on surfaces that mottled and warped the images.
He added that after posting spectacular gains over the past 12 months, “the market was simply looking to consolidate.” The S.& P. is still up nearly 30 percent since last October.
On Thursday, a sponsor of the law, State Representative Micky Hammon, proposed eliminating or altering several of its most controversial sections.
Despite the fact that Etna is an ancient source of wine, many of the leading producers today are newcomers, drawn there by the conviction that wines from Etna will be like no others.
The Keen Company production stars Kathleen Chalfant and John Cunningham as the aging couple preparing to move to a Cape Cod beach house, and Kate Turnbull as the artist daughter who arrives to help them pack and paint their portrait.
It incorporated some valid criticisms of the Treasury effort and deleted some of the more politically controversial ideas.
In one 2010 e-mail Mr. Latchford told a Sotheby’s official that he had once owned the statue, but he corrected himself a few weeks later, long before the sale of the statue had become an issue for Cambodian officials or American lawyers.
But despite its advanced statistical methods, their study may not convince everyone.
The investigation is part of an effort by the Obama administration to find health care savings.
In January, Department of Transportation regulations took effect requiring airlines and ticket agents to “include all mandatory taxes and fees in published airfares.” Baggage fees must also be disclosed.
At 1 and 4 p.m., Canal Park Playhouse, 508 Canal Street, near Greenwich Street, TriBeCa, (866) 811-4111, canalparkplayhouse.com ; $18.
1937 Czech President Visits Belgrade BELGRADE — Slav fraternization was the keynote of the very cordial reception which Dr. Eduard Benes, President of Czechoslovakia, was given when he and Mrs. Benes arrived at Belgrade at 10:30 this morning [April 5].
“It’s David versus Goliath,” said Byron Dorgan, the former North Dakota senator and Mr. Kelleher’s former employer.
Mr. Aboul Fotouh was expelled for defying the Brotherhood’s decision, now reversed, not to allow any of its members to run for president.
bloomberg news A Rough Year for Brazilian I.P.O.’s | Bloomberg News reports: “Brazilian companies are canceling initial public offerings at the second-highest rate among the biggest emerging markets as slowing economic growth makes the country’s benchmark stock index the worst performer this year.” bloomberg news Tempered Recovery Expected for I.P.O.’s | Morgan Stanley says the I.P.O.
I’m getting the 5-10, 6-foot player.
And on college campuses, the once-ubiquitous folding tables piled high with voter registration forms are now a rarer sight.
Mr. Baldwin, now 34, said in an interview that he regarded Mr. Berlinger as a “real-life hero,” who “proved by and by that it wasn’t just a film for him.” Not long after his release Mr. Baldwin said that Mr. Berlinger apologized to him for not being in contact more frequently while he was incarcerated.
The company’s fee has gone up, too: It was $21,500 this year and $18,500 three years ago.
“On a hill as tough as this to have a race that close, that’s surprising,” said the overall World Cup leader Aksel Lund Svindal , who finished third.
Instead, they were absolutely gripping.” One ingredient not necessary in a best seller, it also won’t surprise you to learn, is graceful prose.
I think the naysaying misses not only the fact that this has been a wildly good book year but also the emergence of a new trend.
Smallpox was an ancient disease.
Here are this week’s game probabilities, tired and rested arms in all.
Apple , meanwhile, has become the world’s biggest smartphone maker .
AS daughters do on wedding days, mine took my breath away.
She is twice divorced with a 13-year-old daughter named Jehanne, after Joan of Arc, and 12-year-old twins , Louis (named after French kings) and Mathilde.
I believe that every person has a right, really a responsibility, to contribute his or her perspectives to the public forum, including perspectives of faith.
Also on view is “Women in Aviation: World War II ,” a special exhibition in honor of women who have served in the armed forces.
“That it is happening in China reflects China’s increasing interest in Central Asia and also its desire to lead international and regional alliances without the U.S.” The six members of the organization are China, Russia, Uzbekistan, Kazakhstan, Tajikistan and Kyrgyzstan.
“They feel they had evolved and don’t need big logos to prove their status,” he wrote in an e-mail.
The injury was an abrupt interruption after all the work he had put into coming back from retirement, and at no time did Pettitte consider abandoning his plan.
The team did not set a goal for perfection but now it has to be the focus.
Mr. Kennedy insisted that he was not the “Kennedy candidate,” but wanted to be the “Democratic candidate,” and said neither of his brothers would campaign for him in Massachusetts.
At 10:20 p.m., it was still bright outside.
“We’ve held them at arm’s length.” Mr. Hochberg said a focus on manufacturing and exports might lead to more sustainable growth.
(Nate Chinen) Bending Towards the Light: A Jazz Nativity in Spanish (Friday) Created by Anne Phillips in 1985, “Bending Towards the Light” is a jazz retelling of the first Christmas, complete with costumed shepherds and Wise Men.
Mr. Taveras said he would meet with retirees in March to discuss pension cuts.
Was Halloween postponed or canceled in your area because of the storm?
Diana Lauren Silbergeld and Gregory Nathaniel Pasquali were married Saturday afternoon at the Westerbeke Ranch in Sonoma, Calif., by Emily Rusch, a friend of the couple who became a Universal Life minister in order to officiate.
Mr. Santorum used his speech on Tuesday night, a modified version of the one he has been giving to voters in all 99 counties across Iowa over the last several months, to cast the race as a struggle to allow good to prevail.
Arthur and Madeleine were inseparable, even in death, just shy of their 50th anniversary.
The company seemed to be the victim of its own “showrooming,” when consumers visit stores to see the merchandise but end up buying online.
The blunders have damaged its military image and raised its profile among late-night comedians.
NEWARK Paul Robeson Campus Center, Rutgers University — Newark Campus “Lift-Off: Earthlings and the Great Beyond,” exhibition based on ideas and issues about space.
“Joe has a proven track record of fielding winning teams, and I am looking forward to our group benefiting from his unique experience.
The primaries were the culmination of a gradual, two-decade drift to the political right in Kansas, but they also came after several years of faster-paced conservative ascension , as well-financed interest groups capitalized on a backlash against President Obama and his policies, local political analysts said.
This is the one of the most unusual caregiving relationships I know of.
“I think it should stick to a women’s sport.
The Checkers name came from Nixon’s mention in the speech of a cocker spaniel that was sent as a gift to his daughters.
Previously, researchers had shown that humans could learn to move a computer cursor with their thoughts, and that monkeys could manipulate a robotic arm.
Brokers: Green Team Home Selling System; Ellis Sotheby's.
What many observers didn’t realize is how, behind the scenes, the roiling events in Italy that fall would have a critical influence on the course of the American conflict.
“All this pressure rests squarely on the operator.
They barely glanced at me, much less apologized after they grabbed the dog's collar.
A major factor in his decision was the endorsement of Mr. Santorum by leading evangelicals in Iowa, like Bob Vander Plaats, the head of the Family Leader, an influential conservative group.
We are proud to have been his partners, friends and colleagues.
Related: Our 6 Q’s “ Protests in Wisconsin and Ohio ” and our lesson “ Of Budgets and Bargaining: Putting the Union Protests Into Context .”
“What should be troublesome is somebody within” the ethics commission, he added, “committed a crime by leaking this information.
It was also the most common, most all-purpose tool for nearly a million years — longer than any other tool in history — throughout Africa, the Middle East and much of Europe.
In 2004, Mr. Bush had an excellent base turnout — but he also captured about 40 percent or 45 percent of the Hispanic vote, a share that Mr. Romney is unlikely to reach.
But unfair or not, it’s not argument that even remotely justifies Packer’s claim that “Santorum believes in a religious test” and “that may be all he believes in,” let alone his analogy-by-juxtaposition between the former Pennsylvania senator and the Taliban.
And the companies that make browsers — Google, Microsoft, Apple and others — will have to agree to the new standards.
Yet the vast majority of visitors to Chile are blissfully unaware of this symbol of the country’s soul.
In Geneva, he was waiting for Shamosh with an open checkbook.
For the layers of government overseeing Dongshigu, Mr. Chen’s destitute, remote village, detention has become a lucrative industry.
Heartfelt condolences to the entire family.
The groom was a widower.
“The French don’t think it’s smart to put them on the terrorist list because they’re such a political actor.” Mr. Thamm said, “There is no unified common assessment of Hezbollah.” He added, “And that is not something that will change in the foreseeable future.” Skeptics here in Europe say that as Hezbollah has become more political the group has moved away from its terrorist past, if not forsaken it entirely, and that Israel is stoking fears as it seeks to justify an attack on Iran’s nuclear facilities.
Zynga said it would receive no proceeds from the sale, according to the filing.
With regards to unmanned railway crossings, I can’t imagine it’s a lack of manpower – is it because there is just no money to pay people to do the jobs?
“He does very counterintuitive combinations of flavor that surprise people, and which wouldn’t necessarily be considered enjoyable in the traditional sense.” Sometimes, Mr. Ladner might need five or six encounters with a certain dish before comprehension clicks in and craving begins to take hold.
Or is Mr. Dylan such a sphinx that a few words — genuine or not — could never really provide a reliable guide to his own thought process?
Until recently, most of the Adelsons’ contributions went to Winning Our Future, a super PAC that provided critical support to Newt Gingrich, Mr. Romney’s rival during the Republican primaries.
All I can say is: Wow!
Among the native-born working class, meanwhile, there was a retreat from child rearing even before the Great Recession hit.
A fourth body, presumed to be that of one of the bombers, was also found at the scene.
At noon (doors open at 11:30 a.m.), Knitting Factory, 361 Metropolitan Avenue, at Havemeyer Street, Williamsburg, Brooklyn, (347) 529-6696, ticketfly.com , blueballoonschool.com ; $20; $10 for children.
But students at Rutgers, Texas Tech and Augsburg have been breathtakingly clean, with abstinent rates averaging in the mid- to high 90s.
“These are literally some of the world’s most important boardrooms — this is where their most critical meetings take place — and there could be silent attendees in all of them.” Ten years ago, videoconferencing systems were complicated and erratic, and ran on expensive, closed high-speed phone lines.
The punch recipe makes 20 servings; assume that refills are likely to be in demand.
The Best Buy board has, commendably, sent a strong message about the obligation of fiduciaries — board members and senior executives — to fulfill their compliance oversight obligations by both word and deed.
But the real issue in the case, as the justices’ questioning made clear, was whether the court remained committed to the logic of a 2000 decision that said the Constitution sometimes bars judges from making factual findings that lead to increased punishments.
This week they got down 21-0.
The decision on the photographs was more labored.
Critics said the company’s once-vaunted attention to quality slipped under his watch.
During his retirement he worked for IESC (International Executive Service Corps).
“It shows how Italy’s huge debt is really being paid for by everyone.” Italy is still much better off than Spain or Greece, Mr. Pallini insisted.
Later, as governor, Mr. Romney turned up during the 2004 Democratic National Convention in Boston for the dedication of a ribbon of parks named for Mr. Kennedy’s mother, Rose.
Granted, the job market does stink.
This bill would end that rule for all but the biggest new offerings — those that involved companies with sales of over $1 billion.
Anthony Appiah, John Gielgud, Daniel Day-Lewis, Julian Barnes and Simon Schama are among the more recognizable on a list that includes the “famously terrifying Fraser girls” (Flora is “reading Greats at Wadham”) and Rosa Beddington, “who was on her mother’s side a Wingfield-Digby.” And, wouldn’t you know, it was while doing “my bit for Man Booker,” reading “70 or so” submissions as a judge of the United Kingdom’s most prestigious literary prize, that McWilliam’s ocular affliction manifested itself — although she doubts she was reading as much, at the time, as many Oxford dons.
Al Oligino, 69, of Laguna Beach, Calif., and his family stayed in two of the now-shuttered cabins, No.
The exhibits “Perception Shift” and “Learning From New Jersey,” which are both scheduled to open on Wednesday and run through Nov. 17, are at 101 Vera King Farris Drive in Galloway, and the hours are Mondays through Saturdays, noon to 7:30 p.m., and Sundays, noon to 4 p.m. ARTS & LEISURE A picture caption last Sunday with an article about the increasing use of “written by” credits in documentaries misidentified where the director Joe Berlinger’s “Paradise Lost” films are set.
Mr. Parker said the company had whittled its staff down to about a dozen people, but would not say how many employees the company had at the unveiling.
“I see it as the next stage of social justice in India.” Most Muslims in India are the descendants of low-caste Hindus who converted over the centuries, often to escape the deprived status to which Dalits were consigned.
Clean hair, a pink pout and black accessories — pump plus clutch — turn a simple jersey dress into an absolute standout.
It was a crime to sell the products of your farm after dark.” Inmate laborers, the film suggests, may actually have had it worse than slaves.
(He kept the candlesticks all his life.)
That in itself is no reason for the government to get involved.
“It has the highest pressure, the highest temperature,” he said.
Local officials who view drilling as an economic boon frequently turn to Mr. Stringer as an ally when they run into roadblocks from Washington.
PORT JEFFERSON Theater Three “Next to Normal,” music by Tom Kitt, book and lyrics by Brian Yorkey.
Like all singers he must adapt his personal views of a role to a director’s concept of the opera, and many directorial ideas these days can be eccentric, to say the least.
But we mustn’t let materialism be the only thing it gave us.
tournament after a nine-year absence.
[and] a business-friendly state government” — and yet only two have their headquarters there: DuPont and, notably, Sallie Mae , technically a private firm but one that owes its existence and profit to government guarantees.
The Grammy Awards telecast on CBS smashed every recent ratings record Sunday night, not just for the music awards show but for any awards broadcast, fueled by keen interest in how the show would pay tribute to Whitney Houston, who had died the day before.
Investors clamored to gain access to the manager.
Depending on the quality of the house, inland properties range from $600 to $1,500 per perch.
With this patient I felt personally threatened -- unsafe -- which made me feel scarily distracted.
Residents have been allowed to return to 88 Greenwich; it is not currently deemed uninhabitable.
The result is that in a time of deep cuts to education, health care and other state services, valuations on commercial property are inconsistent and sometimes strikingly low.
Moscow city authorities also distributed several tons of watermelons in a downtown park at no charge; paratroopers had been known to steal them in the past.
Readers react to a student’s ideas for a learning ‘revolution.’ To the Editor: When President George W. Bush signed No Child Left Behind into law, few would have predicted that the next decade of education policy would unfold into a disaster of epic proportions.
A Dennis H. Greenstein, a Manhattan co-op and condominium lawyer, says co-op proprietary leases generally provide that most transfers of ownership of an apartment are subject to board approval.
It’s the country’s second-largest city, but feels like the 20th.
board members are further complicated by a melting away of more optimistic forecasts made at the start of the year.
A proposal that includes tolls on the free East River bridges has recently gained renewed attention from the news media and public-policy groups.
Readers who are awake no doubt picked c), because the other possibilities, though attractive, are silly.
As a result, there is concern that the bank will lack one leader with undisputed authority.
He seemed content with his status among the final four at the French Open for the first time, in the same stratosphere as tennis’s so-called Big Three.
The assemblyman, Robert Schroeder, a Republican from Washington Township in Bergen County, told The Record of Bergen County that his business, All Points International Distributors, had been “in decline during the Obama administration.” The federal Government Accountability Office said it had passed over All Points for a contract to provide tents for an Army unit in Afghanistan last year, even though Mr. Schroeder’s business submitted a lower bid than competitors, because it had found the company’s past performance to be unacceptable.
Someone offers you a cracker and all you see is processed flour and cancer.
The Sopwith Camel is invisible from the street.
With a vogue for ultrawarm, puffy down jackets already in the air, brands like Canada Goose and Moncler were hot sellers even in October, said Eric Jennings, a vice president at Saks Fifth Avenue.
“Back in ’09, we thought maybe this will last a year,” Fire Chief James S. Clack said.
Saturdays and Sundays, noon to 4 p.m.
Kilimanjaro , which peaks at more than 19,000 feet above sea level (and documenting it on Bats, The New York Times’ Baseball blog) in part to bring awareness and money to stop sexual slavery thousands of miles away in the gritty lanes of Kamathipura – Mumbai’s largest red light district.
When the Republicans claimed that capping the Bush tax cuts at $250,000 would hurt small businesses, the Obama administration quickly retorted that only about 3 percent of the small business owners have incomes above $250,000.
Well, what he’s done next is what he’s always done best: confound expectations.
Suzanne Bonamici, the Democrat who won a special House election in Oregon last week , was sworn in Tuesday by Speaker John A. Boehner.
Broncos 31, Bucs 23 Great defenses have the ability to eliminate an offense’s strength.
Born February 20, 1970, Died April 7, 2012.
“There are many other beautiful things in life that you can do.” However Schumacher’s return may be viewed in the future, Ross Brawn, who was his team director at Mercedes and technical director when Schumacher drove at Ferrari and Benetton, had no doubts for the moment.
fastball − but he could not come through.
Captain Rahman said the search would likely be suspended until dawn Friday because of rough weather, The Associated Press reported.
But ArcelorMittal probably needs to close some plants permanently, analysts say.
Firefighters responding to a blaze at a home in Queens on Wednesday discovered a gruesome scene: the stabbed body of a woman on a bed and a man in a closet hanging himself.
Last year, 3,600 stool samples were collected from Delhi children and tested in government labs and hospitals.
Before 2004, however, the April leader lost the popular vote more often than not.
Harvey R. Miller and Maurice Horwitz, attorneys who worked on the bankruptcy of Lehman Brothers , argue that Dodd-Frank’s “orderly liquidation authority,” which is supposed to give the government a way of safely winding down a failing financial firm, is “inadequate and, to some extent, ill-conceived.” ON THE AGENDA | Costco announces earnings before the opening bell and Ruby Tuesday reports after the market closes.
Enda McGrath, director of worldwide developer relations at WebOS, said it took this long to release it because the proprietary parts of the operating system had to be replaced with open-source code.
“Why exclude us?” Her irritation has since subsided, and inside the posh restaurant on the first floor of the Mint Museum on Monday, the tent felt pretty generously sized.
He exceeded his gaudy season averages for field goal percentage and points, going for 33 points on 12-of-21 shooting.
Among all the Taiwan companies, Foxconn has always been the major company.
“It’s really a great moment,” Ms. Hewes said.
“It’s a great challenge when you go against a guy as good as he is.
Now that Facebook is going to be dating the investment community at the same time, its relationship status could change to “complicated.”
“People who don’t know these sports very well think their fans must be these kind of crazed, people-on-the-verge-of-a-breakdown, violent kind of thing,” he said.
Forced by masses of Americans marching, yelling, demonstrating, sitting in and more — Americans driven by their conscience, not by profits.
If it passes the tests, NASA will give the go-ahead for the final approach on Tuesday, when Donald R. Pettit, a NASA astronaut, will use the space station’s robotic arm to grab the Dragon and pull it to a docking port.
A set ends when all rowers have completed their distances.
Michael Reilly, who was overseeing the bid process for the school, St. Joseph by-the-Sea High School on Staten Island.
She is a contract adviser at Madison Avenue Sports and Entertainment, a New York talent agency, where she represents N.F.L.
The total value of his compensation rose 11 percent last year, when Ford earned $20.2 billion in net income.
It’s a movement around which many Democrats have coalesced.
It’s still a young team (the league’s only team without a single player who has reached his 31st birthday).
“The week before my first marathon I ran the course’s last 10 miles with a group and thought to myself, ‘This isn’t so bad,’” said David Schwartzberg, an attorney whose rookie run in New York was in 2010.
On the five passing plays called immediately after Tebow took a direct snap, Sanchez was 4 of 5 for 61 yards and 2 touchdowns.
All this, and singing and dancing, too.
“What Roger Goodell has done — and he’s been harsh on this whole bounty thing — I think he’s doing the right thing to make sure that this doesn’t happen ever again,” Manning said on a conference call.
Later on, when computer codes were standardized (an effort in which Bemer played a leading role), ESC became a kind of “interrupt” button on the PC — a way to poke the computer and say, “Cut it out.” Why “escape”?
This last part was crucial, because people removed from their homes for long stretches tend not to want to return.
Spot | The Hong Kong stock exchange beat New York and London in attracting the most I.P.O.
I’m particularly interested in what Ms. Mara, with her severe looks and burgeoning style profile, has in mind after her turn in Nina Ricci at the Golden Globes .
It’s very possible that the S.& P. earnings that analysts are predicting for next year are just way too high.” Among the notable movers, shares of Mediware Information Systems surged $6.11, or 38.8 percent, to $21.86 after the clinical software solutions provider agreed to be acquired by the private equity firm Thoma Bravo for $22 a share in cash.
I then solicited Malala’s opinion.
You could take a train and bus out to the stunning I. M. Pei -designed Miho Museum , which sits alone in a huge deserted natural park 70 minutes from Kyoto Station, complete with its own space-age tunnel for an entrance; or you could join 15,000 others in running Kyoto’s first marathon.
It had a multitude of features he admired, including an insulated ice drawer, infrared searing burners and a rotisserie function.
He ate sunflower seeds while three friends, lifelong residents of the Lower Ninth, baited lines for drum and redfish.
Iran has just finished ambitious naval exercises near the strait, and it has repeatedly threatened to close the passage — through which roughly one-fifth of all the crude oil traded worldwide passes — if Western powers move forward with new sanctions on Iran’s petroleum exports.
In 2010 I was a high-energy particle physicist who had just quit being a researcher and moved to New York to try my hand in science theater.
The Stickley Museum at Craftsman Farms, 2352 Route 10 West.
April 21 at 8 p.m. Richie Byrne and Vinnie Nardiello.
That in spite of a lobbying effort by supporters who were said to have even sought to enlist his wife, Mary Kaye.
Attacks on presidential aides are something of a tradition in Washington, usually led by the Hill leadership of the out-of-power party.
Fans clamored for his removal for at least the second half of the season, and it is unusual for a team not to allow a new general manager to hire his own coach.
The grandly named Festival International d’Art Lyrique d’Aix-en-Provence , now in its 64th year, is no exception.
“Things he said weren’t pretty, but clearly he is a top 10 player and during the match no one said anything to him.” Fish declined to comment directly on the incidents as he left the Burswood Dome, instead indicating that the scoreline of his matches was the only explanation needed for what had transpired.
The court found that the park owners, Charles Pappas and Robin Delaney, violated Ms. Parris’s right to reasonable accommodation of her disability.
The University of Connecticut is advising students this weekend to go home and avoid an often-out-of-control party called Spring Weekend, during which a student was killed off campus in 2010.
Late last week, trucks carrying armored vehicles, missile launchers, artillery pieces and tanks rumbled down a highway in the north Sinai, the first steps in a government campaign to extend its control over a region that it had long preferred to forget.
Those with better sight helped guide those who could not see.
Tuesdays through Saturdays, 10 a.m. to 5 p.m.; Sundays, 1 to 5 p.m. Bruce Museum, 1 Museum Drive.
(He was inspired, he said, when “a sincere male student asked aloud, ‘What is my risk for cervical cancer ?’ ”) Searching through the Web sites of groups that were providing program material to the districts, Wiley found one that announced: “If the woman is dry, the sperm will die.” So the first part of Akin’s comment is not the product of his unique imagination.
“It’s always our goal to make something feel timely and fresh,” Knoll said.
So there is a place in the community outside the family where the memory of dear ones is kept alive from year to year.” Such places are at times a synagogue, a community center or a youth movement center.
Ham believes human reason should confirm the Bible rather than reinterpret it, and teaches that God created the world a few thousand years ago.
In nine months, it has grown into a nationwide network with 200 chapters.
At night, staff members showed us the etiquette of drinking kava, a slightly bitter but otherwise inoffensive root drink that is a vital part of Fijian village life.
My mother was a homemaker and my father was a furrier, a job that left him unemployed for months at a time, because no one bought fur coats during the summer.
Sidney D. Drell is a senior fellow at the Hoover Institution and professor emeritus at Stanford University.
Click on the album’s name in the iTunes window and then press Control-I (Command-I on a Mac) and confirm that you would like to edit multiple items at once.
It added practice fields, renovated the football stadium and partnered with Nike, and the football program rose from putrid to formidable to regular national championship contender.
Goldman Sachs thing is officially dead.
You’re taking someone’s health from them.” Assemblywoman Barbara M. Clark , Democrat of Queens, and State Senator Velmanette Montgomery , Democrat of Brooklyn, have sponsored a bill to keep the possession of condoms from being used in criminal court as evidence of prostitution.
But the reverse easily could be true, she says.
Telling supporters that Mr. Romney has vowed to repeal Obamacare on his first day in office — Mr. Obama said he had “affectionately” adopted the Republicans’ term for the health care law — the president said that by doing so, “with the stroke of a pen” Mr. Romney would end insurance coverage for young people who, under the law, are covered until age 26 on their parents’ insurance policies.
We’re just losing these games because of little mistakes and hustle plays.
The Smartphone Industry in a Snapshot LOL Wall | What if Apple, Samsung and Nokia were students in a classroom?
Mr. Ariath said when he once wrote about an official’s business deals, he got a phone call.
Clearinghouses would standardize collateral payments across the default swap market, and they might demand higher amounts of collateral than banks currently demand from each other.
They are being very closely monitored.
Sept. 23 at 4 p.m. $30.
The trustee, Irving H. Picard , did not say how long it would take to recover the remaining $94.7 million.
We buy the hair at fair prices, and tried to explain it, but there isn’t much you can do,” Ms. Wilson said.
I’m not sure that Dyson has dealt with the pressure that will be there; he’s never won in America.
Their investment spending rose last month from year-ago levels for the first time in 15 months, the details of Sunday’s official data showed, as Beijing started trying to revive the economy.
By convicting Mr. Gupta of conspiracy, prosecutors will most likely argue that he is responsible for all trading cited in the indictment — which was estimated at trial to have generated for Galleon over $16 million in gains or in losses avoided.
Because he’ll do more work than the three of them combined.” Then, as the 2010-11 season approached, Thibodeau went from zero offers to three.
You can enjoy a new book for less than $30 without any additional equipment.
I’ve been writing about how macroeconomic reality under Ronald Reagan didn’t actually match the myth, and many people are inevitably upset.
HARRISON--Gerald, on January 19, 2012.
“Because I’m on foreign soil,” he said, “I don’t want to be creating new foreign policy for my country or in any way to distance myself from the foreign policy of our nation.” A few hours later, his 15-minute speech did include one vague shot at Democrats.
And the story really lives now in the social media world.
He graduated from Queens College, received a master’s degree in history and secondary education from Duke and received an Ed.D.
“I just went out and played Santonio Holmes football,” Holmes said, though he declined to elaborate on what that meant.
She will be missed by all who knew and loved her.
“He is the ultimate motivator,” said Matt Bowen, who played for Williams in Washington.
Recently, NPD looked at the 40 cosmetics that account for 70 percent of sales, and found that in a category it called Age Specialists, there were twice as many products offering results over a period of weeks of regular use versus those offering “instant” results.
While on the make he pays lip service to having a fear of God.
“They’re on the front lawn.” He mentioned more than once that he had drafted a memoir (the tentative title: “Music, Metaphysics and Murderers”), but also said it would be inappropriate to try to pitch it to publishers right now.
There have been episodes when I had uncontrollable giggles and I couldn’t get through the scene, like the episode where Cameron and I mixed our faces on a computer screen to see what our baby would look like.
“How can I vote when my family in Gaza does not exercise the same right?” Ahmad Kanas, a mechanic, said he was too busy working to feed his children to vote for candidates he did not believe in.
Damon, 38, now in his 18th major league season, needs 277 hits to reach 3,000.
For some companies, cashing out has worked out well.
“He knows how to get what he wants.” One morning, I met up with Waschbusch at the site of his summer treatment program, a small elementary school tucked into the northwest corner of the Florida campus.
But Albarado will be back in court next week for a hearing on whether he violated terms of his conditional release in a prior assault case.
I find myself less interested in the data Gallup gathered here than in the question of why they set out to answer these questions — for women only — at all.
Chris Bosh scored 10 points and again played off the bench, a role he assumed in Game 5 of the Eastern Conference finals, after returning from an abdominal injury.
Someone else offered to do the job, but Hemingway writes that he could not risk ''a chance of Will knowing anybody was killing him.''
Saletan asserts, regarding evolutionary traits that are maladaptive in today’s world: “A pure scientist would let us purge these traits from the gene pool by fighting and killing one another.” Does Saletan have even the vaguest idea of what science is and what scientists do?
Surely this is not what they meant.
WHY , according to Dr. Boyd, do adults need to “give kids the freedom to explore and experience things online that might actually help them”?
On the one hand, a firm wants to reach the highest number of top-shelf start-ups.
“It has got to be up there,” he said on television immediately after the game that ended 1-1, damaging Manchester City’s hopes of deposing Manchester United as England’s champion.
In order to finance this nonstate agency with state money, he came up with a scheme so creative and convoluted it would make the Medellín cartel envious.
“But between what we wish and what we’re able to do, there’s often a divide.”
Those guys are expected to drive the runs in.” Rodriguez did some of that by lashing a single up the middle to drive in Jeter and make it 2-0.
Mr. Obama is struggling because of the economy and facing new challenges in Colorado, where his support among white men has fallen considerably from where it was in exit polls there in 2008.
June 10 at 2 p.m. Free.
The director, Jordana Williams, keeps her cast hewing to the realism of this fantastical material, even when it calls for them to lug a fake-looking insect claw onstage.
That probably means he can take advantage of the low 15 percent tax rate on carried interest, the special tax break for hedge fund and private equity managers.
I know what it feels like to be ignored.
Other friends have had to move parents into care facilities that fall short of their family’s hopes but are all that they can afford.
“He pitched really good today.” The game was played under sultry conditions, with temperatures in the mid-90s.
(The actor apparently likes old American cars.)
Hunter-Reay was a team player, and versatile.
By that time, shortly after 8 a.m., the bodega was already open, but the basement had a separate entrance from the sidewalk accessible by a set of metal doors.
“Alex was a true caricaturist,” Mr. Klimavicius said of Gard.
“Bustin’ Loose” was Mr. Brown’s only single to reach Billboard’s Top 40, in 1979, although it held at No.
270 : 334, autoplay: false, type: "blog" // web trends -- indicates type of player }); }); In this exclusive video directed by the T contributor Cass Bird, the model Daria Werbowy goes for a springtime stroll wearing pleated dresses and lightweight separates from the American label Maiyet .
Sundays, Mondays and Thursdays, noon to 5 p.m.; Fridays and Saturdays, noon to 6 p.m. Woodstock Artists Association and Museum, 28 Tinker Street.
Kwanchai Gomez, the executive director of the Thai Rice Foundation, a research center financed by the Thai royal family, believes the decline of interest in such hard work is inevitable, but a decade ago she set up an annual summer camp to keep at least some young people engaged in the ancient skill of coaxing rice from the ground.
The extravagance of his earlier work — the daredevil willingness to risk rupture and to court delirium — has lived on, of all places, in the later films of David Lynch .
The authorities asked residents to evacuate, but a few chose not to, including an 83-year-old Harry Truman (no relation to the former president), who became a minor celebrity when he refused to evacuate his home.
NEW CANAAN Silvermine Arts Center Galleries “Reuben Nakian: Eight Decades of Creation.” “Important Incidentals,” photographs.
“Every time I think, ‘Oh God, how am I going to learn all this?,’ I remember he did it.
“I know lots of people who have T.B.I., and that doesn’t make them killers of civilians,” said Paul Rieckhoff, executive director of Iraq and Afghanistan Veterans of America.
Yields on 10-year bunds, as they are called, touched 1.49 percent during the week.
The Litani or the Marowini?
They lost about $70 million in 2011, so every bit of lost revenue hurts.
A growing list of deans acknowledge that legal education is facing an existential crisis, but the transformation to a more sustainable model will be difficult and messy.
The promotions of any number of Texas politicians are built around an organization chart where one or both of those boxes is empty after November 2012.
Then on Sunday, the Lions won (Philadelphia) and the Vikings lost (Washington), although that may have just been the side effect of close encounters with the N.F.C.
Send in your photos on Twitter with the hashtag “#nytquad” and we’ll post ‘em on the blog.
Across three crammed levels, it sells books old and new.
“More than anything, I think that it is fear of the unknown.
In addition, a disclosure form filed with the IRS says the institute discovered last year that Mr. Connerly had submitted “unsubstantiated” business expenses from his credit card and cellphone bills.
Nor am I going to get bogged down in cultural issues.
“It means a lot,” he said.
And how can Myanmar, as it grows its tourism sector, avoid following Thailand and Cambodia into sex tourism?
The Giants did nothing to slow Rodgers — he threw four touchdown passes — but their offense stayed with the Packers’.
Senator John McCain won the state decisively.
“At first, I thought he was having a nervous breakdown,” Ms. Auger said.
Everyone wants to talk about them in a “did you see that ?” way.
It’s a Wedding ... Period My boyfriend of two years has been deported back to France.
Part of the reason for the difference may be that a ballot measure, the Florida Save Our Homes Amendment , was on the primary ballot in 2008 and could have encouraged turnout even among voters who were not interested in presidential politics.
Christine Gregoire, a Democrat, even wrote to Mr. Christie in January offering to speak with him about her own “personal journey” from believing churches should decide the issue to supporting the freedom to marry.
Verizon is not the only carrier that recognizes this: AT&T, the second-biggest American carrier after Verizon, has also said that it plans to introduce shared plans this year.
RICHARD DEATS Nyack, N.Y., May 10, 2012
The minister, Keishu Tanaka, appointed three weeks ago in a cabinet reshuffle, resigned for health reasons, the government’s top spokesman, Osamu Fujimura, said at a news conference on Tuesday.
Speaking directly to the camera in one ad, Mr. Obama urges voters to see the election as a big choice between competing visions for the country.
The air thickened with tear gas as police and paramilitary officers jogged into the Ishwardi Export Processing Zone firing rubber bullets and swinging cane poles.
A. That’s more a question of timing than anything else, Dr. Friedman says.
Known as the Higgs boson , it is the cornerstone of modern physics, but confirmation of its existence has eluded scientists for 40 years.
While the terms of a possible agreement are still being discussed, Mr. Qandil said that the interest rate on the loan, to be disbursed in several parts, would be 1.1 percent.
It is a love story, a more somber take on “The Little Mermaid” with a Greek-myth kind of ending.
“If a Republican is going to be competitive in New York State, they’ve got to carry the suburbs, they’ve got to carry upstate,” Mr. Greenberg said.
¶ Reggie Bush ran for 172 yards and 2 touchdowns, and the Dolphins beat the Raiders, 35-13, to win their home opener for the first time since 2005.
Eight years later, Roddick played in New York for the first time, in doubles.
The police cordoned off the bodega with yellow tape.
“It’s feeding the underground scene.” In a long room, about 40 Turks were watching the performance group Ha Za Vu Zu play music.
help now say they don’t want it,” Ferruccio de Bortoli, editor in chief of the newspaper Corriere della Sera, said in a Twitter message .
He said military experience had been instrumental in covering military affairs and had allowed him to understand the inner workings.
“Earlier, if we had applied,” Mr. Mansuri said, “we would not have gotten a loan.”
“Money spent on education, child care, support for poor families is not just consumption — these are pro-growth investments in our modern, knowledge-based economy,” Ms. Kornbluh said.
In the early 1980s, the teams discussed buying out the Silnas for $5 million to $6 million but did not pursue it.
It is dark wood, with a linen and mahogany headboard, and lots of storage drawers.
Professor Cowen is an expert on the economics of culture and the arts.
While many states may still try to move forward with their exchanges without the mandate, they will eventually collapse.
Shaquille O’Neal’s positional rivals all retired by the time he started winning championships.
Conventional crime prevention balances these interests by allowing individuals the freedom to commit crime, but punishing them if they do.
There are no steps at the entrance to the main dining room, and restrooms on the main floor are wheelchair-accessible.
More video of Mr. Fazlullah appeared in 2010 when a clip of him preaching to a group of men identified as suicide bombers was released to dispel rumors that he had been killed by in the Pakistani military offensive the previous year.
Mr. Perry’s predecessor, George W. Bush, did it, too, moving Alberto R. Gonzales from the lawyer job to the court.
But no mention of Kurzbauer.
New foreclosure cases are moving much more quickly, and there is no backlog, Mr. Wolfe said.
The supporter, Dr. Miriam Adelson, is the wife of Sheldon Adelson , a longtime Gingrich friend and a patron who this month contributed $5 million to the super PAC, Winning Our Future .
In an embarrassing policy change driven by pressure on its defense budget, Britain said Thursday that it was changing the type of fighter jet it intended to buy so it could avoid making expensive alterations to a new aircraft carrier.
But she is steadily focused on the thought that he not busy being born is busy dying.
The league said it was emphasizing rules that affected player safety — horse-collar tackles and hits on defenseless players, for example — and those that involve the administration of a game, like the use of timeouts and challenges.
Rush Limbaugh , on his radio show on Thursday, also took note of the headlines, calling it a “coordinated” effort to smear Mr. Gingrich.
For more independent commentary and analysis, visit breakingviews.com .
So he and my mother decided getting completely away was their best bet.
He also noticed that in 10th grade, students and their parents still tended to be on good terms; less so by junior year.
They are steered toward farms where they eat pests that bother other animals, and are used for breeding, to turn compost, to keep grass down and as pets.
The firm, which has roughly $120 billion in assets, makes about 2 to 3 percent a year in management fees on the money invested in its hedge funds.
After that, you’re really in it for the long haul, until the last ticket at 8:30.
We are “friends,” but not quite friends.
“That’s a design fail.” Time to move on.
She also hid in a cave with her family for three months while neighbors took food and water to them.
It reminds us that necessity is the mother not only of invention, but of hope.
The collection takes its title from a poem Mr. Franco composed about his work on a short film that he, in turn, adapted from the poem “Herbert White,” by Frank Bidart.
“I think I got a little of that magic from him from the last tournament,” Acy said of Heslip, who made nine 3-pointers in an earlier game against Colorado to help Baylor avoid an upset.
Nor could they have known how much they would have to ask from Europe’s taxpayers to keep Greece in the euro: close to 100 billion euros so far, or about $130 billion.
Most of the numbers are bottom-line figures transferred from worksheets or supplemental forms and schedules.
Beyond the one ship his firm already operates, he says that two new ships it purchased for a total of $175 million deserve to be included as well.
In the Liao dynasty, starting in 907, Man Gong, a Zen Buddhist master, had the Temple of Precious Rock built here, according to the Changping government Web site.
Brian Pearce, an economist for the group, said the increased loss was a result of Europe’s financial turmoil.
The series premiere last January drew a measly 236,000 viewers according to Nielsen, though that number grows to more than a million when you thrown in replays and DVR and online viewing.
hurt UBS’s investment banking unit.
If there is any complaint we enquire, if there is a lapse we take stringent action.
A couple of highlights from the report: Given that Republicans dominate the subcommittee on transportation security, it’s not surprising that many of their proposed solutions involve privatization.
It has a mechanical bull you can ride.
The current construction will create 15,835 square feet of renovated retail space and 11 rental apartments for a total of 50 luxury residential units.
Mr. Chiba’s attempts to honor the dead quickly caught on.
CM Performing Arts Center, 931 Montauk Highway.
Dozens of new stores have opened, including a sushi bar, an antiques vendor and an Irish pub.
It wasn’t until the next morning, when Lily’s mom asked us if we still had all our fingers and toes, that we learned the pond was home to a dense and aggressive population of snapping turtles.
Adding to the complexity, many Indians retire at the mandated age of 58 or 60, and social security covers only a sliver of the population.
To charge devices on the go, Mr. Ferriss opts for the PowerGen (about $35 on Amazon ) because it’s small and can feed both his iPhone and his camera; Mr. Hutchins likes New Trent’s external battery (about $35 to $77 for smartphone batteries) because it provides more charges than other brands he’s tried.
Faulty tires and failing hearts are the grim consequences of unfairness suggested by Dr. Falk’s talk.
♦ To the Editor: Harvey Mudd has seen a commendable increase in the number of female computer scie nce majors.
“But there are also upward of a trillion interconnected and intelligent objects and organisms — what some call the Internet of Things.
Mr. Gupta’s team of four lawyers from Kramer Levin Naftalis & Frankel were assisted by a jury consultant from Doar Litigation Consulting.
Politicians are not inclined to set up rigorous testing methods showing that their favorite ideas don’t work.
The crowd hushed with anticipation as Tsonga moved forward.
The style is the same, but it is a level ahead compared to what I have been doing.
In the land of Milkfat where the cheeses lie.
In its support forum, Apple explains how to separate an iCloud account, which covers services like Find My iPhone and online file storage, from an iTunes account used to pay for music, apps, books and other media.
I was not much impressed by the imagination and curiosity of the experts: they used an awkward, objectifying language that sounded borrowed rather than earned, and none made the elementary connection between my competence at reading and writing and the boy’s inability, or refusal.
When the game started, Davis assumed his usual position, down low, near the basket, protector of the paint.
They came because they wanted to be free ... Sept. 12 My father and grandfather came to this country not speaking a word of English.
Many Harvard basketball seasons ago, another trip to New Orleans was also something of a dream to the players.
Here she draws from her own recent album, “Changes” (Afrasia), with Anthony Wonsey on piano, Jamison Ross on drums and her brother, Curtis Lundy, on bass.
Rather more absorbing are his story of fleeing home at 9 (later photos show a young man staring with rock-solid confidence), his parsing of fatty tuna’s simplistic taste and glimpses of his wicked wit.
She said that in the abandonment case, Afriyie Gaspard had left her children with a baby sitter at her apartment, that the baby sitter left, and that when Afriyie returned home and found some of the children missing, she went to a police station, where she found her children but where she was arrested.
Sometimes it is better to just agree that it sucks, and leave it at that.” That’s what I posted to my Facebook page after all the dust surrounding my oldest son’s broken leg settled (and if you thought postings were a little slow on this blog this week, you’re right).
As a result, the ethics committee might issue a “letter of reproval” against Mr. Moore, which is not a formal charge, but its least serious type of punishment, which would not require action by the full House.
Mr. Tam said that his party had relied on local fund-raising and that “the elderly people support D.A.B.
And the Angels are 2-4, already two and half games behind the Texas Rangers, the team that has moved past them in the American League West the last two seasons.
Through campaigns like Young Conservatives for the Freedom to Marry and Mayors for the Freedom to Marry; public statements by business leaders like Jeff Bezos of Amazon and labor leaders like Richard Trumka of the A.F.L.-C.I.O.
“Insurance is just not scaled for the little people,” said Robert Maddox, who operates Sun One Organic Farm in Bethlehem, Conn. Organic farms, considered too unorthodox and risky for crop insurance until passage of the Agricultural Risk Protection Act in 2000, face additional disadvantages, the report says.
179 did better, with 36 percent of its students scoring proficient compared with 32 percent for P.S.
But it could use more apps and services that address the needs of business people with specialized needs.
The economy was in a free-fall; health care competed with issues like climate change and immigration for Mr. Obama’s political capital.
Two double faults, a bad backhand error and a horrific forehand shank on break point gave Federer his first break of the match.
So Bank of America must figure out how to satisfy Wall Street while it restores its reputation.
But he is particularly prone to bringing in foreign and irrelevant figures on no other grounds than show, as with an aside about “Elinga or Torrentius” or when he avers, for no good reason, that some words of Baudelaire “could have been those of Evagrius.” Or take this typically overloaded sentence: “For centuries, since the first success of Horapollo’s ‘Hieroglyphica,’ one may say that European culture was divided between the poles of substitution (perceivable in the stubborn determination to decipher) and of analogy (perceivable in the search for correspondences, and hence for a symbolic chain that made it possible, by way of resemblance, to move from image to image, without ever abandoning the cosmic play of figures).” This is especially disturbing when, in the next sentence, we learn that “both these paths show themselves to be inadequate.” Calasso is also partial to fancy words, which Alastair McEwen dutifully translates as “psychopomp,” “Ciliophora,” “claustrophiliac” and “hesychastic,” among others.
I’ve had to take all of that into consideration.” The beauty industry in the Middle East and Africa was estimated at about $20.4 billion in 2011, according to the market research company Euromonitor International.
NEW HAVEN Firehouse 12 Jason Robinson’s Janus Ensemble, jazz.
In the 1990s, he was successful in unleashing leaf beetles against another plant invader, purple loosestrife, which is not nearly the scourge it once was.
Here’s the CBO explanation: The path for revenues as a percentage of GDP was specified by Chairman Ryan’s staff.
After joining the family firm, he moved the company’s focus to the Web and the business took off.
ABC’s Academy Awards coverage begins with a 90-minute red carpet show at 7 p.m. Eastern, followed by the awarding of the statuettes starting at 8:30.
Besides, she says, it has been shown that businesses that hire and promote women at all levels tend to outperform companies without a strong female presence.
This extensive, meticulous online package takes readers through what scientists can and cannot say about the relationship between recent climate extremes and global warming.
In the latest example of his increasing focus on his next mayoral campaign, William C. Thompson Jr. informed the Cuomo administration on Wednesday that he was stepping down as chairman of the Battery Park City Authority .
site, offers software that inventories all the equipment on a company network, for example, then suggests to the participant ways that network could run better.
This is when Kovalchuk comes in handy.
And the evident commitment in the playing, including that of the fearless young drummer Justin Faulkner, gives the material a strong sense of lift.
“It’s almost like they’re trying to validate performance through their focus.
March 9 at 7:30 p.m. $20.
There, he became co-owner of the Root & Cady music store and embarked on one of the most successful song writing careers of the war era.
The liquid will turn patients’ urine green, which is how they are alerted to the problem.
“I asked about a laundromat and they told me it was 30 minutes away.” But as he was in high school, Cruz was the leading receiver at Bridgton, too.
So I did a lot more reading, a lot more studying.
A middle option, with an arsenal of about 1,000 warheads, has been gaining support among some government experts.
“Most schools offer students a chance to pick and mix — to pursue their own interests from the beginning.
At a time when connections are being renewed between Myanmar and the rest of the world, peace is threatening to break out in the historically fractious and insurgency-plagued states of Northeast India.
Mrs. Prada said in many interviews about the show that she had never been inspired by the work of her predecessor.
Sandra Lee, the Food Network cook who is also the governor’s girlfriend, explains.
The bank, in striking the settlement deal, agreed to improve its compliance systems.
New World Stages, 340 West 50th Street, Clinton, (212) 239-6200, telecharge.com .
And that driver was happy to throw open his sliding door.
Still, such attacks from the West Bank have become a rarity, and the recruitment of an accomplice inside Israel was bound to raise further concerns among Israelis.
The Federals remained, their lines compact and well entrenched.
In 2009, the number jumped to over 16,000, and it is expected to reach 45,000 next year, accounting for about 16 percent of the 280,000 applicants expected to take the test.
The comics that follow bear a similarly high acid content, from the dubiously righteous fury of Roberta Gregory’s “Bitchy Butch, the World’s Angriest Dyke,” to Craig Bostick’s allusive vignettes of love among the skate punks.
I wish the best for the Knicks — just not against my Lakers.” Chris Torres, the guy in the Knicks jersey, said he was a Knicks fan by inheritance.
Believing him, declarer played dummy’s ten and took East’s king with his ace.
When appropriate, a light touch or a bit of humor is certainly welcome in our writing.
At concerts Ms. Garbus builds her musical backdrops slowly, looping one constituent part at a time, until she’s created a roaring fire of sound over which she sings.
Some said they hoped the justices would now decline to hear an idiosyncratic case affecting a single state.
First they must pick an enemy (any will do), but his cousin, the lanky king, is nearby and therefore convenient.
This introduction was made through Vernon Lee, who played a lively part in the local cultural scene.
Genetics changed so vastly during this period, notably with the discovery of the structure of DNA in 1953, that when anxious students asked Dr. Crow what would be in the exams, he would tell them that the questions were the same every year but that the answers were different.
When their gymnastics careers ended, their lives diverged.
The Bikram practice and its offshoots like Power Yoga and Hot Yoga are nothing if not extreme.
Classical music has also been prominent in Guimarães, notably through a series of chamber music concerts held in the beautiful courtyard of the city’s castle.
The government created a cultural heritage corridor from North Carolina to Florida to celebrate the Gullah and Geechee peoples, as they are known.
The hourly fee to rent a car, including insurance, averages $6 to $8.
New digital deals will be made “over the next number of months,” he said.
“We didn’t put that lineup one night when it was all Mets players, all Mets farm guys, for publicity,” Collins said.
“Today with the technology that you have, when a guy like Dickey throws the knuckleball, the evaluation and everything is on every pitch you call,” said Bruce Froemming, a former umpire and Major League Baseball’s special assistant to the vice president on umpiring.
The burger-flipping days are definitely over.
“In accordance with its mandate, the United Nations is obliged to intervene to put and end to the present conflict under charge of prevention of civil war,” UN Congo chief Robert Gardiner said in a letter to Katanga Foreign Minister Evariste Kimba.
And if you have never made a soufflé, this is a good one to begin with.
NEW YORK TIMES Dimon Agrees to Testify, Without Committing to Specific Date | While Jamie Dimon, the chief executive of JPMorgan Chase, has agreed to testify before a Congressional committee in June to discuss the bank’s recent multibillion-dollar trading loss, he has not committed to a date.
Voters went to the polls on Dec. 13 for 87 seats and on Monday for the remaining 95 seats.
There is no Bluetooth capability, rechargeable battery, alarm clock, AM/FM radio or speakerphone.
Pakistani officials have said Mr. Baradar’s name is not on the list of those to be released; Mr. Rabbani would not comment.
In a sleek presentation to investors and reporters, Mr. Johnson and Mr. Francis described how the company was getting rid of its nonstop sales.
Its numbers are not directly comparable with those of the shows it competes with, however, because ABC manipulates the commercial positions in the 25-minute “Nightline” to limit its rating to about 17 minutes, which maximizes its numbers.
“Excuse me,” she said, eyes lowered nervously.
(“She is losing credibility fast,” Funder wrote of one source, “but her story is becoming correspondingly better.”) In her first novel, Funder reverses the trick, building fiction from historical fact.
The four defenders that lined up on the line of scrimmage were the only ones to rush quarterback Carson Palmer, although inside linebacker Akeem Dent appeared ready to blitz just after the snap.
If a factory does not pass muster, it is not supposed to get orders from Western customers.
Congress passed the Defense of Marriage Act in 1996, and in 2010 a federal judge in Massachusetts struck down the law as unconstitutional, declaring that restrictions on same-sex marriage had no rational basis and failed even the most lenient test for constitutional scrutiny.
after being fired as head coach by the Atlanta Hawks in 2010.
“It’s beautiful,” I said involuntarily.
His last article for the magazine was a profile of the novelist Nicholson Baker .
In the meantime, they’re groping their way to oblivion with a touchingly earnest anger, confusion and whatever forms of self-medication come to hand.
In 2004, she was a member of a synchronized skating team in Lexington, Mass., that won the senior division United States championship.
Fake and substandard malaria drugs are a growing threat to efforts to beat back the disease, a new study sponsored by the federal government has concluded.
In contrast, in the entire decade between 1998 and 2007, about 100,000 such parents were removed.
The timing of the aid package is also a problem, coming as Mr. Obama and Congressional leaders in both parties were struggling to negotiate an agreement to avert tax increases and spending cuts on Jan. 1.
Johnny’s also has a beautiful China aster (Callistephus chinensis), Serenade Mix, a collection of semi-double flowers in red, carmine, rose, scarlet, blue, light blue, and white with blue or rose tips, all with a gold-button center.
Like Curtis, Leonard’s troubles began on the greens.
He said his approach has cost him some business, especially with older actresses.
As the jury toured the site, Thomas J. Pritzker, the scion of the Hyatt hotel fortune that finances the Pritzker prize, asked Mr. Wang the cost of building the campus, he recalled.
“It’s going to be the best shot we can get in 24 seconds.
In a two-page chapter called “Why This Book Exists” Mr. Young explains that his book will be a goose that lays a golden egg.
In almost every state where the ID laws have been at issue, Republican governors and legislatures have been on the side of passing stricter ones, while Democrats have sought to block them.
“And when it gets into the 90s, you just want to bail.” Sayer was at the Open with her daughter, Caroline, an undergraduate at New York University.
The same can be said for Watson, who is ranked 99th.
Mr. Arzumanyan said the Institute of World Economics and International Relations in the academy estimated that 200 leading monopolies of the capitalist world controlled 34.2 per cent of the entire industrial production of the capitalist countries.
Normally there’s sawdust on the stage, so I can’t practice the wheel.
The process has revealed the shifting alliances between environmentalism and community-building.
That women’s rights and health are casualties of Republican policy is indisputable.
So when Brasa Rodizio , with a similar format, opened not far away in September, I had to wonder, does the town need another restaurant serving the same kind of food?
Down fell several bags of gold coins: U.S. dollars, dated 1851 to 1928 and valued at €700,000, or nearly $900,000.
For many of the participating schools, which include Brandeis, Emory, Notre Dame, the University of Rochester, Vanderbilt and Wake Forest, Semester Online offerings will be their first undergraduate for-credit online courses, and the first to offer credit to students from outside the universities.
How do you find airfare sales?
Unemployment is high, especially among young people,” Ms. Merkel said.
In South Korea, such a gesture of sacrifice by a major candidate like Mr. Ahn is not common.
He was living in Fort Greene in 2005, and his rent kept rising along with home prices so, despite the risk, he decided to buy a place.
And the generalists studied less and less about more and more until presumably they would know nothing about everything.
Ecco, part of HarperCollins, has acquired “Rooms,” which will be released in fall 2014.
“They do it against Real Madrid, they do it against A.C. Milan,” Di Matteo said.
The inflation index used in calculations of gross domestic product is now 18 percent lower than it was at the end of 1994.
The bill, which had already passed the State Senate, needed to be heard on the House floor before midnight.
About 20 states — as well as New York City — have so-called “e-waste” laws.
Today in Your Money All the news from The Times that will hit you in the wallet.
“I’m not going to just say if this happens, if that happens,” Ryan said.
The Wi-Fi BacPack and Wi-Fi Remote should be in stores in March.
Readers of this column know that I like to put obscure or overlooked Supreme Court decisions under a microscope to see what they might tell us about what’s really going on at the court.
Last month journalists from The New York Times spent five days traveling with members of an armed group of Syrian rebels and hearing their stories.
“We call 911 when something happens.” Mary Signorella, a general manager at Cooper Square Realty who oversees the Southgate cooperative where Ms. Catus has been working, pointed out that building security generally has more to do with keeping a pair of eyes on the door than with hand-to-hand combat.
“Reynold’s contribution cannot be overstated,” said Katherine G. Farley, the chairwoman of Lincoln Center .
We’ve got to pressure him.
All put in perspective by having just sat in a memorial pew witnessing up close the human consequences of loss – the black-garbed pain of Anthony’s family members who were not mourning a dead journalist and colleague, but a dead father, husband, son and brother.
It is the largest Republican state convention in the country.
As Paloma Plant, a FLAP employee, picked up the two dead birds, waves of chickadees swept overhead, narrowly avoiding collision.
pours money into the expansion of its Village campus , it may want to siphon some off for taking care of its art.
Amid German concerns that its wealthy citizens are moving funds from Switzerland before a new German-Swiss tax treaty takes effect next year, Singapore and Germany said Sunday they had agreed to bolster their double-taxation agreement with internationally agreed standards on information sharing.
President Obama called for passage of such legislation in his State of the Union address last week .
I’m here to provide you with a season recap so far for our team .
See what you know about the news below.
The combination of Misys and Temenos would create of one the world’s largest banking software companies, providing financial institutions with support in their risk-management and other back-office operations.
Mention “transforming masculinities” in Asia, and some might assume the topic is Thailand’s flourishing sex-change industry.
Take this recent report by NBC News , which fails to mention that while some women inquire about C-sections, according to Childbirth Connection , a nonprofit organization that supports maternity care, only 0.08 percent actually request one.
“It was an act of vandalism and extreme case of debauchery,” she said.
Mr. Blum has also been shrewd in his choice of target, said Richard Kahlenberg, a senior fellow at the Century Foundation who writes about affirmative action policies.
Her grief never goes away.
But Franklin didn’t have to cope with home shopping channels and the local drive-through McDonald’s.
Field — the person in charge of overseeing and enforcing a new and unprecedented era of on-shore drilling in New York State — a climate change denier?
On a springlike Tuesday in January, a dozen students in their 20s and 30s sat in the rear dining room, sipping water and the occasional beer.
American factories have been a crucial source of jobs and growth since the recession ended in June 2009.
“We’re looking for a new school superintendent.
And they’re less likely to take advantage of shields like do-not-call lists.
I like to think he was tickled by the vision of a little brown girl reverently photographing him.
2 Lincoln Square, Columbus Avenue, at 66th Street, (212) 595-9533, folkartmuseum.org .
Mr. Laird owned the independent comic book publishing company Posro Komics and has over 15 years of experience in software development and project management.
The groom, 35, who is known professionally as David Rogue, is a pop rock singer and songwriter in New York.
In some parts of the country, allergists say they have been seeing a rush of patients as far back as February experiencing sneezing, sniffling and stuffed sinuses brought on by a weak winter and unexpectedly balmy weather.
Sure, the game-winning touchdown was a strange sight, writes Joe Posnanski on SI.com , coming reluctantly as Ahmad Bradshaw tried not to score, fought momentum and plopped into the end zone anyway.
But the state budget did grow substantially over the last nine years, Mr. Cruz is fond of pointing out, and Mr. Dewhurst sometimes compromised with moderates to pass bills.
“They’ll start to give way,” said Richard Barwell, an economist at Royal Bank of Scotland.
David: At least Ryan has a series of proposals that have been scored by the Congressional Budget Office .
Her books had a profound effect on me when I was younger.
He did not return to play, and received stitches in his mouth according to NHL.com.
Rollie Fingers, 1968-1985 The Barbershop Quartet: John Thorn, the official historian of Major League Baseball, considers Fingers's mustache the best ever.
In the dark gallery eerie electronic music accompanies a constantly changing collage of overlapping video projections on one big wall.
If he had the same pedigree as his teammate Mike Minor (a former first-round pick), Beachy probably would have drawn a bid more closely resembling the $4 that Minor commanded last season.
The museum’s implied conclusion is sensed rather than taught: after the harrowing history, you are brought back, finally, to the present, in somber gratitude.
“This is a retaliation.” Mr. Paul is famously antiwar.
It’s not really about birth control .
Film directors’ options are more limited.
The man suspected of being the gunman has been identified as a member of the Pakistani Taliban named Attaullah.
As part of its focus on the Wild West, ''American Experience'' explores Wyatt Earp, the lawman who pulled his gun at the O.K.
Violence can only create violence.
Friday appeals to the music crowd, including record-label types and their talent, and Saturday feels more downtown cool-kid, with both weekend days getting a few more out-of-towners, the occasional fist-pumper and those who drink directly from the tequila bottle.
For instance, today, Italy’s conservative banks will not approve mortgages for most middle-class borrowers unless they have a guaranteed contract, an issue that has not been resolved in talks.
(The “Star Wars” bag wasn’t the best choice for a night out on the town.)
Moguls like Rupert Murdoch and Robert A. Iger endure banquet food in hopes of rubbing an important political elbow or two.
Another assumption dictates that Guardiola’s philosophy, whether it is rightfully his or not, will be applicable at any club in any league in any country.
And Alabama and Mississippi, which vote a week from today, are on the southern frontier of it.
Another crash-landed on the way and three were still missing, the official said, speaking on the condition of anonymity because he was not authorized to speak publicly.
Andrew M. Cuomo eliminated part of a payroll tax, ran fewer peak-hour trains between Christmas and New Year’s as part of a program to save about $200,000 a year.
But at least there would be some hope of recovery.
Arguments in favor of free speech do not carry much weight here.
has finished off its 38-28 win over archrival U.S.C., which fell to 7-4 in a season in which it was a preseason No.
For now, Cabrera has two weeks to do something that has not been done in 45 years.
Reportedly Princes William and Harry; Catherine, Duchess of Cambridge; Prince Charles’s wife, Camilla, Duchess of Cornwall; and Prince Andrew’s daughters Princesses Beatrice and Eugenie were in attendance.
Physical risks, I told him, have psychological characteristics that make them feel scarier or less scary, regardless of actual probability or evidence.
However, the number of banks willing to lend to one another on such terms has been sharply reduced because of economic turmoil, including the 2008 global financial crisis, the European debt crisis that began in 2010, and the downgrading of large banks’ credit ratings this year.
I was redirected to a registration page.
Last week, a judge sentenced him to 30 days in jail, beginning on Thursday.
‘War Horse’ The galloping, tear-pulling Tony winner (2:45).
Delivery is free in TriBeCa for five or more boxes, otherwise, $25.
Far from clarity, however, he called the outcome “both clearer and more complicated,” given that a majority of voters endorsed separatist politicians but also decided that his own party would not govern alone.
“Hudson River Explorers,” works by Holly Sears.
WHETHER Mr. Fakahany and Mr. White can maintain their breakneck pace is anyone’s guess.
The next day, we smeared it on bread and topped it with fig preserves.
for The Times, Football Outsiders and NBC Sports.
“It’s not even a little good.” Pay attention to Hungary.
The city is calm and looks normal.
Not the easier read, but the book had a lasting impact on me.
Perhaps McIlroy’s greatest fortune during the tournament occurred before the rain Saturday when an errant drive of his lodged in the crevice of a dead tree on the third hole.
Ridgefield Theater Barn, 37 Halpin Lane.
She emerges slowly, with effort, as if simultaneously hatching and giving birth.
In retrospect, the details of the sales seemed suspect from the start — a little-known dealer selling formerly unknown modern masterpieces on behalf of an owner who requested anonymity to a gallery with major connections.
It may be the most unflattering mug shot since a wild-haired Nick Nolte was caught on camera after a 2002 arrest.
Although it may have been necessary in Iraq to keep our distance for safety and take all of these things as a potential threat, today, at home in the United States, I am still, like many returning veterans, programmed to view anything related to Islam — mosques, turbans, burqas, abayas, even long beards — with suspicion and fear.
We beat an excellent Georgia team, one of the best in the Southeastern Conference, which is one of the best conferences in the country, and we did it the same way that we won all year – with seniors stepping up.” Marist reached the round of 16 in 2007, defeating Middle Tennessee State and Ohio State.
“They threw him to the wolves,” said Hector Griffin, a retired Venezuelan diplomat who said he knew Ms. Fonseca and had been hired as a lawyer by Mr. Sagaray’s family.
Last year Mr. Dimon received $17 million in equity awards around this time of year and his total pay for the year came to $23 million.
Add to that a paradigm shift away from the old decorator-assisted living for those at the high end, engineered by years of relentless D.I.Y.
I don’t think they were Al Qaeda; they seemed too amateurish for that.
“To me the work is not experimental at all.
By last August, the sixth anniversary of Katrina, it was clear that nature had triumphed.
In the five games since, he has 10 turnovers (five interceptions and five fumbles), with six of the giveaways coming in the past two weeks.
Austin could connect, at least on some level, to cornerback Prince Amukamara.
We were so upset and disappointed; it was a matter of one goal.
When Iran released the American hostages in 1981, Mr. Cook had a quick response on hearing that the baseball commissioner, Bowie Kuhn, was giving them lifetime passes to major league games: “Haven’t they suffered enough?” Carroll Hoff Cook was born in San Francisco on Sept. 1, 1931, and when he was young his family moved first to Boston and then to Pittsburgh.
“It wasn’t based on a view of what the public should be focusing on,” explained an editorial after the moratorium .
In evenings at home in Brooklyn I was the one trying to catch my breath, curled in a ball of panic in the apartment I shared with my boyfriend, a meditation teacher.
“We knew what a challenge this offense represented.” The defense asserted itself by creating turnovers on the Saints’ first two possessions.
For all of the improved access to care that may result from this settlement, crucial money questions linger.
Monroe TheatreSpace, 720 Monroe Street.
Neither is given to display for its own sake.
“We also now have the example of for-profit colleges that have shown that it’s perfectly possible to go to scale online,” said Kevin Carey, policy director of Education Sector , an independent policy institute.
SCOTT We will always have plenty to complain about, of that I’m quite certain.
It seems impossible today that it could be there, but it will be, and this” — he pulled at his orange shirt — “this helps, maybe.
These adapters should not be a profit center for Apple; they should be a gesture of kindness to those of us who’ve bought accessories based on the old connector.
flap is improved over the previous model and even has a slot for an iPad or Kindle.
The release said that Google’s answers to a questionnaire about its policy had been “incomplete or approximate,” not “incomplete or inaccurate.” (The agency corrected its translation after the article was published.)
And I understood why two dozen pairs of eyes were watching the path of the dropped doughnut.
“It’s a new direction for me,” Mr. Valera said.
Squirt these with lime and serve as a side dish, along with pico de gallo — here made slightly Asian with the addition of a tablespoon of fermented bean-paste sauce.
“No one, but Casey Stengel spoke to me!” I shout.
The departing officer in charge of the United Nations observers, Gen. Robert Mood, said at a news conference in Damascus that the monitors were “irrelevant” without the will for peace on both sides.
Their performance, from 2009, unfolds as rough-and-tumble sport, but not without a framework: only two of the eight tracks here are whole-cloth inventions.
“We taste and feel and see the truth.
Denver had the fourth lowest racially charged search rate in the country.
The federal government underwrites some fellowships and is asking for $54 million, up $11 million from last year, in the next budget for such training, especially for Geriatric Education Centers at dozens of medical schools and major medical centers.
His list of hopefuls also includes: “The Artist,” “The Descendants,” “The Help,” “Hugo” and “Midnight in Paris,” with “Moneyball” and “War Horse” as possible add-ins.
In this world, executive hubris tends to dominate as overconfidence and the need to be the biggest on the block cloud reason.
Even for those who believed most fervently in Griffin’s potential, his maturation has come faster than imagined.
(Anderson) ★ Sierra Leone’s Refugee All Stars (Thursday) These reggae and Afrobeat musicians, a group that was displaced to Guinea during the Sierra Leone civil war, jam along the East River in a free afternoon celebration for, of all possible topics, pizza.
On many fronts it seemed that the global was winning out over the local, what with the continued proliferation of art fairs, the spread of auctions and the franchising of art galleries, on the Gagosian model, around the globe.
Alternatively, you can seek out a planner who will charge either a flat fee or by the hour.
Yet this outsized attention has served an important purpose.
But that’s all I can think of, and that’s all I ever tell people: it wasn’t meant to be.”
Mr. Liebling, now 58, who wore bandages on arms ravaged by decades of heroin use and rubbed raw by compulsive scratching, played his band’s music on a stereo, from Pentagram’s hard-rock inception in the 1970s through its pioneering doom-metal phase in the ’80s, while he talked, smoked cigarettes and crack, nodded off and apologized.
“Ninja weight loss,” for instance, forbids you from dieting and encourages you to sneak up on weight loss by writing down which foods make you feel energized or to exercise a little more.
He retired on Friday as ambassador to Afghanistan, where he had previously served as deputy chief of mission and in 2002, he reopened the American Embassy in Kabul after the Taliban regime fell.
But it’s an enjoyable soak in American literary bohemia, and a cleareyed portrait of a man whom Mr. Hjortsberg aptly calls “a connoisseur of the perfect moment.” His book is full of them.
It’s a way of consumption that has conditioned buyers to expect this up-to-the-minute trendiness and variety in higher-end labels as well.
In addition to Cosell’s often conflicting impulses toward social justice and personal ambition (impulses that I would argue emerge from the streets of Brooklyn, where he matured), he was a product of both broadcasting history and American social history.
Impressively, the Bharata Natyam group — the choreographer Sonali Skandan and Jiva Dance from New York — included a Nigerian dancer; while Bageshree Vaze, the Kathak dancer, though born in India, was raised and lives in Canada and performed to her own recordings.
STONY BROOK Simons Center for Geometry and Physics at Stony Brook University “How ‘Thinks’ Work,” exploring the human thinking process.
Here, they grew restless, unconvincingly shifting their legs while sighing and crossing their arms.
The Big Ten could have as many as seven teams invited to the N.C.A.A.
Normal population growth means that the economy needs to add between 125,000 and 150,000 a month to keep unemployment from rising.
Executives assumed at the time that the high price would preclude other uses.
A critical point of contention in the case, Gratz v. Bollinger, was whether a diverse student body was of compelling interest to the state.
Other hedge fund managers also took contrarian views as well in other sectors.
The zone of privacy around a candidate has vanished, thanks to prying smartphones — poised, yes, to capture important tells, but poised as well to document meaningless ones.
The Rangers sandwiched goals by Artem Anisimov and Gaborik, the Game 3 overtime hero, around a Washington goal from Nicklas Backstrom to head into the third period tied at 2-2.
Last weekend, he visited the Strummer of Love festival and Joe’s Stones, which he created for the widow of Joe Strummer, the guitarist of the Clash.
The rosés to look for are crisp, textured and refreshing.
At the outset, the sanctions, including embargoes, asset freezes and travel bans, were targeted on the government — precisely to avoid harming Iranian civilians.
The western Panhandle is dotted with military bases , and is home to a large contingent of active and retired military personnel.
As Terry D. Cooper summarizes the category in his book, “Sin, Pride and Self-Acceptance,” “To guarantee peace, it is necessary to leave the battleground of interpersonal relationships, where there is constant threat of being captured.” These detached people may put on a charming veneer to keep people away.
NEWARK Prudential Hall, New Jersey Performing Arts Center Boston Pops Esplanade Orchestra, conducted by Keith Lockhart.
His average of 11.09 yards per attempt would break the single-season record, set by Sid Luckman in 1943 (now we are really comparing eras!)
“I love that we are one of the least unionized states in the country,” she said, calling it “an economic development tool unlike any other.” She pledged to “make the unions understand full well that they are not needed, not wanted and not welcome in the state of South Carolina.” Teacher tenure continues to be a flashpoint in many states.
But Mr. Usman argued that uncovering the truth was necessary to hold political leaders formerly aligned with Mr. Suharto accountable.
Fifty, to my surprise, just wasn’t a biggie.
Those officials — unlike other state and local officials — decided to hide behind an ambiguity in the state’s Freedom of Information law.
He is scheduled to report for spring training on Friday at the Brewers' complex in Phoenix, and in a statement issued after the ruling was announced he said he was ''pleased and relieved.''
From Roger Dubuis’ new Velvet High Jewellery watch, whose 1,300 diamonds totaling about 10 carats obscure a timekeeping mechanism distinguished by the prestigious Poinçon de Genève quality mark, to the always brilliant timepieces in the Graff Luxury Watches collection, the newest diamond-studded wristwatches take their stones as seriously as their mechanical pedigrees.
Existing Celtic shareholders will also receive 0.5 of a share in a new company that will be led by Celtic’s current management team.
On English television, Gianfranco Zola, a once-irrepressible player of both these teams, summed up: “In Italy,” he said, “we talk about the character of the player, the man who can show up when it is really needed.
You can’t draw this up.
The game ended early — Mr. Romney’s aides needed to get to debate prep, and the reporters had stories to file.
Can these kinds of over-the-top amenities make modern travelers — the status-conscious, ultra-wealthy kind — take a chance on Puerto Rico?
His lawyers and family argued that he was too sick, but doctors concluded that he was fit enough.
I never got a phone call about the job.
“It is difficult to make plans when you are 9,” Shevchenko said.
I make a simple syrup with a nob of thinly sliced ginger and then roll wet cranberries in sugar and pop them in the freezer.
Melena Ryzik (a k a The Carpetbagger), Stuart Emmrich, the Styles editor, the Hollywood reporters Brooks Barnes and Michael Cieply and the television critic Mike Hale reported on the red carpet and the ceremony.
“It’s part of experiencing the cultures,” he said.
Libby Kelson-Fulcher, a Universal Life minister, officiated.
“We share a similar sensibility for what we find bizarrely funny,” Berman says.
Considering the turmoil and adversity that the lanky 1.92-meter, or 6-foot-3, badminton player has been through over the past 21 months, both on and off the court, the occasion undoubtedly will be that much more special.
At about 8 p.m., a man on a bicycle sped by and fired one shot into a small group standing outside the store on Randall Avenue in the Clason Point section, the authorities and witnesses said.
Though it might sometimes be represented by bank notes or coins, money is an immaterial thing par excellence , and to seek to acquire it is to move on the plane of ideas.
Betty Lee is also survived by her treasured stepdaughter, Anne Kolker, caring stepson, Tom Kolker, and adored grandchildren, Tripp, Matthew, Ross, Eric, Joanne and Amy.
The Chicago Blackhawks and the Phoenix Coyotes have played three overtime thrillers in the first three games of their series, but the focus at the United Center on Wednesday — as it has been across the N.H.L.
We also offer mobile applications and provide our videos to other Web sites.
Simone Gbagbo, the wife of Laurent Gbagbo , the former Ivory Coast strongman, played a central role in postelection violence that cost the lives of thousands of people in 2010 and 2011, the International Criminal Court said Thursday in a newly unsealed warrant for her arrest.
Scroll down to the backup options.
In 2010, 28,280 students took the test; 5,404 scored high enough to earn a slot.
And the girls remain sort of insubstantial.
A local news account had Ms. Sabet describing a cousin in Iran as the intended recipient, an inaccuracy that was propagated last week in a Wall Street Journal opinion article defending Apple’s discriminatory behavior.
The United States, Turkey and Qatar had been among the council members calling for a special session on Syria as part of their effort to pressure Mr. Assad.
1 and his epic battles, in no particular order, with Roger Federer, various chair umpires and his own dueling natures.
While these fears are understandable, such alarmism is misplaced.
And she gives us the opportunity to experience that journey with her.” This journey, Ms. Whelan said, has led her to a company that is in many ways a happier and calmer place to work, with much more camaraderie among the dancers.
She can clear the announcement with her parents.
“He loves his job,” said Senator Lindsey Graham, Republican of South Carolina and a longtime friend and ally of Mr. McCain’s.
Mr. Akin’s campaign has attacked Ms. McCaskill’s wealth and said she has benefited off of taxpayers.
Storm King Art Center, the bucolic 500-acre sculpture preserve near West Point, makes me think of Steven Spielberg’s “Jurassic Park.” With giant dinosaurs of Modernist abstraction by Alexander Calder, Alexander Liberman and Mark di Suvero looming over the gently rolling landscape, it takes visitors back to a nearly forgotten era — the 1960s — when sheer bigness and industrial materials and processes were compelling signs of sophisticated sculptural ambition.
In the future, that could mean new businesses, or at least even more personal attention during office hours.
I was supposed to be bringing some of the Tajik contractors from Zaranj, but they canceled at the last second.” In the gully, Mahiyadeen went on, the Taliban opened up on him with small arms and a rocket-propelled grenade, setting his vehicle alight moments before he escaped through the passenger door.
“People like it, people are inspired by it, but then it disappears again.” The libraries have endured long enough to attract their share of fans.
As he approached the house, he noticed it was on fire.
As Mr. Woodard crosses Seventh Avenue, heading east, the gunman walks in the opposite direction.
But the transitions between Fersen’s personal recollections and the necessary scene-­setting of larger historic events can be awkward.
Those on the dessert regimen maintained lower levels of ghrelin and reported significantly higher levels of fullness.
In a thoughtful review of this book, Richard D. Kahlenberg explains, “If we want to make a difference in schools, we cannot ignore what goes on outside them.” Improving educational outcomes for children should improve productivity, promote economic growth and generate higher future tax revenues.
But there may be another side to Mr. Cenedella, the 41-year-old founder of TheLadders.com , a popular job-search Web site.
Plans were announced Wednesday for the launch of yet another Division 1 women’s professional soccer league in the United States, the third such effort over the past decade or so.
“But you knew she was there.
And the last thing we need.
In this lesson, students identify the connection between nouns and pronouns and discuss how the clarity of a sentence is affected by using a noun as opposed to a pronoun.
Yet the fact that the agency has stopped short of such a finding remains significant.
When I ran for governor, I read binder after binder of briefings, but none of it taught me as much as one lunch with Kevin.
He told me that on the day of the massacre, a commander named Muhammad Mansour arrived late in the afternoon and ordered the guards to kill all the prisoners in the hangar.
He is the clarinetist David Shifrin, not David Finckel.
“We all thought the former minister had fallen overboard, and his fate would be sorrowful.
Based on this unscientific sample and despite a few caveats, Esquire in the Sixties rocked.
Cases of death are not common — Mr. Astakhov counted 19 since adoptions by Americans began — but the descriptions are agonizing.
He reopened his site as TVShack.cc , which he reckoned was beyond the reach of the United States.
Not only is it a waste of money, he said, but it is also “out of harmony with everything.” In the working-class neighborhood around the mausoleum, few hesitate to offer an opinion.
But if the Yankees win by one, this is going to be talked about for a long time.
The match is totally on serve, with neither player able to engineer a break.
Mr. Reilly said Raymond James planned to make retention offers to many of Morgan Keegan’s financial advisers.
“Using popcorn instead of water in a swimming pool was very clever.
Over the years, I’ve developed some theories about repairs around the house, although they might sound more like rationalizations to, say, a skeptical spouse.
(PHOTOGRAPHS BY RINA CASTELNUOVO FOR THE NEW YORK TIMES) MAPS
He’s decidedly the underdog in the National Book Award contest .
General Manager Sandy Alderson chuckled when asked by a reporter if Francisco’s latest injury was something to be concerned about.
“From Day 1, we had contacts with both sides,” said Mr. Haddad, but the United States stepped in “whenever there was a point at which there would be a need for further encouragement and a push to get it across.” Mr. Haddad said the United States played an important role “trying to send clear signals to the Israeli side that there should not be a waste of time and an agreement must be reached.” “They have really been very helpful in pushing the Israeli side,” he said.
But here, it feels a lot more like the year of the wolf.
In 2003, 52.5 percent of fourth graders were proficient in English, compared with 51 percent in 2011.
At the Doris Duke Theater, 8:15 p.m. Wednesday to Saturday; 2.15 p.m. Saturday and Aug. 26; Jacob’s Pillow, Becket, Mass.
At a training center on the edge of the Great Dismal Swamp, a clutch of reporters observed Marines repelling faux rioters, shooting down doors and clearing a supposed American embassy occupied by militants.
Karlan took this suggestion a step further.
He looks on that time as the happiest of his life.
“Especially for exceptional art works, and likewise for luxury jewelry.
If the case were simple, it wouldn’t have kept going through these last five years, plus.
And yet, just as beer snobs will try to foist their home-brew upon the contented light-beer drinker, I feel the quixotic urge to enlighten the Camry-driving masses to their more flavorful options.
(National Grid was outbid for the contract by Public Service Enterprise Group .)
“They were casing.” He started the car’s engine and drove off.
The patronage-ridden board says it needs more money, more people and changes in state law that deal with counting votes and the number of voters allowed per election district.
It was reckless, and it’s now — rightly — dead.
“Too High to Fail” takes the form of a fly-on-the-wall account of Northern California’s burgeoning legal cannabis industry.
successful in many cities around the world.
“We named the restaurant after an ingredient we don’t buy, which is kind of the funny-ha-ha part of the name,” said Mr. Torrisi.
A. There’s no doubt about it.
Mrs. Dotson, 30, is an associate at Spilman Thomas & Battle, a Charleston law firm.
She’s an artist who reached her current level of success on the cusp of 40, with the release of her blockbuster album “Nick of Time” in 1989.
Gail: I am familiar with the referee complaints.
He held his own through the 10, 11th and 12th innings, as the late-afternoon shadows encroached deeper upon the Stadium grass, as our telepathically delivered pleas failed once again to alter the standard performances of the likes of Bill Robinson (groundout) and Steve Whitaker (double-play groundout).
And at what angle are they falling?
Well, I’ll have to address that topic in a future column.
“Whatever team I go to, I’m going to put that talk to rest,” he said.
As we walked around the finish area in Central Park, he spotted the statue of Fred Lebow, the marathon’s charismatic co-founder and longtime director.
Once a high school football superstar who carried Elyria’s Friday night hopes, he now loops its streets shouting “Golden Helmet,” “They killed my brother” and other phrases that only a few Elyrians can decode.
Each weekday morning, we gather them together here so you can quickly scan the news that could hit you in your wallet.
That’s my gift to myself.” Inside the RV, she packs a ream of paper and extra ribbon.
He held this conviction even though prosecutors precluded him from presenting his compliance with state law as a defense to the federal charges.
In Fixes, for example, we have asked questions like: Is it possible to systematically increase empathy and cooperation in children?
Taken together, the Democratic Party of Brooklyn and Queens is the El Cid of city politics: Inside its impressive looking armor, there is barely a pulse.
There are encouraging signs that all sides are re-examining the prospects for a diplomatic solution.
But the hypothetical deal presented to these candidates guaranteed spending cuts.
“The competition is open to students from across the country, with some slots reserved for Detroit public schools,” he writes.
I told myself that I couldn’t bathe, shave, brush my teeth or change my clothes until I had finished it.
Advance press for “Habit” has emphasized its appropriateness for the age of reality television shows like “Big Brother.” But in interviews Mr. Levine played down the voyeur-baiting aspect of “Habit,” and he’s right to.
“If they ever spun off print, it’d be because he fixed it and wanted to highlight the value of print, not to remove the cancer from the organization.”
WASHINGTON DEPOT Behnke Doherty Gallery “Captured Moments,” landscape paintings by Tom Yost.
Dec. 8 at 2, 4 and 6 p.m. $10 and $15.
When the ball was launched, straight down the middle, the diminutive Suárez had two sizable opponents ahead of him, Newcastle’s powerful defender Fabricio Coloccini and its Dutch goalie, Tim Krul.
He recently began studying with the grandmaster Giorgi Kacheishvili, and his results have improved.
Immediately after the losses were disclosed, officials of the Comptroller of the Currency, JPMorgan's principal regulator, assured a Republican senator that all was fine.
Most of the menu’s appetizers will sound familiar, but every one we tried had seductive little fillips that pulled it out of the ordinary.
The Katharine Hepburn Cultural Arts Center, 300 Main Street.
2011 is especially difficult to sum up.
!” When my stores of sympathy have not been fully depleted by contemplating the indignities heaped on Mr. Fleischer, I’ll then go on and immerse myself in the ennobling humility of the comedian Dane Cook.
Mitt Romney was 22 when his father came to him and his siblings in search of political advice in December 1969.
A quality program is supported by engaged faculty members.
More recently, visits by Japanese government ministers to the Yasukuni Shrine in Tokyo, commemorating the souls of warriors, have triggered protests from China and South Korea.
Fiscal consolidation is incredibly difficult.”
Meanwhile, we should be thankful that this time the hurricane warnings worked as well as they did.
Chris Christie for re-election next year in New Jersey, deciding instead to focus on making a bid for a Senate seat in two years.
The legacy of Dent, an activist district attorney turned murderous lunatic, looms over this one, the literal and metaphysical personification of good intentions gone disastrously wrong.
“I was coming to a new culture and trying to make friends and learn the language.
HUNTINGTON Conklin house Gallery “All Things Conklin!” exhibit features the Society’s collection of Conklin family heirlooms, furniture, samplers, coverlets, silver and other household wares donated by the Conklin family.
“We don’t view this as a walled garden anymore.” Ms. Harman Gooder noted that many of the photos on the board for Bridal Fashion Week had been taken with a cellphone and posted to the site with Twitter, Tumblr and Instagram.
The demonstrations — which organizers have said they will halt on Thursday but resume in the second week of June if the government fails them — are putting both the government and the mainstream opposition groups, including that of the pro-democracy leader Daw Aung San Suu Kyi, in awkward positions.
With bone structure that resembles a blend of Ms. Didion’s and Vivien Leigh’s in her later years, Ms. Anderman gives a lovely performance that goes straight for the emotional jugular in the iciest, stealthiest way.
sued Ladislav Schvacho over trades generating more than $500,000 in profits in Comsys IT Partners stock shortly before the announcement that it would be acquired, causing a 31 percent jump in its shares.
Talent, is relied on for political judgments; Kerry Healey, a former Massachusetts lieutenant governor; Meghan L. O’Sullivan, a former deputy national security adviser; Eliot A. Cohen, once a leading advocate for invading Iraq who later harshly criticized management of the war; and Eric S. Edelman, a former diplomat who was also a Cheney aide and a top Pentagon policy official.
And those companies most resistant to voluntary disclosure might be disproportionately likely to engage in political spending that shareholders would disfavor.
“Pictures From the Moon” is at the New Museum through Sept. 30.
But trainers are not the only heavies in the game of musical horses that often occurs around big races.
Over the weekend, Ms. Witherspoon’s poorly reviewed “This Means War” (20th Century Fox) extended the box office cold streak for the Oscar-winning Ms. Witherspoon, arriving in fifth place with about $17.6 million in ticket sales.
An American Sikh is scheduled to speak Wednesday at the Republican National Convention in Tampa, Fla., the first time the party has invited a Sikh to speak at a national convention.
East and secure a playoff spot.
The performances usually take place on balmy, starry evenings under cloudless skies amid noble stone buildings of the 17th and 18th centuries.
DealBook » On Wall St., Keeping a Tight Rein on Twitter | Wall Street firms are tiptoeing into the fast-paced world of social media, with special software to archive messages and oversee postings.
A city councilman in Glendale, Calif., wants the size of pole-mounted restaurant signs , like that of Carl’s Jr. and McDonald’s, reduced because “they look like something you’d see in East L.A.” Forget political correctness; in East L.A., they’re probably thinking, “We have to get these big signs down, this place is starting to look like Glendale!” Returning soldiers are becoming farmers.
“Similar to ‘Baby Driver,’ the newest Subaru spot , ‘Looking for Gold,’ is also played by a real-life father and daughter who use their Subaru Legacy to chase down an elusive rainbow,” Ms. Hileman says.
The Turning Point, 468 Piermont Avenue.
The game was also the major league debut of the 20-year-old first baseman Orlando Cepeda, eventually headed to the Hall of Fame, too.
The crisis followed days of protests outside the Saudi Embassy and its consulates by Egyptians angered over the arrest of an Egyptian human rights lawyer in Saudi Arabia.
“We believe BlackBerry cannot succeed if we try to be everybody’s darling and all things to all people.” The review of operations, he said, would include exploring licensing RIM’s technologies to other companies or forming partnerships with other companies.
The company, which it renamed KMC Music, is a low-margin business and has squeezed Fender’s overall profit margins.
BLUMBERG--Harold, of West Milford, NJ, died Tuesday.
Take the Notch Trail, marked with blue blaze, back down to 9D, where the trail and road will join forces for about three quarters of a mile.
More a revue than a book musical, the show features songs by a handful of composers.
Many of the leading indicators (batting eye, swinging strike rate, HR/FB ratio) point toward an impending breakout for Ramos.
One turned out to be a mean mincer, so she was placed on permanent assignment.
“Right here,” she said, “is where all the magic is going to happen!” An elegant, feline man appeared in the door.
The transmission tended to stay in fifth or sixth gear, saving fuel but generating some dissonance.
Mirroring previous married-couple series that have worked on cable, E!
But getting people to give the micronutrient powders to their kids regularly is also a challenge.
Another company with an unfamiliar name, at least to most Americans, is the German agency Sixt , which has begun opening branches in the southeastern United States , including in Atlanta , Miami and Orlando , Fla. To boost brand recognition, the company, whose fleet includes BMWs, Mercedes -Benzes and Volkswagens, is offering deep discounts.
MY WEB RC IRON EAGLE HELICOPTER ($50)This is a no-frills indoor helicopter from My Funky Planet that is easy to fly and durable.
Doctors will also run blood tests and M.R.I.
“I think I’m going to feel like Jimmy Neutron when I put this thing on.
The site has been getting about 50,000 visits per month.
Liberal women’s groups fanned outrage over “forced vaginal penetration,” and Virginia was mocked on comedy shows.
Through June 9, audiences can see “The Comedy of Errors” performed in Dari-Persian, “Romeo and Juliet” in Brazilian Portuguese, “Love’s Labour’s Lost” in British sign language and “Othello” translated to American hip-hop lingo.
To those who adored him, he looked rather different.
El País established itself as the leading newspaper in Spain in the late 1970s, serving as a front-line witness to the period in which Spain returned to democracy after the death of the dictator Francisco Franco.
Why should anyone believe this gang?
Most public areas with good vantage points are blocked off.
The error, I’m sure, was mine, not Mr. Rosenthal’s.
We plan to publish responses and Mr. Goyal’s rejoinder in the Sunday Review.
Barnes & Noble, which is the nation’s largest bookstore chain and has more than 25 percent of the e-book market but still lags well behind Amazon, has a rich and powerful partner with global reach.
In February, his older brother, Hazell, was killed in a car accident, which took a tremendous emotional toll.
Some of his briefers have said he asks probing questions and often assigns homework in the form of follow-up questions.
Some of its problems have stemmed from costs related to harsh winter weather and steep grades on its line through Western Canada’s mountains, which limit the number of cars in a train.
But air travelers in China need to arrive at least an hour before a flight, compared with 20 minutes for high-speed trains, and the airports tend to be farther from the centers of cities than the high-speed train stations.
LA JOLLA MUSIC SOCIETY’S SUMMERFEST San Diego, July 31 -Aug. 24.
“I swore I would never look over there again,” she said.
There’s an outside chance that Mr. Gingrich could hold all of his opponents below 20 percent of the vote, in which case he would claim all 31 statewide delegates, but I’m certainly not assuming that for now.
Green Garlic, Chive and Red Pepper Frittata: This frittata has a fluffy texture and can be eaten cold or hot, and it’s easy to pack for lunch.
BLOOMBERG NEWS Germany’s Talanx Said to Hire More Banks for I.P.O.
#JLF Imagination makes us shape better stories, sure, but it also allows us to multiply possibilities.
Another innovation for European customers is the debut of MyKey, which allows owners (read: parents) to activate speed limitations.
Feb. 3 at 8 p.m. $37 to $67.
A foreclosure from Ohio highlights this problem.
As of 2008, 70 percent of African-American female college graduates had married, compared with 60 percent of high school graduates and just 53 percent of high school dropouts.
And it was a remarkable moment in time, one that today seems prehistoric.
Free of traffic, the Promenade connects the Bastille area to the giant Bois de Vincennes park outside the Paris city limits.
“After being married for over 37 years, I showed extremely poor judgment by engaging in an extramarital affair,” Mr. Petraeus said in his statement, expressing regret for his abrupt departure.
Not only do the White House, the Supreme Court and a budgetary crisis hang in the balance, but so does a national judgment on whether Mr. Obama’s agenda was a good idea in the first place.
It is the first day that high school seniors are permitted to sign a letter of intent to play college football.
I am not fluent in any other languages, but I consider myself decent at picking them up.
A dignified, elegant, gallant and unforgettable woman.
“As far as the police officers, I think they’re just doing their job,” he said.
The job gains in February, for example, were revised up to 240,000 from the 227,000 initially reported.
Tuesday and Wednesday at 7:30 p.m., Thursday at 8 p.m., Joyce Theater, 175 Eighth Avenue, at 19th Street, Chelsea, (212) 242-0800, joyce.org ; $10 to $49.
Over the years, Shell — the largest European oil company — has invested tens if not hundreds of billions of dollars in being a world-leading producer, processor and transporter of natural gas.
By the time he painted the first “Scream” he had lost his mother and sister to tuberculosis and his father to heart failure; another sister had been incarcerated in a mental institution.
Stoppage time: This game led me to believe that the future of women’s soccer is very promising.
At the time, no one understood it.
A few winters ago I was going with Micah and some other friends from Shanghai up to Harbin, in far northeast China, Chinese Siberia, for their annual snow and ice festival.
That evening at Yankee Stadium, Martin and Ivan Nova, the right-hander who was starting that night, walked to the bullpen at 6:35.
Australian newspapers questioned whether Indonesia, which has no nighttime search capabilities, should have been in charge in the first place.
“They’re trying not to let us focus on the real issues.” Nearly everyone here seems to agree that “Persepolis” was broadcast Oct. 7 on Nessma TV as a provocation of some sort.
television network has announced a gift to the Hammer Museum in Los Angeles to begin a new $100,000 artist award that has overtones of reality television, The Los Angeles Times reported .
What you did is, you had your own world that you lived in, with friends and food, you had your own nightclubs.
It was an effect possible only with two musicians attuned to each other’s rhythmic pulse and capable of blending seamlessly into each other’s sound, all without glancing at a page of music.
Li Xiaolin, a lawyer who was hired by Mr. Zhang’s family, was denied access to him.
Its usage increased sharply in October around the presidential debates.
As for passing: “Three things can happen, and two of them are bad.” As for attitude: “You’ve got to think lucky.
Eight years went by, and my dad died, suddenly.
We’re training Guatemalan scientists and students, and looking for new species of trees, whose rings might contain information about this country’s environmental past.
And also that it might bring to Balanchine’s city one of the all-Balanchine programs with which Mr. Andersen is educating Arizona.
JPMorgan Chase and Credit Suisse agreed to settlements with the Securities and Exchange Commission totaling $417 million over their packaging and sale of troubled mortgage securities to investors, the agency said Friday.
Mr. Tsujii said that Dr. Keene was accepted by Japanese scholars because he has what Mr. Tsujii described as a warm, intuitive style of thinking that differs from what he called the coldly analytical approach of many Western academics.
It is the District of Columbia Court of Appeals, not the federal Court of Appeals for the District of Columbia Circuit.
Christmas offers an almost delirious range of subjects for children’s books, from the obvious Santa Claus and reindeer to the decoration of trees, the singing of carols and the proliferation of battery-operated presents.
Still, at least a quarter are believed to be the result of Taliban infiltration or influence over soldiers and the police.
Eric Hovde is a hedge fund manager who has poured millions of his own money into the race and whose appeal is his lack of political experience.
So it didn’t take long for the camera makers, like Canon, Sony and Panasonic, to produce professional video cameras that are built around S.L.R.
“Regime forces are threatening to bombard the whole area and telling civilians to evacuate their houses,” a spokesman for an activist group in Damascus said.
I told him I needed something frisky to start, an adagio middle and a killer end.
In his comments, Lt. Gen. Benny Gantz suggested that he agreed with the intelligence assessments of the United States that Iran has not yet decided whether to build a nuclear bomb.
“Just write an article about what a mean mommy you are, get a lot of sexy media attention and hate mail for it, and watch the bidding war commence!” It was bad enough, the thinking went, to write about your daughter and her weight problems in Vogue, possibly the spiritual home of the eating disorder.
By the end of June, the court is expected to decide whether some or all of the Obama administration’s health care law is constitutional.
Don’t call me again to this kind of discussion.”’ The governor, who has since been replaced, could not be reached for comment.
“That they have the faith in me to go out there and give them some innings, it’s a big deal.” Manager Joe Girardi and his staff have been contemplating the move since Nova’s latest poor outing in Toronto on Thursday.
There’s quite a feeling of sleepiness in this collection.
The business owner side of me wants to earn their trust first before risking entering tender territory too early in a relationship.
Its powers and budget were reduced during the Bush administration, and it has been without any director for about a year.
Several days after Sandusky’s arrest, Paterno was fired.
“Not only is this guy a possible injury liability, but he’s also keeping notes while he plays,” Hayhurst said, imagining what teams must think of him.
On two gala evenings, Carrasco, Pericet, Rafaela Carrasco (no relation) and Carmen Cortés join forces in an explosion of fiery movement, demonstrating the varied forms of today’s flamenco.
“Accept it Again, Like One Person With One Heart” one sign says, adding, “No one should miss it.” A counterrally, called “The Internet Is Not the Problem,” is planned outside the stadium.
Aside from that short duration, another reason for caution is that we’re dealing with the respondents’ perceptions.
“Probably too long of a ride.
It can take a baby hawk, known as an eyas, as long as half a day to break free from its shell.
Stafford's primary weapon, Calvin Johnson, was the third-most targeted receiver in the league with 158 passes.
Shares in Starbucks were down 10.4 percent to $46.91 in after-hours trading.
var data; function jsonSlideshowCallback(response){ data = response; } NYTD.options = { source: data, cropType: 'blog480', appendTo: 'fullScreenSlideShow', showHeadLine: 'false' , renderstyle: "embeddedSlideShowTmag"}
“Things just got escalated over the year, and I’d just had it,” Nascar.com quoted Gordon as saying.
The bank itself said “it is possible that the amounts when finally determined could be higher, possibly significantly higher.” And that does not account for the potential cost to beef up its compliance standards.
I guess you really never know where your dreams will take you.
Despite the rocky start, of course, the eventual friendship of Roosevelt and Churchill would help cement an alliance between the nations that had begun during World War I. Roosevelt captured something of the American attitude toward Britain when he referred to his counterpart as “dear old Winston,” and Churchill often played the part with his eccentric Old World ways.
While there remains a significant gap in trust between the two sides — and little likelihood that Iran will give the I.A.E.A.
“I was never worried about whether Charlie would propose because we have been so committed to one another from the very beginning and make such a great team,” Ms. Sylvester said in an e-mail.
She’s included tips from experts — the foot-care guru Bastien Gonzalez and the skin-care pro Deborah Mitchell (Kate Middleton is a fan) — too.
Dates for Fashion Weeks in New York and London through 2014 were announced on Thursday by the Council of Fashion Designers of America and the British Fashion Council, which organizes shows in London.
There was a shooting not long ago in a kindergarten.
After Granderson walked, Girardi sent in Brett Gardner to pinch run.
Mr. Sikorski had a darker interpretation.
The club, which comprises more than 600 acres, or 240 hectares, and three courses, could certainly have handled bigger numbers.
This is ultimately a question about direction for the country.
Stock valuations are already elevated, the firm says, and while that may not be an immediate problem, it implies that some excesses will need to be wrung out of the market down the road.
While Hotel Chocolat’s and Mr & Mrs Smith’s unregulated bonds are not publicly traded and are purchased directly from the company, another more liquid and regulated area of the retail bond market is also flourishing.
is the top beneficiary, public records indicate.
Crew striped socks; Alli Shearmur, tiny and a force of nature, in an absolutely skintight white Tom Ford that you have to be tiny to wear; Elizabeth Banks in a one-shouldered, beaded, bright orange Versace dress (short was definitely trending); Allison Thomas (Ross’s wife), in a little black dress by Rag & Bone accented with only a vintage strand of garnets; Claudia Ross (their daughter) glowing in Greek-inspired lavender Lanvin; Miley Cyrus (Hemsworth’s girlfriend) in a beautiful Pucci skirt with a somewhat boudoir-like bare-midriff top, a little deconstructionist and, in all fairness, might have looked better at home; and the costume designer Judianna Makovsky, (tiny and a force of nature herself), layered in a Balenciaga black draped top, Black AG trousers and a Barbara Tfank black satin coat that I wish I could afford.
Inside his shell-festooned house, Mr. Rambo holds dear a black-and-white photo of his room as a boy.
If you watch the “The iPhone Economy,” afterward ask students what they learned about the economic impact of Apple’s decision to manufacture iPhone parts overseas.
Cherished mother of Jessica Anne Gingold.
Rather than simply replicating the bag-search security process we have in place now at 42nd Street and at our major circulating libraries, we intend to use the design process to explore whether we can use new processes or technologies to both improve security measures (for research and circulating collections) and make them less invasive for patrons.
Many leaves have pale undersides, some simply a lighter green, others a silvery white.
The crisis continues to erode the economy and living standards.
In his day job, senior Congressional Republicans said, Mr. Stombres has been part of the Republican brain trust for most of the legislative fights in recent years, serving at Mr. Cantor’s side as the lawmaker rose to be second in command behind Speaker John A. Boehner.
Its shares trade on the New York Stock Exchange and it advertises heavily.
Mr. Shkolnik’s rent is $850 a month.
His wife is Ronnie Abrams, a former federal prosecutor in Manhattan who last July was nominated by President Obama to be a judge in Federal District Court in Manhattan.
The role of the teenager tortured by her failure to live up to a magazine picture?
“The math does not work,” said Jonathan Tepper, the founder of Variant Perception, a research firm in London.
“That’s why you’re here,” he advised the judge.
I don’t like that — surprises are bad for everybody.
That was something that advanced the entire country, and I want to make sure that the next generation has those same opportunities.
I would propose that a less-religious world is not one in which gender equality will be more quickly achieved.
Neither the capabilities nor the readiness to use them are in place, and this is not likely to change in the near future.
My colleagues on the India Ink blog have written about the development here .
At the old-school city institution Don Claudio (Tiburcio Benegas and Aristides Villanueva; 54-261-423-4814), the dish is served in a bright, canteen-like space, with large bottles of ice-cold Quilmes, the country’s favorite beer.
Mr. Mandvi, who plays the part, said, “In the theater last time I got to do a role like that, I had to write it myself.
“We’re looking for activist, involved, creative conservatives who take more initiative to see things through,” Mr. Armey said of the group’s choice of Mr. Cruz.
Some references were made to Mr. Phillip’s health problems during the show, and he often appeared wan, but his father, who is also named Phillip Phillips, said his son, a 21-year-old pawnshop worker, was suffering more than he let on.
In a Register poll of likely voters last month, 49 percent said they would vote to retain Justice Wiggins, 41 percent to remove, and 9 percent were unsure.
Ice that's too cold is brittle.
Hopes had risen that this might change at the latest big global climate session, in Durban, South Africa, in December.
I don’t know why.” The makeshift beach volleyball court drew plenty of rants and raves throughout the tournament, but players said they liked the atmosphere.
Men who liked housework a lot (sic) spent around 60 percent more time per weekday on it than those who were indifferent to it, sparing their partners up to 10 minutes of drudgery.
At the time of the creation of Dewey & Leboeuf, Mr. Pierce sounded a note of optimism about the merger.
At 20, Kershaw started 21 games that season but pitched only two innings in the postseason.
But after four years of academic lessons built around sidewalk trips to the Essex Street Market, the subway, several bridges and a hospital emergency room, Ms. Krings is moved by how much learning goes on.
Verizon will pay $3.6 billion for wireless airwaves owned by Time Warner Cable, Comcast, Cox Communications and Bright House Networks.
Well, it depends on the premises that you bring to the debate.
Among the highlights this coming week are the venerable alto saxophonist Lou Donaldson, on Friday at Jazz 966, 966 Fulton Street, at Grand Avenue; Reggie Nicholson Concept, led by Mr. Nicholson, a drummer, on Saturday at Sistas’ Place, 456 Nostrand Avenue; and a Brooklyn Jazz Hall of Fame Induction Ceremony, on Wednesday at Sugar Hill Supper Club, 609 Dekalb Avenue.
Tonya Anthony’s family has owned and operated a hair salon on Crenshaw Boulevard since 1959.
That year, New York City began requiring that cabs be fitted with devices so that customers could pay with credit cards and with GPS devices so that they could track their progress on touch screens in the back.
Hazing and the use of ethnic slurs are prohibited by Army rules.
The Nets tried hard in July to send Lopez to Orlando in an effort to land Dwight Howard.
I think my favorite movie walk-out of all time was when a little girl, whose mother dragged her to “The Informant!,” a comedy about price fixing, stage whispered in horror, “This isn’t a real movie!” When she finally convinced her mother to leave about 10 minutes in, the kid literally skateboarded out of the theater.
A day after Mr. Romney’s decisive win in Florida, the Republican nominating contest left one economically battered state on and moved to another, Nevada, a place that Adam Nagourney and Jennifer Medina describe as transformed into a major battleground by the economic downturn and the rise of the Tea Party.
At Bari Jay last week, Ms. Parker’s sister and co-owner, Erica Rosenfeld, held down the fort.
Mr. Volcker, in his letter, doesn’t buy the arguments.
Successful soaps tend to be smartly written, sexy and replete with plot twists and love triangles.
We really sense this desire they did not have a few years ago to improve.” Péchalat said she also saw material changes.
The Vietnamese police have detained a dissident lawyer, escalating a crackdown on those who speak out against Vietnam’s one-party, authoritarian rule, a state-run newspaper reported Friday.
“What San Francisco really needs is affordable family housing,” said Ted Gullicksen, director of the San Francisco Tenants Union .
For that matter, shouldn’t we put a little more effort into helping elect Democrats to Congress?
On Monday, a Swiss soccer player, Michel Morganella, was kicked out of the Games by his country’s Olympic Committee after he posted what was described as a racially offensive message on Twitter about Koreans.
A casting special, at 9, follows the chefs Bobby Flay, Giada De Laurentiis and Alton Brown as they crisscross the country to decide who from among thousands of applicants will be invited to audition for the show.
The security researchers noted that, as of Monday, the Web sites of Amnesty International Hong Kong, the Center for Defense Information and the Cambodian Ministry of Foreign Affairs were still infected and serving up malware to visitors’ computers.
“The Samsung-Apple fight is about who is No.1 and who is No.2 in the handset industry,” Mr. Müller said.
But maybe I should do something about that.’ ” In response, she put out Minimal Wave’s first release in 2005, an EP by Oppenheimer Analysis, a little-known band.
FICO says more than 7,600 creditors are now using FICO 8.
Republicans in this mold place tremendous importance on churches, charities and families — on the sort of pastoral work Mitt Romney does and the sort of community groups Representative Paul Ryan celebrated in a speech at Cleveland State University last month.
But financial troubles continued to shadow Voisin.
Oct. 12 at 8 p.m. $45 and $50.
It is always good to start out a big tournament against a strong opponent.
So why the hesitation over our summer photos?
“It’s been long coming, but we finally have hope for change,” said Kikuo Iwata, a professor in monetary economics at Gakushuin University in Tokyo and a longtime advocate of more aggressive easing.
A few other players since then — Marion Bartoli, Caroline Wozniacki — both have tried the same thing.
You may also browse highlights from the blog and reader comments , read current New York headlines , become a City Room fan on Facebook and follow us on Twitter.
The cyclist, Jeannie Longo, is among France’s most decorated athletes.
“Sunday night, I thought there was probably no chance that I could play the next week,” Griffin said.
“This is our native land; it’s the land of our ancestors.” During outbreaks of sectarian violence in June and again in October , villagers armed themselves with swords, clubs and sharpened bicycle spokes that they launched from homemade catapults.
A map prepared by NOAA indicates that much of the nation has gotten off to a dry start this year.
Each participant will create a project to be displayed at the center in 2013.
“Today is not only a new day for Greece, it is indeed a new day for Europe,” Antonis Samaras , the Greek prime minister, said ahead of the summit meeting.
On how Coples will fit into the defense… RYAN: Quinton’s a guy, he’s probably athletic enough to stand up and play linebacker and all that, but that’s not why we brought him here.
Since I figure you’re getting a quarter-pound or less when you order them at a restaurant, and paying (no doubt) up to seven bucks per serving, this alone should be an incentive to buy a bag.
Probably not exactly what Newt has in mind.
Sliding the fusama doors open and then shut behind her each time she entered the room, Ms. Palmer presented each of the six courses, including straightforward dishes like miso soup and chicken teriyaki, prepared by Mr. Yagi.
“We’re trying to create a superset of many enterprise products.” He said that “in a world of open A.P.I.’s, all applications can talk with each other.” Fast and cheap has been good to Yammer.
Households in metropolitan areas experienced a 2.2 percent decline in median income from 2009 to 2010, it found, while those in rural areas did not see a statistically significant decline.
People rooting in garbage dumps are a common sight in every Indian city, but the poor are rarely visible in the media, mainly because well-off urban Indians have little interest in their lives.
Among the objects on display are the original Stamp Act and the sole copy of Haiti’s declaration of independence.
It was strangely quiet there, and on the bus ride to the airport, too.
And newly minted nominees typically take in huge influxes of cash as major donors come off the sidelines at the end of a nominating fight, as John Kerry did during the early months of the 2004 general election campaign against George W. Bush.
It tends to stick to other elements and comes out only when plant roots emit an acid that breaks away minerals, including sodium chloride, to be absorbed by the plant, he said.
In two cases argued before the court on Tuesday, the justices should take the next step and ban life without parole for youths convicted of murder.
June 24 at 2 p.m. $10.
At the moment the images were released, Mr. Saakashvili’s party seemed likely to win a comfortable majority of the vote, and it is unclear whether that has changed.
Gross’s lack of enchantment may have something to do with this .
Generation X — roughly 31 to 46 — makes up 26 percent.
Evans played at Bishop Loughlin High School and at St. Thomas Aquinas College in Sparkill, N.Y., then coached at three upstate schools before landing at Norfolk State.
High-performing countries don’t abandon teacher standards.
Late last year, Kerry Cahill, a 29-year-old woman who lost her father in the shooting, contacted Mr. Hasan to discuss the foundation, whose message she liked.
This voracious predator is native to the Indo-Pacific, but during the mid to late 1990s the first lionfish were spotted in Florida.
SHARJAH, UNITED ARAB EMIRATES — More than a year after the Arab Spring first convulsed the ruling order of the Arab world, its effects have come home to roost for Shaheen al-Hosani.
The foundation issued a statement saying it was seeking to “strengthen our grants program” and had “implemented more stringent eligibility and performance criteria.” The statement added, “While it is regrettable when changes in priorities and policies affect any of our grantees, such as a longstanding partner like Planned Parenthood, we must continue to evolve to best meet the needs of the women we serve and most fully advance our mission.” Cecile Richards, the president of Planned Parenthood, said that the decision “came so abruptly in the face of a long, good, working relationship with Komen” and that the change in financing criteria “was written specifically to address the political pressure that they’ve been under.” Ms. Richards said all of Planned Parenthood’s affiliates provided around 770,000 women with breast examinations and paid for mammograms and ultrasounds for those who needed and could not afford further diagnostic services.
Chief Justice Roberts was not on the court when Bush v. Gore was decided (though he played a minor role in assisting George W. Bush ’s legal team as a lawyer in private practice).
Google said it would sponsor a traveling exhibit on the Mundaneum, as well as a series of talks on Internet issues, at the museum and the university.
Event organizers say they expect a worldwide television audience of about 700 million people in 120 countries and territories — and that does not include the millions of people unlucky enough to be stuck at work somewhere, sneaking a peak over the Internet.
20 Tennessee lost to host Chattanooga.
This offer is mandatory under Indian market regulations.
Many row houses that lost their stoops, Mr. Dolkart said, did so in the 1920s and ’30s, most often because the owners wanted to chop up those grand single-family residences into apartments.
I spent the next hour chasing my name and her name all over the place, trying to untangle them, until I had erased my incriminating search.
Asked about Mr. Ivanishvili’s changes, he said, “I pray to God nothing like this will happen.
It would be a recurring event, appearing yearly over a decade, and would be free and accessible to the public.
Louisiana, Oklahoma, Pennsylvania and Washington have laws requiring that instructors be intelligible, according to the National Conference of State Legislatures, and similar bills have been introduced in many other states in the last decade.
Markit said its composite index came in at 46.1 in September, down from 46.3 in August but an increase from its initial estimate of 45.9.
Jus in bello comprises three principles: discrimination, necessity or minimal force, and, again, proportionality.
April 1 through May 27.
“He changed my career,” Lin told Houston reporters last week, referring to D’Antoni.
A television station in Pasadena, Calif., showed a video of a woman taking a package from a doorstep.
Investigators said they believed she had committed suicide.
Skiing here reminded Tim and me of the best aspects of skiing in the States: Runs like Mirador and Guineau had a consistent pitch and expert coiffing that was touched up nightly.
Citing a recent poll that had Mr. Gingrich and Mr. Santorum in a tie for the lead in Alabama, he said, “I believe it’s going to be very competitive.” While Mr. Gingrich has been hunkering down, Mr. Santorum has been racing through Tennessee, Ohio, Washington State and Georgia.
TRENTON Passage Theater “Blessed Are,” drama by Jessica Bedford.
He said Spink bought the statue in Thailand in late 1971 or 1972.
His goring, which followed another accident a year before when Julio Aparicio was pierced through the throat, has done little to alter the debate.
We’ve dissected the invitation sent out by Apple to see if we can find out.
In some areas, baseball-size hail rained from the sky.
“There aren’t many years, though, when I get this pessimistic.” Meteorologists said the recent hot streak, though not unprecedented, was unusual because of how early in the summer it struck and its duration.
If you could do it again, how would you act differently?
from an exclusive supply agreement, Reuters reports.
1 will be back in court on Friday, his third day on the witness stand.
Chief Tommy Dawson of the City of Auburn Police Department said on Sunday afternoon that he was confident that Mr. Leonard would be found soon, but he would not elaborate.
Berlin still has the highest unemployment rate among German states, and its few booming industries, like Web development, belong to the creative sector.
A rumpled pink bathroom towel stained with bird feces lay on the ground.
Nolan and the more finesse Quintin Demps generally come off the bench behind rangy but historically hit-or-miss free safety Danieal Manning .
He was drafted in the first round and was expected by many to succeed at the N.F.L.
From June 2008 until Friday, consumer discretionary and technology stocks have been the top two gainers, surging more than 32 percent and 19 percent, while financial stocks have declined the most, falling more than 40 percent.
In 1598, a papal edict issued by Pope Clement VIII reaffirmed edicts by previous popes that prohibited Jewish doctors from treating Christians and barred Christians from seeking treatment from Jewish physicians.
In 1960, the state issued $15 million worth of bonds to pay the Army Corps of Engineers to build the country’s first storm barrier, aimed specifically at protecting its capital city.
Currently, Golden Dawn is the fifth largest, with 18 out of 300 seats.
Participants quoted him as saying the bank’s action had bought them only some time to repair public finances, make credible changes and revive growth.
He described the apartment, which Mr. Jeffries bought for $20 million in 2002, as “an irreplaceable trophy asset” because of its sheer size and its Central Park and open city views.
“The object of the Super Bowl ad is not only to be entertaining, it’s also to sell a product.
The Tigers looked to have taken it back with a defensive stop on third-and-3 near midfield less than two minutes later.
The neighborhood also has bike paths, including one that connects to the Cherry Creek Trail, which stretches about 10 miles from the Cherry Creek Reservoir to downtown Denver.
It is about giving voters more information to evaluate the truthfulness of an ad’s claims.
We have not only lost millions of well-paying manufacturing jobs as a result of unfettered free trade, but the race to the bottom with China and other low-wage countries has also resulted in drastic pay cuts throughout what remains of our manufacturing sector.
Aficionados of preservation-class cars were presented with the Historical Preservation of Original Features judging category, dedicated to vehicles that have never seen the restorer’s hand.
In the end, only one player found the net.
A gallery he established there showed artists like Claes Oldenberg and Robert Rauschenberg before they were well known.
But it has already been up for roughly a week.
(Only non-Saudi actresses play the key roles.)
in 2008: arrogant executives shouting down anyone who tried to question their activities, top management that didn’t ask questions as long as the money kept rolling in.
The death penalty is supposedly reserved for the worst of the worst, but the defendant does not fit that characterization.
The Tribeca Film Festival returns to New York today with more than 90 features in tow and a variety of events that expand beyond the movie screen.
Two years ago, 137 workers at an Apple supplier in eastern China were injured after they were ordered to use a poisonous chemical to clean iPhone screens.
Ms. Moseley, his sister, is Mr. Moseley’s only survivor.
Federer has won the French Open and is the best clay-court player of this era not named Nadal.
To help that dream along, he received a grant of $350 from The New York Times Neediest Cases Fund to visit Washington this weekend.
Yet those figures are clearly the focus of the ensemble, where the eye is meant to land.
They are practically moving themselves in over the Internet.” Virtual staging — added beforehand without the do-it-yourself feature — has been in use for about two years on Long Island , in sales of houses built on speculation.
JEFF SOMMER PHOTOS: Top left, Spaniards waited at the Ave Maria soup kitchen in Madrid, where volunteers, top right, serve breakfast to 360 people.
“And fell to 47th in job creation.
The main concerts, at Roulette, start Wednesday with a battle of the bands, of sorts: the JACK Quartet and the Quartet New Generation — a new-music recorder consort, of all things — will play works by Huck Hodge and Qin Yi.
Through specialty programs offered by companies like Pali Overnight Adventures , they can participate in more extreme activities, like racing all-terrain vehicles, learning swordplay techniques and flying on a trapeze.
But you wouldn’t know it reading the foreign media.
Along with being a neutral site for those games, the stadium is a virtual fortress for Mexico’s national team, particularly against the United States.
(He rarely, however, visits the local music hub, Woodstock, because “every time I go, I run into a musician who says: ‘We’re doing a benefit, Graham.
The carpenters, the shopkeepers and so forth all had a slightly better income than in the mother country.” Slavery is America’s original sin and was the great global injustice of that age.
It was said to be one of the coolest children’s parties in town, and tickets were notoriously difficult to come by.
Physician-assisted suicide is not a right.
To make matters worse, the administration’s two-sentence statement later that day expressing regret, in the name of a National Security Council spokesman, came across as bare-bones and insufficient to undo the hurt.
There are plenty of diversions for adults, as well.
— Nicole Perlroth Twitter Sees Surge in Retailer Activity CNBC | Twitter users — even without seeing ads — are 24 percent more likely to buy online than average Internet users.
Andy Benoit is an NFL analyst for CBSSports.com and founder of NFLTouchdown.com.
If they survive it’s by the same means as they’ve so far endured: stubbornness, luck and a slim strand of hope.
‘Skippyjon Jones’ (Friday) How would Don Quixote behave if he were a cat?
The brutal two-hour, 42-minute match finished with a 74-minute third set.
New York — already awash in illegal casinos and brothels — was transformed into the city that never sleeps.
There is always the chance that these services, which sound a little like dating services, will be used as such.
Jonathan Soros has started a new Super PAC aimed at lessening the impact of Super PACs.
There are anti-noise-pollution groups, but they can fight only limited skirmishes over local nuisances; the war is lost.
Throughout my career, I had a lot of mentors, and I just adopted them.
My parents and I had just finished watching a PBS broadcast of Wendy Wasserstein’s “Uncommon Women and Others,” and I announced that I wanted to do that; I wanted to write plays.
This would not necessarily mean agreeing with the United States, he maintained.
It is free, which is nice, but the maps it provides are laughably undetailed.
The Campanellis are largely retired; she was a graphic designer, and he still paints watercolors occasionally.
Legislation supported by Mr. Cuomo established the commission last year; it replaced an earlier ethics commission that did not have jurisdiction over the Legislature.
It’s campaign season and the pandering about gas prices is in full swing.
In October’s festive season, when the effigies of demons were ritually burned, one of the demons on a street in Kolkata was the effigy of an East India Company executive with “FDI” (for foreign direct investment) stuck on his chest.
Thomas B. Edsall, a professor of journalism at Columbia University, is the author of the forthcoming book “The Age of Austerity: How Scarcity Will Remake American Politics.”
Most notably, it means you could have an iPhone on the T-Mobile network in the United States, as well as on other networks internationally.
Once USA Basketball created a Dream Team, demands for compensation were inevitable.
Once the fruit (or herb) of your negligible labor comes to its natural end, you can buy another plant cartridge for $19.99.
On Wednesday, several hedge fund managers, including Daniel Och, the billionaire founder of Och-Ziff Capital Management, will meet with Valerie Jarrett, a top adviser to the president, and members of the White House economic team.
Lacy seemed to have free access into the second level of the Georgia defense.
Still, a handful of victims attended the hearing, including two who spoke emotionally about the financial and psychological hardships they are enduring and urged the judge to impose a life sentence.
A newly created nuclear watchdog at first seemed to say that no more plants could be turned on until it drew up new safety guidelines, a process that might take until next year, but then seemed to back off by saying that it did not have the authority to do anything more than issue guidelines.
It is not surprising that Valentine — loquacious, strong-willed and unafraid to be controversial — chose to make a deal with a radio station deep in enemy territory.
A Martin Meltzer, a Manhattan lawyer who represents property owners, says that under the state’s Real Property Law, a nonpayment proceeding can be brought against the tenant.
said it would assess The Bay Citizen’s arrangement with The New York Times to provide local coverage twice a week, on Fridays and Sundays.
Respond online to the National Alzheimer’s Project Act (NAPA) Advisory Committee, or write an op ed for your local paper or tweet a powerful personal message which just might go viral.
What’s more, Islamic movements such as the Muslim Brotherhood in Egypt or Hamas in Gaza by no means follow a pro-Iranian agenda.
Twice this week, Sara had become so unhinged at not getting the ring that the carousel operator has given her a free ticket anyway.
It seems a touch more decipherable than what was going on in her head?
Is our model actually better for us as a country?
Parents with religious beliefs that preclude vaccination are more likely not to vaccinate their children at all.
It was very similar, actually, to yesterday’s round where I played really well, had a lot of good opportunities.
She often could not obtain medicine for him because the hospitals were out of it.
An article in some editions last Sunday about President Obama's decision to use his recess appointment power, despite the Senate's pro forma session, misidentified the federal court to which he nominated Caitlin J. Halligan, whose confirmation was filibustered.
Those defeated in the first round — the leftist Hamdeen Sabahi, the independent Islamist Abdel Moneim Aboul Fotouh and the human rights lawyer Khaled Ali — are refusing to endorse either of the runoff candidates and disputing the integrity of the elections .
That’s because both of these cartels are telling lawmakers that they need less regulation, not more.
Masa is rolled out, then topped with an egg yolk, and covered with another layer of rolled masa.
How seriously the specific suggestions should be taken is difficult to judge, particularly since Mr. Westerwelle comes from a minority party in the German coalition, rather than the center-right party of Chancellor Angela Merkel.
Because there has been time to prepare, some economists say, Greece’s departure from the euro will not be as much of a shock as the collapse of Lehman Brothers in 2008, which provoked a global financial crisis.
Kroger has been sending customers mailings with “multiple price points,” Mr. Aitken said.
Feb. 2 at 7:30 p.m. $15 and $20.
The tool would have been especially helpful before the housing collapse, he said, because it helps borrowers see that a lower payment might be attractive, but it may not mean that the loan is cost effective in the long run.
We needed people to understand who we were, what we stood for and the key priorities of the company.
And he’s not the only one to voice concern.
Over the past year, she has fallen in love with a fellow student, and is already planning to move in with him.
It should be heard in the next few weeks.
Even if you want to go green with battery power or a plug-in hybrid drivetrain fueled by ethanol, as in the latest version of Neil Young ’s 1959 Lincoln-based Lincvolt, it can be done.
Like a qualified retirement plan, starting early with real estate is important.
The American Heart Association considers triglyceride levels of 100 milligrams to be “optimal.” Health authorities say HDL should be above 40 milligrams in men and higher than 50 milligrams in women, while LDL levels in men and women should ideally be lower than 100 milligrams.
“To make money, you have to sell good horses, get rid of bad horses, and race horses.
The actors all play more than one generation of the family that grows from the ultimate union between Sam and Nicole.
Industry executives estimate that the government is $6 billion to $7 billion behind in payments to the companies for oil and natural gas they have produced and delivered to the state-owned Egypt General Petroleum Corp.
“But for goodness sake, I didn’t go to this.
On Friday, the State Department expressed muted concern over Mr. Morsi’s decision.
In recent weeks, Goldman executives have been more talkative with reporters.
EXPANSION PROPOSAL ANGERS SOME NEIGHBORS Greenwich Village's local community board recommended unanimously last month that the City Council reject New York University's plan to erect four buildings that would house dormitories, classrooms, athletic and performance spaces, and a hotel.
Two boys lounge on a sidewalk under a streetlamp in “Night Owls” (1971), their clothes and affected postures recalling photographs of bands like Television or the Ramones — but also recent groups like the Strokes , who consciously mined the look and sound of alternative music from that era.
And the terms that have guided this talk have mainly been economic.
Mitt Romney and I know the difference between protecting a program, and raiding it.
INSIDE: Built in 1919, the house has a roomy foyer with a travertine tile floor that could also be used as a sitting room.
Once inside Haditha, the assailants drove to the homes of three police officers and shot them.
(Dargis) ‘Pina’ (No rating, 1:46, in German, English, Russian, Italian, French, Slovenian, Korean, Spanish and Portuguese) Wim Wenders’s 3-D documentary pays vivid tribute to the life and work of Pina Bausch, the German choreographer who died in 2009, leaving behind a corps of devoted dancers and a corpus of provocative and powerful dances.
Under the new policy, tribal members will not be prosecuted for wearing or carrying federally protected birds, bird feathers or parts.
This rapid rise was mostly attributed to her shimmering prose.
In one workshop, students are taught the proper e-mail etiquette for contacting professors and about when it is appropriate to call an instructor by her first name.
The overall effect on employment is modest.
The company, the nation’s second-biggest mortgage servicer, acquired a huge portfolio of subprime home loans when it bought Countrywide Financial in 2008.
In 1943, Florence met her husband to be, U.S. Navy Lieutenant (jg) Lawrence J.
Exploring the weight of secrets and the burdens of friendship, Mr. MacLean — substantially aided by Lol Crawley’s gorgeously chilly photography — paints this isolated region with a refreshing lack of otherness, and the early scenes hum with infectious energy.
Classical bronzes give way to puddles of poured resin; the figure walks down off the pedestal and comes back in pieces.
When Microsoft offered to underwrite a Windows Phone version of Foursquare, the mobile social network, Holger Luedorf, Foursquare’s head of business development, did not hesitate to say yes.
(We can thank Card.io, the company who created that card-recognition software, for that feature; PayPal bought them this week.)
A piano tinkles like a funereal music box.
Depending on the severity of her crime, she is either monitored by the police or by other local officials.” When it’s time to give birth, “if, say, she committed murder, then a policeman will accompany her to the hospital and make notes.
The young publicist through whom I’d been trying to make arrangements to speak with Vallejo told me I could interview her the next day, at the University of Chile’s school of economics.
French voters frightened themselves in 2002, when their first-round protest vote let Jean-Marie Le Pen through to the run-off.
The White House invited more than two dozen big-dollar contributors to mingle with the prime minister and a bevy of British stars from the hit shows “Downton Abbey” and “Homeland.” Mr. Obama has attended 108 fund-raisers since filing his candidacy in April 2011, double the rate of President George W. Bush at a similar point in his re-election campaign, according to Mark Knoller, a CBS News correspondent who keeps track of these numbers.
But in fact it doesn't matter where a person is in the office hierarchy -- employees at all levels become lonely, even when other workers are all around them.
It was not until the Jets had pulled off a huge upset over the Colts that it became legend.
(Anderson) Michael Feinstein (Friday and Saturday) Mr. Feinstein is his generation’s guardian of the Great American Songbook.
There was, appropriately, Sin, Dare You, Ruby Woo, Russian Red, So Chaud and Girl About Town mixed with Dare You.
The surge in the number of older, unmarried Americans has been driven by several factors, including longevity, economics and evolving social mores, according to sociologists.
On a sweltering afternoon on Staten Island, the New York City parks department unveiled its latest weapon in the war on phragmites, an invasive weed that chokes the shoreline: goats.
You don’t edit Larry Kramer.” And he also wrote prodigiously: articles about friends dying, politicians ignoring the epidemic, early drugs that largely failed.
It’s not a nothing; it’s a bad experience.
Rating: 7 Steve Cherundolo: The long time veteran of the American back line put in a typically quiet but sturdy night.
Another asset: he has an eagle’s eye for speck-size objects, which serves him even when a jeweler’s magnifying eyepiece does not.
The French believe, Ms. Druckerman writes, that pregnant women should be “calm and sensible.” They have also figured out that you shouldn’t give in to your child’s tantrum, and that it’s important for little kids to say “Bonjour.” She goes on: French parents “treat ‘adult time’ not as an occasional, hard-won privilege, but as a basic human need.” And: “They spend a lot of time telling their kids what’s permissible and what’s not.” Don’t we all?
BLOOMBERG NEWS Pimco Expects Asset Management to Catch On in Asia | Ki Myung Hong, who runs Pimco’s Asia-Pacific business, told The Wall Street Journal: “On the whole, Asia has had a saver’s mentality, and this will evolve over time into an investor mentality.” WALL STREET JOURNAL K.K.R.
“There can be no loosening of the reform steps.” A victory in Greece by the leftist upstart party Syriza —whose leader, Alexis Tsipras , promised if elected to tear up the agreement with the so-called troika of the European Union , the European Central Bank and the International Monetary Fund — might have precipitated a confrontation ending with Greece leaving the euro zone.
The political costs are also rising.
This has infuriated poorer countries and generic medicine companies, especially when efforts to rein in falsified medicines began targeting genuine generic medicines.
But, in order to make history and advance again, the Gators will have to make sure recent history doesn’t repeat itself.
The examination is among the most extensive to date of the banks’ foreclosure practices, which caused a national uproar and prompted a $25 billion settlement between the banks and the government that was filed in federal court Monday.
Children from the neighborhood help pile the dirt-filled sacks during the weekends.
“You’re coming to my fund-raiser and this is the same message that I give to people, which is that we have a very different approach, the president and I,” he told reporters after the video began circulating.
The land around Le Mars proved as useless for fields of wheat as for pastureland.
(What is it about Brahms that prompted Balanchine to use more lifts than in any other ballets?)
He said the fighters were trying to acquire Stinger missiles “from some ‘friends’ in Iraq .” “We hope to get them because that will change everything in our region,” he said.
In late 2010, in what appeared to be a response to American pressure, the Reserve Bank of India said Indian banks could no longer use a regional clearinghouse to settle payments for Iranian oil imports.
What we’ve seen in the last six months isn’t it.” In other words, if the Fed’s current spate of bond-buying doesn’t work, it will improvise until it finds something that does.
The last section of the exhibition will incorporate film of performances by the pioneering dancers and choreographers Rudolf von Laban and Mary Wigman.
In this month’s issue, the question is: “What lengths have you gone to score uncrowded surf?” Best answer, from 8-year-old Tyson Lockhart: “Sometimes on surf trips, I wake up really early and check the surf.
It took a minute to salt the steaks (the theory is that it draws out a little liquid and makes them easier to brown, and, though I’m not entirely sure it’s worth it, I do it) and portion the fish, which went back into the fridge.
The Giants are just as tough, and have the home-field advantage, and will be the favorites Sunday.
“I was criticized last night by Governor Romney for putting my country first,” he said.
Filing for bankruptcy protection will reduce a credit score by 200 to 350 or more points, it said, compared with a decline of 80 to 170 points for a foreclosure .
The train sliced it off.
Fascinating Murdoch strategy: Deny influence, deny commercial motivation;make questions seems like silly irritants easily deflected.
growth at a time of global financial crisis.
Her follow-up note thanking me for the photo of us at the party recapped the day.
At a time of increasing inequality, America’s low-wage workers need a raise.
What is the benefit?” But Iraqi officials have largely brushed off the criticism.
So when outsiders begin to criticize a Southern food institution, the wagons circle.
In the 1950s and 1960s, the Hungarian-Argentine duo of Ferenc Puskas and Alfredo di Stéfano led Madrid’s scorers.
is both the country’s largest public university and a hotbed of data-driven experiments.
“Down the road, social engagement may dictate how consumers spend,” Mr. Hilwa said.
Dickey also struck out 12 and 13 batters in those games and became the first pitcher since 1900 to throw back-to-back complete games with one hit or fewer and at least 10 strikeouts in each game.
James Chartrand says being a sales rep isn’t icky : “If you feel uncomfortable selling, you lack faith in what you sell.” Starbucks attracts gun owners .
Is there hope for Cheetos?
“But these hours are wonderful.” She added, “I probably wouldn’t be working without it.”
And then — in a few days — they die.
We try to help readers assess the credibility of the source, including how they know the information.
Common Wasteful Practices At long last the medical profession itself has decided to try to relegate wasteful procedures to relative obscurity, with only occasional, justifiable exceptions.
Mitt Romney ’s six-year quest for the Republican presidential nomination culminated Tuesday afternoon when the 4,400 delegates gathered here officially made him their choice to reclaim the White House from President Obama and the Democrats.
The drawing was already under way Sunday afternoon when I arrived a few minutes early at the Invisible Dog Art Center for Michael Kliën’s “ Choreography for Blackboards ” (created in collaboration with the dramaturge Steve Valk), which had its American premiere as part of Performance Space 122’s Coil festival .
With this collaboration, the brand will join other luxury players in pushing to the highest level their men’s wear offering.
The bottom line is that America’s political system is broken and needs to be fixed if the nation is to deal successfully with the challenges ahead.
And though New York City is blue-state territory in America, it’s decidedly conservative in French politics.
Sixty years ago, in Chicago, they nominated Dwight D. Eisenhower for president.
One of the effects of the poison was that it caused Ms. Gu’s hands to shake, so she took up knitting and embroidery at the doctor’s recommendation, Mr. Li said.
BECK: That’s the hardest thing for me.
Legal experts said the settlement would most likely embolden other defendants who are fighting accusations brought by the trustee.
That was the smallest pay increase in two years.
If you just looked at those two stats alone, you’d have a fairly good prediction model for the N.F.L.
Thibodeau compensated for what he lacked in athleticism with that patented New Britain mean streak.
He was a month shy of his 92nd birthday and was a vital presence in the business and philanthropic life of the San Diego community.
While frozen credit markets have made it difficult for small businesses to get loans for expansion and working capital, they have also had a major impact on the business-for-sale marketplace.
Under federal regulations they must be fixed before they can be sold.
Mr. Issa’s inquiry has drawn extensive attention from conservative news outlets, including Fox News , and set off a drumbeat of enthusiasm among conservative bloggers and on social media over the prospect of bringing down Mr. Holder over it.
Damir Doma ’s two-word description of his show — “modern Renaissance” — hit it right on the nose.
Here’s what we’re reading this morning, starting with the N.Y./Region section in The Times.
And while the company has remade industries, ignited economic growth and delighted customers, it has also devised corporate strategies that take advantage of gaps in the tax code, according to former executives who helped create those strategies.
A Tibetan monk died after setting fire to himself Friday, another sign of the trouble in China’s western border region.
Bowed men return from their drug-rehabilitation sessions or mornings spent looking for work.
It is appropriate, he said, to license people who work in clinical or institutional settings like hospitals, prisons and schools.
Heat a griddle or a large skillet, either nonstick or seasoned cast iron, over medium-high heat.
This wouldn’t be hard if they had been making a more honest case on the budget: the truth is that deficits are actually a good thing when the economy is deeply depressed, so deficit reduction should wait until the economy is stronger.
In my view.” Colonel Gentile, long a critic of counterinsurgency, represents one side of the divide at West Point.
On Monday, Mr. Everret was sentenced for the murder of Scotty.
“You can’t just rely on that we’re at home.” For evidence, Rivers only needs to show his team the 1982 footage that Collins showed the Sixers.
Debating whether the Supreme Court has grown too powerful.
Burkle, who made his fortune in grocery stores, has a union-friendly background, having won awards from the A.F.L.-C.I.O.
Mr. Salzman, 53, an agent for commercial illustrators, said he had no problem with Arcata’s efforts to curb aggressive panhandling.
Without the firm guarantee of such a trade-off, it is difficult to foresee a meaningful breakthrough in Baghdad.
He began to see things that were not there — spiders crawling on him — and at other times, he did not recognize his mother.
She cited musical, lyrical and thematic similarities.
And if these homes could talk, they would no doubt confess to feeling a bit abandoned.
Keith Jarrett Over a five-year period in the mid- to late-1970s Keith Jarrett’s European Quartet struck an elusive truce between the lean and the florid.
In Colombia and Nigeria, where some people choose to live next to beaches to reduce exposure to malarial mosquitoes, houses are routinely built to be easily moved.
Prosecutors say they had no idea she was a fugitive.
UNION COUNTY AN UNIDENTIFIED MAN , 93, died in a fall at his Summit home.
SHARON TriArts Sharon Playhouse “Altar Boyz,” musical by Kevin Del Aguila, Gary Adler and Michael Patrick Walker.
When Komen severed ties with Planned Parenthood (later reversing itself), it put ideology ahead of women’s health.
It encourages children to add to its pages with fabric scraps in an attached sack.
“Germany may be the salvation of France, but certainly not of Nicolas Sarkozy,” said Dominique Moïsi of the French Institute of International Relations.
And, totally unrelated but of some urgency, when does the second season of “Homeland” start?.
But if you traffic in drive-busting files like photos, music and videos, or if losing your files would kill your small business, a Drobo might make good future-proofing sense.
After Steve received this e-mail, he contacted me to see if we were interested in publishing the photo.
A recent study reported that radiation from the machines can reach organs through the skin .
A new release of stolen corporate e-mails by WikiLeaks has set off a flurry of concern and speculation around the world about a counterterrorist software program called TrapWire, which analyzes images from surveillance cameras and other data to try to identify terrorists planning attacks.
It has received more than 4,100 patents since 2000, according to M-CAM.
So what do the experts do?
The editor of a Web site that encourages Mormons to question church history and doctrine has been told that he faces a church trial and possible excommunication because he is an apostate who is trying to lead church members astray.
ROBIN BOSSERT Executive Director, Navigators USA Brooklyn, July 18, 2012 To the Editor: Alas, gay boys who want to wear uniforms and engage in all sorts of outdoor activities will have to wait until they grow up and can join the military.
“I wasn’t naïve,” said Ms. Baldwin, who volunteered no qualms about the race’s brutishness.
You show up as your tired, bare-faced, limp-haired self, and leave their chairs able to believe you can be someone else for a while.
“I told this guy he was a handsome double-crosser.
Connecticut CORN MAZES (Saturday through Monday) Baseball and history buffs can get lost in their passions at two corn mazes, which open for business on Saturday.
The 52-to-44 vote generally followed party lines, with Democrats supporting the increase in borrowing authority and Republicans opposed.
It is more likely, Mr. Börger said, that lawmakers would require Facebook and other networking sites to revise their consent policies to make them more easy to understand.
The run defense was strong in Ryan’s early years — ranking in the top 12 in rushing yards and rushing touchdowns allowed in 2009 and 2010 — before regressing last year (13th in yards, 27th in touchdowns) and collapsing so far this year (29th and 25th, respectively).
“People can tolerate a lot of knee disability for reasons we don’t totally understand,” he went on, adding, “If the pain is acceptable, you live with it; if it’s not acceptable, we’ll operate on you.” Dr. Rothman said that whether patients experience better health after surgery depends on motivation — how motivated they were to stay fit before surgery and how motivated they are now to become more active.
The case arose from the arrest of Tyler G. McNeely, who was pulled over for speeding on a Missouri highway and exhibited, the State Supreme Court said , “the telltale signs of intoxication — bloodshot eyes, slurred speech and the smell of alcohol on his breath.” He performed poorly on a field sobriety test and was arrested.
The exhibition surveys a century of Latin American history through photography books, spotlighting forgotten works as well as those that never made it beyond limited circles.
— LAWRIE MIFFLIN NBC has put the game up.
Lt. Kent Lipple of the Boise Police Department in Idaho, who arrested the puncher, said the man “felt he was protecting the entire plane and its occupants.” And let’s not forget Alec Baldwin, who was kicked off an American Airlines plane in 2011 for playing Words With Friends online while parked at the gate.
Mondays, noon to 8 p.m.; Wednesdays, 10 a.m. to 6 p.m.; Thursdays, 10 a.m. to 6 p.m.; Saturdays, noon to 5 p.m. New Haven Public Library, Mitchell Branch, 37 Harrison Street.
But in an interview, Mr. Stringer left little doubt about why he had recruited his new team, which he plans to announce on Monday.
But the very modesty of Mr. Brahimi’s proposal seemed to be an indication that in recent months the conflict has drifted further from resolution.
An internal review, Ms. Grey wrote, “concluded that a significant number of staff needed to be added to perform baseline program oversight duties.” For example, the department’s rate-setting unit, which reviews detailed expenditure reports and student rolls to calculate tuition reimbursement rates for contractors, relied on 17 workers to set more than 2,700 separate rates for special education programs last year, she wrote.
For modern moves, Agora (18, rue Sainte Ursule; 33-4-67-60-83-60; mathildemonnier.com ) is a 1641 convent that has been transformed into Montpellier’s Cité Internationale de la Danse, a haven of contemporary dance.
Yet for states, economic and practical arguments may prove more persuasive than humanitarian concerns.
He had put in the names.
The vote came after weeks of heated debate in church pews and over the airwaves.
Stefano Barone, Craig D’Andrea, Sergio Altamura and Pino Forastiere, guitar.
metalwork from the Middle East, the handling of female figures moving amid furniture is reminiscent of Naïf and Surrealist painting.
The elder Greenstein moved his family to Brownsville, Brooklyn, and began working as a miniature Samson, often in vaudeville and Yiddish theater.
If the men are given a day of rest, Curley said that he expected the women would also be given a day of rest between their semifinals and final.
Ms. Cutcher said she did not think it was self-defense and added that the police took only a brief statement, despite her efforts to go into detail.
People rave when you serve it to them.
But the Bruins’ fortunes reversed, reaching bottom during a dismal 2011-12 season.
June 3 at 11 a.m. Free.
Pick: Coyotes in 7 NO.
But often the prisoners did not have enough iced water, shower time or working fans.
PICK A PARISH I’ll go to Mass at Our Lady of Pity , or sometimes I’ll try different parishes to see people I haven’t seen in a while.
South by Southwest gave the movie a chance to be seen on the festival circuit last March.
And the 10.3 New York rating was ABC’s highest ever generated in the market for a regular-season game.
On the Lady Arpels Poetic Wish, the silhouette of a young woman moves slowly from the left to the center of the dial to indicate the exact hour.
fans booed him and chanted for the backup Jarrett Lee, who began the season as L.S.U.’s starter before being benched during the first game against Alabama.
On Monday, Jay Carney, the White House spokesman, said Mr. Biden was “speaking accurately.” He added, “The broader point, as the president has made here, is that this was not a sure thing, but the president had so much faith in our special forces and their capacity to fulfill this mission, that he made the call to go forward.”
A small business needs to have seamless access.
When Crossroads GPS eased up in June, the chamber peaked in July.
These pieces are as varied as any putative differences between the city’s east and west sides — Ms. Gill becomes too Apollonian for comfort, Ms. Achugar too Dionysian — but they also have a few ingredients in common.
As you approach, the 67-foot-tall white-concrete and steel statue of Sam Houston -- leaning on a cane and wearing a vest, coat and sideburns -- is so massive that it looks as if it's ready to bound down the highway.
Judge Sylvester did not rule on the notebook on Monday, and he set Aug. 16 as the date to hear arguments on the issue.
The post of chief executive, who administers the board, has been vacant for more than a decade until Ms.Thakur was appointed in 2010.
It was time for Dick to leave.
Though they have since moved into a different office space, as of January there were about a hundred people working in that abandoned bookstore, nearly as many as there were in all of Sungevity’s vast headquarters across the street.
The entryway is a screened-in porch with a ceiling mural of clouds in a blue sky, painted by a local artist.
But the new American sanctions, along with an oil embargo under discussion in Europe, aim to undercut the government by squeezing its most important source of revenue: oil sales.
Military and intelligence officials say that Iran has recently flown into Syria small arms, chiefly rocket-propelled grenades, as well as technological equipment and high-ranking experts to assist the Assad government in interrupting social media communications and the internet.
(A synopsis of the paper is available here , and for those with access to the journal, the full preprinted version can be found here .)
After a quick safety briefing (feet on the deck at all times, no touching ropes unless instructed, hands on the chrome railing if needed for balance), we motored into the bay, stopping in a fairly calm patch behind Alcatraz where Mr. Webb, who had been a crew member aboard USA 76 in 2003 and is currently part of Oracle Team USA, recounted the history of the boat.
Its economists determined that in the coming years, countries around the world might require up to $1 trillion in new loans because of problems arising from the euro zone and more general sluggish global growth.
Because reducing weight was essential to hit the team’s performance targets, the Emo does not have a rear hatch or a beefy B-pillar, the brace that creates rigidity between the front and rear doors.
In a time — the 1980s and ’90s — when some artists re-embraced representational painting and others tackled thorny political topics, Moore did both, and with unusual flair, reviving and revising a panoply of outré realist styles in luminous allegorical canvases that comment on, and link, environmental degradation and the tragedy of AIDS.
“It would be nice if I thought black voters would give the Republicans more due as the party of Lincoln,” said Chip Felkel, a Republican consultant in Greenville, who is unaffiliated with any campaign.
On the convention floor Tuesday night, Rick Perry told Chuck Todd of NBC News that he would “absolutely” consider running in 2016.
The musical is set to run April 26-May 26, 2013.
Mr. Parker on Friday invoked a 1972 Supreme Court case holding that there is no reporter’s privilege against being forced to testify before a grand jury.
Mr. Harden tries to fathom a cryptic, troubled and not entirely sympathetic young man whose circumstances lend themselves to exaggeration.
We believe in their integrity, we trust them and we’re right to do so.” Sharp-featured, elegant and telegenic, Ms. Trierweiler began to attract more attention over the last year, as she was seen applauding and kissing Mr. Hollande at campaign meetings — not to mention her occasionally caustic comments on Twitter .
Page A4 TURNING TO VILLAGE HEALERS Despite striking in a region of Uganda receiving considerable foreign development aid, nodding disease has confused medical professionals.
“A bit more than tuning-in and turning-on is required,” she wrote.
“Last year was the best in our 37 years, mainly due to the way Amazon was pushing the books,” said Bryce Milligan of Wings Press in San Antonio , an IPG client.
Tax expenditures can come in many forms, including deferrals, special tax rates and tax credits, and inhabit both the personal and corporate income tax codes.
The makeup artist approximated the intellectual’s signature gray skunk stripe by combing through a salt-and-pepper wig with a mixture of silver and white cream colors from Make Up For Ever .
The shooting near Tripoli of a Sunni Muslim cleric who opposed the Assad government was a spark for renewed sectarian clashes in the city this week.
Doesn’t the Affordable Care Act contain a lot of proposals to get costs under control, like comparative effectiveness studies and reimbursing doctors based on their performance?
“They landed on the lens of the camera.” The impromptu solution was to use two vacuum cleaners to blow air across the lens to discourage the flies.
Mr. Brennan was completing a two-day trip to Yemen, aimed at making sure that the government’s cooperation in fighting the regional branch of Al Qaeda will continue under the country’s new leadership.
“Then one day, we’ll put the reward in the old place and put in the rat and, by golly, the old habit will re-emerge right away.
“It’s all or nothing — go, go, go — and as soon as he shuts it down, he’s out, falls asleep in 10 seconds,” Chamberlain said, relaxing in his downtown Tampa apartment a few miles from the Yankees ’ Florida base.
Samuel Stewart Jr., manager of the Wasatch World Innovators fund, pointed out that the region was not hit as hard as other parts of the world during the 2008 recession.
Mr. Hildebrand has made enemies at home and abroad by pushing to impose rules on the country’s two biggest banks, UBS and Credit Suisse, that were tougher than those in other countries.
He is, in other words, a characteristic 21st-century American, more electronically networked but more personally isolated than ever before.
The 1980 Republican platform denounced “the severing of the dollar ’s link with real commodities in the 1960s and 1970s,” which it blamed for inflation.
When they dumped their loads, he could see fragments of pottery and other evidence of ancient remains.
Is it like kids, or can you pick a favorite among your movies?
But the attention can be overwhelming.
Complicating matters, Mr. Kristal's former wife, Karen Kristal, also filed suit, disputing the sale, saying she had been the rightful owner of the business.
“It started out like a Rambo movie and ended up like Woody Allen ,” said Diego Enrique Osorno, author of a new book on the Zetas.
After all, there are dozens of sakes left to try.
Another of Haupt’s acquaintances, Daniel C. McCallum, former general superintendent of the New York & Erie Railroad and owner of the McCallum Bridge Company, was commissioned as an Army colonel and appointed director and superintendent of the Military Railroad.
No one makes it through a life without words better left unsaid, poor judgments or thoughtless omissions.
And don’t get me started about parents who keep introducing new varieties of fairies.
Instructors are supposed to have the freedom to select their teaching materials.
It was the eve of Yom Kippur, and Sharon’s family had invited me for the entire weekend.
In 1951, during the Korean War, Dr. Ledley was in the Army Dental Corps, assigned to a research unit at Walter Reed Army Medical Center in Washington, where he worked on improving prosthetic dental devices.
There is a lot of uncertainty, including the fate of the House bill.
Soon after Wallace lost his leg, he slowly covered 50 meters up and back, twice, while being watched by a few attentive observers.
But the predictions business requires some odds setting, so herewith are the results from one crystal ball.
Two other development area projects are nearby: a similar cluster of lower-rise towers and duplexes, which is at Tigné Point and now largely completed, and the Pendergardens project, which is in St. Julian’s and where 135 apartments among 150 have been sold as it nears completion this year.
Yes, baseball isn’t what it used to be — the modern game panders to the corporations and rich patrons who buy luxury boxes and seats behind home plate.
(They’re only 42 percent potato anyway, and about 33 percent fat, though the “reduced fat” variety is “only” 25 percent fat.)
He loved it.” Mr. Weber says he has often tried to lure Mr. Buffett to run with him in the Pacific Northwest.
An effort to create a European behemoth in aerospace and military manufacturing to rival Boeing of the United States has collapsed amid political divisions involving Britain, France and Germany.
On South Dakota’s Pine Ridge Indian Reservation (population 40,000), 58 tribal officers in 2000 patrolled 3,470 square miles — one officer per 50 square miles.
Knight is one of many companies whose fortunes have risen as regulators made a series of changes over the last 15 years that have opened up the markets to new exchanges and trading firms that use computer programs, or algorithms, to execute thousands of trades a second.
Maritime Aquarium, 10 North Water Street.
Feb. 25, 10 a.m. to 6 p.m. $12 and $15; $22 for the whole day.
Another took metformin and a second drug, rosiglitazone (also called Avandia ).
“The French are the most pessimistic people in the world,” he said, citing a Gallup poll that was much discussed in France.
Maybe even more important, actually.
The new statue held a document labeled “House Bill 1016,” the legislation Mr. Edwards wrote in 1979 declaring Juneteenth a legal state holiday, instead of an emancipation document.
“I don’t know who these people are,” he said, “but I am really glad they exist.”
I will be playing Union Rags to win, especially since his one race over the Belmont oval was an impressive victory in last fall’s Champagne Stakes.
But the fees investors have paid the Endowment Fund for its lukewarm performance have been considerable, up to about 3.5 percent a year.
“The players would not back down from moving forward no matter what,” Coughlin said Monday.
“And I am asking the Egyptian people to keep a record of every case of torture and oppression and the violation of personal liberty.” In an interview in December 2010, about a month before the uprising began, he repeatedly invoked his visits to the Tehran Hilton on the eve of the Iranian revolution in 1979.
When I was a small child, that’s what I drew.” A degree in American civilization from the University of Pennsylvania did little to diminish his love of the sea and animal life.
On the 72nd hole of the Open, Peterson faced a 20-foot birdie putt that could have won him admission to a new world.
He said that he was prepared for what could be four days of festivities, with the naming ceremony scheduled for July 28, and that he had no interest in selling the bison.
But at the very least it exposes two limitations on Keynesianism in practice: the difficulties that even experts can have assessing the true state of the economy, and the ways in which the push and pull of democratic politics makes it difficult to simply keep throwing money at a problem.
It is a pip of a murder thriller, ghost story and character play rolled into one.” The evening continues with “Games” (1967), at 10, starring Signoret as an aging cosmetics saleswoman and amateur medium who joins two Manhattan socialites (James Caan and Katharine Ross) in a series of novel pastimes, this one involving the seduction of an adolescent delivery boy (Don Stroud).
It has a few rough edges.
But if the Baldwin letters are any indication, the microfilm, papers and reports could yield a harvest of insights on cultural figures who achieved greatness, and some who have been forgotten, who were struggling financially and were compelled to explain their predicament and their output.
I’ve never tried to make a political statement with art.
“The relationship between him and the person for whom he is designing is key, yet his creations are quite contemporary,” she said of Mr. Rosenthal.
Any rescued piano, he noted, is also a potential future move for O’Mara Meehan.
Activate it and you can send a broad selection of pictures, from animals like bears and mice, to pictures of mugs clinking – a one-character invitation for drinks.
The move, aimed at saving $102 million a year in a city so financially troubled that its leaders announced this year that it was at risk of running out of cash entirely, is perhaps the most significant result so far of Detroit’s reluctant decision to allow formal state oversight of its finances.
The Carriage House Theater at the Suffolk County Vanderbilt Museum, 180 Little Neck Road.
After doing a “small amount of Web-based research,” this fellow apparently decided that those Thin Mint-selling tykes are part of a homosexuality-promoting “radicalized institution.” No Democrat is likely to top that for lunacy any time soon.
It includes six concerts: two at Merkin Concert Hall, two at the Cell in Chelsea and two at Roulette in Boerum Hill, Brooklyn.
This time, Mr. Kiefer will produce two separate, standalone exhibitions.
But the ancient Greeks and Romans advocated euthanasia.
And on Android, the maps are composed of vector art—smooth lines generated by the computer — rather than the square tiles of pixels that you saw on the iPhone.
At various locations; a full schedule is at circusamok.org .
When Professor Amar mentioned that there are, for the first time in history, no Protestants on the Supreme Court , Justice Thomas changed the subject.
The academics then reached out to government scientists who could conduct tests with the real virus.
Three men were arrested after officers saw them lugging something heavy down Mermaid.
After meeting with Mr. Tsipras, Mr. Venizelos said he proposed that Syriza join a unity government along with center-right New Democracy, with the chief aim of keeping Greece in the euro zone.
In a voice raspy from chain smoking Pall Malls, she pleaded for help.
“You know, if you think about it, it’s no great imposition once you get used to it.
The most aggressive of the candidates, he sent out a mailer this week criticizing Ms. Meng and Ms. Crowley as being weak on counterterrorism.
The Penguins did get one of their best players back after he sustained a concussion.
Garden of Eve Organic Farm and Market, 4558 Sound Avenue.
For once, she saw no imposingly tall or overtly talented girls.
So, the next morning I reluctantly rented skis.
Aside from “Lola,” the partners have a roster of new projects in the works.
: Maybe a new family.
Loans from Egypt could not be secured because of the continuing turmoil of the Arab Spring, but important pieces from Jordan, Greece and Georgia are among the show’s highlights.
The cool thing is that I can be in meetings now, and I’m about to say something and somebody else will chime in and say: “Wait, wait, wait.
Greenwich $2.75 million 24 Grimes Road r 3 f 3 h 0 16 weeks 99-year-old colonial on Greenwich Cove in a recreational development; family room, 3 fireplaces, den, c/a, garage, 0.32-acre lot; taxes $12,959; listed at $2.995 million.
Consumer prices were up 3.6 percent in March from a year earlier, according to official data.
Working with a new translation by Aaron Poochigian, the company is portraying Jason’s adventures in free performances in parks across the city, using masks, wild costumes, drummers and the Greek guitars known as bouzoukis.
Already we can see that this is going to be a seriously action-packed race.
LAWRENCE ULRICH THE TOYOTA WAY After a few tsunami-wracked, recall-strewn years, Toyota got back to its usual business: slapping around Detroit with profits that Chrysler, Ford and General Motors can only dream about.
The attorney general’s settlement with Mr. Merkin would benefit investors in his four private funds: Ariel Fund Ltd., Gabriel Capital L.P., Ascot Fund Ltd. and Ascot Partners.
Over the strenuous objections of Border unionists and Democrats — the 37th Congress’s first serious partisan breach — both houses passed a bill that confiscated all slaves utilized in the Confederate war effort and declared that their masters would “forfeit” their claims to ownership.
When I told another student that he had been dropped from the class for nonattendance, he recorded the exchange and threatened to report me to my supervisor.
It led to the shuttering or downsizing of several distributors.
Kurt Brouwer, chairman of Brouwer & Janachowski , an investment management firm in Tiburon, Calif., said that a recession was possible but that he expected the economy “to muddle through” with a “pretty good” environment for bond funds.
The challenge for the president, as noted by Helene Cooper in The Times Thursday morning, is to communicate that aggressive message while defending himself against charges that he is out of touch with those Americans who are struggling.
He is now living off the money he made, but if that runs out, he will have to sell some of his land.
But it marked a beginning as well as an end.
While it is unlikely Mr. Dimon was fully aware of the situation inside the chief investment office, lawmakers will ask him about specific breakdowns in the bank’s risk management.
Jack: I had a great career there.
In the last two weeks, however, it has been noticeable that things are beginning to click, and rival teams have no answers.
It’s a feeling of accomplishment that’s impossible to find in any other environment.
So have leaders in other countries.
Goldman Sachs Expected to Name Fewer Partners | As Goldman Sachs shrinks, its elite inner circle will also be getting smaller.
I don’t want to be an old man directing.
The actor Christian Bale, who stars as Batman in “The Dark Knight Rises,” spent Tuesday afternoon in Colorado visiting injured victims of the mass shooting that occurred Friday at a showing of the movie in Aurora, Col. Mr. Bale came on his own and not as a formal representative of Warner Brothers, according to a report in The Denver Post.
The United States and Europe intervened militarily to give Libyans a chance to build a just and stable society.
Meanwhile, price increases around the world helped offset rising costs for ingredients.
It uses the most powerful parameters (light, heat, white noise) to get the user to sleep quickly and deeply.
“I’m the mommy,” Grievance Process says.
His tee shot at the par-5 seventh hole had landed in gnarly rough, and going for the green appeared out of the question.
The significant improvement in the look of the building at night could draw additional attention to the building just as 1 World Trade Center is claiming its status as the tallest building in New York .
Marni Earrings, $420 For A Pair.
Vinyl records must be purchased separately.
All new Accords have a standard rearview camera that displays in an eight-inch LCD display atop the center of the dashboard, and the various available media elements — Pandora, Bluetooth audio, USB-linked devices, SMS messaging, perhaps even live miniature yodelers — are covered by a second, smaller LCD touch screen below it.
Ms. Luckman, 66, said the time was right for her to move on from Ailey , having overseen the installment of a new artistic director: Robert Battle, who this season succeeded Judith Jamison.
“Their shoes were everywhere,” said Maria Cornejo, who opened her own shop on Mott Street in 1998.
Sunday Review, Page 1 NICHOLAS D. KRISTOF Accusations that President Obama is a quasi-European reflect a caricature of Europe that is flat wrong.
We kind of all got together magically as an ecosystem.
Frances earned a bachelor’s degree in art and psychology from Brooklyn College.
“I feel like in baseball, no matter what, there’s always something you or a team can’t do — even the best players and the best teams didn’t do something,” said Curtis Granderson, who has 37 homers and batted seventh for the Yankees on Thursday.
The dress was inspired by the fashion photographers Gomillion and Leupold .
Mr. Romney said that, “today, as some wonder about the way forward out of economic recession and fiscal crisis, the answer once again is to ‘Look to Poland.’ ” Poland’s economy expanded by 4.3 percent last year, far outpacing many of its counterparts in European Union, and after the United States and Afghanistan, the country has committed the third highest number of troops to the war in Afghanistan.
The monk’s mistake, he said, was to share the news with too many people.
Much of what Watt does is instinct, but it is instinct shaped by what Partridge and now the Texans’ defensive line coach, Bill Kollar, have taught him.
Mr. Annan did not specify that the Council should threaten measures under Chapter 7 of its charter, which authorizes economic sanctions, and if necessary, military action, as was done in the Libyan conflict last year.
So much of what we do in health care is irrational.
For Mr. Romney: The nation needs to cope with a growing and aging population, to improve infrastructure, transportation, education, anti-terrorism (homeland security), and to fund basic scientific research (to name just a few functions of government in a large, advanced economy).
The tour was the fourth in a series that included Times Square, the Bowery and the Lower East Side and will finish this week with a stroll through Chinatown.
Apple’s $9.15 billion in iPad sales over the holiday quarter was almost double the amount of revenue Microsoft reported from its Windows software and not far from Google ’s total revenue as a company during the same period.
Jim Wallace, the executive director of Gun Owners’ Action League (GOAL) in Northborough, near Worcester, Mass., told GoLocalWorcester.com that he believed that fear was among the reasons behind the high numbers across Central Mass.
In her first interview since taking office, Ms. Rose said she spends much of her time developing relationships with parents and community leaders and ensuring that they “even know that this office exists.” She is also working on building a citywide parent advisory council.
“People don’t want a bunch of different apps on their phone, just one that they can look at and see everything,” he said.
As her students filed in one Friday after recess, they pushed the desks — which are carefully arranged in the one configuration Ms. Mosser has found that they all fit — to clear space on the carpet in the center of the room.
“There are no specifics.” A debate about whether Mr. Assad really leads Syria or just serves as a family figurehead resurfaced with the uprising.
The 2010 census suggested that U.S. population growth is decelerating faster than many expected.
Yet when it seemed that Mr. Hancock would end the show with mere tomfoolery, he returned to the piano, pushing into the tune’s jazz dimension: new harmonies, skittering counterpoint, introspection, swing.
There were a few smiles, and many a thumbs-up for the police officers.
And when family members learned of Mr. Hernandez’s confession, said the relative by marriage, who requested anonymity because of the delicate nature of the subject, the family was alarmed by this odd detail: While living with his sister’s family near the bodega where they had found him work, Mr. Hernandez told the police, he had detested his young nephew.
If the cooking was enjoyable, Beebe certainly enjoyed it.
Yet another corner for the German club, taken by Ribéry but plucked out of the air by Cech and cleared.
And the vintage doesn’t explain why the 2009 F.M.C.
— Patrick Farrell The Journal News : The macaron craze has hit suburbia.
If your screens are woven together on the same operating system, they will be able to share media by speaking the same language.
If entertainment becomes anything like more competitive markets — cellphones, say — there should more variety and lower cost.
Lancaster County showed a significant increase in thyroid cancer incidence beginning in 1990.
Radinsky said he was “waiting to see” what jobs would open up and that he would “absolutely look for a major league job first.” “If I get fortunate to land one of those, I’ll pick up where I left off,” he added.
I would be dismayed to hear that New York Theater Workshop, for instance, was embarking on a fund-raising drive to build a new theater.
Last year, it set up a deal for American and European investors to put about $40 million into an Afghan company that owns rights to a gold mine.
For Children CENTERPORT The Carriage House Theater at the Suffolk County Vanderbilt Museum “Tales of Neverland: The Adventures of Peter and Wendy.” Through Aug. 26.
Critics praised her finely drawn characters and her keen, sympathetic understanding of those characters’ inner lives.
North Jersey’s luxury rental market also has outdoor amenities.
A Facebook page called “ Free Ryan Jerome ” was created and peppered with postings in support and mentions of “Semper Fidelis.” Even former Gov.
But traditional prospects for journalists look murky now, and the old-line media look much less appealing.
Prince, who is known for using imagery created by others, was sued by a French photographer for using the photographer’s photos of Rastafarians in Jamaica to create collages and paintings.
The PHLX semiconductor index rose 0.5 percent as a number of companies bounced back from losses last week, including Intel, the dominant chip maker.
See all Teenagers in The Times posts.
Yet even theatergoers unfamiliar with “Porgy and Bess” may sense a thinness in the music.
SoHo $772,000 200 Ave. of the Americas (Vandam St.) r 2 f 1 h 0 o 3 weeks 775-sq.-ft. co-op in a prewar building; elevator, dining area, kitchen window, high ceilings, h/w floors, laundry room in building; maintenance $860, 50% tax deductible; listed at $859,000.
But the foreign ministers of France and Britain, who attended the emergency Security Council session, told reporters they were not ruling out Turkey’s suggestion.
His quickness and agility make him a terrific short-yardage option, because when he spots an opening he has the athleticism to reach it.
I came to find out.
The houses of cholera patients are being sprayed with chlorine to stem the spread of the disease, Mr. Mouqué said.
That was one reason he put Parise and Kovalchuk on separate lines entering Sunday’s game.
They gave the Bernsteins awards for their support and gave another to Jeffrey Pfeifle, the former president of J.
A spokesman for the Ministry of Defense in London could not comment, and a spokesman for the International Security Assistance Force in Kabul would give no more details beyond the fact that one of its service members had been killed, and it was investigating.
Likewise, a man whose lover became pregnant had no way of knowing for sure whether his or another man’s DNA was gestating inside her.
Still, over the last few months, the district’s fortunes have brightened, prompted in part by the imminent arrival of a large new office tenant.
Where the 2008 platform said that citizens have the right to a gun at home for self-defense, the new one adds a line supporting “the fundamental right to self-defense wherever a law-abiding citizen has a legal right to be.” On another contentious issue, the platform reverses course on disclosure of political donors, sticking a thumb in the eye of previous generations of Republicans who believed that full disclosure was the antidote to unlimited contributions.
Under pressure from regulators, Deutsche Bank is also cutting back on riskier businesses, which should make it more resilient but will probably weigh on profit.
The day before their first scheduled softball game, Michael Didriksen, one of the team’s co-captains, sent an e-mail to his players informing them that Dewey had declined to pay the team’s $1,600 league dues.
Diseases are spreading to new corners of the globe through wildlife that is not properly inspected at border crossings.
Wednesday’s launch is an embarrassment for China, which has failed to restrain North Korea’s nuclear and missile programs in any significant way since an American-North Korean agreement that froze the North’s plutonium program fell apart in 2002.
But because of delays in the system, that check was unusually large: $16,000.
“You know what, Congressman Shays is going to have to say what he’s going to say,” she said Friday in Danbury in remarks to reporters at the opening of her ninth campaign office.
What they did was smother the Rams with a ferocious man-to-man defense that ran Colorado State right out of the N.C.A.A.
And, as at Great Neck North, there was poker.
The article was reported and written in Washington, not in Baghdad.
But both candidates had to know how thoroughly disingenuous this debate really was.
As a visual artist, she has garnered wider appreciation.
He ignited a hand torch, placed a large flame to the manifold and began manipulating its shape by puffing slowly into the blow hose.
There are several areas in which greenhouse-driven warming is thought to be a potential influence.
Another challenge for “Push Girls” is dispelling the impression that these women are representative.
So I see things as cyclical in terms of polarization.” Over in the House, Father Conroy prepared for his job in part by reading “American Lion,” Jon Meacham’s best seller about Andrew Jackson.
Last year, accusations arose that police officers had spied on mosques and Islamic community groups, although the city disputed those reports.
While cartoons that appear in textbooks have loomed large in the news, it is newspapers, of course, which have spawned thousands of distorted caricatures and wickedly satirical cartoons.
Mr. Barnett said that at least a few buyers were “significant Forbes billionaires.” Since late last year, the “trophy” end of New York’s real estate market has been recording eye-popping sales that seem to have little basis in reality.
Mondays through Fridays, 10 a.m. to 4 p.m.; Saturdays and Sundays, noon to 4 p.m. Westport Arts Center, 51 Riverside Avenue.
“Many Obama fans claimed during the 2008 election that his background as a constitutional lawyer would ensure reversal of the most extremist Bush/Cheney policies, but he has instead used that background for the opposite goal.” Liberals have not always been unhappy with the president.
The budget bill was in these essential ways a repudiation of the Ryan-Wyden exercise in bipartisanship.
“Thank you for bringing these items to our attention.” A spokeswoman for the F.E.C.
But those were the least distinctive sections.
How else to explain the preponderance of shirtless men, bastardized classical themes, tepidly simulated sex, hyperextended legs and spotlights?
Just trying to stay focused and hopefully I’ll be out there.” The Bulls obviously need Rose’s offense, as he is averaging 22.5 points and 7.9 assists per game.
He had been a student of Arabic literature at Al-Baath University in Homs, where he studied Mahmoud Darwish , the Palestinian poet, and was opposed to Israel ’s and the West’s military activities in the Middle East .
It is unclear how big an on-camera role he would have on Revolt.
The hospitals, on Manhattan’s East Side, started transferring patients out, but soon they lost their backup generators as well.
In exchange, they provide Intel with a lot of early information about how the chip is performing.
While 12-inch records commonly spin at 33 1/3 revolutions per minute, some higher-fidelity 12-inch records spin at 45 r.p.m.
The noodles were so sweet that more than half a lime’s worth of juice couldn’t bring them back, the bacon was overbearing, and the oysters had no flavor except what they picked up while being fried to a listless shade of beige.
His résumé is studded with elite institutions: Yale , Columbia Law School and stints at the law firms Cravath, Swaine & Moore in New York and Holland & Hart in Denver .
And remember, at that time the W.H.A.
When Petruchio’s antic charm offensive meets Kate’s well-manned defenses, the combustion makes for a lively scene of cutting gibes and scornful retorts that is taken at a galloping clip.
Items for the calendar should be sent at least three weeks in advance to ctcal@nytimes.com .
These interactions help us to transcend our racial differences and to defeat stereotypes.
Several plotlines having to do with money, power and ambition emerge from the mix of photographs, texts, drawings, comics and painted imitations of works by Cézanne, Mondrian and de Chirico.
He also accused the president of “systematically trying to crush the traditional Judeo-Christian principles in this country” and trying to impose his moral values on the country with the enactment of his health care plan.
(The University of Texas at Austin, at Dallas and at El Paso are corporate sponsors of The Texas Tribune.)
“The phrase we’ve always used is, ‘Ice melts.
Being a musician, I’ve always thought we should jam with the whales, interact with them to make a new kind of music together.
told The Detroit News that the move would affect 220 salaried employees in Honeoye Falls, who would be given the option of moving to Pontiac.
And do you occasionally saunter the fridge at the wee hours?
Players from those countries are often valued on the transfer market, with the Brazilians and Argentines the most popular, making up 20 percent of all international transfers registered by FIFA in 2011, equivalent to more than 1,500 players.
Among these are the two rows of carved columns with tiling that flank the courtyard, the carved cedar wood transoms, and the stained-glass windows.
But they have a long history in Las Vegas — many of the pioneer developers were Jews, as are both the current and former mayor — and the number of Orthodox Jews has grown steadily over the last two decades.
The official accounts of the crime also sought to place some of the blame on the victim, painting him as a craven businessman who at one point “detained” the son at a residence in Britain, although it provided no details.
But the debate centered, in part, on choosing among different tactics the American government has used in the past: penalties like tariffs against foreign countries that do not play by the rules or incentives like tax breaks to encourage more domestic manufacturing.
For younger voters, moreover, the name Barry Goldwater isn’t that evocative.
Todd McNulty joined Crown Media Family Networks, Los Angeles, as senior vice president for creative services.
But he’s big (6-4, 267 pounds) and strong and fast, and Reese, not exactly given to Rex Ryan-like pronouncements, said, “We think this guy is kind of a JPP of tight ends.” If Robinson is half as good as Giants defensive end Jason Pierre-Paul, who was similarly raw and rangy while at South Florida, Giants fans probably won’t be unhappy.
As a result, Phalange militiamen were able to murder Palestinian civilians, whom America had pledged to protect just weeks earlier.
“I hired them all, and I know where they’re from and the members of their family,” he said.
Jimenez (6-4) allowed a run and five hits in six and two-thirds innings, striking out four and walking one.
I’m sure it’s difficult for him.” Tackle Dwayne Hendricks and defensive end Craig Marshall are expected to play more in place of the injured linemen.
It’s training and doing workouts.” The Olympic committee provided $440,000 of USA Boxing’s $3.3 million budget for 2012, according to Bartkowski.
They can also harness the infected machines to send millions of e-mail messages to other users on the Internet, including scam messages that help propagate the botnet.
He explained to his wife that, after his experience in Washington, he felt “the old fire of 1848 coursing in my veins as fresh and young as ever.” Schurz soon joined the new Republican Party, which pledged itself to halting the expansion of slavery westward.
Last week, I set about learning to perform a cartwheel and tackled my first soufflé.
Cherished grandmother of Alexandra, Gillian, Jack and Ross.
Bill Clinton , Newt Gingrich and Barack Obama had to climb the ladder without the huge benefit that J.F.K., W., Mitt Romney and Jon Huntsman Jr. had — the obsessive support of wealthy and well-connected dads.
The laws, passed by the provincial legislature, come less than a month after China named its new leader, Xi Jinping , and as the country remains embroiled in a serious dispute with Japan in the East China Sea over islands known in China as the Diaoyu and as the Senkaku in Japan.
“So now the money you paid for your guaranteed health care is going to a massive new government program that’s not for you, ” the ad warns.
Marjorie Connelly and Dalia Sussman contributed to this post.
Near the end of the show he acknowledged individual audience members, and spoke to them: “Make some noise for that real love, four years strong”; “You got any kids?
The new reality — in which China’s economy is now larger than Japan’s — has changed perspectives, he said.
It was difficult to find any other explanation.
His campaign is likely to hear an earful from them in Providence , R.I., this week.
But that part of our heritage got lost when she married an Italian and was swept into his Italian clan, which was so thoroughly steeped in its ethnicity — and so exuberant about it — that none other had any chance.
He was put in charge of analyzing the cadavers’ teeth to determine their age.
The system I suggest is no doubt quite deficient.
The bitter cold of Labrador’s winters seemed to agree with Birdseye personally; he could spend long hours on a dog sled in subzero temperatures and enjoy himself thoroughly.
The lingering effects of the global economic decline has made it difficult for owners to resell their houses, and stalled some plans for the purchase of larger homes.
He said, “Howie, great call, great call!” I’m figuring he was just so in the moment and happy, I could’ve said “String beans!
Children are born with neurological damage and never get a chance.
Although no comparable index exists to measure the misery of an N.B.A.
They divorced in 2006, and suddenly, the former spouses had to make a choice: Should they continue running the business together or should one of them leave?
Mr. Zhou, who is well connected in China, said in 2007 when he started the mine project that he knew there had been problems for Chinese firms in North Korea.
If I signed the papers he had in his hand, a $20 charge would appear on my credit card statement each month and a small but vital fraction of the world’s marine life could be saved.
The Haggler forwarded those photos to Ms. Quinlan.
Prepared in the French style, with some of the bone intact, the chicken is exceptionally flavorful and perfectly paired with grits that the kitchen blends with serious amounts of butter and cream.
If they break similarly in 2012 — a big if — the result may be to swing a seemingly “tight and stable” race narrowly in favor of the incumbent.
HARTFORD TheaterWorks Hartford “Venus in Fur,” comedy by David Ives.
When the next scheduled direct deposit arrives, the bank deducts the advance, plus the associated fee.
“I just don’t get why some people hates jews so much.” I thought it was a good idea to ask the question when so many well educated people all over the world can answer.
A few Sunnis have always held high-profile positions in the government and military.
Some will appear in our print edition, and in an online slide show.
She believes that students will be more interested if they are shown Germany’s multicultural society, and has produced teaching materials that examine the contributions of diverse groups to modern Germany.
U.S. and European business schools, meanwhile, are cashing in on the growing roster of clients from cash-rich companies and strengthening ties with the markets and people driving the world economy.
The Knicks, who have had their share of dissension and woe, were happy to capitalize on Orlando’s dysfunction.
I think part of it is that Delhi gets a lot of attention because it’s the capital.
In dozens of clinical trials, both orally consumed naltrexone and acomprosate worked well for about one in seven alcoholics and had virtually no effect on the others.
And Colonel Qaddafi was dead , shot by victorious rebels last October in the very city where the Arab League staged its 2010 meeting.
S ay it With Cake, 510 West 123rd Street, (212) 864-9500, susez.com .
But having to inhabit a character who is that cynical and morbid and occasionally suicidal, a character that tormented, can get to you after awhile.
Zaro’s Bake Shop , the chain familiar to commuters for its half-dozen outlets in city train stations, has been cited by the Occupational Safety and Health Administration for workplace violations that carry proposed fines of $118,000.
She singled out Carli Lloyd and Lauren Cheney, and she said that while “the American mentality is to attack,” the United States team could show more patience in the knockout round.
Last week, the bank said it planned to open more branches in countries with fast-growing economies, like China and India, as it exploits a decline in its competitors’ trading activity.
So many restaurant menus these days are cluttered and clogged with data: the provenance of your eggs, the name of the Pacific Northwest inlet that supplied that minuscule sprinkle of sea salt.
But most Americans aren’t contributing to an I.R.A.
Aubrey was right to recognize that these actions are in the best interests of the Company and its shareholders.
Here, the founders discuss their business plan.
But for Simón Leyba, Sley’s owner, they’re just the family business.
It ended with the words World Peace.
In a secret investigation that has appeared to focus, at least in part, on whether county workers were performing political tasks on taxpayers’ time, several of Mr. Walker’s former aides and appointees have been charged with crimes.
President Bush, by this point in his tenure, Mr. Carney noted, had made 61 recess appointments, compared to Mr. Obama’s 28.
The 49ers call a reverse on first down (guess we’re done with the conservative play-calling) and Kendall Hunter loses the ball right in front of Umenyiora, but he can’t get the handle on it before the 49ers cover it.
(Dargis) ‘The Possession’ (PG-13, 1:32) Perched somewhere between “The Exorcist” and “The Unborn,” this eerily enjoyable tale from the Danish director Ole Bornedal gives a malevolent box to a troubled young girl, throws in the Hasidic rap artist Matisyahu, and stands back.
A rival community group is calling those parties carpetbaggers.
Mr. Styron died in 2006 and Mr. Buchwald in 2007.
To avoid having Iranian transactions detected by Treasury Department computer filters, Standard Chartered deliberately removed names and other identifying information, according to the authorities.
HOPEWELL Morpeth Contemporary Paintings by Micheal Madigan and sculpture by John McDevitt.
“I couldn’t help but feel its impact.
It was an effortlessly suave affair, featuring production from Questlove of the Roots and cameos from Anthony Hamilton, John Legend and Corinne Bailey Rae.
It was Les Ballets 1933, not Les Ballet.
She is the daughter of Joyce Weil and Dr. Peter R. Holt of Manhattan.
He scored the game-tying goal in the third.
Should we go with a partner in Asia or go on our own in Asia?” The designers say they feel secure for the first time in their careers.
There is such a variety of ability, he said, that setting a fair baseline at the start of the year would mean assigning children a wide range of music pieces to perform.
“It’s a cafe piano,” said the auctioneer at Sotheby’s, David N. Redden.
Whatever it was, it was marginally warm, borderline damp, and had the unmistakable, oft-used texture of a bargain washcloth.
“There was nothing about depression.” She added that the service corrected false impressions of Ms. Kennedy.
After a World Cup, you have a window to slow down more, play friendlies, and build and shape the team for the next four years.
It helps that I’ve been through the process with my four kids.
Promoted as a “page-turning mystery,” “Remarkable” skips tautly plotted suspense in favor of a cascade of intrigues that suggest a broad theme: Gifts get labeled eagerly and early on, but it’s more fun if characters can elude expectations.
“For too long the head scarf was used as a political weapon, but there are millions of young women like me who wear the hijab ; we are helping to break taboos,” she said.
This is his first post.
His body looks almost like an engineering mistake, and early in his career it seemed as if it might actually be one: before the 2007 draft, there was a minor kerfuffle when it was discovered that Durant couldn’t bench-press 185 pounds, the standard predraft litmus test, even a single time.
“It was forbidden.” When Mr. Rashid, who also tutors children, had his students learn yoga to help improve their concentration, three Muslim students quit after a few yoga sessions, he said, in part, he believed, because of their families’ stance toward the practice.
Can you walk around the streets freely in Bombay or are you more like the Bollywood stars who can’t leave home without a bodyguard because they get mobbed?
Grandchildren XiaoBo, Fang Zhang, David Shui, Lily Su, Daniel, Charlie, and Benjamin.
“Their parents are dying off.
Would it be a drop in the bucket, or a substantial cut?” The answer, she said, was definitely the latter.
“Cloud Atlas” is rated R (Under 17 requires accompanying parent or adult guardian).
The story came up bad, they found out about it from someone else, and they amended it with an hourlong retraction that was straightforward and very powerful.
I’m gonna write words, oh, so sweet, they’re gonna knock me off of my feet.
The West expends a lot of energy and time pointing fingers at China and feeling generally morally superior.
RedPrairie is owned by the private equity firm New Mountain Capital, which purchased the enterprise software maker in 2010.
Prompted by an investigation by the National Highway Traffic Safety Administration , Chrysler is recalling almost 745,000 Jeeps because the air bags might deploy without the vehicles being in a crash , according to a report from the automaker posted early Friday on the safety agency’s Web site.
• An article on Wednesday about the long-running dispute over whether nurses should be allowed to administer anesthesia without doctor supervision misspelled the given name of an assistant attorney general in Colorado.
But as a comedian, Klein has also found very little humor in the insanity part of Linsanity.
More shocking still, Item T disappeared.
Against this, Mitt Romney offers some vague free-market principles and one unambiguous promise: to dash the hopes of 30 million uninsured, and add a few million to their ranks by slashing Medicaid .
“Let’s say a child is 1 ½, and the child screams when they get their teeth cleaned,” said Dr. Jed Best, a pediatric dentist in Manhattan .
What’s your best memory of storms past?
People use sand, ash, jute bags, dry leaves, grass, anything that can absorb.
In recent months, the North has threatened to attack the Seoul office of President Lee Myung-bak, whom it has called a rat, and vowed to bombard the offices of major newspapers and television stations in the South that criticize the North.
The forces of good include Zhao (Mr. Li), the rebel Ming Dynasty general played by Tony Leung Ka Fai in “Dragon Inn,” and three powerful women: a Tartar bandit (Gwei Lun Mei), a treasure hunter (the pop singer Li Yuchun) and a mysterious, disguised warrior (the Chinese star Zhou Xun , of the blockbuster “Painted Skin” films).
MMAC Theater, 248 West 60th Street, (212) 239-6200; frecklefacestrawberrythemusical.com.
His long-awaited new novel, “Canada,” is steeped in the loneliness of the Great Plains.
With a population of nearly 18 million, it is home to more than one out of every five Germans (California, by comparison, is less than one-eighth of the American population).
The house is filled with his anguished screams.
No, the Pogies celebrate the best ideas of the year: ingenious features that somehow made it past the lawyers, through the penny-pinching committees and into real-world tech gadgets — even if the products overall are turkeys.
These animals are not sold for meat.
Economic data from Europe this week showed gains in German exports and French business confidence, but there were signs that Germany’s robust economy had slowed sharply at the end of 2011.
While you are distracted by these higher ethical questions, make no mistake, they’re going to take all these winnings back.
Mr. Williams of PIRG argued that Congress must cast a wider net for financing, so it can pay for more Pell grants and keep loan rates low.
I will work with any Democrat who wants to be pro-growth, who wants to get this country turned around and just make government more effective, more efficient, more accountable.” His opponent, Representative Joe Donnelly , is locked in a rare competitive race for a Democrat near the top of the ticket in this Republican-leaning state.
Thus everyone must agree to the concept of weapons control somewhere on the continuum.
Ms. Lefèvre’s own relationship with Cunningham goes back a long way.
Seven out of 10 Indians said that corruption is widespread in government and 60 percent said that corruption is common in business.
Brown, a political science professor at George Washington University who has written extensively about the Egyptian courts.
All four appear in the new musical, which they describe as “autobiofictionography” — based on their lives but with the stories scrambled and rearranged a bit to recount how they came to be friends and collaborators.
When pressed, no one in the room seemed to think that JPMorgan Chase or any other behemoth could really fail – implying losses for their creditors – any time soon.
The off-speed stuff, that’s what was getting hit hard, didn’t have command of his fastball, not quite the same sink he’s had the last couple outings.” Volstad is closing in on a record that he probably does not want to reach: for consecutive starting losses.
“I had to go outside the species !
When women have children and one parent, still usually the mother, sacrifices at least some earnings to maternity leave or part-time work or a less ambitious career, the notion of equality would seem to demand that both parents pool their (often different) incomes and decide on an identical spending allowance.
Rodríguez pulled ahead as the riders neared the finish at the summit and extended his lead over Contador by six seconds, to 28 seconds.
“We’re not in a position to confirm any figures, and we’re in the process of assessing their validity.” The Pibor area is one of the most rugged and isolated parts of South Sudan, surrounded by thick forests and swamps.
Ready to be set on fire.” White said the building used to be a candy factory, but I had my doubts.
I suppose this is appropriate for a show that’s set in a high school, especially a show that is famous for its bad behavior in the past.
In the United States, Google and big media went at it for several years over Google News and Google won, taking its argument for a free and open Internet all the way to the bank.
But that did not stop Mr. Santorum from laying into both rivals with biting words as he sought to motivate supporters to give him a big victory here to carry into the Deep South, which new polls on Friday showed to be fluid.
For many of them, however, education didn’t always come in the traditional ways.
(who also asked not to be identified because they were not authorized to disclose confidential information) said was from $500,000 to $1 million to pose with his baby, only to have things go awry when he refused to go shirtless, and without the child’s mother, Camila Alves.
It would be great if the dining table base came in a variety of finishes to choose from (which I assume it does).
no longer received a P.T.S.D.
“When the Iranians see this, they say the Americans are doing everything they can to prevent Israel from attacking.”
Crime, it turns out, may pay after all, assuming you can find enough people who can comfortably reinterpret an act of artistic vandalism as a statement.
We’ll also be taking suggestions from readers for candidate statements that deserve a closer look.
Dear husband of Judith, cherished father of Kevin and Carrie Schultz, Cynthia and Anthony Hornig, and the proud and dotting grandfather of Ryan and Rachel Schultz.
(Chinen) Dave Stryker Trio (Saturday) The guitarist Dave Stryker has made a subspecialty out of soulful hard bop — often, as on “Blue Strike,” released on SteepleChase last year, with a cool, deceptive ease.
“It’s still something that’s uncomfortable; it doesn’t seem quite natural,” Mr. Emmons said.
He sits down in the middle of the room.
You try your best to help your patients, but your hands are chained because your resources are quite miserable.
Tucked away in their cellars is another treasure, also frequently kept hidden from the outside world.
Service members do not all share the same experiences.
Al Sharpton, whose National Action Network is also an organizer of the demonstration on Sunday, led a silent march down Fifth Avenue in December 2006, three weeks after the fatal police shooting of an unarmed black man, Sean Bell, outside a Queens nightclub.
This struck her as odd for two reasons.
“But I have smart players.
“The upside is really important,” said Carol Levine, the director of the families and health care project for the United Hospital Fund.
The Jesuit-educated among them, you could argue, have been trained for independent thinking — precisely the kind of voter who finds Santorum lacking in reason, logic and a broad view of humanity.
In fact, the Hamas anniversary is Dec. 14, but the organization moved the celebration forward a week to honor the first uprising against Israel.
The proposed merger has also drawn concerns about consolidation in the global media research field, which has become dominated by a handful of firms like Kantar Media, comScore , Ipsos and now potentially the combined Nielsen-Arbitron.
The theme this time was “smoky eyes,” in honor of the hostess’ signature look, which has now spawned a MAC makeup collection.
A number of research projects were set up to find out.
Jobless Americans, struggling businesses and hard-pressed communities are hostages in the fray.
I just said I had other plans when they asked me to hang out, each time, time and time again, repeatedly, and they got the point.
Since Mr. Obama only needs to carry one of these states, it helps him that they form a diverse portfolio.
Mr. Alexander , who is serving out his final year in the Senate because of term limits, has pushed for independence for the Lakeland campus, the University of South Florida Polytechnic , which has 4,400 students.
But the success of the Shifang protests suggests that opponents may find it easier to prevent environmentally threatening projects from getting started than shutting down existing ones.
American officials had no immediate comment on the news.
Theaters are in Manhattan unless otherwise noted.
Marilyn Buck, who was dubbed the only white member of the Black Liberation Army, was convicted at trial with Mutulu Shakur, considered the ringleader by authorities.
But a season after producing the worst record in N.B.A.
Agencies and newspapers are now in difficult circumstances.
On the political right he was hailed in the same breath with Rush Limbaugh and Matt Drudge as a truth-teller who exposed bias and corruption.
Young Mr. Thien’s political troubles began in 1960, after he agreed to fill in for an ailing friend who taught high school history.
During World War II, the government commandeered all his aircraft.
UBS created the plan to help it comply with stricter capital requirements for banks by the Swiss government and a drop in demand for investment banking services and products.
“Andrew and I aren’t working more closely today than we were before, because we’ve always worked closely together,” Mr. Bloomberg said.
So there will definitely be a family ticket on this animal.
What will Mr. Xi be like?
So on Sunday, Marrakesh families, courting couples and clusters of teenagers descended into the long-forbidden cisterns under the city’s heart.
“What we need is a makeover of our own” to help “realize the goals of our founders: diversity, public access, civic discourse, experimentation, a welcoming place for independent spirits.” Many stations are already on that path, said Rich Homberg, president of Detroit Public Television, adding, “I think we need an army of people to read that speech and go act on it.” He said Mr. Moyers has been “an important voice for a long time, and we welcome him back.”
In 2004, Mr. Gorsky left the company to head the North American pharmaceuticals business at Novartis.
But its alumni - who include Joseph A. Califano Jr., a former secretary of health, education and welfare; John Sexton, the president of New York University; and William Peter Blatty, author of ''The Exorcist'' -- have kept its mystique alive.
Protesters overturned a car, and clashes became fierce.
Our city is great, and that’s why 400,000 people call it home.
In deeply Republican Utah, where a Democrat stands little chance of victory, the Republican nomination is the real fight.
Ms. Moore, 28, is keeping her name.
We started that from an idea, and built it into a company with international offices before selling it to Microsoft.
Good incentives can elicit greater effort.
“They say, ‘Oh, you’re going to eat your way through grad school.’” “Food books aren’t just cookbooks,” she said.
Even with the declines, factory orders are well above their recession lows.
Mr. Brown’s rally will be at Mechanics Hall in Worcester, where, not coincidentally, he held a “people’s rally” two days before the 2010 election that drew several thousand supporters.
that Mr. Castro agreed Mr.
“Our male clients are particular about their hair,” Ms. Hill said.
The dates of Dr. Hedges’s specimens and, more telling, the dates after which the lizards ceased to be collected, correspond almost exactly with the introduction of the mongoose.
By sailing larger ships, the company can more efficiently serve the carmakers, who effectively control the size of the shipping fleet.
“They said an account has been tampered,” she said.
 Mr. Sargent procured provisions for the meal from farmers and fishermen over the course of a week along the way, including peach ice cream in Alabama, alligator meat in Louisiana and squash blossoms in Texas.
The prime moneyed malefactor of yore is probably Mr. Potter in “It’s a Wonderful Life,” who since 1946 has personified the warped soul of the well-financed.
Since the perceived failure two years ago next week of the bipartisan fiscal commission they led for President Obama , they have been on the road, sometimes solo but often together, perfecting a sort of Off Broadway show that has kept their panel’s recommendations alive, and made them a little money as well.
“Almost impossible anymore,” said Alan Richman, the food and wine critic for GQ magazine.
I wasn’t told to approach it on bended knee.
So it basically comes back to my fundamental principle: People’s basic hopes and dreams are all the same.
The latest fruit of their collaboration is a gleaming machine called the Lumia 900 , which goes on sale in the United States on Sunday and is considered to be the first true test of how well the partnership will fare.
He found the means to create this effect with a machine and a manufacturer not too far from Paris.
A supermodel at center stage.
“I’m just really looking forward to it, and we’ve got a lot of work to do.” For a game wrapped so tightly in tradition, there is something charming about an ageless commissioner minding the shop.
He had come to the league in 1947 to study (for free, since he had no money) and became a protégé of Mr. Grossman’s.
My daughter has a list of 22 potential schools.
Several players, including Moe Berg, a catcher turned international spy, and Sam Bohne, played briefly with the Brooklyn Robins in the 1920s.
Gee, I’ve read pretty few.
So far in 2012, investors have invested $16 million in seven early stage affordable health care deals in India, Mr. Mangat said, and Omidyar Network plans to invest another $15 million in the sector in 2013.
If you want to live as long as the inhabitants of Ikaria, whom Dan Buettner wrote about in this Sunday’s magazine , you might want to start by eating like one.
For all the messy political gridlock in Tokyo, reconstruction funds are flowing in, even creating something of a local economic bubble.
In the polarized political conflict with liberalism, shrinking government has become the organizing conservative principle.
The Central Committee meeting in October established the ideological foundation for a tightening of the cultural sphere that is only now beginning to unfold.
“We will certainly follow our regular practice of removing and carefully storing whatever is of spiritual, historic, artistic or monetary value, so that it might be used in other churches,” he added.
“This has been like an anvil that dropped on the company’s head.” Now Yahoo must await the findings of its special committee, made up of three directors who joined after Mr. Thompson’s hiring in early January.
DealBook » In UBS Convictions, Parallels to the Libor Investigation | A case against the three former UBS executives who were convicted last week has a number of interesting parallels to the Libor investigation, and can provide the framework for cases that might emerge, Peter J. Henning writes in the White Collar Watch column.
The federal Office of Special Counsel, in reviewing one case, found reasonable grounds to believe that the individual was fired in retaliation for constitutionally protected speech.
American estimated that its proposal would reduce overall costs by $2 billion a year, $1.25 billion of which would come from employees.
His father retired as a civil engineer for the Army Corps of Engineers.
8 seed to reach the finals since the conference-based playoff format was introduced in 1993-94.
The amount each whistle-blower will receive has not been determined or is being kept confidential, their lawyers said.
Prosecutors want him to be a witness in the trial of Jeffrey A.
But there may be a silver lining.
The Labor Department said on Tuesday that import prices fell 1.0 percent, the biggest drop since June 2010, after being flat in April.
Other companies, like Porsche, outsource production of some models.
Paul Davis Ryan was born in Janesville, Wis., on Jan. 29, 1970, the youngest of four children of Paul and Elizabeth Ryan.
They hand-weave the chains and never use casts.
Mr. Kaminsky says subleasing done secretly is dangerous and not recommended, because it could result in an eviction proceeding.
Parks Commissioner Adrian Benepe said on Monday that no one submitted offers until 2010, when three groups, including Mr. Trump’s, stepped forward.
Ms. Singh began her career as an abstract artist, then switched to painting folkloric scenes of daily life in Bengal before settling on the enigmatic, quasi-narrative mode that has become her signature.
Fred I. Greenstein, an emeritus professor of politics at Princeton University, offered the academic theory of “path dependence” as one possible explanation.
Mr. Mesterharm previously worked on the bankruptcies of General Growth Properties, the mall operator, and Silicon Graphics, the onetime maker of computer graphics hardware.
Marrying First, Then Celebrating With a Ceremony Later My fiancé has received an offer to join the foreign service.
Whatever the truth of the matter, Mr. Putin’s opponents, who plan to protest his election on Monday night in Moscow, used the tears to poke fun at him.
Yet people who have seen and used working prototypes said there seemed to be a misconception that the glasses would interfere with daily life by bombarding wearers with information and distracting them from the real world.
By piecing together the clues from that basement, we get a better sense of the war as experienced by the men in the trenches, or cellars, in this case.
In another unusual feature, the F.D.A.
It seemed like a fair guess that none of the men in the store owned motorcycles (they didn’t have an air of agility) and that, therefore, a decent part of the selection looked like Halloween costumes on them.
The editors’ action put newspapers with a combined daily and weekend circulation of more than eight million copies — said to be read by more than one-third of Britain’s population of 62 million — on record in favor of substantially toughening the system of self-regulation by the newspapers that has been in place since 1953.
The Lamoriello style consists of drafting and trading wisely, not wading too deeply into the free-agent pool, and then holding on to players once he has signed them, while also restocking the team with talent others have overlooked.
In response, the Bakries said Mr. Rothschild should return his shares and other financial benefits connected to the mining company.
Raw jalapenos are puréed and filtered to make a juice.
Until the eighth inning, the game was shaping up like loss No.
“I hope so, but I don’t think so,” he added.
NYACK Edward Hopper House Art Center Peter Furlan Project, jazz.
Mr. Scalzi explained that his characters find roles for themselves in the greater enterprise, “making sure that your individual talents, your individual expression, is something that adds to the overall world.” Readers who appreciated the book point to the emotional power of its three codas: short stories spun off the original narrative and told from the point of view of this novel’s own minor characters.
1 and has remained in the top 10.
I just do not know if you learn anything more groundbreaking or life-changing when you’re paying $40,000 a year far away versus $10,000 in your home state.
Debbie Clemens’s testimony was meant to contradict that of McNamee, who has said Roger Clemens asked McNamee to inject Debbie Clemens with human growth hormone in 2003 ahead of a magazine photo shoot, and that Roger Clemens was present for the shot given in their Houston home.
Next to the high drama of the latest conflict between one of the world’s most sophisticated military powers and what is sometimes called the world’s largest open-air prison , Saturday’s train disaster in the small town of Manfalut in Upper Egypt seemed pedestrian.
Mr. Brown, whose mother died when he was a child and whose father wasn’t at home, was being raised with several other children by his grandmother and an older sister.
As the band matured and had more money to spend, its casual culture-hopping (or baiting, as it goes) became a robust part of its identity.
Most days, he makes more than one trip to the golf course.
And if you’re in the New York area and borrowing more than $625,500 — the maximum allowed for loans resold to Fannie Mae or Freddie Mac — you will be obtaining a “jumbo” loan, which tends to carry higher rates.
Only graduate students are allowed to study at the campus, which is filled with old trees and the colonial mansions that were built to house administrators and teachers.
What does distinguish the FiveThirtyEight model is that it is very aggressive about trying to determine the momentum or trend in the race.
And without a diplomatic fix for the Iranian nuclear issue (unlikely) or sanctions dissuading Iran (unlikely), the president may have to consider getting into another one with Iran.
“Every politician who’s been fighting to keep these subsidies in place should explain to the American people why the oil industry needs more of their money.” None of Mr. Obama’s proposals were new, and some were aspirational.
There is one sense in which a war is composed of all the acts of war by all the parties to a conflict.
But while it assesses the damage done to a brother and sister abandoned to institutional care by their father, a soldier, “Fog” avoids feeling like a social worker’s screed.
The next night, perhaps powered by capellini fra diavolo, Glavine won his 300th game .
Designers focused throughout on sustainability.
GREENVALE Tilles Center for the Performing Arts The Kingston Trio, American folk music.
Mr. Hooper argued that hygiene “has no nationality.” The British and the Indians are too proud to let foreigners whip them, but if they are given a whip, they do a good job on themselves.
The women have been in jail since March , shortly after the band staged an audacious protest against Russian leader Vladimir Putin inside Moscow’s Cathedral of Christ the Savior.
Last Updated, 3:28 p.m. A day after a nurse at a London hospital was found dead after falling victim to a prank call seeking medical information about the pregnant Duchess of Cambridge, the hospital’s chairman issued a scathing indictment of the Australian network that broadcast the hoax.
A transgender couple, who have been protesting the administration’s policy governing the use of men’s restrooms and locker rooms at the university’s Johnstown campus, said they were told they were “persons of interest.” In an interview, Katherine Anne McCloskey, 56, and Seamus Johnston, 22, said that F.B.I.
But Augusta has not only never had a female member, its former chairman Hootie Johnson famously responded to Burk’s challenge with his declaration that he wouldn’t be forced “at the point of a bayonet” to admit women.
See my column, What Is Food?
The cartons were up front, ruined, and a refrigerator had moved 25 feet and turned upside down.
A former trader at UBS accused of causing a multibillion-dollar loss was “playing God” with the Swiss bank’s money, prosecutors told a jury here on Thursday.
To dispel questions as to whether his confidence was brittle and whether failure in the clutch gnawed at him, McIlroy rebounded eight weeks after the Masters debacle, at the next major, the U.S. Open, with one of the most eye-popping performances in recent times.
In a move that could further incite animosity, Saad al-Hariri, a March 14 leader and a former prime minister, has asked that General Hassan be buried next to the downtown Beirut tomb of his father, Rafik Hariri, also a former prime minister.
“Twenty years ago, we didn’t know how the Internet was going to get used by people, and we for sure didn’t know about mobile or tablets,” said Marc Andreessen, co-founder of the first major browser, Netscape Navigator, and an investor in Rockmelt, a browser start-up.
This is a hobby, and you really can’t keep everything.”
Steve has also played a prominent role in building the culture of our Bank.
James Bond may never lose his taste for fast cars or dangerous women, but his famous preference for martinis — shaken, not stirred — will be broadened in his next film adventure to allow for the occasional swig of mass-market Dutch lager.
It is a topic Mr. Gorman knows all too well.
(AP) SENATORS 4, LIGHTNING 1 Daniel Alfredsson had a goal and two assists, Craig Anderson made 35 saves and host Ottawa extended its winning streak to four games.
The parliamentary panel on Tuesday opened a day after Australian and American athletes reported long delays in getting from Heathrow Airport west of London to the Olympic Village in the east of the city because bus drivers were not familiar with the route.
But with the nation on high alert over bullying — especially when it intersects with computer technology and the Internet — these civil rights statutes are being stretched to go after teenagers who acted meanly, but not violently.
I live in hunting country.
One stroke back is Rory Sabbatini, who posted a third-round 71 in blustery conditions.
“It’s the rise of the blogosphere, the rise of reality TV, the self-publishing, self-broadcasting world,” said Kim Alfano, a media consultant to Mr. Daniels and other Republicans.
If this is the biggest crowd the nationalists can gather in a city of more than 12 million, they might not deserve to be taken too seriously.
“I was just trying to not walk back to the dugout, like I’ve been doing all series.” His turn as the hero did not last long.
REUTERS Kirin Said to Eye a Food and Beverage Deal | Kirin Holdings, the Japanese brewing giant, is considering a bid for the soft drink and dairy businesses of Fraser & Neave, but it was not clear how much Kirin would offer, Bloomberg News reports, citing three unidentified people with knowledge of the matter.
Which means that if Mr. Parneros is serious, all that he has done is put his sales force in an impossible spot.
And the movement is protracted, its dynamics softened by a pronounced legato quality.
Premium Crosswords is available through subscription only.
FINANCIAL TIMES Dymon Hires Former SAC Executive | Jay Luo, who formerly ran the Asian operations of SAC Capital Advisors, is joining Dymon Asia Capital, which was the best performer among large hedge funds in Asia last year, Bloomberg News reports.
“A lot of players, when they play that long, you can tell they have a passion for the game, and you can tell he has that,” said Baxter, who has spent parts of eight seasons in the minors.
An asterisk (*) indicates that a book's sales are barely distinguishable from those of the book above it.
Technicians procure orange juice and suggest to Subject that she eat something “solid” as soon as possible.
Suddenly, I was nearly two seconds faster than anybody else, including my teammate with the same car.
Incubator Arts Project, St. Mark’s Church, 131 East 10th Street, East Village, (866) 811-4111, theriotgroup.com , incubatorarts.org .
She joined the law firm of Davis Polk & Wardwell in New York city in 1991 as a litigation associate and left in 1995 to become an Assistant United States Attorney for the Southern District of New York.
Just because some tax breaks are inefficient and misdirected does not necessarily mean that the goals they serve are unworthy, however.
ELMSFORD Westchester Broadway Theater Kenny Vance and the Plantones, pop.
So as a fan of film, there are certain films that come along that are just stunning to me, and I’ll study them.
Shallow riffles led to deeper pools.
It has reminded me that running centers and stimulates my life, making me more positive, more capable and willing to do good in the world.
She paid rent of about $300 a month in Cúcuta, more than three times what she is paying now.
But the trade commission said much of the evidence was bogus or deliberately misrepresented.
Many of the bakeries are run by the insurgents, who have learned how to bake bread as part of the war effort.
you might want to think about how you dress.
The company acknowledges controlling about a fifth of Russia’s crude oil exports, meaning the proceeds from roughly 5 percent of Russia’s total economic output are channeled through Mr. Timchenko’s trading operation.
“Wow, you can really drink,” he said.
Black people were “criminalized” through various institutions and practices, whether Southern chain gangs, prison farms, convict lease camps and lynching bees or Northern anti-black neighborhood violence and race riots.
Officer Daniels entered no plea at his arraignment in Brooklyn on Tuesday.
Long calls those swings “chases,” and he charts them.
(A three-sided wire brush from Outset is $17.)
Now, in an effort to speed up the show, it has apparently decided not to have either of those songs performed live at the telecast — a repeat of years past .
“And we’ll take the advice of the Mayor to see what happens next.’’
I remember every one of them.” The Orioles, now in first place in the American League East (Baltimore beat Kansas City in 15 innings Wednesday), are one of the best baseball stories of the season, and Rany Jazayerli at Grantland.com has a good analysis of how they have turned things around.
As specialization takes hold, the next logical step is to lobby the American Bar Association to make the J.D.
A mountain of a man whirling what looked like a cannonball above his head as effortlessly as a yo-yo.
The Food and Drug Administration approved a new life-prolonging drug for men with late-stage prostate cancer on Friday, adding to an increasingly crowded field.
More troubling are the causes that have no easy fix.
Why, then, are you interested in joining an association whose basic beliefs your religion condemns?” ¶ “It is our understanding that the Koran tells you not to mix with (and even eliminate) the infidels.
In the same quarter, it received more than $1.5 billion in fresh demands.
It is important to emphasize that this analysis covers cases in which there were at least three distinct polling firms active in a state; you will find more frequent misses in cases where there were just one or two polls.
1, the massive contemporary art institution she founded in Long Island City in an abandoned school building.
But what has happened in the past six weeks has little to do with playing Solomon.
“To Lee, ‘story’ was everything.”
Still, the move to keep the company listed brings into sharp relief the inconsistent way Japanese authorities and financial institutions have policed and censured white-collar crime in recent years.
His sailor theme was not shown as fashion life on the ocean wave, but as a quiet presentation — give or take a travel theme that embraced bearded-and-turbaned Indians and a French toile de Jouy with miniature drawings of distant tribes.
First, it brought down the veil on some of the basic facts of the company .
One thing, however, is now certain: Sergeant Bales’s court-martial will be held in the United States.
Svedka vodka, sold by Constellation Brands, Victor, N.Y., selected Factory 360, New York, to serve as the experiential marketing agency to help introduce another Svedka flavor, Svedka Colada, with a sampling tour.
Just as in the last home match, when he scored both goals in a lackluster performance against Sochaux, Kevin Gameiro again provided P.S.G.’s match-winner when he scored on a header in the second half.
PHOTOS: A man, in light shirt, whose son died when an earthquake collapsed an industrial moldings plant in Mirandola, Italy, walked by the building on Tuesday.
Oct. 11 through Nov. 11.
KELLY Azevedo used to work upward of 70 hours a week.
Scholars at Duke University studied 11,600 forecasts by corporate chief financial officers about how the Standard & Poor’s 500-stock index would perform over the next year.
“It’s probably an 11-hour drive from Lexington,” said Krieger, a former Kentucky player who lives in Jefferson, Iowa, explaining the dearth of support for the Wildcats here.
Brides, here’s a solution for what to do with your wedding flowers, which may be withering away in your home as you contemplate whether or when to toss them.
Do you have any interest in driving something besides a stock car?
An umbrella campaign provides “a bigger play” by adding “the voice of Kraft” to the ads, said Tim Scott, president of the Chicago office of McGarryBowen, which also creates ads for Kraft Foods brands like Crystal Light, Maxwell House, Oscar Mayer and Miracle Whip.
She then invited him to a gathering of friends, which coincided with a snowstorm.
He informed me that he was doing it on maternal instruction.
Our reservation was honored, but the only table available was next to the front door, where customers came and went continually.
This cruise from New York City Audubon visits the birds’ lairs and provides binoculars for close-up viewing.
For my own jewelry collection, it’s sterling silver and 18 karat gold.
One man was using the phone, another leaning against the booth.
“We’ve walked through this many, many, many times,” he said.
Funeral service, 10am Thursday at Gutterman's Inc, 175 N. Long Beach Rd, Rockville Centre.
And Route 100, lovely and slow, reminded me of just how restorative a road can be.
OUTDOOR SPACE: A stone patio is behind the house.
'' Forging a Career Path He set his sights on CBS News and joined the network as a special correspondent.
“I hope it has a happy ending,” said the building’s developer, Gary Barnett of Extell Development.
Northrop Grumman declined to comment further.
Girardi was unguarded in the slot because Ottawa defenseman Erik Karlsson, who was named a finalist for the Norris Trophy, had drifted away from his post.
The student said that some of those who are leaving are athletes.
WHAT answers in this poll, over all, surprised you most?
They have two to four weeks to iron out the problem.
“I never really wrapped my mind around winning,” Simpson said.
Tarrytown Music Hall, 13 Main Street.
The problem is that the tribute is a period piece, a celebration from the 1930s of a man who had died only in 1919 and whose immediate impact on American society was so considerable (and who loomed so large too in the ’30s with his fifth cousin in the White House) that during that same decade his face was chiseled next to Washington, Jefferson and Lincoln on Mount Rushmore .
I hope he has enough boxes (insert your black-and-white square jokes here).
He graduated magna cum laude from Tufts University and received a medical degree from Hahnemann Medical College.
Max is so quiet and resolute that it takes a while for the monstrous dimensions of his plan to sink in.
“Whenever he comes, my Republican friends, they’re so annoyed because he stops all the traffic,” she said.
According to the Elias Sports Bureau, they are only the fourth team in the past 25 years to win their first four games by 10 or more points.
WASHINGTON Gunn Memorial Library and Museum “Wunderkammer,” works by Scott Bricher.
In that 2002 decision, Thompson v. Western States Medical Center , the court held by a vote of 5 to 4 that a congressional restriction on advertising by compounding pharmacies violated the companies’ right to free speech.
“The buyer wants to pay as little as he can; the seller wants to net as much as he can,” he wrote.
None of us invested in the future.” I asked Mr. France if that was why he still smokes.
WHAT TO SEE AND DO The area has a number of events like the threshing festival in Ciruelos in early February and the surf competition in Punta de Lobos in June.
Some rivers have been closed to fishermen; others are still open but are running low and warm — less than optimal conditions for fishing.
“But there is a kind of Lebanese rejection of too much Iranian involvement here.” That has not stopped Iran from trying.
I hope that Haidt will return the compliment.
“It’s good we finally got some reaction from the board of trustees, but there are serious concerns that the letter did not effectively address,” said Adam Kasanof, a 1977 graduate and a retired member of the New York Police Department.
It makes people feel that the issues that are important to them are important enough for their mayor to come spend time with them.” “While he genuinely does care for the citizens of Newark,” Mr. Coutinho added, “a lot of people here feel that he’s been looking beyond Newark for a long time.” Mr. Booker defends the time he spends away from the city, saying his networking has brought as much as $400 million in philanthropic contributions to the city, including a $100 million donation to the schools from Mark Zuckerberg of Facebook .
Todd Rundgren, who went up next, declared himself thoroughly unnerved.
Fly myself to Louisville, In love and totally thrilled.
Fears of further abductions increased as Lebanese television reported that shelling and airstrikes by the Syrian military in Azaz, north of Aleppo, Syria’s largest city, had killed some or all of the 11 Lebanese pilgrims kidnapped by rebels in May.
And it is certain to bring more questions about precisely how she chooses to define her family.
But we’re still in July — at least for a few more hours.
In a stern letter to Sony, the three lawmakers also suggested that it take measures “correcting the impression” that coercive questioning paid off.
Although Ms. Ollstein contrives a happy resolution for Maddie’s crisis, her comedy is often crude in craft and sometimes tasteless in its attempted humor.
was refusing to occupy its newly won 43 legislative seats in protest over having to pledge allegiance to the Myanmar Constitution, which it rejects as undemocratic.
“I decided to come because it’s highly interdisciplinary here,” said Mr. Tsaftaris, sitting in a vaulted-ceiling conference room of IMT Lucca, a graduate school and research university.
He derided “the whole exercise of boiling down complex answers into thirty- or sixty-second sound bites.” So his staff was more than a little nervous when he went out to face Mrs. Clinton, one of the most formidable figures in the party.
The $1.3 billion program saves the Army money and gets the hotels renovated and built faster than the government could do.
Now, although Social Security and Medicare generate far more political heat, a quieter, more nuanced debate of large consequence engulfs 401(k)’s, the voluntary, privately financed plans that some see as a savior of American retirement and others see as an impediment: Should 401(k)’s be fine-tuned and expanded or should they be replaced entirely?
“He’s going to find out who hates his guts and who loved him, and I kept wanting to hear back, ‘O.K., the gag’s up.’ ” On the Web, there was a huge outpouring of both invective and grief.
Hungary is not the only country in the European Union struggling to improve an old education system that relies heavily on state financing.
Israeli diplomats have been on high alert since Pakistan -based militants attacked in the city of Mumbai in 2008, killing more than 160 people, including 6 people in a Chabad Jewish community center.
On the walls and ceilings of several rooms on the ground floor, under layers of wallpaper and paint, the owner discovered frescoes dating to the late 18th century.
Neither has his deputy, Bradley Abelow, who was the chief operating officer at MF Global, according to a person close to the case.
After all, pride of place belongs to monastrell, earliest mentions of which have been traced back to 14th-century Catalonia.
Professional trainers from the American Kennel Club will offer pointers.
The CUNY Office of Legal Affairs has also notified law enforcement agencies of the situation.
After-tax income rose just 0.6 percent in the first three months compared with a year earlier.
We like to say we’re an invention capital company.
For Ohio State, the three-year run of Lucas, Havlicek and Nowell had come to an end.
By this time of year, rates are often more negotiable, as property owners who have given up on finding a renter for the season may be eager to fill the house at least for July, August or both months.
Businesses in South Carolina are required to use the federal e-Verify program when hiring.
In the east are grand hills and a tall, snow-streaked mountain range the soldiers call the Whale.
The design and maxim were derived from the coat of arms of the family of Jonas Bronck, the Swede or Dane who sailed from the Netherlands in 1639 and pronounced the borough that would bear his family’s name “a veritable paradise.” Mr. Ultan is skeptical, though, that the Bronck family crest is that old.
“You drink the damn thing.” Mr. Calero acknowledged receiving help in buying more than $18 million in military equipment, and receiving $14 million in donations to buy food, clothing and other supplies.
Their successors are less enamored with the service, which they view as a potential threat to traditional revenue streams.
Emily is a fan of the Museum of Modern Art, which has the best selection of works by Warhol, her favorite artist.)
You have to be musical, because otherwise you will just stick out like a sore thumb.” The company and school will move in August from its 23,000-square-foot home to a 46,000-square-foot former furniture warehouse and showroom that includes seven studios, a cafe and a black-box theater that seats 300.
Now, because of a new Congressional map, Mr. Coffman, a two-term conservative with a long military résumé, finds himself in a Democratic-leaning district in the Denver suburbs in one of the most competitive House races in the country, with implications for the partisan split in the House as well as for the presidential race.
He delivered his address last week while wearing chinos and a casual pullover.
Mr. Polozov noted that Mr. Medvedev had also taken a personal interest in the case of Taisia Osipova, the wife of an opposition activist who was charged with drug violations that her supporters said were trumped up.
IN a slowly gentrifying section of Bushwick, Brooklyn, where gunshots are no longer heard and the local brothel has been turned into a family home, five friends made a 10-year commitment.
Tree metaphors like the branching-out facade of Mr. Ito’s Tod’s surprise people.
British political commentators say his testimony, likely to last at least five hours, will be the harshest test yet for the prime minister on an issue that has already weakened his government and its standing in opinion polls.
Two from 1955 in which you see spiraling and swirling parallel lines through similarly woozy patterns on the transparent panels are especially effective teasers of eye and mind.
Texans Falcons (10-6) at Giants (9-7) Sunday, 1:00 p.m. Line: Giants by 3 It is possible to arrive at the same place by multiple paths.
— Christopher Botta Welcome to our coverage of the 2012 Winter Classic between the Rangers and the Flyers.
: Deng Jiyuan called his sister, Deng Jicai, on Tuesday afternoon to report that he was safe, Ms. Deng told Edward Wong of The Times .
Then they and the others waited for would-be mentors in the audience to ask more questions.
Jessica Auria, who runs Rockstar Puppy, says she has sold a couple of them to celebrities, including one with heat and air-conditioning that can be controlled by an iPad .
The men are the ones who hold the power in this trinity of narratives — which won France’s Prix Goncourt — while the title characters bang into the reality of male dominance like flies on a glass window.
“I’m not going to lay out precisely the nature of our campaign strategy.” But he did say that he expected the upcoming debates to help crystallize his case to the voting public.
The company’s revenue has slumped through 2012 after it started the year stuck in a contract squabble with Express Scripts, for which it fills prescriptions.
Beer garden open Fridays, 6 to 11 p.m. through September, with live music.
Another issue is whether Android is so closely following Java as to be a copy (unless you are a hard-core programmer, if you like being certain you do not want to be on this jury).
Just after 10:30 p.m. on New Year’s Eve, officers carried a person out of the park, prompting protesters to follow behind them, shouting “Shame!” The reason the person was escorted away was unclear.
The following is a condensed, edited transcript of their conversation.
The other, Manadel al-Jamadi, died in C.I.A.
TriBeCa has become one of the most seductive addresses in the city, and people pay a lot to live here.
Cancellara, a Swiss time-trial specialist, had led since winning the prologue a week ago.
The Blue Jays, therefore, will have a good sense of his demands, though the higher tax rates in Toronto may change them somewhat.
In May, he landed a job with Forrest Solutions as a mail clerk, and is now based at Condé Nast, where he has connected with others who share his passion for writing rap songs.
“It’s really an amazing transformation.” The more Mr. Walker learned, the more nervous he became about keeping the discs, which tend to be fragile.
And then came “Batterie,” a duet for Mr. Wampach and a drummer, Jérôme Renault, in which both men’s torsos were covered with shaving cream, applied to seem like shirts until the foam began dripping off with satisfying plops.
Austere Challenge 2012 was originally scheduled for the spring, but General Franklin said it was postponed at Israel’s request.
Ms. Thompson paid $390,000 for the apartment, which came with two parking spaces.
He also appreciated my cooking, and once, when my father was traveling, I even gave him shelter in my family’s home for a few weeks, cooking him meals and giving him some of my father’s old “skinny” clothes.
She testified that many of the accusers continued to visit him years after the alleged abuse, well into adulthood — a point Mr. Amendola brought her back to again and again.
Egypt charts a once unexpected course, electing an Islamist president .
It’s so kind that some of your relatives have already sent gifts and their best wishes.
But in 2004, Castro decided — partly as a gesture of contempt for the U.S. embargo — that he would abolish the use of U.S. dollars on the island and enforce the use of CUCs, pegged to the U.S. dollar but distinct from it.
Consider that from 2002 to 2010, the A.F.C.
The number of LOOKS shown at any one time depends on the length and layout of the runway and the choreography.
How to approach collectors who may have purchased works but not yet paid for it?
While the women’s basketball world focuses on the impending Baylor-Tennessee game, or on Stanford and Connecticut cruising along, there is another team who is quietly, but steadily advancing: No.
Ms. Kaliada felt obliged to note that this was not a part of the play.
Film ANNANDALE-ON-HUDSON The Richard B. Fisher Center for the Performing Arts, Bard College France and the Colonial Imagination Film Festival.
He was talking about himself.
There are strong swells as the ship rounds the Cape, and the crew’s spirits don’t lift until the boat hits Tahiti, where the sailors encounter tattoos for the first time (“7 Mates now wear Them forever”).
‘Stomp’ And the beat goes on (and on), with percussion unlimited (1:30).
Ramires then picked out Didier Drogba, who was lurking just yards from the goal.
Paul McCarthy’s “Daddies Ketchup” (2001), a huge inflatable bottle of ketchup makes a Neo-Pop-psychoanalytic connection between patriarchy and power, and Elmgreen & Dragset’s aluminum bullhorn housed in a slick, industrial vitrine evokes protesters in Zuccotti Park, who were forbidden from using any amplification devices, developed a signature form of analogue augmentation, the “people’s microphone.” City Hall Park, Public Art Fund, (212) 223-7800, publicartfund.org .
RECKLESS ENDANGERMENT: How Outsized Ambition, Greed, and Corruption Created the Worst Financial Crisis of Our Time, by Gretchen Morgenson and Joshua Rosner.
Mr. Zambujo paid obeisance to fado’s history.
Meanwhile, 18-year-old Laura Robson’s rollout in New York has elevated the British notion of His and Her Wimbledon titles from pure fantasy to comprehendible possibility.
It did so well that one local news site reported that scalpers were selling tickets at twice their face value.
“Sometimes people are looking for a reason to be optimistic,” he added.
The fund that Mr. Lewis has helped administer now holds $111,000, having grown larger over the years from bequests and the proceeds of auctions at family reunions.
The Bank of England said it would take another month to complete the £375 billion, or $604 billion, program of asset purchases known as quantitative easing , and the scale of the program would be kept “under review.”
In any case, the Antonov bombers are so inaccurate that if they are actually aiming at you, you’re probably safe.
She said too much classroom time was being used to prepare students for tests.
Authors need obsessions; it’s their immoderate, uncontainable, sometimes irrational preoccupations that feed their creative energies.
Spring­steen’s creative evolution and endurance as a populist American rock ’n’ roll hero is, according to Dolan, “a slantwise way of telling the history of our times, how we have come together and divided over the last half-century, how we have changed what we think of ourselves as a people.” Politics does not loom as large an informer of Springsteen’s social conscience as racially motivated social unrest.
The Standard & Poor’s 500-stock index closed higher, but strength in both the Dow Jones industrial average and Nasdaq was limited by the blue chips Intel and Kraft, both of which issued warnings on their profit outlooks.
First, Saturday’s statement would have to get voters to take another look at him at the expense of other conservatives like Mr. Gingrich or Mr. Perry.
“But my dad had played at Kentucky.
Maxim Weinstein, who runs StopBadware.org, found the site had been compromised and commended Google for protecting Web users.
Both liberal and Islamist parties call for Islamic law to be a main source of legislation, but not the only one.
These are the standouts in my pantry going into the fall: quarts of cherry, blueberry and peach fillings, ready at a moment’s notice to become pie, crisp, cobbler or slump.
THE SHOEMAKER’S WIFE, by Adriana Trigiani.
would emphasize the potential economic benefits in its announcement.
Married to Hobart College sweetheart Bernice for 63 wonderful, love-filled years.
That’s because nothing like Foxconn City exists in the United States.
Scorsese is having fun with ‘Cape Fear,’ at heart a shaggy-dog story, but he brings to it the same manic intensity and innovative techniques evident in his more solemn work,” Vincent Canby wrote in The Times.
BLAH BLAH BLAH BLAH BLAH BLAH BLAH – This boring man loves the boring sound of his boring voice.
There are expensive condominiums now where factories once stood in Williamsburg, and residential and commercial real estate is coming to a decommissioned naval base in Staten Island .
“What If”: on whether a doomed relationship is actually the best relationship a man will ever have.
But with interest rates low (and rents high), home-buying is once again a bargain for many.
They all confirmed Ahmadi’s account.
He said members of his camp in the stands in Philippe Chatrier already had told him to stop at the end of the first set.
“We had objected to the Americans before, but they claimed they were not present in our territories.
“Everybody told him to get out of the race,” Mr. Santorum said Tuesday night.
ThyssenKrupp reached a compromise that would eliminate 850 positions in Germany but offered alternative jobs for up to 600 workers.
It’s an easy do-it-yourself installation for anyone who knows how to turn off a circuit and use a screwdriver.
“We’ve got way too much else to be doing,” Ms. Murkowski said, adding that her constituents were more concerned about energy policy.
“We are getting into the system to change the system,” he said.
“My words of recognition go out from here to all who voted against us, a recognition for their democratic temperament,” he said.
You are populist and refined, both high and low of brow — you are brow-free!
“I can’t wait until this election is over.” The political ads in Las Vegas are as caustic as they are ceaseless.
And telling yourself that everything must work out is poor preparation for those times when they don’t.
Mr. Ely still suffers from an injury he incurred while carrying a poodle to its mistress over icy front steps in Washington When the inevitable occurred, and Mr. Ely wiped out, he threw the dog to his employer before falling hard on his backside.
The situation in Catalonia, coupled with discontent in other Spanish regions, has led some analysts to conclude that the central government will face mounting pressure to consider fundamental constitutional changes if it is to avoid the threat of a potential break-up of the state.
“Back then, you didn’t stop while the tape was running, and I remembered from the church what to do if you forget the words.
Mr. Haddad Adel has been speaker before and claims a family advantage.
“We have invited the opposition several times to take part in the national dialogue and negotiations, but they always refused,” said Abdul-Aziz bin Mubarak Al Khalifa, International Counselor at the Information Affairs Authority.
She also befriended painters and artists who “showed me how to look,” according to her 2009 obituary .
During the week I get up at 5:30.
‘Gustafer Yellowgold With Strings Attached’ (Saturday) The friendliest of space aliens is back in town.
The firm, Kaspersky Lab, said that the virus appeared to have been written by the same programmers who created Flame, the data-mining computer virus that was found to be spying on computers in Iran in May, and that it might be linked to Stuxnet, the virus that disrupted uranium enrichment work in Iran in 2010.
Economists said that the administration could help sustain the trend.
Puhich made Baze work nearly 1,000 horses in the morning before he let him ride in a race in the afternoon.
Unlike many parents, Dana had an opportunity to help her son understand what had upset him, which is why therapists like Mr. Klein say that keeping the lines of conversation open is the best safeguard against any potential harm.
I’m scared I won’t be able to do that.”
Saving at least 10 percent of pay may also be a reasonable goal for many people.
The groom’s father is to officiate, with Rabbi Jonathan Prosnit, a brother of the groom, assisting at Rolling Hills Country Club in Wilton, Conn. Ms. Traub, 27, is keeping her name.
NEW HAVEN New Haven Public Library “Stolen I. D.: Fragmented, Colonized, and Lost,” paintings by Gordon Skinner.
Last year her company charged 4,000 cellphones in four days at Bonnaroo, she said.
The White Gallery, 344 Main Street.
He wore black jeans and a black button-down shirt, the only glint coming from his belt buckle and the clip of a Parker pen sitting in his breast pocket.
Goldman Sachs, Credit Suisse, hedge funds and other big investors have been snapping up the bonds, betting on a rebound in their prices.
“I take pleasure in talking about things that people say we don’t need to talk about anymore,” he said.
Last month, India’s central bank cut benchmark interest rates for the first time since 2009 — by an unexpectedly large 0.5 percentage point, to 8 percent — on signs that the economy was slowing.
Then floral patterns were laser cut, like paper doilies, into leather, while cherry blossom jacquards were enveloped by fluffy dandelion heads created from mink or feathers.
In Britain , where social mobility is lower and income differences are greater than in most other European countries — and where a bout of youth rioting last August added urgency to the issue — Prime Minister David Cameron recently introduced a controversial pilot program of parenting classes.
I wanted to pull the emergency slide.
It will require Russia to lower customs duties on imported manufactured goods like clothes and consumer electronics, while offering little in return.
NATO must keep pummeling the Taliban.
Does anyone want to ask Tom Brady how he feels about the Arizona loss possibly being the reason for failing to get a first-round bye?
The auto industry’s race toward a greater number of transmission gears now resembles that of the bicycle industry of 25 years ago, when 10-speed bikes were left in the dust by those with 12, 15 and more speeds.
If we create national standards, will they flip with every presidential election, or is there any way we can settle on that “minimum” without minimizing our children’s education?
What compelled you to write your memoir now?
Heroin shares one with vinegar and old aspirin.
He wept while she stayed still, occasionally rolling her eyes.
The company grooms its designers, who were selected by a panel of judges in June.
They turned to their grenade launchers but were too close to the tower for the grenades to detonate once fired.
It’s worth digging a little deeper and putting the heated discussions of the moment into global and historical context.
Make it either “number of poachers” or “amount of poaching.” ••• The area is both a National Historic Landmark as well as a Chicago Landmark District.
The finally tally, John Forester said, “was 17,248 for Obama, and 3,740 for Romney.” Why the lopsided outcome?
Tonjes, 26, is another Next Up winner.
You have a feeling we’re going to see a lot of them, not only in the regular season.” Maybe so, but the Texas Rangers, who have won consecutive A.L.
Jonny Bauer and Ted Florea were named to new posts at Droga5, New York.
Hemophilia is more common in boys and men.
This effort, he writes, has been met with “public indifference, skepticism and apparent resistance to what historians have called ‘cold war triumphalism.’ ” Wiener recounts the doomed attempt to build a $100 million Victims of Communism Museum in Washington and comically searches the Maryland countryside for the pumpkin patch exhibit commemorating Whittaker Chambers, the anti-Communist whose testimony exposed Alger Hiss as a Soviet spy in a case that boosted the career of then-Congressman Richard Nixon.
“It appears the passenger-carrying service providers have sacrificed the value of life and treated it as a commodity,” Mr. Chari was quoted as saying.
“These fine particles penetrate deep into the lungs, causing serious and costly health effects,” said Lisa P. Jackson , the E.P.A.
In 1962, in a girls’ school in Tanzania, a laughing epidemic spread to 95 students and lasted for months.
“We can’t think of a more important sector with greater social impact than affordable health care in India,” Jasjit Mangat, director of investment at the Omidyar Network, told Ms. Pande Lavakare.
So, either we’re going to try and block it, or we try to go give them a hard foul and make them go to the line.” A hectic regular season behind them, the Clippers will try to turn the historical tables and change the playoff landscape with their newfound success.
“She kept saying it just feels like it’s her time,” Mr. Samberg said.
Unless something odd happens, your medal will be silver or bronze.
The jobs report is based on two surveys, one of businesses and the other of households.
Dear Diary: Metropolitan Diary More Reader Tales From the City » Most of the winos on the Upper West Side have vanished.
“We certainly have an undervalued stock, to me a woefully undervalued stock,” Mr. Carey said at the Deutsche Bank conference.
It had a smoky, cocoalike aroma.
This is worth bearing in mind as the campaign to succeed Mr. Bloomberg takes shape.
On the one hand, he’s getting big-time star treatment.
New York Public Library Youth STEM Fair (Saturday) STEM stands for science, technology, engineering and mathematics, and those fields will be the stars of this exposition for ages 10 through 18.
We were 8-1 going into the conference finals, and suddenly we lose Game 1 at home and we’re behind the 8-ball.
“It should be time-consuming, and done with analysis.”
I appreciate you spending some time with me.” The crowd offered only tepid applause — even to his usual fail-safe lines, like the one about President Obama ’s first term being his “only term” — and the situation did not improve markedly when he headed outside to hold a news conference after the event.
I love her tamarind-spiced pork, and for an appetizer she makes a gratin of christophine, a white colored squash, to die for.
“It makes me feel uncomfortable to see the Buddha’s face obstructed by wires and television cameras,” he said.
A picture credit last Sunday with the Q&A column, about the photographer Ross Halfin, gave an incorrect identification from Mr. Halfin for the photographer.
: “The Crucible,” by Arthur Miller, directed by Murphy Davis.
Sharing razors, and the germs they can spread if skin is broken, should be avoided.
But progress has stalled over the details.
Noncontract calls are billed at an hourly rate.
“The mind-set of people is geared toward assuming that if you are a politician and you are Sunni, then you are a Sunni politician,” he said.
Fund-raising picked up, and by Election Day, Priorities USA Action had spent $66.5 million on attack ads, much of it paid for by a small group of investors, trial lawyers and labor unions.
Leaders of the three churches that share control of the Church of the Nativity, always leery of prospective changes to the delicate status quo, also expressed reservations about the nomination.
Alison Carol Hillhouse and Gregory James Cain were married Saturday evening at Bonhomme Presbyterian Church in Chesterfield, Mo.
Take, for example, the war in Iraq, which Mr. Robin argues was less about oil than the neoconservative longing for a project of national greatness more noble than simply making money.
“It was an unbelievable game,” said Nevada tight end Zach Sudfeld, who had two touchdown catches.
On Friday, a grand jury indicted Mathew Martoma, a former employee who was arrested last month on charges that he used inside tips about a clinical drug trial to help SAC earn profits and avoid losses totaling $276 million.
Many blame Islamist militants for a spate of violent crimes, including the bombing of Mr. Hasadi’s empty Mercedes-Benz.
Forecasters said they expected high-altitude winds to whip every state east of the Mississippi River .
You don’t have to be a chess player or a Harry Potter fan to love them.
In “Killing Kennedy,” the publisher said, Mr. O’Reilly will transport readers back to Nov. 22, 1963, weaving “this collective, national memory in with the reality of the president’s increasing international and domestic political burdens.” “The vigorous and continuing sales of ‘Killing Lincoln’ prove that Bill O’Reilly and Martin Dugard have created a winning formula to make history accessible to every reader,” Stephen Rubin, the president and publisher of Henry Holt, part of Macmillan, said in a statement.
On my first go I was too preoccupied with the ballet’s divergences from MacDonald’s book.
It was not time yet.
(AP) BLUE JACKETS 4, OILERS 2 Derek MacKenzie scored 32 seconds into the third period to help host Columbus rally from a two-goal deficit against Edmonton.
Rigorous state control means that China has no Christian radio shows and religious organizations are barred from accepting foreign donations for charitable work.
BLOOMBERG NEWS Wall Street Self-Regulator Shuffles Staff | The Financial Industry Regulatory Authority has hired Robert Colby, a former top federal regulator, as its general counsel, a person briefed on the matter said.
Until they weren’t, that is.
As a youngster, she was a poster child for the country’s effective AIDS program.
Directors on boards of so-called controlled companies face a tougher time holding management accountable, according to Charles M. Elson, a professor at the University of Delaware and director of its John L. Weinberg Center for Corporate Governance .
The police have been investigating the firebombings as possible bias attacks.
And the winner of the race is something of a foregone conclusion.
Shaul Mofaz , the Kadima Party leader whose surprise agreement with Mr. Netanyahu gave the prime minister a supermajority of 94 of Parliament’s 120 members, had made the universal draft his primary goal.
TANNENBAUM: One thing I wanted to add is that he was a teammate of Mo Wilkerson’s at Hargrave [Military Academy] and the reason that’s really important to me is this is a guy that was in the same locker room with him and any time we have those situations I always ask these guys — Kyle Wilson’s guys from Boise State for example, that is critical to me — ‘Do you want to work with this guy day in and day out?’ Mo was unbelievable.
Attempts to integrate the academies, beginning after the Civil War, had met intense resistance.
In rejecting a request from Greece to help pay for the fence, the European Commission described it as “pointless.” The last hurdle to Greece is the Evros River Valley, beginning in the north at the Turkish city of Edirne, once the capital of the Ottoman Empire .
After an exchange with the officer on the scooter, she moved out of the way but was arrested as she stepped on the sidewalk.
Most important, she has been accepted into the close-knit Zuckerberg family (Mark Zuckerberg has three sisters), from Dobbs Ferry, N.Y., but who have spread to Silicon Valley to work or visit.
It is named after the British historian Cyril Northcote Parkinson (1909-93), who promulgated the law more or less in jest in 1955, then with regard to the British civil service .
“We are praying that God will send another miracle,” Mrs. Mullet, 64, said of the hope that the judge will give the men short sentences and the women probation.
“You know, you just can’t coach geek.”) Mr.
Here, Athenians in the know linger over fried Creten feta laced with ouzo and watermelon; a tangerine-infused pasta from Chios Island; and squid-ink tagliatelle flecked with smoked trout.
“We have had to sail through a storm on this one,” Mr. Friedman said, adding that “our hearts go out to all of those who have been victimized by the storm.” Other moments during the run-up to Restoration Hardware’s debut on the N.Y.S.E.
These four roots of power arose as consequences of the development of agriculture, which generated human population explosions and accumulations of food surpluses capable of feeding full-time leaders, soldiers, scribes and inventors.
Case Study What would you do with this business?
In an essay about the nationalist question published last week, Mr. Putin assailed “provocateurs and enemies” who he said were trying to “rip out Russia’s core with false talk of the rights of ethnic Russians to self-determination and racial purity.” “I am deeply convinced that attempts to propagate the idea of building a Russian ‘national’ mono-ethnic state contradict all of our thousand-year history,” Mr. Putin wrote in the essay, which was published on his Web site.
News International, the British newspaper subsidiary of News Corporation, rebutted Mr. Major’s remarks in a statement, saying its British titles “did not act in unison” in the 1997 vote, with The Sunday Times supporting Mr. Major , The Times of London neutral, and The Sun and The News of the World supporting Labour.
LA PRAIRIE ADVANCED MARINE BIOLOGY TRAVEL MUST HAVES This eco-friendly collection uses algae extract, among other purportedly anti-aging ingredients.
He has worked at some of the city’s temples of French gastronomy, like Daniel, but grew up streetwise in Metz in Alsace-Lorraine, and left home when he was 13.
But first, time for Saturday’s regularly scheduled look at the latest polls.
“It’s going to drive scale for us on the digital side,” he said.
A president and prime minister will follow from that, early next year.
If you’re looking for something to make this weekend, check out some of the previous dishes here .
“Everyone who works with her absolutely loves her,” added Ms. Pascal, who visited the movie’s set.
Acceptance got a little easier last week when Louis Freeh , a former director of the F.B.I.
What should have been done to avoid this?
They are averaging nearly 112 yards per game this season, but their average has been 102.5 in their past four losses.
Maybe a decision here or a move there can help a team win a few more games.
There’s absolutely nothing to be afraid of!’ ” The son of a sometime dockworker, Mr. Bygraves liked to call himself “just an ordinary Cockney who made it.” Over the years, he owned 53 Rolls-Royces.
Say what you want about the project — and as the construction timeline has lengthened past a decade and costs have soared over $6 billion, plenty has been said — keeping the bridge intact in an earthquake has always been the engineers’ chief goal.
The Fusion Energi was also certified at up to 92 “MPGe” – under the Environmental Protection Agency ’s electricity vs. gas equivalency formula – in highway driving, for a combined 100 MPGe, Ford said.
KLEIN--Adam Ira, of Osterville, MA formerly of NY and NJ.
The United States is the primary proponent for doing away with the leap second, arguing that the sporadic adjustments, if botched or overlooked, could lead to major foul-ups if electronic systems that depend on the precise time — including computer and cellphone networks, air traffic control and financial trading markets — do not agree on the time.
One of the other picks was a necessarily forced ball that came on fourth down, and the other was simply an otherworldly play by defensive end J.J. Watt.
I went down to Pikeville, Ky., to do a little research.
It is no coincidence that there has not been a Triple Crown winner since Lasix started sapping the vigor and durability out of champion runners in America.
A fictional character like the hacker Lisbeth Salander doesn’t emerge from a vacuum — she’s the product of much feverish keyboard tapping, and I don’t mean Stieg Larsson ’s.
Nor had I known that embedded in the ethos of this particular private island is a class system that places short-term guests below the salt.
When they return, many students want to find a way to continue the work they were doing.
Each will have a turn presenting and then pointing out the limitations of one another’s proposal.
If the district maintains that level of spending, the longer school day would cost $84 million in the next fiscal year.
Until now Mr. Enders — a straight-talking former paratrooper from Germany — has embraced the role of the public face of Airbus, accompanying European leaders on overseas trade missions and sometimes even leaping onto nightclub dance floors with customers if it might help seal a big aircraft order.
“It is clear what you do and how you do it,” said one commenter.
Yet I managed at least 80 miles of charge every day, even when flogging the system.
Anthony will be remembered for his constant smile, his generosity, and the way he embraced life.
Later, arriving at the summit meeting, Mr. Cameron stressed the importance of the European single market, a free economic space which accounts for about half of British trade.
They are slowly making believers of those outside the clubhouse.
One man was working on an opened tablet with a big green screwdriver.
“Almost the total focus on where the flight to quality is coming from is Europe,” said Kevin H. Giddis, the executive managing director and president for fixed-income capital markets at Morgan Keegan & Company.
All in all, a meal at Cesco’s is like recapturing a memory of Italy, at a very reasonable price.
Over the last 12 years, this tiny full-pension hotel has acquired a loyal clientele among Moscovites, mostly Russian but also a few foreigners.
“In contrast, managers’ raise decisions put women who performed at the same level as men in a position where they would not only need to negotiate to obtain a reasonable raise, but they would have to do so from the starting point of a lowball amount,” she added.
Last month at London’s Heathrow airport, I marveled at a child zooming around the airport on a piece of hand luggage that doubles as a rolling toy.
Except there’s one lady, she’s nice.” It’s true: they are a very sour pack of library ladies.
In his State of the Union address , Mr. Obama also said he would ask the attorney general to establish a special financial crimes unit to prosecute cases of large-scale financial fraud.
Of the far-reaching corruption in India’s Fourth Estate, Ms. Chaudhury writes: For a variety of reasons, it’s indisputable that the Indian media is coasting in several danger zones now, but are we, as a fraternity, sufficiently willing to acknowledge that?
We have taken a rather inclusive attitude toward which polls are included in the forecast this year — excluding only those conducted directly on behalf of the campaigns, or by “super PACs” very closely associated with them like Priorities USA Action.
Human nature is always: I’d like to have another piece of pizza.
The new season will premiere in September.
Dashboard A daily roundup of small-business developments.
The government has described the suspects, two of whom remain at large, as radical Islamists.
Jerry Patterson, the Texas land commissioner and former state senator who wrote the state’s concealed handgun law, said he fears changes that would do no good: bans on sales of assault weapons or on high-capacity clips.
LEONEL G. GUTIÉRREZ Dallas, Sept. 30, 2012 To the Editor: On quickly disassembling our daily delivered Times and glancing at what sections there are, we know instantly what day of the week it is.
In order to compete in the global low-end wholesale business, he said, you need to be where the other wholesalers are.
She’s got a whole world to discover before she can find him — a world of colors, seasons and emotions denied her by the community — and as her world opens, the novel’s language opens with it.
In a country where people tend to air their grievances in the pub rather than in the street, analysts said the protests reflected the depth of discontent of everyday people who faced new increases in sales and income tax, as well as about $3 billion in government spending cuts next year.
The government has also ordered other media groups to replace their computers in the lockup room with new computers under tighter controls.
Elsewhere in Brazil, voters are being urged to cast ballots for candidates with names like Daniel the Cuckold and Elvis Didn’t Die .
PORT WASHINGTON Port Washington Public Library Imani Winds Concert, a performance for children and families.
The continued comeback of new-vehicle sales underscored that the United States remained the most profitable car market in the world.
The case comes two weeks after the arrival of 12 new Marine Corps transport aircraft touched off huge protests among islanders.
But such reviews — which should have been done all along — will be meaningless unless independent investigators actually interview officers to determine the proportion of stops based on reasonable suspicion, as required by law, and the percentage based on improper racial profiling, in which blacks and Hispanics are singled out.
The Mint has been justifiably lauded for rescuing forgotten plays and breathing new life into them.
But his performance was mediocre: a 6-6 record, a 4.18 E.R.A., and a leg injury that forced him from his last playoff game.
“There were people just jumping in with us.” Today, Wounded Warrior Project holds more than a dozen Soldier Rides in the United States, Europe and Israel each year.
He also served as the occasional go-between.
In November, Carson discovered a mass in her left chest.
An asterisk (*) indicates that a book's sales are barely distinguishable from those of the book above it.
He said Mike McQueary told him that in the locker room, “he heard some sexual sounds,” but did not claim to see any physical contact.
There are, for example, 4,600 regulated professions, while the cost of setting up a business is nearly four times that of doing so in the United States.
If men were getting hurt in proportion to their numbers, the rate of injury would have been about 16 percent — my estimate for the fraction of practitioners who were male.
I held my wife’s hand, drawing on the strength of our love and our years together, knowing no matter what happened it would be O.K.
An average meal for two, without drinks or tip, is about $65.
About 30,000 Americans have cystic fibrosis, which is caused by mutations in a gene called CFTR that is responsible for transport of chloride ions across cell membranes.
“Fresh from the Kotrijk fair and Galerie Valerie Traan in Antwerp,” he says.
“I was full of nerves,” Ms. Watts said, ”because I thought, ‘Where do I begin this conversation?’ I don’t want her to relive any of the suffering and pain she’s already been through.” Ms. Belon too seemed anxious.
Vevo has a distribution deal to stream its videos through YouTube, but the change is seen as a competitive step between Facebook, which is trying to make itself a hub for entertainment content, and Google, which owns YouTube.
“I’m sure there are plenty of more important things for Congress to do these days,” Mr. Heller said.
And playing the son who forces Creon into a reconsideration of matters of principle whereby clarity arrives too late, Luke Newberry argues the case for at least hearing all sides of the debate.
Among them are Gaël and Mickaël Tourteaux, brothers who run the compact kitchen of this storefront space.
“That is why today the son-in-law stopped being the minister of defense.
“We have to make a decision,” said Harris County’s top elected official, County Judge Ed Emmett.
The vanishing films are from Starz.
Congress Party leaders had hoped a good showing in the recent elections in five states would provide the party with a public endorsement and strengthen the national government by attracting new allies.
During a lunch interview in Greenwich Village she answered most questions in discursive bursts, quick with her cadences and opinions.
As part of the compressed season, the league scheduled back-to-back games in the second round of the playoffs.
Normally, the hiring of N.C.A.A.
As he spoke, another cyclist slithered through a crowd of camera-toting tourists.
In setting up a marketplace where people can shop for insurance, the state has sought advice from consumer groups, labor unions, doctors and hospitals, employers, insurance companies, agents and brokers, and American Indian tribes.
I just know that, for business owners and politicians, many of the principles of operating online are the same.
In 2010, however, they were reeling: On Dec. 22, a fire ravaged the house in Brooklyn where Ms. Vaughn and her extended family lived.
“If Palestinians want a state merely as a superior vehicle to continue a political, military, economic and psychological struggle with Israel, that’s not what we have in mind.”
“We go to those countries multiple times a year to market the program, to interview candidates, and we’ll be back in the spring, summer, fall time frame in all of those countries,” said Ankur Kumar, director of M.B.A. admissions and financial aid at The Wharton School at the University of Pennsylvania.
“Urban Archives: Emilio Sanchez in the Bronx.” Through June 17.
Attendees could browse custom smartphone cases, play with 3D printers, try indie games, peruse zines and visit a booth of popular Kickstarter projects.
His character’s memorable look — described by the “Harry Potter” author J. K. Rowling as being snake-faced and having two slits for nostrils — was a chance for makeup artists to experiment.
in computer science or a year or two at a technical school.)
There is, of course, a monolith.
11, after driving into the rough, sending his next shot into the other rough, and flew his approach shot into more rough.
It was still several hours before Police Commissioner Raymond W. Kelly was to meet with Muslim leaders whom he had invited to Police Headquarters on Tuesday.
New Jersey Repertory Company, Lumia Theater, 179 Broadway.
After we learn that the Mrs. in Thomas Gainsborough’s “Mr and Mrs Andrews” has murdered her husband, “Bobsie,” with his own gun no less, she tells us, “The nice thing is that the neighbors/Think it an accident.” As Ms. Molloy reads this line, the image behind her changes to a close-up of Mrs. Andrews’s sly eyes, one of several witty touches in Daniel Grixti’s video editing.
He said Bio-Oil generated approximately $180 million in trade and retail sales in 2012, although little of that came from the continent.
He pulled the knife out, his wife later learned, not realizing then just how seriously injured he was.
On their night, more than 50 showed up, too many for everyone to pitch, so names were drawn from a hat.
The first, Chlamydia pecorum, is causing a vast majority of health problems in Queensland’s koalas; the second, C. pneumoniae, is less common.
Any nervousness I had about trying to leash my Sea-Doo’s hellfire was only exacerbated by the fact that a) it has no brakes, and b) it has no steering power when the motor is off.
I’m trying lots of things from many designers including Christian Siriano.
Here in Baan Pa Chi, about an hour’s drive from the northern city of Chiang Mai, villagers describe a paradox.
Outside Guti’z Bakery on Main Street, a customer, Mayra Mendoza , said she had seen police officers sitting in a parking lot across the street, watching customers come and go from the bakery, taking down license plate numbers.
— Magdi M. Amin (@Magdi_Amin) May 1, 2012 As the U.N.’s humanitarian affairs news site IRIN reports : “As Sudan and South Sudan sink deeper into full-scale conflict and hostile rhetoric nine months after the country split in two, people from both sides of the border are tweeting a very different message, one of peace, solidarity and frustration with their leaders.” There are few signs as yet that the two governments are listening.
“If the rumor turns out to be true, Bill Baer would be a very well-qualified nominee,” said Albert A. Foer, the president of the American Antitrust Institute.
Understanding the Rules of Co-op Living Q From time to time I read in your column about “house rules” and “bylaws.” What is the difference between the two?
To avoid a recurrence of the spasms, Murray stood on changeovers for the remainder of the match, never again sitting down.
To the Editor: “ BlackBerry as Black Sheep in Smartphones ” (Business Day, Oct. 16) lacks the balance your readers expect.
North Carolina point guard Kendall Marshall (broken right wrist) was not in uniform for Sunday’s Midwest Region championship game against Kansas, according to a Tar Heels spokesman.
According to a presentation to analysts by JPMorgan Chase late last month, the rules mean only a 5 percent reduction in revenue for the bank from households with $500,000 in assets or more compared with a 35 percent decline in what the bank earns from customers with balances of $5,000 or less.
“Well, there are a lot of things wrong in Washington, but too much compromise is certainly not one of them.” Mr. Mourdock said a pair of his earliest memories from his childhood in Ohio involved episodes that presaged his two careers.
Adams acknowledged that his collection, which eventually numbered more than 3,500 volumes, was a bit unrestrained.
There, detectives put him in handcuffs – “They said it was a formality,” he said — and took him in front of a judge who said the tickets were so old that the issuing officer had retired.
Diplomats from Italy and Spain will speak as well.
By Mac William Bishop, Channon Hodge and Nadia Sussman on Publish Date April 23, 2012. embed What American Airlines hopes to achieve in bankruptcy court and LPL Financial’s Jeffrey Kleintop on market outlook.
The charcoal drawings of the cartoonist Mark Siegel are appropriately moody, and the sequence that depicts an angry sea king is particularly powerful.
Richard Kirkland, Company G, Second South Carolina Infantry, left the lines and made his way to the nearby Stevens’ house where his brigade commander, Gen. Joseph B. Kershaw, had his headquarters.
And I know there’s a temptation to think you’re different from everyone else.
And they certainly shouldn’t be taken as universal.
The principal cause of the wide variation within schools is the methodology of the ratings, which compares teachers with similar student demographics and scores.
Mr. Gupta’s lawyers are expected to use evidence of that Goldman insider to argue that prosecutors have falsely accused their client.
Here’s a primer: Uptown is divided into four wards – First Ward, Second Ward, Third Ward and Fourth Ward.
The show’s $18 tickets are pay-what-you-can, with proceeds to benefit hurricane relief.
I appreciate Mr. Lindgren’s response and agree that the article provided a useful conversation about abuses that had remained bottled up.
Any objections I might have had to seeing fish given this rough, almost brutal treatment were forgotten the minute I started to eat.
She is readying a new album.
He told that to Paret’s son, when they met for the first time and embraced several years ago in an encounter arranged for a documentary.
What invests Katniss with such exciting promise and keeps you rapt even when the film proves less than equally thrilling is that she also doesn’t need saving, even if she’s at an age when, most movies still insist, women go weak at the knees and whimper and weep while waiting to be saved.
The first violation warrants a warning.
President Obama changed that to “outliers,” a label that implied the path was open for Pyongyang and Tehran to rejoin the community of nations if they complied with the Nuclear Nonproliferation Treaty.
The board set a very simple standard, and that was that every team and the players on every team ought to be on track for at least, at a bar minimum, a 50 percent graduation rate.
We don’t pass laws in the belief that they will eradicate the crime.
These convictions related to three separate acts of oral and anal contact with Mr. Pena’s penis.
“Philanthropy for the arts or for cultural activities is, in a world like this one, morally dubious,” he writes in his book.
Other groups offer their endorsements — seals of approval that say, basically, “If you like us, you’ll like the candidates we like.” Chances are pretty good that the Republicans will lose some seats in the House, just because it’s difficult to draw political maps to protect 102 spots.
“Our record shows beyond dispute that no institution is immune from S.E.C.
Those who expected his numbers to tumble turned out to be wrong.
“It’s 100 percent fireproof,” Wells said of his storage space.
The Romney campaign sent out several statements on Wednesday from Republican women making the misleading claim that women had been disproportionately hurt by Mr. Obama’s economic policies.
Facebook predicted a Mitt Romney victory, according to a study by Cheryl Morris at BostInno.com.
Although he has yet to drive at the highest levels for very long, Austin was seen as a promising newcomer by Foyt, a four-time winner of the Indianapolis 500.
In our analysis, this will not change substantially the competition environment in each national market.
That summer of 1972 I lived with two friends; my share of the rent was $35 a month for a three-bedroom apartment in Cambridge, Mass.
That may be especially true of the Houthi rebels who control Saada Province in the north and the southern separatist leaders, many of whom are living in exile.
If our focus remains on numbers and scores and rankings and assessments, our kids are not going to get the learning outcomes they need for this new era of information and knowledge.
Instead, Russia’s foreign minister, Sergey V. Lavrov, publicly rebuked her on Syria, as well as on Iran.
Agudelo’s stage this year could be the London Olympics, as long as the United States qualifies.
Those are powerful words, but can he keep that promise?
Golf 2.0 comes a year after the “Tee It Forward” movement, which implored recreational golfers to play from the shorter-yardage tee boxes, another attempt to make the game easier and more appealing.
“Whenever a new consumer registers, we check the ZIP code to make sure we can legally ship to them,” he said.
“‘They like iPhones and iPods more than they like cars’ — you hear that,” said Ralf D. Speth, chief executive of Jaguar Land Rover, which is undergoing a renaissance due to investment from its new owner, Tata Motors of India.
“It’s constant traffic,” said Denise Metzger, the manager.
To the extent that conventions are now mostly just three-night advertisements for the party’s nominee, the Democrats are off to a reasonably impressive start.
Judges are supposed to look alert and neutral.
WHEN Mitt Romney told the guests at a fund-raiser in Florida in May that America is divided between people who pay no income taxes and depend on government and pretty much everyone else, he missed the deeper truth.
“Everyone is trying to approach this in a constructive and rational way.
PIRANHA 3DD Man- (but preferably, woman-) eating fish invade a water park in this frankly exploitative sequel to the 2010 remake of Joe Dante’s 1978 “Piranha.” John Gulager directed; with Christopher Lloyd, Ving Rhames, Gary Busey and David Hasselhoff as himself.
Even if this could be known, perhaps with the help of some sort of neurological scan, collecting such knowledge would violate an individual’s freedom of thought.
But if someone is coming up behind you and you want to get out of their way to help them out and you used a short cut, that would be an acceptable thing.
“Tori, you are just such an inspiration,” Ms. Palin said.
What is literally true is that we philosophers value knowledge, like our colleagues in other departments.
Using a Password manager program—a small database where you can enter and store all your account user names and passwords—might help here.
The French artist executed this work two years before his death in 1962.
Many Goldman employees were dreading this year's big reveal.
But would that really be an upset?
There are many other ways, as well, in which what the conservatives call bloated European welfare states are actually very efficient.
Users can alter what the camera focuses on and which part of the frame it adjusts exposure for.
Of course, it helps to have an American star like Tim Howard drawing attention for scoring a goal as a keeper for Everton.
“We have to look at whether someone is trying to financially benefit, or is this an editorial site?” Maser, of the International Olympic Committee, said.
Mr. Trejo pointed out that young males represent most of the deaths in Mexico’s drug war, and that students without any criminal connection have often become the targets of both criminals and the authorities.
Harry Shunk had photographs in the Metropolitan Museum of Art and the Centre Pompidou in Paris, and he worked with some of the great artists of the late 20th century.
In her letter, Alissa Simon, senior programmer at the Palm Springs International Film Festival, praised the institute for providing “a precious neutral space for international cultural exchange.” Corina Suteu, director of the New York office of the institute, which also has offices in cultural centers like Berlin and Paris, said the repercussions would be significant if the changes go through.
The European regulator’s announced intention to release clinical study reports after it finishes reviewing a manufacturer’s application is an important precedent.
And they find it much harder to work under the heavy scrutiny in Manhattan for higher-paying jobs.
Collins said he was not sure who would fill in for Torres in center — the leading candidate is probably Scott Hairston — but he did say that Ruben Tejada would be the team’s leadoff hitter in Torres’s absence.
I doused it in pika, the local pepper sauce, and chased it with a Bacardi, then watched neighborhood children play soccer as the sun took its leave.
The Commerce Department’s third and final estimate Thursday of growth for July through September was increased from its previous estimate of a 2.7 percent annual growth rate.
Irvington Town Hall Theater, 85 Main Street.
But the 16-year-old Douglas skyrocketed to the top of the sport in a matter of five months.
Board members of the Freedom of the Press Foundation include Daniel Ellsberg, the whistle-blower who disclosed the Pentagon Papers; Glenn Greenwald, a journalist who writes about civil liberties for The Guardian; John Perry Barlow, a co-founder of the Electronic Frontier Foundation; Xeni Jardin of the Web site Boing Boing; and John Cusack, an actor who has been a vocal opponent of government secrecy.
As it is, nearly 85 percent of the coming installment of bailout aid has been set aside to shore up Greek banks, which have virtually stopped lending.
But all of that was forgotten Saturday against the Rangers when Green’s power-play blast from the top of the right face-off circle eluded goalie Henrik Lundqvist.
MADISON Museum of Early Trades and Crafts “Orphan to Apprentice: Child Indentures as Social Welfare,” on government apprenticing of orphans and pauper children through the 19th century.
128, tadatheater.com ; $15; $8 for 16 and under; $25 and $15 for premium seats.
The Bills’ defense, which endured two of the worst games in N.F.L.
Then we changed some takes to find the right gesture, the right expressions.
The austerity-strapped government has little in its arsenal to help other troubled lenders, and borrowing in the market has become prohibitively expensive, at around 6.5 percent for 10-year debt.
That’s the real joke.” More than a year after the Arab Spring, Qatar — a peninsula jutting out of a peninsula, with little in the way of common culture or national identity — is gleaming.
Should the private equity firm choose the latter, it would receive up to $9.33 million in termination fees and expense reimbursements.
One of those students sued the university and the state over the constitutionality of the election rules.
More surprisingly, however, Wilkinson is just as critical of the jurisprudence of original understanding, embraced by Justices Antonin Scalia and Clarence Thomas.
But this year, Vanderbilt hits the postseason soaring after its first SEC tournament championship, sealed with a 71-64 win over Kentucky last Sunday for the conference’s automatic bid.
North Carolina’s high-tempo offense, captained by standout point guard Kendall Marshall, is a nothing short of a spectacle when operating smoothly.
The dish that inspired those dreams was the super white roll, a beautiful creation of spicy white tuna and what the restaurant calls crunch, similar to a tempura coating, topped with more white tuna and a zippy wasabi sauce.
The couture feeling was all there in the membrane-like fabrics, but the sense of energy was a complete rush.
Well, you refused to talk to us about it for four months, so sorry, but before this deal got done you were going to understand how important pensions are.
He is a son of Sara S. Robin of Nashville and the late William H. Robin.
We’ll never know the extent of the injuries because hockey players don’t talk about stuff like that.
“Yesterday, according to the railway authorities’ estimates, 600 to 700 people from the northeast left Pune,” said Sanjeev Singhal, an assistant police commissioner, who added that the police had met with students from the northeast, religious leaders and government officials.
American officials agreed to provide at least temporary shelter, but the pickup almost went awry: Chinese security cars trailed their vehicle, forcing them to sweep Mr. Chen into their car from another vehicle and race through the streets of the capital to the embassy.
Mr. Akula blamed his own “focus on scaling S.K.S.’s model” without anticipating the “potential downside” — in other words, trying to grow the business without looking at the harmful consequences of pushing for growth.
Banks in the United States and Europe are already working to meet the new capital requirements, and have been selling noncore assets, paring back lending and reworking their balance sheets to find new sources of cash.
Although Mr. Mullet did not directly participate, prosecutors labeled him the mastermind of the assaults, in which groups of his followers invaded the homes of victims, threw them down and sheared their beards and hair.
Other traditions there, like Rosanne Cash’s series of acoustic performances, are more recent — and are a stretch from Tibetan Buddhism — yet are part of the institution just the same.
The Field Library Children’s Room, 4 Nelson Avenue.
One of them pissed his pants.
That made the case the most sensational in a series of charges against the family of Bo Xilai , who was until March the Chongqing party chief and seen as one of the handful of rising leaders slated to run China.
Eli Manning’s desperation touchdown pass to Hakeem Nicks to end the second quarter gave the Giants a 10-point lead.
However eloquent, inhabitants of these parts of the world are underrepresented and, at times, badly represented, as with a Chinese tour guide who adds only an unhappy caricature to the mix.
Elisa might feel that her experience has passed beyond her understanding, but even the most conventional life occasionally presents the same feeling.
Of course, if George Steinbrenner were still around, the Yankees’ lineup might look a little more imposing.
The state here did neither.” People on both sides of the issue said the court’s decision would change the course of the nation’s debate over whether people — especially those with a terminal illness or a painful medical condition — should be allowed to end their life and whether helping someone commit suicide is a medical issue or a moral one.
What was I looking for?
“You build on everything you’ve done over your career, different games you played in,” Richards said.
Will the success of this series really depend on providing some sort of closure?
“When a horse reaches the end of its working life, mounted branch officers find it a suitable retirement home,” the statement said.
It signifies that you’re busy making things that are really, really important to the world, which is what Silicon Valley believes, and hey – you don’t really care what you look like.
That improbable species, the 1970s rock star, was alive and high-kicking as Aerosmith headlined Nassau Coliseum on Sunday night, sharing a bill with Cheap Trick.
It was the first 40-point game of his career — playoff or regular season — and just his eighth time crossing the 30-point plateau.
Some do so for dramatic reasons.
Brahms wrote the Third while on holiday in the Austrian countryside, and unlike his previous symphonies, it was warmly received.
Just like some of the effects of climate change, some of these health effects are still down the pipeline.
“It must have to do with owning a house.
Dodge said when the 2013 Dodge Dart went into production, there were already more than 150 Mopar parts and accessories available for the compact sedan.
“I hope this does for you what it does for me,” he says, formally.
In the 2012 Republican primary, Catholics made up 36 percent of the voters in the primaries.
The exhibition, a collapsible hospital room, cheekily plays Vandevorst runway shows on a television mounted at the foot of the bed.
David Elder, honey voiced and Don Draper handsome, shines brightest — smooth in B-grade Gene Kelly, credible in Gower Champion adagio, not quite zany enough for Danny Kaye antics.
She said that she was not sure who was to blame, but that someone needed to be held responsible.
The matter was thrown out by the lower court after Asian American failed to retain lawyers to press the case — effectively giving up.
“Everybody can’t start,” Woodson said.
“Everybody touches everybody else’s pieces.
Baker brought the Reds to the playoffs two years ago, only to watch them be dispatched in three games by the Philadelphia Phillies.
The Eagles’ linebackers aren’t that big.
DANBURY The Gallery at Still River Editions “Orientation,” prints by Bernard Boffi.
Pineda and Kuroda join C. C. Sabathia, Ivan Nova, Freddy Garcia and Phil Hughes on the roster of starting pitchers.
Here, on canvases measuring up to 22 feet wide, figurative elements rendered with graffiti-like spontaneity blur into luminous, acridly colorful hazes and moods of cosmic delirium.
At a certain moment in Hollywood, Theodore and Dagne ruled the town.
The assets will remain frozen until the court rules on whether it will enforce a judgment of more than $18 billion against Chevron in Ecuador .
Schubert wrote the sonatas in the months before his death, at 31, part of a burst of brilliant activity while his health faltered.
has introduced an open data platform called HealthData.gov , where anyone can access a catalog of free health-related data sets from a range of federal agencies.
At the United Nations climate change talks in Doha, India is taking an active role in asking developed nations to commit to ambitious carbon dioxide emission cuts and pledge money to combat the global challenge.
LOUDERMAN I switched schools in high school, so I’ve been the outsider certainly, and the way she feels about cheerleading is the way I felt about musical theater.
“Sounds like it’s not going well,” said Bruce Blanning, the executive director of the Professional Engineers in California Government, a labor union.
Now based in Brooklyn, Ahmed most recently landed campaigns for Gap, AllSaints and L’Oreal.
When voters Tuesday were asked which candidate best understands the problems of average Americans, preliminary exit polls find Mr. Romney trailing Mr. Gingrich and Mr. Santorum in Alabama, and Mr. Gingrich in Mississippi.
continues throttling Clemson over the next eight-plus minutes, I will give very strong consideration to ranking them No.
She has no health insurance .
She said “genre-specific programming” — like a series of piano recitals or voice recitals — was being phased out; not “generic-specific.” • An entry in the “What’s On Today” television highlights on Thursday about the new Lifetime series “7 Days of Sex” erroneously included Amanda de Cadenet as the host.
He was a fixture as well on British television, working as a ''royal correspondent'' for ITV.
A few examples: $1 billion from special education funds; $2.3 billion from low-income rental assistance, likely affecting 277,000 households; $86 million from food safety and inspection; $735 million from the F.B.I.
(This girl turned out to be invented.)
Like any vacationing couple, hardly a minute of Cozart’s stay will go unoccupied.
“We’re letting them know we’re looking at them,” said Mr. Boscovich after participating in the Pennsylvania raid, in Scranton.
In his disregard for the proprieties, he’s like some of the characters he’s created in these bizarre but lively pages.
At his own news conference, Mayor Michael R. Bloomberg said the rules had not been intended to close shelter doors, but rather to ask applicants to show that they indeed were in need of assistance.
Most important, model how to talk about sensitive topics by being honest and open yourself and by being respectful and even-handed with different points of view.
Rather, it is consistent with Norway ’s general approach to criminal justice.
It should be interesting to see what Martino, a former U.S. national team midfielder, does in this sideline role.
$2 to $5; members, free.
It would seem unlikely that a Howard-less Magic (4-6 since his injury) could do much to stop a loaded Pacers frontcourt of Danny Granger , Roy Hibbert and David West .
Burnett must pass a physical exam, which is expected to take place Sunday.
To learn more, read the full story, “As Women Grow Older, Daughter Becomes the Favorite.”
Sean Sweeney, who has lived in the area since 1976, recalled a tight-knit community of artists and factory workers, deserted after dark — a place where couples could make love in doorways without attracting attention.
Neither the Fighting Irish nor the Cardinal should be deterred by the weather, relying on defense and ground-game offense.
In 2009, Medford’s mayor, Michael J. McGlynn, received a phone call from Mr. Bloomberg’s sister, Marjorie Tiven.
He is Diamond Dave Whitaker, not Diamond Dan.
The city’s franchise committee had been scheduled to vote on the deal on Wednesday but delayed the vote one week after the office of the Bronx borough president, Ruben Diaz Jr. , asked for more time to review the project.
If I find a worker to replace Bill on the shop floor, I have the potential to do more production to cover some of that cost.
With Peyton Manning injured and out for the year, the Colts sank to 2-14 this season, less than two years after their most recent Super Bowl appearance.
“It’s always tough when it gets to that point in the game, and a team is just running time off the clock,” Reese said.
The six-room hotel with its saltwater infinity pool and tropical grounds is representative of the kind of small-scale enterprises that have been spreading across southwestern Cambodia.
The more complicated — in some cases, dangerous — the pose appears, the less inclined a viewer will be to anticipate a landing.
“Just let him play with it for five minutes, Allan, and then it’ll be your turn.” And when she grew touchy about parenting strategies — Anne favors structure and strict rules; Miguel is inclined to be lenient — Miguel listened quietly, then conceded that his relaxed approach might be “optimistic.” It certainly seemed so.
“My father is a professor of history at Columbia, so I grew up around books,” Lynch said.
During this period, growth created some new jobs, thanks to the government’s rural employment scheme, which guarantees 100 days of paid employment a year.
The coals burned low and hot, charring the steaks and the lobster tails, which Mark doused with vermouth from one of the vacuum-sealed bags.
2, as polished and poised as the original.
And there was yet another thing on everyone’s mind: the wild elephants that had been roaming nearby, which can be quite dangerous.
He swerves through an opponent’s zone, running down loose pucks until he can bang them in or feed them to teammates who can score.
Although populists have depicted Mr. Monti and his government as a puppet of Europe and the banks, many Italians support him as a needed change from politics as usual.
And we need a Euro-Atlantic security community that is able to unite North America, Europe and Russia strategically.
“Presumably, turnout will drop significantly, meaning a larger percentage of the voters will be foaming-at-the-mouth freak shows — a k a the Tea Party.
Composed of boys from the Montclair area, most of whom expect to play in college, the Gauchos have served the kind of alternative path to an academy program that Averbuch, now playing in Sweden, referred to.
This photo is the exact opposite.
The World Bank’s 25-member board will interview all three candidates in the coming weeks and plans to announce its new president by the I.M.F.-World Bank meetings in mid-April.
She graduated from the University of Florida and received a medical degree from the University of Miami.
These products were born to fail .
So the partnerships have been saving artists time.
On Monday night, in front of about 1,000 people at the Royal Oak Music Theater, Kid Rock did just that, after Mr. Romney introduced him as “a son of Detroit,” “a friend” and “a guy who makes great music.”
“It took me three years to get a good vegetable guy” in Copenhagen, he said.
Woman!’ (closes on Monday) Painting with deft, wide-brush strokes, Ms. Kruglyanskaya depicts full-figured young women in short, tight dresses and colorful, wildly patterned bathing suits in action and in repose.
Greek officials insisted Tuesday that the reason to pay largely had to do with the fact that Greece was lacking a government.
“I’ll call the crew,” he said.
Onstage the drama alternates between two dancing heroines: Dido, queen of Carthage, and the Sorceress.
At a minimum, we need to implement the “Buffett Rule,” the concept that Americans making more than $1 million a year should pay at least 30 percent of their income in taxes.
Wall Street analysts had forecast $1.02 billion in the latest quarter.
(Brantley) ★ ‘Wit’ Cynthia Nixon gives a large, lucid and delicate performance in this immaculately staged (and inevitably moving) revival of Margaret Edson’s Pulitzer Prize -winning drama from 1998 about a terminally ill English professor.
In her three-page ruling, Judge Preska, of United States District Court in Manhattan, recited the tangled history of the case.
Another four consulting firms are auditing the 14 largest Spanish financial institutions, with those results not expected before the end of July.
NBC’s results for its comedy are the hardest to gauge because, while better in every case than last week, they are most likely skewed because NBC stations in two cities, Cleveland and Baltimore, carried an N.F.L.
But the project has been well enough received that Dr. Hidalgo is about to produce a second season including the experimental psychologist Steven Pinker, the internist and social scientist Nicholas Christakis, and the biologist and mathematician Martin Nowak.
So I know it’s possible.” NOTES Dana Vollmer’s 2008 trials were no fun as she failed to qualify for the team despite being a favorite.
But even they, like all other major groups, have recently been doing less overall trading.
His mother died of cancer when he was 17, forcing his father to go on public assistance.
Poem A. E. Stallings, who won a MacArthur Fellowship in 2011, lives in Greece.
DealBook » Cheap Loans Could Spell Long-Term Headaches | Low interest rates have led many corporations to load up on debt, but this could lead to a flood of bankruptcies once maturities hit, writes Stephen J. Lubben in the In Debt column.
; Arstiderna by the Sea: Dockgatan 1 (46-40) 23-3488 arstidernabythesea.se In 2010, one of Malmo's pre-eminent restaurant families opened this spot in a former shipyard.
In some ways, she’s the obvious choice, but she’s approaching 70, and Jennifer is realistic.
Jane, Stanley, Robyn, Margot and Ron
The companies remained mum about their plans until last month, when Motorola announced that it was laying off 4,000 employees , the start of a revamping under its new owner.
I want a wine that tells a story of a place and a people and a culture, that is not the predictable equivalent of a franchise restaurant but more like a little mom-and-pop’s, where you’re not always sure what you’ll find but you know it can have the capacity to inspire.
However, politically speaking, Catholics in Louisiana are more like evangelical Christians than Catholic voters in other states.
Above all, the Proenza Schouler duo seem wired into the 21st century.
Such guarantees should be supported by transparency measures and objective military-technical parameters.
In the 2009 X Games, LaVallee nearly landed the sport’s first double back flip.
The combination of Lionel Messi and Kobe Bryant (not to mention millions of advertising dollars from Turkish Airlines) proved irresistible — the soccer and basketball stars have been enlisted as global brand ambassadors in a campaign called Legends on Board.
“Words are no longer enough to satisfy the Syrian people.
A flop, however, could deal a hearty blow.
As a host, he’s appealingly dry and very quick, easy to enjoy with or without a wink.
Kutsher’s Tribeca , 186 Franklin Street (between Greenwich and Hudson Streets), celebrates its first anniversary with a dinner and concert to benefit hurricane relief efforts on Sunday.
Yet according to the 2010 census, one-quarter of same-sex households are raising children.
But this was the first time I actually put it on the recording.
The beans should be al dente: not yet soft but not hard either.
Ridgefield Theater Barn, 37 Halpin Lane.
The network, which is currently named The Huffington Post Streaming Network, or HPSN for short, was previewed at an event in Manhattan on Thursday.
On Wednesday, the Federal Reserve , which had already promised to keep short-term interest rates near zero until the end of 2014, extended its latest, modest strategy to keep long-term rates down, too.
Our list is a grab-bag of ideas — from designing maps to analyzing border conflicts — and teachers can use the activities in any order, or as a road map for tracking ongoing coverage of geography-related issues .
It matters because Brendon and Chris are professional athletes who are uniquely positioned to help shape opinions and say to fans, to people who may not be focused on this, that gays are just like you and me.” In the past week, Ayanbadejo has been contacted by supporters in Brazil, Norway, England, Australia, Colombia and Ireland.
Representative Jean Schmidt of Ohio hailed him as “electrifying.” Representative Brett Guthrie of Kentucky showed off the autograph he had secured.
If you’re sharing a link on Twitter, it’s best to share it between 11 a.m. and 8 p.m. East Coast time.
A graphic depiction of prostitution, it directly addressed inflammatory themes in the air in New York at the time, like street crime, working-class exploitation and women’s rights.
He appeared more relaxed than usual on Wednesday after having spent Memorial Day at the beach.
White churches, too, have been hostile to gay people and pretended AIDS didn’t exist.
“We Chinese are indeed the most intelligent people in the world,” Mr. Zhong said near the end of his widely broadcast screed.
The pay of faculty members should be greater than any coach at the college.
When Mr. Bo’s wife, Gu Kailai, set up a company in Britain in 2000 to select European architects for Chinese construction projects, Mr. Devillers was her partner.
In “Jarhead,” the best parts of which did cross into that terrain, Swofford describes a type of ammunition called a “boat-tail round,” which contains a high-grain, match-quality bullet with an aerodynamic shape designed to achieve maximum accuracy.
Though he has never received a diagnosis of any disorder, he believes that he has a form of autism.
“We found a lot of borderline cases,” he said.
I don’t know how people are going to vote.
Of the five disciplines that make up the modern pentathlon — fencing, swimming, riding, shooting and running — the equestrian show jumping phase is Kurosu’s favorite, though it was her main misery on Sunday.
As Greek political leaders assembled a caretaker government Wednesday to usher in new elections next month, bankers across Athens were monitoring a worrisome development: the continued flight of billions of euros from the country amid renewed concern over Greece ’s fate within the euro currency union.
The law was rendered unenforceable nearly a decade ago by a United States Supreme Court ruling, but it remains enshrined in the state’s legal code.
The proposal, for instance, sketched out the sequence of compliance dates for several crucial rules, including those that decide the scope of the clearing requirement, the extent the rules will apply overseas and definitions underpinning much of the overhaul.
But Republicans like Representative Joe Barton of Texas blasted it.
Target currently sells some Apple products, like iPads and iPods, but it does not sell Macintosh computers.
It — we’ve got to deal with it.
I was there nightly, you see.
We have all failed as a unit.” Even Dravid, brilliant in England, where he played three innings of 100 or more in four matches, has looked vulnerable in Australia, consistently getting bowled for low scores.
J-E-T-S. Just End This Season!
Mr. Harcourt renders Dr. Livesey (Daniel Mays), who joins Jim on the treasure hunt, as a Cowardly Lion figure; for most of the going, he is hardly deserving of respect.
He exited the 1989 Democratic mayoral primary feet-first, with 4 percent of the vote.
She now rotates between classrooms at the modest school in Gobang, teaching English, math and Indonesian to grades one through six.
Although very different in style from Mr. Long’s sculpture, works by Oscar Tuazon in Brooklyn Bridge Park also aim to tweak everyday consciousness.
“After the last table read we started talking about the term ‘Grand Poobah,’ how Fred Flintstone and Mr. Cunningham were grand poobahs of their lodges,” he said.
needs to strongly reaffirm the ruling and give employers detailed guidance on how to comply when it meets to consider this issue on Wednesday.
Good stuff, that Kentucky Red.
Among scented candle users, 35 percent over all prefer citrus scents.
The brilliant organist Paul Jacobs is the soloist.
After a haltingly poor performance in the middle of last year, Netflix reported fourth-quarter earnings on Wednesday that exceeded analysts’ expectations and a subscriber uptick that surpassed its own outlook.
The Israeli president’s role is largely ceremonial and plays no part in government decision-making, although Mr. Netanyahu has conferred closely with Mr. Peres on certain issues in the past and Mr. Peres maintains close ties with foreign leaders.
“If you’re living in L.A. and you’re always tan, go for it,” she said.
Does it show that if a powerful party official on the ascent can be brought low than anyone can?
would not be so skittish as to avoid using the word playoff.
“But what was really nice was that we had 27 assists, and the ball floated around and six guys ended up in double figures.
That is in part because of its new Gifts service, which allows users in the United States to buy presents for their friends.
“The young wonderful woman who came here,” Ms. Savvas said, “spent two hours with us.” The online reservation system allows members to post portions of meals that they will be cooking within three days.
John Reseburg, an EA spokesman, said Friday that the countersuit was “predictable subterfuge aimed at diverting attention from Zynga’s persistent plagiarism of other artists and studios.” Last month, EA sued Zynga, saying that its new game “The Ville” infringed EA’s game, “The Sims Social.”
Mr. Horton found solace in the blackness of the tunnels.
It is the successful preservation of the Union and end of slavery for four million slaves that give meaning to the brave men who fought and died during the four years of war.
She worried that he looked so grotesque it would be better for the children not to see their father.
“He brings impeccable literary credentials as well as a rigorous experience editing Harper’s Magazine,” Mr. Sabin said.
It’s not evil that is banal, but its machinery.
In Kabul on Thursday, Afghan officials said a NATO supply convoy had come under heavy attack by Taliban insurgents in western Afghanistan, with 37 dead reported in the firefight and NATO airstrikes that ensued.
The Kurds have reasons enough to bide their time.
“In some cases, commanders here form their own fiefdoms, so it is not a matter of what the government is saying,” she said.
When we venture out on the weekends, it is often for our children’s sports or other organized activities.
“Retrieval forms later,” said Charles Nelson, a professor of pediatrics at Harvard and Boston Children’s Hospital.
He built the program into a national power and has almost single-handedly elevated the stature and visibility of judo in the United States.
This bombshell doesn’t fully explode, though, until he leans over a line of coke and, with his head swooping straight at us — and the camera racing away from him just as fast — snorts it, punctuating the hit with an ecstatic shake of his head, the whites of his eyes shining.
QUESTIONER: Have you thought about the union decertifying?
Instead, those cognoscenti flocked to a pier on the outskirts of the city to see a solo exhibition from the Chinese artist and activist Ai Weiwei at Magasin 3 ( magasin3.com ; admission, 60 Swedish kronor, about $8.85 at 6.8 krona to the dollar), a gallery in an industrial warehouse near the ferry terminal where cruise ships arrive from Riga and St. Petersburg .
This, too, is an idea that has been widely accepted.
“It’s a tricky little dance sometimes,” Michael grumbles to himself before he cleans out the gutters, “but it’s preferable to the perils of endless monogamy or constant whoring.” There may be women couples in open marriages, but it’s less common.
without incurring an additional cost.” With 53 players in an N.F.L.
The recommendation by the antitrust advisory panel, which is not binding, is the latest sign that the regulatory obstacles in the way of the deal may be insurmountable.
House Democrats starting their third terms are routinely given chairmanships.
SAG HARBOR Bay Street Theater Hamptons Take 2 Documentary Film Fest.
In the North, similar, if less draconian, legal changes, generally sponsored by Republicans, targeted (among others) the millions of immigrant workers pouring into the country.
persons with family ties here in the United States deported” because immigration officers were unaware of the policy on gay families.
Not a hair’s width separates the cow and calf, and the wolves are just 20 feet away.
He needs Ocean to help him find the bus; Ocean needs Jay to get him back to his tour.
“It is not about time in office, which I think is the wrong way of looking at government,” she said at a news conference.
He soon began fashioning gated communities in California , with houses and grounds in the likeness of his paintings.
David Nolan Gallery, 527 West 29th Street, (212) 925-6190, davidnolangallery.com .
Several of them have rotated through the different spheres of his life: going from the company to City Hall and back again or, in the case of one of his closest confidants, Patricia E. Harris, serving simultaneously as his No.
If the deal fails, the International Monetary Fund is unlikely to sign off on last week’s debt agreement, raising the possibility that other European countries might follow suit.
Only Britain and the Czech Republic are opting out of the treaty.
Metcalfe laughed and responded that there weren’t many people around who even remembered that.
And they put me through a lot of drills and that’s why I arrived at the first race and I was able to do good things.” The double world champions Fernando Alonso and Sebastian Vettel, currently first and second in the championship, entered the series more slowly.
One talked of waiting for days for a scheduled chat, another about catching him at a moment when he was clearly not into the matter at hand.
Inside, the windowless dining room was a clutter of evocative paintings.
Reservations are taken one month in advance.
Dylan Lauren of Dylan’s Candy Bar has designed a collection of colorful blankets that will be exclusive to the SoHo store, with all proceeds going to an animal rescue center.
“ ‘Eat Pray Love’ is unlikely to change anybody’s life or even to provoke emotions anywhere near as intense as those experienced, early and late, by its intrepid heroine,” A. O. Scott wrote in The Times.
It was midterm week on Princeton’s leaf-littered campus, heaping another layer of distraction onto a team suddenly burdened with expectations.
One of their young sons was urinating against the house Monday afternoon, as he had been instructed to do in the absence of a working toilet.
“Two different teams from yesterday to today,” he said.
Meeting with Republican Congressional leaders on Friday, President Obama said he would not sign any bill to extend those top rates, which were lowered by President George W. Bush.
(David Rooney) ‘Annie’ (previews start on Wednesday; opens on Nov. 8) Lilla Crawford plays the ginger-topped moppet bounced between the tyranny of Katie Finneran’s boozing orphanage den mother, Miss Hannigan, and the promise of a home and family with the billionaire Daddy Warbucks, played by Anthony Warlow.
In a statement, the opponents say that these statements should not be redacted, so that the public can make informed comment and make suggestions to the F.C.C.
They didn’t use abusive language.
She has been working on her Nobel lecture only for the last week or so, she said.
HAMILTON Grounds for Sculpture “Ming Fay: Canutopia,” mixed media.
“It was not ‘I’m going to get the bad guys’ kind of thing.
and its regular officials, “It’s time for it to be over.” Carroll’s team, it should be noted, won the game.
Step by step, in a series of operations, Dr. Murray and his colleagues reconstructed and repositioned Mr. McMillan’s jaw so that for the first time he could swallow normally, control saliva and smile.
MR. BILLINGSLEY I don’t know.
The government wants to increase the annual university tuition of $2,144 by $321 a year for five years.
Morgan Stanley has beat its longtime rival Goldman Sachs for the coveted “lead-left” position for Facebook’s initial public offering, according to people with knowledge of the matter, who spoke on condition of anonymity because the matter was private.
And if we still have a chance to win, we’re playing to win.
The Gators were also helped by a 15-yard face mask penalty, and got just enough from QB Driskel to keep the Tigers honest.
We hope you’re doing the same.
(Chinen) Jeff Lederer’s Swing N’ Dix (Wednesday) Jeff Lederer is a tenor saxophonist of far-flung interests, from 19th-century Shaker music to 1960s free jazz.
And I won’t be the only one.
But the acknowledgment is good.” “There’s a quote,” he said.
When the futures agency adopted the limits last fall, it did so in the face of stiff opposition on Wall Street.
The Saints, who could hear this week about discipline in the bounty scandal, and the Raiders were determined to have violated the unwritten rules to a lesser degree, and will not receive the additional cap room.
That same post-2007 experience raises the possibility that D.C. has become/is becoming a kind of safe economic harbor in troubled times — a place professionals feel secure relocating to, and businesses feel safe investing in, because they know that the federal government’s sheer size, borrowing power and penchant for countercyclical spending will cushion them during downturns.
Sundays, Tuesdays, Wednesdays and Thursdays, 2 to 10 p.m.; Fridays and Saturdays, 2 to 11 p.m. Real Art Ways, 56 Arbor Street.
“It’s clear we’re not speaking the same language.” No new talks are scheduled.
Ansonia Nature Center, 10 Deerfield Road.
In a mud room, he used smooth, round river rocks as tiles.
IT’S been a rough few years for Bordeaux in the United States.
All heads are craned south, except perhaps that of the donkey — the Mackenzies’ donkey — which had been led by a rope from its pen atop Barrow Street to join the crowd, a hand-lettered sign of welcome strapped to its back.
(“Not going to happen,” he said.)
Staff members said that additional volunteers were flying in from out of state to join the cause and that donation pledges were coming in at an unprecedented rate.
It will be a wise investment.
Mr. Met, history will show, was actually the Mets’ second mascot.
Binh Nguyen Ngoc, a professor of Asian cultures and linguistics at Hanoi National University, says young people in Vietnam, also a major rice exporter, are fleeing the farms.
He arrived in town Sunday night and said he planned to stay for a few days.
The concourse on the eighth floor will feature more concession stands and bathrooms.
He’s probably watched more tennis than all the kids here combined.” When Francis was 8, Mikhail Kouznetsov was hired to coach at the club’s Junior Tennis Champions Center.
That’s a little less than the number of registered voters who live in a single, modest-sized city like Newark.
But the gray area is harder.
American enthusiasm for international accounting standards appears to have waned.
I have explained to them many times that accuracy is important, because that is the only way we can determine whether our pricing spreadsheets are kicking out reasonable estimates.
If the readers who embraced the square-looking Peter Parker didn’t mind, maybe it was partly because this awkward outsider spoke to his times, having been bitten by a radioactive spider the same year the United States conducted 36 atmospheric nuclear weapon tests over the Pacific.
Nov. 7 at 6:30 p.m. $10 and $20.
Tedeschi would love to see better studies.
Andrew Cuomo set an inspiring example last year with his successful fight to allow same-sex couples to marry in New York.
Stronger federal rules are plainly needed.
It has not been too Islamic; it is just proving to be too Turkish.
The app triggers the phone’s vibration module at exactly the right frequencies to make the phone turn on the table.
His power never goes to his head.
It will be harder to get word to the ragtag opposition units as opposed to a standing army, diplomats said Mr. Annan told the council.
She won 16 world championship and Olympic medals, including five medals at the 1992 Barcelona Games and two gold medals at the 1996 Atlanta Games.
“Mobile gives you that immediacy and convenience.” Instagram, a social network focusing on just that kind of instant photo sharing, does have a Web site — but it is essentially there just to encourage people to download the company’s apps.
“It’s fun and driving, and they are technically very proficient.” Relaxing on throw pillows in their condo-studio in the Pacific beach town of Ixtapa, Rodrigo Sánchez and Gabriela Quintero reflected on their trajectory.
Mike coached my 24-year-old son Ben in coach-pitch baseball when Ben was 7.
Mr. Santorum said he felt better and better as Tuesday night wore on and “we kept seeing, ‘Hey, we won this district and we won that district.’ ’’ By Feb. 7.
His aim was not accurate, either, during the run of play or on set pieces.
I guess at this particular point, this racing keeps me young.
Ms. Soto, an aficionado of vampire movies who, unlike her son, has read all the “Twilight” books — “I wish there were more of them,” she said, “at least two more” — confided that she was Team Edward.
First Congregational Church, 122 Broad Street.
“You have to take what’s there,” Rice said, “and there wasn’t a lot there today.” But the Texans were undone by missed opportunities.
President-elect Mohamed Morsi of the Muslim Brotherhood pre-empted the military’s choreographed swearing-in ceremony by taking an oath of office a day early on Friday, in a televised speech to tens of thousands of supporters in Tahrir Square.
The boutique investment bank Perella Weinberg Partners has hired Joseph D. Gatto as a partner and senior banker focused on the consumer and industrial sectors.
There is no change in the formula.
When Mr. Handwerker wanted to relocate in 1954, he asked his friend Dewey Albert, a residential real estate developer, to be his partner in buying the Feltman property.
Mr. Haddad conceived his debut feature, “When Monaliza Smiled,” as a film that would have the sophistication of an art-house film but also appeal to his mother, he said in an interview.
Theater ANNANDALE-ON-HUDSON The Richard B. Fisher Center for the Performing Arts, Bard College “Stage Blood,” comedy by Charles Ludlam.
“I thought, ‘This is not a going concern.’ I just wasn’t ready.” Now her output from the shed is “God willing, full speed ahead.” Ms. Bloom said she was not the type of writer who set herself a daily quota of pages.
It is at least the second known episode within a year at the prison, commonly known as New Folsom, 20 miles east of Sacramento.
Among the largest deals announced in 2012 are a Japanese consortium’s $7.3 billion purchase of the Royal Bank of Scotland ‘s aircraft leasing unit and Eastman Chemical ‘s $3.4 billion takeover of a fellow chemical maker, Solutia .
Proposed changes would be subject to the vote of USA Hockey’s board of directors, which could come in June.
The terms of the contract are unknown, but a starting salary of $10 million would leave the Nets with about $34 million in cap room, not counting so-called holds for their other free agents.
It provides them to students, some of whom pay to attend the program and some of whom receive scholarships.
program, designed by Tradeworx, is set to go into operation at the end of this year.
In between, on Feb. 12, the early-music pioneer David Douglass and his Newberry Consort will provide a break from the German masters with music from Shakespeare’s world.
While the Giants were winning in Indianapolis, another triumph was unfolding on West 72nd Street.
But Olmstead is a novelist, and a very good one.
“Some people have opined that this is high-risk, low-return investing,” he said.
So far the violence in Afghanistan has followed the logic of warfare rather than terrorism.
so much as train one in its uses.
“Obviously this is the biggest tournament of the year.
But mall vacancies declined and auto sales stayed strong with Ford reporting truck sales at their best pace since 2007.
“The underlying message, the assumption, is that if you’re a responsible and committed employee, you can’t have any family responsibilities,” she said.
homeaway.com ; (877) 225-6723 VRBO.COM Owned by HomeAway, VRBO charges $349 a year, which covers 16 photos, reviews, a video tour and management tools, among other things.
French said the different personalities made it work.
If the only thing you ever learned about Truman was from “Untold History,” you might conclude he was a virulent racist, mentally unfit for office and suffering from a gender confusion that led to mass murder.
But fully to appreciate what he does, it’s best to turn to YouTube.
Last year, David wrote a Lives essay for the magazine about the psychic toll that waiting for news takes on someone in the throes of a prolonged medical crisis.
Russia relies mostly on force and economic subsidies to quell resistance, but the strategy has not worked.
It’s a quietly breathtaking effect, and it tallies with O’Neill’s statement that in this play the hero was not a person but “the spirit of the sea — a big thing.” “Moon,” which depicts a clumsy, drunken revel on the Glencairn, docked off a West Indies island, was revolutionary in 1918 for its lack of traditional plot.
After completing his military commitment in 1948 he became the founding editor of The Catholic War Veteran and sports copy editor of the Providence Journal.
It is worth noting two implications of this claim, one repugnant, the other doubtfully coherent.
But only at the fair can you see mini-shows of all of these artists in close proximity to one another: Ms. Sherman’s vampy “Murder Mystery” photo collages (at the Metro Pictures booth) across the aisle from Ms. Woodman’s hiding-in-plain-sight self-portraits (at Marian Goodman), for example.
Still, it’s a complicated job in a troubled industry, and his portfolio could grow even bigger should rumors about Mr. Murdoch’s interest in buying The Los Angeles Times turn out to be true.
The pipelines would deliver the water straight to the conveyances in the south, largely replacing a system that pumps water from the murkier southern part of the 500,000-acre delta, disturbing the fragile ecosystem.
“An international art fair adds momentum,” he continued.
Mulled wine, known as glogg, is included in the prices but not tax or tip.
The new currency could be converted to euros on a one-for-one basis and then the currency would be allowed to devalue.
Everyone else affiliated with the production was, including the fight choreographer and two assistant directors, but not me.
The protests came as pressure from international sanctions caused a sudden plunge in the value of Iran’s currency, the rial, which has in turn played havoc with the buying and selling of foreign currency, angering merchants and the capital’s black-market money-changers , who work along Ferdowsi Avenue in central Tehran.
Both he and Mr. Zelin observed that in recent weeks several major jihadist Web sites have gone silent.
Mr. Ackman will have writ large to make additional changes at the $13 billion railroad company.
The current war effort relies heavily on drones and night raids in Afghanistan and Pakistan , but these tactics often increase radicalization and enmity.
Little Shubert Theater, 422 West 42nd Street, Clinton, (212) 239-6200, telecharge.com .
A secretary at the school said the bird might be theirs.
The government also said it was the victim of repeated attacks, with the official Syrian Arab News Agency reporting that 15 members of the security forces who had been killed were buried on Saturday.
Can we get proper nutrition from eating food alone?
This is the logic of all imperialists and reactionaries the world over, and they cannot go against it.
Instead of aid, trade is the new mantra, and with Mr. Johnson’s visit, Britain appears to be losing no time.
As of July 2012, nearly a quarter of the program’s roughly 3,000 members said they had given up their cars or decided against buying one because of the car share.
The idea is to attract and motivate partners with a shared set of values who want to dedicate their life to the firm, and not just look for the next big thing themselves.
In our photograph, lesser celandine provides a jolt of color.
We were sitting in a guard shack, waiting for vehicles to search and IDs to check.
“This has a symbolic value,” he said, “just as we require a certain modicum of dress for the people that attend this court.” That was a curious statement in light of the court’s leading precedent on the subject of what may be worn in a courtroom.
The company said in its filing that some of the slowdown in revenue growth was because ad revenue was strong toward the end of a calendar year and then trailed off in the next quarter.
And there was no room in my adult life for a dog.
I think I will be performing just as much in Chicago now as when I lived there,” Ms. Mitchell said.
If you cannot get to London to see the crown jewels, their American cousins are on view in an N.F.L.
But we did see crews pruning hedges, expanding a parking lot and building that themed pub, in anticipation of the coming crowds.
To help recruits learn the business, Drexel Hamilton apprentices them to securities industry professionals with decades of experience.
Careless buyers play Russian roulette, but those who look for credentialed sites can purchase safe drugs at a significant discount.
Mr. Hasenstab has been an evangelist for Ireland’s stoic response to the crisis.
She graduated from Rutgers and received a master’s in social work from Columbia.
Mr. Holmes spent much of the hearing gazing wide-eyed in front of him or staring at the floor, glancing once at the ceiling lights.
For dessert, Ms. Minter ordered the Paris-Brest, a pastry wheel filled with hazelnut butter cream ($15); and pumpkin tres leches ($10).
They danced in many of the big Manhattan nightclubs and she once approached Fred Astaire at the Palladium and got him to dance with her, she said.
So the outcome says SOMETHING about gay marriage.
He has set aside another $300 million to $400 million, he said, to make additional residential and commercial buys in Manhattan.
Doubles from 2,250 hryvnia ($287).
And eucalyptus trees were in abundance: lining the driveway, bordering the soccer field, filling our dorms at night with their intoxicating smell.
As Zola makes her move, around the fifth lap I shoot with the 400, then pick up the 85 as they start to go by me.
— LYNN ZINSER Jordan Ernest Burroughs of the United States, the world champion, became an Olympic champion Friday by winning the gold medal in the men’s freestyle 74kg.
“I believe we are made the way God made man and woman, and man and woman come together to have a union to produce children, which keeps civilization going, and provide the best environment for children to be raised.” He added: “I think that is something society should value and should give privileged status over a group of people who want to have a relationship together.” At least he didn’t compare same-sex partnerships to “man on child” and “man on dog” sex, as he did back in 2003 .
Whom will Pacquiao fight next?
Just to be clear, these are the people and institutions that have produced some of the most cost-effective and powerful technologies ever conceived by the United States.
Are there any you will miss?
Nearly 1 in 7 primary Republican voters are Hispanic.
— Robert Simonson Wine, naturally : Jason Lett recounts in detail an industrial recipe for making the sort of smooth, plush, sweet wines that are commercially popular.
The hedge fund is seeking four board seats at Yahoo.
The $500 million project, designed by the American architect Peter Eisenman, has cost four times its initial budget.
In Canada, with a population of 34 million, 2.6 million viewers tuned in at one time or another last year.
away from their nuclear proliferation treaty that we had with them.
Its wheelbase of nearly 12 feet gave the car a poised, sublime ride.
RIGroup was taken over by a rival company called ORSI, one of whose owners was a bank belonging to President-elect Putin’s former judo coach, Arkady R. Rotenberg.
“The biggest mistake is that patients do not get enough hydration fast enough,” Mr. Pietroni said.
Judging by the details released by Mazda at the show, the 6 seems well equipped for the fight.
Lin had plenty of teammates to pass the ball to.
OUTDOOR SPACE: A covered patio near the front door is roomy enough for a small table, and the front yard includes a perennial garden bordered by a low stone wall.
At one time, a New Yorker rattled by noise and change could seek solace in art, in the visual smoothness and moral sureties of, say, Gilded Age painting, with its lush landscapes, classical tableaus and teatime interiors.
THE NIGHT CIRCUS, by Erin Morgenstern.
For those contributions, we should wish it well.
For many Indian migrants, international and domestic, voting will probably remain a distant dream, at least for the time being.
The mayor vowed to maintain security for New Yorkers of all faiths.
Finally, the budget package should be made available to all lawmakers so they can study the fine print.
“Certainly, this is a tongue-in-cheek event, but I’m definitely serious that I wouldn’t want someone who has that kind of judgment running my country,” he said.
A few days after Playlist, Samantha Rider told me that finally getting to see Meghan Tonjes live was a highly emotional and deeply gratifying experience.
It also does not cover rates for Internet radio, which are in place through 2015 and work under a different, per-stream model.
It’s how you leverage it.” The project is still in early stages.
This is the strategy that has come to be known, unhelpfully, as quantitative easing.
Dire shortages of two critical cancer drugs — shortfalls that have threatened the lives and care of thousands of patients — should be resolved within weeks, federal drug officials said.
One reason is that I like to dog-ear the page when I find a particularly good sentence or passage.
Fuld said that was fine.
His number was retired at New Rochelle High School.
First came his 1961 masterwork “Blood Knot,” and now it moves a half-century forward to Mr. Fugard’s most recent play, in which the title character (Ritchie Coster) enlists the help of a gravedigger (Leon Addison Brown) to help expunge his guilt over a tragedy.
It is required to reduce the size of its Congressional delegation — to 27 from 29, as a result of slow growth identified in the 2010 census.
General Amos said he would limit the initial group to more mature Marines: gunnery sergeants, staff sergeants and company-grade officers, meaning lieutenants or captains.
The concept of assembling a wardrobe for fall, let alone winter, in such conditions seemed light-years away, and yet still I was inexorably drawn to a neoprene-coated black jacket with another gold zipper, this one off-center, and an enormous, enveloping shearling collar.
Protecting children from the cumulative effects of brain trauma demonstrates its commitment to the sport and benefits gained from physical activity, sportsmanship and leadership.
The United States Court of Appeals for the Ninth Circuit affirmed the ruling.
“By no means am I perfect, but if I’ve ever made any mistakes in my life I’ve taken responsibility for my actions.
The number of students in virtual schools run by educational management organizations rose sharply last year, according to a new report being published Friday, and far fewer of them are proving proficient on standardized tests compared with their peers in other privately managed charter schools and in traditional public schools.
Durante o dia, as iniciais da Secretaria Municipal de Habitação e um número são pintados nas paredes das casas com tinta spray.
Nissan was also in bad shape at that time, reporting $2.4 billion in losses.
A few blocks away, almost 300 N.H.L.
He failed to mention, of course, that his policies, and those of his fellow Republicans in Washington, would drive more people into that net — while at the same time shredding it.
More eclectic still, Monastiraki (5478, boulevard St.-Laurent; 514-278-4879; monastiraki.blogspot.com ) sells everything from the ethnic (an Egyptian water pipe; 220 dollars) to the alternative (posters of women with machine heads by the local artist Rupert Bottenberg; 40 dollars).
He made it very clear that his opposition to the Iraq war didn’t mean that he embraced pacifism — not at all.
This version, which flirts with shadows, moves more shakily.
“You always have in the back of your mind that maybe something like this will happen.
The Times and the American Civil Liberties Union have filed Freedom of Information requests to learn more about the drone program, so far in vain.
But the Romney campaign quickly pounced, seizing the remarks as a convenient shorthand to explain why, in their view, the economy is not growing as quickly as it should.
Too much or too intense running, the two cardiologists said, “appears to cause excessive ‘wear and tear’ on the heart.” The editorial got extensive news attention, often tinged with schadenfreude.
Raymond Matiba, a former chairman of the Kenya Tourism Board, participated in Mr. Rabie’s course and wrote: “Often I said to myself that when I got back to my normal life I would never again take all the luxuries and creature comforts that I am privileged to have for granted.
“It was pretty petty.” A month before the 1967 Masters, Jack Dolph, CBS’s director of sports, told Whitaker that he was off the crew.
He championed his friend’s best works as “masterpieces of style,” called his book “God is Not Great” an “extraordinary polemic,” and said he fit comfortably in the tradition of great essayists going back to the 18th century and his work would undoubtedly endure.
HIGH HEELS MYSTERIES BOXED SET, by Gemma Halliday.
Mitt!” Mr. Romney emerged unfazed.
One moment all you want is a warm shower, and the next you are offering your lover your chest to urinate on.” But of course, there’s something deadly serious at work too.
A gray smokestack building loomed several hundred yards away.
Mr. Palmisano says he deflected overtures from Dell and private equity firms, preferring the sale to a company in China for strategic reasons: the Chinese government wants its corporations to expand globally, and by aiding that national goal, I.B.M.
The spokesman advised the Obama administration to “drop the confrontation conception” and “make a bold decision to acknowledge that we also have a right to launch satellites.” Whether Mr. Obama was sincere when he said Monday that the United States had no hostile intent against the North will depend on “whether it applies double standards regarding our satellite launch,” the spokesman said.
The same Pew study cited in the article shows that in the last generation, only about 6 out of 100 poor children actually struck it big.
Both create melodies that draw us in, and then offer up lyrics that tell a story and make us want to stay.
But it’s New York media, so everything is out of proportion.
That was lucky for Mr. Schiff, because Sandy’s high winds sent a crane boom into a dangling position , forcing the closing of the streets surrounding the hall.
Collins doesn’t have one, which may be good for his immediate job security but doesn’t necessarily bode well for the long run.
“I thought it was important for him to dig into one place that could be his own,” Ms. Meiselas said.
I didn’t mean for her to die.
The pattern is seen throughout the state.
James L. McQuivey, a media analyst at Forrester Research, said that as far as gaining regulatory approval, Random House and Penguin should benefit from being the first of the major publishers to merge.
The Israelis have said that at least 79 Israelis have been wounded and that Gaza rockets have reached as far north as Tel Aviv.
This interview with Cathy Choi, president of Bulbrite, a lighting maker and supply company, was conducted and edited by Adam Bryant.
The initiative, promoted through banners and articles in the state news media, encourages citizens to report those suspected of violating the law to the authorities.
The families involved in the lawsuit say that putting the remains inside the walls of a museum is a desecration, and they object to the site’s being 70 feet below ground.
The greatest snake catcher in all of Southern India is a soft-spoken 39-year-old man, also named Suresh.
Mitt Romney, who has clinched the Republican nomination for president, has already promised in campaign ads to stand up to China more vigorously on currency issues.
“Others fear that if they come to the table for an interfaith dialogue, they’re going to be asked to hang up some aspect of their tradition — or maybe even start to question their faith.” That’s not his experience.
Few Americans want to see their fellow citizens suffer.
My point wasn’t that I hate millennials — my four children have all been living at home with me in this tough time, and I’m there for them.
Then you must understand the nuances.
Didier Dumas Patisserie, 163 Main Street, Nyack; didierdumas.com , (845) 353-2031.
The margin of error on a 250- or 300-person subsample is enormous: about plus or minus six percentage points.
Instead, the school has started assigning course-specific video tutorials as homework to its 2,700 students, who come from middle-class families with Internet access at home.
It eschewed complexity for intimacy.
And because 02 sits in a region known for having one of the heaviest snowfalls and longest winters in South Korea, the base is reliably thick during the season, from December to March.
Green Glass Green, for example, is able to stage only two collection rounds a week.
And 85 percent of that traffic was from the U.K., so not relevant.
As Mr. Messina explained , his campaign made an “unparalleled” $100 million investment in technology, demanded “data on everything,” “measured everything” and ran 66,000 computer simulations every day.
Finally, the Gallup national tracking poll shows Mr. Obama one point ahead: a fairly good result for him, since that poll has also had somewhat Republican-leaning results this cycle.
Here’s exports and imports as a percentage of US GDP: There’s a brief surge in exports in the late 1940s; that’s the Marshall Plan.
What could it be for?
But Mohai, as the museum calls itself, did not just relocate.
Document Study: Submariners Under Pressure.
4:54 p.m. | Updated Our colleague Elizabeth Bumiller reports that Defense Secretary Leon E. Panetta is unhurt and safe in Kabul after his trip there got off to an unscripted start.
For long moments his garrulous “Godot” is every bit as dark as the theatrical original.
Instead, it plays to Ms. Semple’s strengths as someone who can practice ventriloquism in many voices, skip over the mundane and utterly refute the notion that mixed-media fiction is bloggy, slack or lazy.
“She would give me the old kick in the rib cage.” Though he was unable to attend the W.G.U.
A solo home run by Adrian Gonzalez was his only blemish, and it snapped a scoreless streak of 161/3 innings.
Here in the state of Tamaulipas, more than 1,100 people were killed in cartel-related violence in the first nine months of 2011, according to statistics compiled by the Mexican government and published by the Trans-Border Institute at the University of San Diego.
Karita Mattila’s Loewe track turns out to be “I Could Have Danced All Night.” Wrong Loewe.)
All the instrumental tracks were recorded live, often in a single take; in most cases the vocalist was there too.
The clip-art photographs of obsolete household objects and objectionable clothing items, seeming to date from sometime in the early 1980s when nothing looked good.
“He was the chief justice, by the way,” Chief Justice Roberts said.
Staff members in the charter school division of the Georgia Department of Education keep notepads in their offices inscribed with a mantra: “Is it best for students?
How to read this transmission from the brain of the chef, Corey Cova?
But even after accounting for these and other variables, the researchers found that the odds of a nonfatal injury were 28 percent lower among workers with paid sick leave .
Bluebird walk; presentation followed by walk through bird’s habitat.
At the same time, she voiced suspicions that the fires were arsons intended to undermine the country’s garment industry.
...The Nets will not practice Tuesday, their first day off since camp began.
I do not evaluate here Mr. Han-yi Shaw’s selection and interpretation of documents from the nineteenth century and before, because they are irrelevant to the estoppel over the most recently recognized border.
The sense of fun in Park Slope, it seems, has since evolved.
Mom, your love and compassion continue to inspire us.
Your act may or may not help change football, but if you feel as your letter suggests, it will keep you from directly participating in something at odds with your own personal values.
— Ben Hoffman — BHH Facebook and Twitter are already filling up with Patriots fans declaring it Red Sox season.
“It certainly doesn’t seem to address the many systemic issues that were at the heart of the protests,” said Ruti G. Teitel, an expert on transitional justice at New York Law School.
Eddie Johnson, Seattle Once a forward prospect on par with the best in American soccer, Johnson has instead had a career marked by inconsistency and bench-sitting.
And no team has won even two games after losing the first three games.
But Mr. Putin said he agreed with fears expressed by Western leaders and United Nations officials that the 15-month-old Syria conflict is hurtling toward civil war, and he asserted that Russia backed neither side despite his country’s longstanding support for the Syrian government, its last significant relationship in the Middle East.
There, Italy’s failure started with the appointment of Marcello Lippi, a decision based on the lure of nostalgia rather than the prudence of pragmatism.
that throats of men should be torne out for his sake.” Barry shows how controversial these beliefs were at the time, and in this way reinforces the standard image of Williams as an early proponent of liberty of conscience.
Down the block, a group of four friends from England took pictures of the bright lights of the Hard Rock Cafe, which was, however, closed.
Buyers jumped into the fray right from the beginning, often bidding with a fury utterly disproportionate to the art that was on the block.
Even now, the episode — which one Congressional official described as “a ‘Bourne Supremacy’ plot” — risks straining relations as the White House hopes to manage China’s rise and enlist its support on issues like the nuclear ambitions of North Korea and Iran and the government crackdown in Syria.
And not just any beer.
Variety reported , and an Academy official on Tuesday confirmed, that the deadline for the 160 members of the documentary branch to submit their picks had been extended to Nov. 26 from Nov. 14.
Rafael has stumbled upon a little girl who’s as wide-awake as can be, a girl involved in multiple conversations with both the past and the present, the actual and the imagined.
He does not have the bully pulpit or the historic candidacy that have allowed Ms. Quinn to garner much of the attention thus far, but he is also freer to run with the voice of a populist outsider, despite having held public office for years.
AN UNIDENTIFIED WOMAN , 59, died in Trenton of carbon monoxide poisoning.
I'm trying to get out of the spotlight.
A 1953 graduate of Augustana College in South Dakota, Mr. Bruns received a master’s degree from the Yale School of Drama and studied at the Old Vic Theater School in England.
“These drownings were avoidable,” Mr. Benepe said.
But I feel good about myself, my health, my strength and my golf game.” Singh has won 22 of his 34 PGA Tour titles since his 40th birthday, which has not escaped the attention of Woods, who is 36.
(He said he had already formally left the intelligence service, although a visiting journalist found him there.)
A single letter from Jacobs, she wrote, requesting goods from a woman in New York had resulted in the donation of “an immense box” and a total transformation of the situation for the refugees: Before the sun went down, those ladies who have labored so hard for the comfort of these people had the satisfaction of seeing every man, woman and child with clean garments, lying in a clean bed.
Mr. Zuckerberg and Mr. Medvedev talked about Facebook’s role in politics, though only jokingly in reference to its importance in the American presidential campaign, according to Mr. Medvedev’s press office.
But an early musical posting given today’s column :
“I observe my pulse is high, for example, and that’s obviously because I am stricken with a recurrence of an old desire.” Ned’s racing pulse, and Nina’s responding lust, rather complicates their neat arrangement.
GISELA WILLIAMS London Number Sixteen The Firmdale group, helmed by its owners, the designers Kit and Tim Kemp, is known for the luxury service and upscale amenities that its properties (like the Covent Garden, also in London, and Crosby Street in New York) all have in common.
So I want to add a female great book — and so many come up in a tumult that I can’t fix on a single one.
When the paper subsequently marked the birth of a new royal by publishing a single, restrained paragraph, that itself became a talking point.
This is a celebration of that, and them.” ROSALIE R. RADOMSKY
So do the French sparklers made outside of Champagne , crémants from Alsace, Jura, Burgundy and Vouvray, which in their own language can occasionally make you forget about Champagne.
And if it’s much lower, the banks aren’t going to give debtor-in-possession financing — and rightfully so.
So, yeah, to answer your question, I wouldn’t be happy.
“We aren’t psychologically weak people, either.” Ms. Rodriguez and the others criticized health officials and surgeons for not immediately alerting them to the potential risks.
President Obama reviewed the situation with Tom Vilsack , the agriculture secretary, who called it “the most serious situation” in about 25 years and added that he was praying for rain.
“I had to ask my dad what our caste was, and he had to think about it for 15 minutes before telling me that we were in the general category.” The general category meant that she received no preference, a fact that Ms. Sekhsaria blames for her failure to qualify for medical school.
In July, he was admitted to the intensive care unit at Lilavati Hospital in Mumbai, complaining of breathlessness and acute constipation.
Lunch for two, about 2,500 yen.
On Karmin’s major-label debut EP, “Hello” (Epic), though, she’s rapping for herself.
report said that extending all of the Bush tax cuts and fixing the Alternative Minimum Tax so that it does not reach deeper into the middle class would add about 1.4 percent to the nation’s gross domestic product in the fourth quarter of 2013.
With that, the hearing has concluded.
To boost their companies’ returns to more respectable levels in the short term, they need either an upturn in business – something that few on Wall Street expect any time soon – or big cuts in compensation or other costs.
“Every junior world champion and every sailor who stood on a podium in Athens was completely dissected,” Plympton told the Sydney Morning Herald.
Jay Latimer McMullen was born in Minneapolis on April 8, 1921, to Don McMullen and the former Helen Siddall.
It’s going to be sticky, and we’re going to talk about it.
A local sturgeon advisory committee includes representatives from local fishing clubs, and the group Sturgeon for Tomorrow has donated $800,000 for conservation since 1977.
“It’s too early,” Girardi said.
It is true that under Title II of Dodd-Frank, the F.D.I.C.
Hopes are higher this season, as Lawson and the Nuggets – including the newly acquired Andre Iguodala, sophomore sparkplug Kenneth Faried, and former Knicks Danillo Gallinari and Wilson Chandler – look to capitalize on their surprising success of a season ago.
The Twitter generation loves a wink.
“The uncertainty was unbearable on fans and administrators,” he said.
Penn State’s defense held the Cavaliers to 95 yards and 6 first downs in the opening two quarters and forced four turnovers over all.
Instead of being new and authentic, they become artificial mirror opposites of their opponents.
He said he had no comment about French policy decisions.
The fiery flamenco guitar flourishes and percussive rhythms of Mitch Leigh’s sinuous, rousing music tingle in the ear while before one’s eyes, Miguel de Cervantes, the 16th-century Spanish man of letters, dons the silvery mane and drooping mustache of his enduring fictional creation, a daft but utterly noble old gentleman who blazes into musical life with the show’s first song.
Mr. Herzog seems to be trying to make points about the limits of enlightenment and the suppression of women.
The reforms needed to save the euro will require a high degree of solidarity, something which will be difficult with Greece still in the currency union.
On God and rape, the candidate said he was “sorry” his comments were “twisted” by critics.
“New Jack City,” we had eight bucks.
1 Hugue Dufour, Sarah Obraitis and Keith Cappuccio will offer waiter service, museum hours and Sunday brunch at this museum venue; those who want eats, not arts, need not buy a ticket to dine.
In general, our model is fairly simple in the way it projects the national numbers, essentially just relying on two variables (“polls” and “economy”).
But it was a one-game ploy by Prandelli, who consequently switched back to Italy’s preferred method of 4-3-1-2 — four in defense, three in the midfield, and one player lurking behind the front runners, Balotelli and Antonio Cassano.
At the heart of their defense is the contention that the masks were used to express a message that could be effectively conveyed only by wearing that specific type of mask.
“I’m looking for big-time excitement,” Baker said several hours before his team took a 2-0 lead into Game 3.
He’s in prison “forever, I hope.” Now she’s married to F, who came to California 20 years ago from El Salvador.
“It would be catastrophically sad if they can’t find a solution,” said Ira M. Millstein, a board member of the Sept. 11 foundation and a prominent commercial lawyer.
His followers move West, seeking safe ground to build their new society.
Then, in November, federal authorities arrested Mr. Pan, accusing him of trying to help a man he thought was a restaurant owner from Texas circumvent the city-imposed limit of $4,950 in campaign contributions for individual donors by recruiting 20 fictitious, or straw, donors.
Despite outshooting Colorado, 42-20, the Rangers failed to solve Varlamov in a 3-1 loss to the Avalanche .
Mr. Bisciglia said he taught the course for three academic quarters.
7:38 p.m. | Updated MF Global first misused customer money on Oct. 26, five days before filing for bankruptcy, investigators said on Monday, shedding new light on the extent of potential wrongdoing at the brokerage firm and the chaos that prompted the breach.
When a deluded janitor from Milwaukee shot Gov.
Now the industry is discussing whether it would also flood parts of a reactor building that are normally dry, providing yet more water to filter out radioactive materials.
Think back to 2008: Remember the right-wing, talk-radio bafflement about Mr. Obama’s rise.
has committed its share of missteps.
Margaret Thatcher got so incandescently fed up with having Mr. Livingstone’s strident, whiny, left-wing council over the Thames, opposite Westminster, that she closed down London’s government altogether.
Barbara Dane, an 85-year-old jazz and blues singer who lives in Oakland, Calif., has seen this play out in her relationship circles.
Nor did the Afghan war come up often when The Associated Press conducted its annual poll of editors and news directors in the United States.
Mr. Child, whose real name is Jim Grant and who is himself 6 foot 5, laughed and added: “Besides, no one in Hollywood is tall.
With Nasdaq unable to deliver trade execution messages until midafternoon, traders did not know whether their orders had gone through.
Suggestions for what you’d like Jason to see and draw may be sent to thingsisaw@nytimes.com.
Get Over Yourself Your workplace will not implode if you’re not there.
But such a conclusion ignored the ambitions and rivalries of the other Gulf states and their budding passion for auto racing.
But some people like things wrapped up neatly, I guess.”
Bergdorf Goodman , founded in 1901, built its 57th Street store in 1928 on the site of a palazzo owned by Cornelius Vanderbilt 2d’s widow, and remodeled in 1984 to allow for very tall windows facing Fifth Avenue, perfect for staging reimagined fairy tales, illustrating aphorisms and creating undersea worlds.
Dr. Cook leans toward thinking that it can't be.
Iris Dupont, a 14-year-old newshound at an old-money New England prep school, periodically summons the pioneering broadcast journalist for consultation as she becomes embedded in the academy’s secret society.
Apart from the physical dangers the article mentioned, this psychological pitfall could be the main reason to proceed with caution.
Its treatment of its music — a smart Latin jazz arrangement played live by the Paquito D’Rivera Ensemble — was generic but refreshingly light.
Given the huge increase in government aid, like food stamps and unemployment benefits, letting some assistance lapse makes sense, they say.
At least, unlike some who share his views, Cardinal Dolan recognizes that there is such a thing as going too far — a lack of restraint summed up in two words: Rush Limbaugh.
Mr. Scothon said Mattel has studied how children spend time on various activities, including digital devices, and found that a lot of playtime was revolving around the gadgets.
TUESDAY’S PUZZLE — I already know what you’re thinking.
The latest revelation concerns William Baziotes (1912-1963), the well-respected second-tier Abstract Expressionist painter best known for the diaphanous colors and blurry organic shapes of his mature style.
There’s always such a posse around them, Ms. Huey said, “it’s not altogether clear to them who I am or where I’m from.”
Note that “twisted,” in my categorization, doesn’t mean “has lots of plot twists,” though some twisted movies do.
It is unclear why Facebook didn’t mention Twitter’s interest.
The least expensive is a three-bedroom two-bath two-story home in the village, listed at $119,000.
If this amendment passes, we’re going to look back 20 years from now or 10 years from now, and we’re going to think about that amendment the same way we think about the Jim Crow laws that were passed in this state many, many years ago.” He added: “We’re competing with people around the world.
Increasingly, however, business leaders point to a problem that is at least partly within the government’s power to control: a high yen that has made Japanese products, from televisions to memory chips, prohibitively expensive abroad.
But their reasoning reads like one: They describe themselves as “a group of entrepreneurial women who share the belief that by organizing, exchanging stories, experiences, and building a community based on trust, something powerful can be created.” And that “something powerful” is, for them, most certainly the power of women’s getting together and multiplying their influence by helping one another.
“The cost per keyword climbed dramatically over the years,” he said.
Mr. Lawrence had also helped found the jazz and contemporary music program at the New School in Manhattan, so it was only natural that a process of international exchange would take hold.
Simply by shaking the hand of this kind of person, a prisoner automatically turns into a sunken one himself.
Chemistry.” “On the other hand, it’s not as difficult as football, because football is so team-oriented.” A paper titled “Effort vs. Concentration” looked at how players respond to pressure, looking at free throws (a skill that requires quiet concentration) and offensive rebounds (where effort is the main factor).
Directions: Fill in the blanks in the paragraphs taken from this Business section article, “Before the Toss, Super Bowl Ads.” Use your own words and phrases, or scroll to the end of the post to choose from a scrambled list of the words or phrases that were removed.
He is a son of Katherine Nerko of Garden City and Charles C. Nerko of Bellerose, Queens.
In other words, if the candidate who wins takes a left turn like the one that won him the presidency, the Reagan era would finally be over.
Now called Salon Eva Perón and open to the public, the room bears a plaque explaining its importance, contains a bust of Eva Perón, and has retained its original furnishings.
When they arrive at Delaware Bay, they are often emaciated, their gizzards so shrunken that the birds are incapable of eating the clams and mussels that are a normal part of their diet.
New England Air Museum, 36 Perimeter Road.
Off the court, he is the team’s resident comedian, moonlighting as a vocalist, often singing Beyoncé’s “Dance for You” on bus rides.
Perhaps with the upcoming panchayat elections in mind, the party is doling out sops to farmers and minorities , and announcing honorariums to imams.
AMENITIES Le Pois Penché serves a solid French menu (gooey onion soup, succulent duck breast) but is marred by tacky décor, harsh lighting, a distracting television set and a charmless music selection that veers haphazardly from techno to soul to rock.
In a suit with potential global ramifications that was closely watched by industry lobbyists and health advocates in Australia and abroad, British American Tobacco, Imperial Tobacco, Japan Tobacco and Philip Morris Australia had argued that the new ban on brand logos would infringe on their intellectual property rights, an argument that was rejected by the court.
“Girlchild,” Tupelo Hassman ’s lacerating debut novel, is the story of Rory Dawn Hendrix, a young girl growing up in the Calle, a cluster of mobile homes on a plot of dust outside Reno, Nev. Ms. Hassman is such a poised storyteller that her prose practically struts.
Just as the symbols and characters on your computer screen were designed to disguise the unfathomable mathematical coding of its programs, designers have devised maps to help us to make sense of befuddling terrain or transport networks.
“We’ve got a bunch of guys who haven’t won enough,” Love said.
The Raiders trailed by 17-14 late in the fourth quarter when Chiefs quarterback Len Dawson ran for a first down to seemingly seal the win.
Citing labor abuses, the A.F.L.-C.I.O.
Last year, we got the first postseason OT under the new rules, and this year the modified OT rule was put in place for the regular season, too.
(Fan note: All of these functions are explained in several one-minute videos on Hyundai’s Web site — and all are narrated by the actor Jeff Bridges, Hyundai’s voice-over star.
And you don’t want a space that is set up for 10,000 folks if 100 come.” FOR the people in charge of Mr. Romney’s national election night event in Boston, the challenges are similar but the stakes substantially greater and the margin for error lower.
“The democratization part is absolutely real,” James Reichmuth said.
Having seen the biggest banks make risky bets, crush the economy and get rewarded leaves “a residue of distrust for the government, the banking system, the Fed and capitalism itself,” Mr. Rosenblum wrote.
But the large health care system here that Dr. Trescott helps manage has placed controls on how painkillers are prescribed, like making sure doctors do not prescribe too much.
Ms. Sosa began working two years ago as a sex counselor in the emergency wing of a Buenos Aires hospital that specializes in infectious diseases.
Who can allow them in?
I don’t know where that would have taken me, to be honest, but I probably would have developed into a not-so-nice leader with more of an authoritative, do-it-my-way style.
After attending the Woodstock festival more than 40 years ago, Grace planted her freak flag in that area of upstate New York where time seems to have frozen, except for the residents’ aging bodies.
The boy, 2-year-old Liam Keogh, seems to have followed his dog through a gap in a mesh fence last Thursday into one of these unfinished developments in Athlone, a Midlands town.
It might be Google , Amazon, Sony , Facebook or Apple, again.
Such legislation would not be ideal for anyone.
Unlike them, it has not drafted laws starkly opposed to federal immigration priorities, to harass the innocent and encourage racial profiling.
This settlement is a significant step toward resolving our exposure to claims arising from the period of the financial crisis.” It added, “Citi is fundamentally a different company today than at the beginning of the financial crisis.” The plaintiffs included pension funds in Colorado, Ohio and Illinois and were led by former employees and directors of Automated Trading Desk who received Citigroup shares when they sold the electronic trading firm to the bank in July 2007.
(All of these states rank below Ohio.)
Despite its well-earned reputation for sensationalism, The Enquirer earned a Pulitzer Prize nomination in 2010 for breaking the story about John Edwards’s extra-marital affair.
Her husband, Yassir Raouli, may stop by later on, taking a break from the kitchen, and hold the door open for you when you leave.
“I hate to use the word naïve, but ...”
Alfred Peguero, a tax partner with PricewaterhouseCoopers in San Francisco, recommended that business owners especially consult a specialist in estate planning this year.
Wouldn’t it be healthier for our girls if we count count on even the most aspirational of magazines to give them the same?
Chrysler announced it would recall almost 68,000 Jeep Wranglers from the 2010 model year equipped with automatic transmissions because of a fire hazard, according to a report the automaker filed with the National Highway Traffic Safety Administration .
This weekend on “ The New York Times Close Up ,” an inside look at the most compelling articles in Sunday’s Times, Clyde Haberman will speak with The Times’s Michael Barbaro, Dan Barry, Daniel Wakin and Charles Duhigg.
In past seasons, he lived in a creaky house in Westchester, N.Y., and last year in a gloomy, post-divorce rental in the West Village.
Those efforts have succeeded in rolling back gains made by unions over decades, prompting vows from labor to fight back with newly engaged members shaken from self-described complacency.
A paleontologist told Wilford that it might have looked like a “nimble two-legged porcupine.” I am telling you this because the race for the Republican nomination first began at about the time these creatures became extinct.
I had grandiose ideas of reading the whole set straight through, and even made a timeline.
That program has been dormant lately.
They thought that with Ike’s oil sense and Gene’s business sense, they’d make money.
An old, dusty briefcase full of letters, handwritten notes about the case against him and medical records corroborated the accounts of Egyptians who knew him there.
“This president has opened up no new markets for American goods around the world in his three years, even as European nations and China have opened up 44,” Mr. Romney charged.
Bringing in electricity is not ideal, but it is reality, they say.
There is a real challenge to the Government to sort this out and make sure the banking industry is properly focused on its customers.” — John Mann, a Labour MP and a member of the Treasury select committee.
Nor will anybody be too surprised if the final May 27 is a repeat of the opener Wednesday, when the Chennai Super Kings begin their pursuit of a third consecutive I.P.L.
May 23 at 1 p.m. Free.
No question, there were tough-luck plays that affected Games 1 and 2, and the Jeter injury was deflating for all the intangibles he brings every day.
Near the end of Pat Metheny’s capacious performance with his new quartet and his old machines on Friday night at Town Hall, he played his new song “Breakdealer,” and the best music of the night happened.
Growth has reaccelerated in the United States, China and Brazil and stabilized in Europe.
He found that doing the headstand led to thoracic outlet syndrome, a condition that arises from the compression of nerves passing from the neck into the arms, causing tingling in his right hand as well as sporadic numbness.
• An “In the Region” article in some copies last Sunday, about the Knickerbocker at Manhasset Bay, an age-restricted condominium to go up in Port Washington on the site of the Knickerbocker Yacht Club, misstated the surname of a real estate developer from Sands Point and a past Knickerbocker Club commodore who is on the list to buy a unit in the new condo.
With nonfiction, I figure I can glean something educational or interesting out of the book even if the writing is weak.
The homeowners voted against paying the fee.
East Lynne Theater Company, 500 Hughes Street.
Voters in 27 states have now weighed in on the process of selecting delegates for the party’s nominating convention, but have brought only limited clarity to the race.
It was the longest season ever, with 20 races from March to the end of November, on every continent except Africa and Antarctica.
Sales rose 1 percent, to $14.97 billion.
The Economy: Twilight of Public Companies?
Free with museum admission: $10; free for 65+, under 1 and members; pay as you wish on Thursdays from 4 to 6 p.m. August Reading Into History Book Wrap Event: ‘Harlem Summer’ (Wednesday) Whatever part of New York they may be living in, young readers can have a Harlem summer this week, courtesy of the DiMenna Children’s Museum at the New-York Historical Society.
“It needs to be followed up with a structure that has as few gaps as possible,” especially with regard to harmonizing national rules with the new regulations.
Pricing was not announced for the 3 Series hybrid.
Breaking into teams, they divided duties for a new plan to put unrelenting pressure on Mr. Gingrich, hoping to make him angry enough to throw him off track and remind voters about the most unflattering aspects of a record forgotten during a decade in which he solidified his status as a wise man in the party.
Spain’s borrowing costs have fallen significantly since the E.C.B.
On the Motherlode blog, KJ Dell’Antonia describes two new documentaries about bullying, the Cartoon Network movie “Speak Up” and “Bully.” (After the MPAA gave it an R rating , Katy Butler, a Michigan high school student, started a petition to lower the rating given to “Bully.)
The two planes were under the command of the Islamic Revolutionary Guards Corps, whose activities are routinely more aggressive than those of the conventional Iranian Air Force.
The bank remains under unusually close scrutiny by regulators.
“That grassy taste needs the kick of Gorgonzola,” Ms. Wong had told me.
She is adopted and just beginning to pluck at the skein of secrets obscuring her origins.
Bad Jews By Joshua Harmon OPENS Tuesday at the Harold and Miriam Steinberg Center for Theater.
“We do not and will not tolerate noncompliance with F.C.P.A.
I liked to write but never thought I could make a career of it.
There are tense exchanges in the 4x400 relay, but the time pressure in the longer race is not as pressing; only in the 4x100 does the pass come in a crucible, leaving that race on an island in terms of the precise skills needed for success.
Mr. MacDonald is still in prison, more than 40 years later.
“Are there professional stickball players?” Mr. Diaz, dressed in a crisp shirt and tie, asked one recent afternoon.
Société Générale joined the parade of firms sharply reducing bonuses.
I finally got home at 7 p.m., with just enough time to still have Christmas with my own family.
“The statute respects the tenets and the teachings of the church,” said Michael C. Culhane, executive director of the Connecticut Catholic Public Affairs Conference.
To rally its base, the party often relies on hate marches and intimidation campaigns that stoke racist fervor.
“As the market for smartphones and tablets evolved, the company historically didn’t have a presence,” said Jon Carvill, an Intel spokesman.
They are incredibly dignified people who stood firm even when their water and electricity was cut off without explanation or when enormous banks of earth were piled up around their homes because Mr. Trump didn’t want to have to see them from his putting green.
The South African production “Mies Julie,” based on the Strindberg play and an award-winning hit at the Edinburgh Festival Fringe last month , will have its American premiere this fall as the first production in St. Ann’s Warehouse’s temporary new home in Brooklyn, the theater’s leaders said on Tuesday.
Your only worry should be that she may throw you out first!” My friend was right, except that the skin of the Lady in Question, which I believe I still see with the eyes of youth, has remained as beautiful and as capable of moving me as ever.
Julie Wojta, a senior who is the leading scorer for 12th-ranked Green Bay, had 27 points, 13 rebounds, 6 steals and 5 assists in a victory over Butler.
So for a long time now it’s been second nature for me to look at the city as if many things in it are unintentional works of art — or performance art — and to see much of the art I come across in the becalmed rooms of galleries and museums as unconscious extensions of the teeming city beyond.
Tens of thousands of Americans die because of hospital-acquired infections every year, and far more are harmed by medical errors.
A serious 35-year-old who could not possibly look more Scandinavian, he went to college at the University of Michigan, then served four years in the Navy as a junior officer.