Governors Island is also great for a bicycle, yours or a rental.
Jean-Luc Godard — some call him God, for short — the revolutionary auteur, once the bad boy of world cinema, is now the festival’s most heralded guest.
Then what could have been just comic verbal combat between two natural enemies turns plot-driven.
The crowd that day helped tell a strange truth: that one of the most democratic countries in the Horn of Africa is not really a country at all.
So the arrival three years ago of a Golden Door spa (475 Seagate Drive; 239-594-6321; goldendoor.com/naples ) was a cause for celebration — and a new reason to visit.
Attorney General Andrew M. Cuomo ’s office is moving to block the release of Nushawn J. Williams , the Brooklyn man who was believed to have knowingly infected a number of young women and girls in upstate New York with H.I.V.
One of the major mistakes of the British Empire was to try to deal with national, religious and ethnic problems with the simplistic solution of partition.
About 15 minutes before the tagine is finished, make the citrus rice: Put the rice and 2 cups of water in a large pot set over high heat.
Turns out, Gordon has become something of a fan of the Tour, since he and Lance Armstrong work together on some charities.
“We have a dire shortage of qualified teachers,” said Finance Minister Korn Chatikavanij.
“Chant de Libération,” as it happens, was the last piece by Honegger performed before the ban took effect.
In other words, observation and experiment suggest that the best way to increase blood oxygen levels is not yawning, but rapid breathing .
“Our venue team, after fighting so hard to get that course perfect, were crushed today,” Cobb said at a news conference.
“We are dedicating a lot of our time to finding a solution so that users can be at ease,” Ms. Toro said.
It’s a birthday at a time.
After all, the presidency of the party’s youth league is a position relatively low on the party’s flow chart.
Because movie operations work far in advance, Disney is now reaping rewards from pictures that were put into production by a management team that was jettisoned in the fall, after a fallow stretch at the box office.
But those traditionalists who yearn for a return to Sinatra must remember that ''New York, New York,'' or specifically ''Theme From New York, New York,'' was hardly a Belmont institution.
Running time: 1 hour 23 minutes.
And nothing said about a French fan shot and killed by the police trying to stop anti-Semitic chanting during a 2006 UEFA Cup match between Paris St. Germain and Hapoel Tel Aviv.
Mr. Jordan rose through the management ranks, where he became known for innovations like equipping drivers and deliverers with barcode scanners and hand-held computers so that they could monitor and report sales results and trends quickly.
Party officials unanimously selected Ms. Gillard to take over.
Rafael Caban, who lives in a two-bedroom apartment, looked inside his birdcage one morning and found his beloved pet bird Chi-Chi gone.
People close to Chinese policy makers say that officials would prefer to do it much sooner, but that it became impossible to act in the days before Mr. Hu’s visit to Washington, as the issue suddenly drew broad public attention.
Fedotenko said that he was battling for position with the defenseman when he collided with the goalie, but that the referee’s response was, “You can fight for the ice, but you can’t run into the goalie.” The Rangers were dominating the third period when Frolov, who has only two goals after being signed as a free agent over the summer, failed to clear the zone.
She received a second bachelor’s degree, in nursing, and a master’s in midwifery from Columbia.
Nearly nine years after the Americans arrived in Afghanistan, American intelligence agencies, civilian and military, seem to be flying blind.
“If you want an A.G. with a record of defending the Constitution as it was written,” he said, “I’m your candidate.” Mr. Cuccinelli is quickly and deliberately moving to the forefront of a conservative resurgence in Virginia, which just two years ago was hailed by Democrats as a symbol of their party’s ability to capture the South.
The Greek prime minister, George Papandreou, met with labor leaders on Thursday to persuade them to accept austerity measures that the government hopes will help clear the way to securing the bailout package.
On Tuesdays and Thursdays at lunch time, the owner Maria Elena Fernández meets one-on-one with artisans in the outdoor cafe.
If you're CBS, what are you thinking about this?
He smacked his first pool ball the day he could see over the table.
There would be efforts to do more composting — allowing food waste to naturally decompose — without creating buffets for rats.
The Loire’s most widely available reds are made from cabernet franc, including the best, most expensive and perhaps the longest-lived Loire reds, the Saumur-Champignys from Clos Rougeard.
He feels more comfortable, he says, and proves it with a deep drive to center.
The eventual result, analysts argue, would be a government that would be more organic and therefore more durable than a government that relies on outside forces to survive.
and a sparkler -- if you lighted it and ran around the darkened yard, it streaked the night like a shooting star.
Your credibility is there,” said Yves Carcelles, the chief executive, while recently in Singapore.
He was athletic, strong around the basket and able to finish with either hand.
Having seen something and said something, Ms. Magnus resumed her regularly scheduled life.
Barber's Straight Razor Restoration Service.
going up to 10 weeks, but after that I can see more of the fetus moving on an ultrasound , and I’m just not comfortable with that.’ ” She has set her own threshold at 14 weeks.
This is a more complete version of the story than the one that appeared in print.
Sales at Shienfield's Knetgolf.com jumped 25 percent last year.
The number of deaths in traffic accidents dropped to an estimated 34,000 last year — the least since the 1950s.
Begin with the sautéed crab cake, its tender crust giving way to fat, sweet chunks of meat that play well against the faint bitterness of slightly wilted frisée, all pulled together with an expertly made salmon beurre blanc.
“Newtown Creek is a key urban waterway, which provides recreational and economic resources to many communities,” Ms. Enck said in a written statement.
WITH: Josh Brolin (Jonah Hex), John Malkovich (Quentin Turnbull), Megan Fox (Lilah), Michael Fassbender (Burke), Will Arnett (Lieutenant Grass), John Gallagher Jr. (Lieutenant Evan), Tom Wopat (Colonel Slocum), Michael Shannon (Doc Cross Williams), Wes Bentley (Adleman Lusk) and Aidan Quinn (President Grant).
The security with which Mr. Ziporyn moves between musical poles, and the subtlety with which he unites them, are among the chief virtues of “A House in Bali,” along with potent work from both instrumental ensembles.
FOR her first foray into fine jewelry, the London-based fashion designer Sophia Kokosalaki joined forces with the Greek company Ilias Lalaounis.
On Thursday, Freeney said he planned to test the ankle on the field Friday or Saturday, but that surely took place out of the pool reporter's sight.
“Yeah, everybody knew everybody and there were the crazy uncles you got along with and the crazy uncles you didn’t want to cross.” In place of crazy uncles and dragged-up aunties guarding the velvet-roped threshold to coolness, there are now guest-relations specialists, but no matter.
There was little time to savor the moment.
The town of Newburgh, N.Y., seemed to fit the bill.
But many factories in China, she explained, no longer produce without a purchase order in hand, and almost no one carries inventory.
Since inception, the fund has outperformed the Standard & Poor’s 500-stock index by three percentage points a year.
Meanwhile, #1 Hardwood Flooring, of Lake Zurich, estimated it would cost $9,872 to sand and polish the floors.
(Major trade publishers say e-books now make up about 9 to 10 percent of overall sales.)
Many believe that the leadership fled to North Waziristan, where other tribes, as well as the Qaeda operative Sirajuddin Haqqani, an Afghan, are thought to be hiding.
“If we’re going to dismantle more warheads based on a new agreement, you’d have to stretch out the time,” said Alan Hanson, a vice president of Areva , a French company participating in the plant construction.
She is the daughter of Kathryn Kaye McNutt and John Duncan McNutt of Cypress, Tex.
“And Rubio’s support is strong and growing and committed.” She noted that Florida’s August primary will be “closed,” meaning that independents and Democrats who like Crist will not be able to vote.
The police also found a letter sent by Mr. Nasser to Dominican immigration authorities requesting approval for two Dominican women to travel to El Salvador for company training.
But that is one reason neither Moscow nor Buenos Aires matters on the world stage.
There followed nearly two years of editing to compress 400 hours of film into a work that captures memorable moments in the development of the four babies.
Born May 7, 1931 to the late Israel and Rose Hernowitz, and younger brother to the late Francis Haitkin, he is survived by his wife Connie and his children Robin and Jay Kaufman, Debbie Clusan, Ira and Nancy Hernowitz.
The system also enabled 270 doctors, nurses and technicians to travel to Haiti; those teams, the statement said, have already attended to 23,000 people, performed 98 surgical operations and delivered 28 babies as of Monday.
On Feb. 16, Ms. Brown was interviewed and said she had been working as a volunteer in Assemblyman Keith L. T. Wright’s office, next door to Mr. Paterson’s Senate office, one day in 2001 when she walked out into the hall and encountered Mr. Johnson and a woman whom he had been dating in the midst of a heated argument.
It recommended instead that the state take over the casino district in Atlantic City and devote resources to Xanadu.
Palladium hit a fresh 18-month peak, spurred by the launch of an exchange-traded fund backed by the metal earlier this month, while gold inched up $5 to $1,137.50.
Goldthorpe regularly makes appearances to sign autographs, but does not perform as a character.
“It doesn’t matter if I’m right or wrong,” my friend told me after learning of the report.
Kendrick-Holmes has a keen appreciation for their meaning.
This is dangerous, not because of any renewed German militarization, but because Germany remains the heart of Europe.
His new pair of sofas for B&B Italia are aimed at customers seeking glamour rather than eccentricity: the Lutetia is a classic three-seater with customizable stitching and trim, while the Ray (above) is a follow-up to his earlier best seller Charles -- a reference to the Eameses, mind you, not the soul singer.
A front-page headline in a newspaper close to Mr. Gbagbo translated as “France’s Coup d’État Has Once Again Failed,” singling out the former colonial power that has been the target of the president’s crowd-stirring orations in the past.
(For those with shorter attention spans and richer parents, the sheets could be purchased already hand-tinted.)
Sarah is enjoying her first year out of Yale; her dad thinks her ultimate strength may be writing.
“You take something the size of an apricot and shrink it to the size of an almond,” Dr. Anne Phillips, a Glaxo SmithKline vice president, said in an interview before the F.D.A.
Today, let’s play Political Kingmaker.
Now, the screen is in editing mode, and you can rearrange everything, delete unwanted apps and create (and name) app folders.
As heard on recordings, Moreschi produced an eerie, otherworldly sound that, incidentally, bears little resemblance to the modern countertenor.
Kate graduated from Chicago in the spring.
(I’m sorry, but only someone who has never experienced one could describe a day of “I would stab everyone I know with a fork if only I could stop weeping long enough to get out of this car” as a “mood swing.”) We muddled along patchless, my mood swings and my patient family and I, until there came a time in 2006 when in the midst of some work stress, intense but not unfamiliar, I found myself in a particularly bad Pit episode and this time unable to pull out.
In the first four months of 2010, the average room rate was about $218, slightly lower than in the same period last year, according to PKF’s numbers.
“I love the free market, but it needs a referee,” he said.
have also diminished the impact of Zagat.
Instead, mainstream media appear fixated on infantilizing us.
It also could play music from Internet music-streaming services like Pandora.
What does not work is plastic surgery and other cosmetic treatments.
She says the showcase is useful both as a cultural document — “This is a way to track the bounty of the whole field and to ask some questions about what’s happening in poetry today” — and as a way for poets to “participate in being part of the document of their art in our time.” Purposefully inclusive, the showcase places well-known names (Pablo Neruda, John Ashbery) alongside newcomers; 26 languages (Tamil, Serbian, Urdu, Kurdish and Basque among them) and 641 American presses are represented.
Byrne made complex information accessible, which is a job qualification for a graphic designer.
The reported conversations between the lawyer, Lloyd Warford, and the jury foreman, Kent Arnold, and DNA evidence are expected to be at the center of oral arguments before the Arkansas Supreme Court here this week in the case of Damien Echols, who was convicted with two other men of the slayings of three 8-year-old boys.
''The game is so much bigger than itself,'' he said.
And what about the bombing victims who will fill the venue?
The artist has replaced the photograph she holds with his own drawing of it — a whimsical intervention that feels callous, given the subject matter.
“I live off my hot streaks.
8:42 p.m. | Updated William A. Ackman has never been shy about swooping into situations others would shy away from.
Long after the smoke of an explosion has cleared, the battle over language goes on, as contending sides seek to aggrandize the act or dismiss it, portray it as noble or denounce it as vile.
As for the notion that the employer does not receive any benefit from the work of the intern, if interns are gaining substantial experience, their work is likely adding value.
As a filmmaker, Mr. Tsai has enjoyed critical acclaim, but commercial success still eludes him, particularly in his adopted country.
REWARD The personal satisfaction of keeping this ritual alive.
The move seemed inevitable once it became clear that Jones, who will turn 32 before the start of the 2010 season, would not restructure his contract to save the Jets a $3 million roster bonus due next week.
Only five times in the previous 20 World Series had a starter thrown fewer than five innings while allowing that many hits and earned runs: the Toronto Blue Jays’ Jack Morris (Game 5, 1992), the Giants’ Russ Ortiz (Game 2, 2002), the St. Louis Cardinals’ Woody Williams (Game 1, 2004) and two Colorado Rockies in 2007: Jeff Francis (Game 1) and Josh Fogg (Game 3).
But as she has run low on money, her search has also become increasingly circumscribed.
Paul Samuelson was from Gary, Ind., too.
Yet Mr. O'Malley has a bigger problem: running as an incumbent when voters are unhappy about hard economic times.
She had good reason: Her encounters with pack reporting have ended badly.
The five-day retreat, at the Angel Valley Spiritual Retreat Center, was among many held in Sedona, whose red rocks and mountains are thought by some to emit mystical energy, and by others as simply a place of peace and solace.
The loss compounded the burden of paying for a part-time receptionist, a custodian, an organist and the priests hired on a per-service basis.
For Fannie Mae, whose numbers are one month older, the delinquency rate in November was 5.29 percent, up from 4.98 percent in October and 2.13 percent in November 2008.
The owners want to give jobs to local people and keep them here forever.” The rock business, for instance, started just that way.
“They’re really squeamish about everything,” she said.
They can take solace because the Jets survived — barely — with their playoff hopes intact.
“My goal was to win one gold medal and that’s what I did,” Vonn said.
Doctors who received the letter, dated July 28, are investigators in a study called the Tide trial, which was intended to compare the heart risks of Avandia with those of Actos, a similar drug made by Takeda Pharmaceuticals.
There were no confirmed reports of injuries.
Plus 650 was worth 85 match points out of 90.
Len Kasper grew up in Shepherd, Mich., in the central part of the state about 110 miles from Detroit.
Beyond billboards and tenements, a cluster of high-rise rental and condominium buildings has sprouted in recent years, and more are planned.
Reprogrammed cells are currently too dangerous for use in human studies, and a variety of hurdles must be cleared before such studies can happen.
Their homes are sold for less than the mortgage amount, and the remaining loan balance is usually forgiven by the lender.
A tricky section of the course tripped up most of the best U.S. skiers.
Electricity was being restored in patches, though many streets and windows remained dark.
One can see why Schlink chose a terrorist as his subject: he is of the same ’68 generation as the Rote Armee revolutionaries.
“He spent less than 30 minutes,” Nigeria’s information minister, Dora Akunyili, said in an interview Friday evening, noting that his passport was scanned on entry at 8:08 p.m. and again on leaving at 8:35 p.m. Mrs. Akunyili said, though, that Mr. Abdulmutallab had gone through the required security checks at the airport while in Lagos.
ANYONE wondering how consumer rights might be faring in the Washington debate over financial regulatory reform has a lot to consider theses days.
Cary was a graduate of Berklee College of Music in Boston.
But business schools are looking ahead and seeing a light at the end of what is now a pretty short tunnel.” A survey by the career council in December found that 39 percent of business schools expected internship opportunities to increase this summer, while 26 percent expected them to decrease.
But eventually the voices returned, growing more intrusive.
“I have decided to break my silence in order to address myself directly to you without any intermediaries and in my own words,” Mr. Polanski said in the statement, which was distributed to the news media on Sunday.
Ms. Arnold had spent a year studying at the University of Nairobi during college and met Jane Wanjiru Muigai.
But Mr. Maliki has cited a court opinion that would give that right to an alliance he formed with a rival Shiite coalition in May.
“Then I was in my bedroom and my daughter came in and said, ‘Shot, shot,’ and I said, ‘My God, Tashawn!’ ” she recalled.
“An emotionally induced misuse of money,” said one such person.
If there’s a minute of the play that’s less than clever, you’ll be hard pressed to find it.
What the mayor did not bring up, as he extolled “this historic day for Chester,” was the drastic step he had taken the previous weekend — declaring a state of emergency and putting the city’s five most violent neighborhoods under a virtual lockdown at night.
Never mind that the Bush White House chief of staff, Joshua Bolten , was a Goldman alumnus and that both McConnell and Boehner had voted for the very bailouts they now profess to abhor (a k a TARP) after a sales job by Henry Paulson, the Bush Treasury secretary who was Blankfein’s predecessor as Goldman’s C.E.O.
22 in E flat and No.
What many people now ask is whether Cuba is being forced by economic hardship to respond with its own halting, vague form of welcome.
Ms. Saril said some of her archive was found through the Pontiac-Oakland Club International.
He called Mr. Van Natta’s challenge in revitalizing MySpace “incredible” and said the business “has shown very positive signs recently as a result of his dedicated work.” Mr. Van Natta joined MySpace just 10 months ago from Project Playlist, an online music venture.
In a nation where cricket is an obsession, other sports have struggled to find an audience.
All of this is putting a damper on the deals that travelers have come to expect.
Ted would spend the remainder of the war as a POW in Luftstalag One on the Baltic Sea.
In lieu of flowers, donations in Gloria's memory may be made to Hospice Care of the Berkshires, 877 South St., Pittsfield, MA 01201.
We’re being told — and even worse, Mr. Obama and the Democrats are being told — that their narrative is not getting through.
The actor James McAvoy, below, will play the young Charles Xavier in the next installment of the mutant-loving (or hating, depending on whose side you're on) X-Men franchise, Variety reported.
The daily Le Monde went further, drawing parallels between this “strange defeat” and another, on the front lines of 1940.
MPD Derek and Daniel Koch, who owned Merkato 55, have taken over what was Los Dados.
“It doesn’t always look like fun.
Three teams from last season’s Final Four will be part of the marathon that begins Nov. 16 at midnight.
The film is inspired by a notorious incident on the Oregon Trail in 1845, when the fur-trapper and frontiersman Stephen Meek undertook to guide a wagon train westward, but turned out to have little idea of where he was going, with disastrous consequences.
In the experimental setup, the monkey is in a soundproof box.
“In fact, the published literature suggests that such use leads to addiction and abuse of other substances.” At the same time, he said, some clinical evidence supports the drug’s effectiveness in treating those conditions for which medical marijuana is already approved in Colorado.
One night at a New York Philharmonic concert in Central Park, he made $40 from his poetry.
In the United States, the United Steelworkers union filed a legal petition last month asking the White House to begin W.T.O.
“Primitives saw animals in something like the way we see sports teams,” Mr. Tompkins writes, in one very weird passage.
Princeton also studied the effects on admissions rates to top medical schools and law schools, and found none.
“We were actually built to serve the midmarket.” As for Oracle, SAP and other big players’ aspirations for the midmarket, Mr. Phillips said: “That has been a desire for decades.
Angelo Lelii, who founded the Italian lighting firm Arredoluce in 1943, designed this floor lamp ($12,500)around 1950.
It was then reopened for the ticketed and televised event later.
She arrived in Hollywood when the Hays Office was at the zenith of its censorial powers.
Only Lithuania is 100 percent dependent on Belarusian pipelines, she said.
Users specify who they are shopping for and identify the occasions, and the application then suggests gifts and handles purchases.
People will hate you.” (To deflect criticism, Goldman announced last week it would pay its top 30 executives in stock only.)
And one of them says, two murders, and I said nothing, I couldn’t get enough air, I couldn’t think hardly, and the light went out again and I hollered, ‘Two murders.’ Then the light went back on, they’s all sitting like nothing happened, and they said, ‘That’s what we thought.’ ” While Mr. Conroy said his play was a work of fiction, the character Gunther — a commander who oversees the officers applying the torture — is clearly inspired by a real-life former commander in the South Side Police Area 2, Jon Burge.
Under the Senate’s proposal, failed banks would not go through a bankruptcy court, whose proceedings are open to the public.
One of the businessmen, Jalaluddin Saeed, said he was owed $1.5 million by Bennett-Fouch for four contracts to provide concrete barriers for American and NATO military bases last year.
That’s when you start to think about financial competency.”
“There seems to be an emerging consensus that it’s time to move on,” Christopher R. Hill, the ambassador to Iraq, told reporters on Sunday.
“I really haven’t prepared myself to feel anything about tomorrow morning,” he said.
Spain has spent more on social programs for Gypsies than any other country in the European Union .
And even if those remaining are actually being helped, when the dropouts are not counted, the treatment will end up looking better than it really is.
This sensitive yet strong woman, trained as a textile expert, created a fashion house, overcame the flop of a Paris show in 1975 and listed her company on the Frankfurt stock exchange at the end of the 1980s, when her purist vision was a counterculture to the prevailing glitz.
Celebrity Shoppers Many famous local musicians shop at Urban Ore.
Mr. Kibaki and Mr. Odinga have been rivals for years, and it was a disputed election between them in 2007 that caused Kenya to crack open in ethnic violence that killed more than 1,000 people .
Amenities for renters include a yoga room, a library, a film screening room, a rooftop heated swimming pool and five Zipcars , which can be rented by the hour.
More than 39 percent of the residents in Fort Collins, skewed by the university’s numbers, are age 18 to 34, compared with about 23 percent nationally.
But this method could lead to a test within two years.” The developments on the urine test were first reported by Newsday last week.
Krzyzewski rationalized his team’s sluggish first-half play by saying that runners do not typically have their best times until the medal heats.
Since he was 15, when he helped his father, who returned from the war with half of one leg missing, he has kept an organic winery on his five acres.
Current events probably influenced the scenario.
It’s also evident, however, that Cunningham, characteristically, was fragmenting and splicing.
He lived life to the fullest, charmed everyone who crossed his path and was deeply devoted to his family and friends.
New York, incidentally and thankfully, is full of good spots.
To most residents of this sprawling college town, where Democrats outnumber Republicans two to one, Mr. Jones has generally been a fringe figure, even last year when he put up a sign outside the church that said “Islam is of the devil.” But that began to change when news of his Koran-burning plans reached Muslim countries about a month ago.
In the Seventh District, which includes Battle Creek, Tim Walberg, a conservative Republican, took back the seat he lost in 2008 to Mark Schauer, a moderate Democrat.
He said the Jets played their worst quarter of the season after halftime Sunday.
Hoping to shorten stays in shelters even more, the city plans to expand its use of the next-step shelters by building two more by the end of the summer, officials at the Department of Homeless Services said.
In concept form, this little brother to the previous E-Tron — that car resembled the exotic R8 — featured an electric powertrain with a 155-mile range.
“The leadership would not accept it,” Ms. Kovalchuk said, according to the Interfax news agency.
He quickly got Ramon Hernandez to pop up to second base.
In the seven hours since the hearing began, as many as 735,000 gallons of oil leaked into the gulf.
When American and allied forces pushed into the Taliban stronghold of Marja, in southern Afghanistan , last week, they had the advantage of knowing where dozens of roadside bombs had already been planted.
He succeeds Joel Rubinson, who left to start an independent consulting practice and is working with the foundation on initiatives in areas like shopper behavior.
With one out in the ninth, Scott Rolen singled and Jay Bruce reached base after Bay had a routine pop fly glance off his glove.
It doesn’t surprise me at all that he wrote one to Greenspan.
He fears Muslim clerics who can cite the Koran to denounce terrorism.
I think it all kind of came together tonight.” His timing was both exquisite and nerve-racking.
Elsewhere, few countries are expected to see big increases in production.
Independents, who make up more than 20 percent of the California electorate, “are pretty undecided,” Mr. Baldassare said.
Jimmy Howard made 29 saves.
officer, and since his rise to power a decade ago, the agency has wielded tremendous influence in government and industry.
Ms. Dale later moved to Canada, where she was briefly chairwoman of York University's dance department.
But you know what they say about statistics, right?
Instead of helping to meet China’s own rapidly growing energy demand, the bulk of Chinese manufactured solar energy equipment gets shipped overseas, destined to soak up sun rays and generate power in markets like Germany, Spain and Denmark.
They did not make much of the gesture at the time, but it represented a turning point for the defensive line.
The test results must seem wildly inaccurate or you must be able to demonstrate that the examiner was not competent or not objective.
A CENTURY ago, when Bushwick, Brooklyn , reigned as a center of the American brewing industry, a beer baron may have lived in the prim black-and-white mansion topped with a steeple on Bushwick Avenue.
Mr. Rincon, 42, is an old friend of Mr. Ecker’s who worked for years at the North Shore Animal League.
Survived by his niece Karen Herrmann Fishelson (Michael), his nephew Jeffrey M. Herrmann (Sandra) and grandnephews and grandniece.
The flow reached a peak in 2006, with a 1.8 million increase in the foreign-born population.
Mr. Little, whose program biography includes no British credits, nevertheless displays comfort with both the accent and the habit of afternoon tea.
HOW TO CLIMB IT Familiarize yourself with a local guidebook, because the numerous routes to the summit of Mansfield range from moderate hikes (the ridgeline from the top of the Toll Road) to the strenuously steep (Hell Brook Trail, which approaches from Smugglers’ Notch).
A job description prepared by the city said he would have “the broadest scope for the exercise of independent initiative and judgment” and listed 25 duties, including many that would normally fall to the head of a school system.
But documents the school filed with the state show that 11 percent of the students left the school between their first and second years.
For Paul, whose heritage is mixed, there is the added problem of how to straddle cultures while still forging an identity of his own.
Unfortunately, they meant this quite literally: the substantial difference between the frilly day chemises and those for evening was that the night versions were now to the ankles.
“If anyone thinks that we are going to stop agitating, they had better think again.
Because up in the exalted summer greenery of the mid- Hudson Valley , completing an AT&T call is like driving a Trabant from New York to Los Angeles : technically feasible but not really going to happen.
The release date for “Green Zone” was also changed repeatedly to move it as far away as possible from other Iraq-themed films.
Time after time, BP appeared to have gambled with safety, said a chairman of the panel, Capt.
“In France our own left is in shambles,” says Sabine Cessou, who covers the Netherlands for the left-leaning French newspaper Libération.
“We feel very, very sad,” Ms. Osman said.
Our moral sense depends upon a sense of community, and those ties seem to have become lost.
When I was general counsel, I could say I keep the company out of legal trouble.
Next year, the university will begin offering a master’s to students who commit to starting a high-tech company.
This isn’t the guy we saw on the practice field,’ ” Steve Sabol said last week.
Baby Jane has the ability to do a kind of a gut-level expression that’s confrontational, which is a marvelous thing.
The Marines called it the M.L.R., or main line of resistance — a strip that in some places was a hundred yards wide, in others thousands.
On Thursday morning, more than 24 hours after the crackdown began, thousands of terrified protesters filed out of a Buddhist temple next to the gutted shopping mall after the police negotiated their departure.
The Magic was faltering anyway and probably needed a shakeup.
Thursday at 2 p.m. Free.
He helped the Wolverines win three Big Ten titles, ran for 3,317 yards — the highest total in program history at the time — and scored 26 touchdowns.
The United States, Japan, Germany, Britain and France each have a permanent vote on the board.
Radioactive gas was released, but with the lack of organics in the soil, most concluded it had come from a nonbiological chemical reaction.
Too much information is harrowing, and the opportunity is ripe for an emissary from that simpler (and better) time who can ratify our anxieties and identify the enemy in our midst whom we can blame for the cosmic dread we feel.
She isn’t 7 yet.” With the passing of the years, or simply with the passing of William Shawn, The New Yorker’s scrupulous former editor, McPhee reveals a bawdier side.
He will be remembered for his kindness, his love of adventure, his intelligence, his humor and his tenacious will to survive.
“In the diversity of the community that is New York City , it seems particularly unusual that Italian-Americans would be considered disadvantaged,” said Ada Meloy , general counsel of the American Council on Education .
The Justice Department is also appealing a decision last year to dismiss manslaughter charges that had been brought against five of the guards.
“Can it constitute money laundering if the money wasn’t procured by illegal means originally?” the jury asked.
It took the music industry far too long to catch up with online distribution, so you had things like Napster eating into revenue, and the people suffering were the artists.” Performing artists, many of whom hardly make a living now, can ill afford to have any revenue siphoned off.
I have repeatedly asked the Chinese government to provide me with information, but I have not received any clear answer.” And in a press conference with the British foreign minister, David Miliband, on Tuesday, the Chinese foreign minister, Yang Jiechi, stated that Mr. Gao had been sentenced for subversion charges, but didn’t explain whether this related to the prior conviction or was a new conviction.
The volunteers so often photographed putting up the walls of a standalone house, sometimes with a smiling Jimmy Carter in tow, are now helping erect larger buildings (alongside future residents).
“To the core cyclist, it’s cheating,” said Loren Mooney, editor in chief of Bicycling Magazine.
The North mercilessly hurt the civilians.” That is not to say that he or other South Koreans will really push for a South Korean strike; people south of the border are well aware that the North could devastate Seoul with its weapons.
But “Armida” belongs at the Met.
This Belfast theater company is called Kabosh, and its play, ''This Is What We Sang,'' is about a tiny Jewish community in Belfast.
The £241,250 that it realized is a large price to pay for identification of the sitter only made this year — Freund was the director of the National Bank in Prague.
Mr. Almunia also will need to resolve whether to give greater freedom to online merchants like eBay and Amazon which, like Google, are based in the United States.
The International Cricket Council president, David Morgan, led the tributes to Bedser on Monday, Reuters reported from London.
It is precisely because of my respect for the necessity of the grieving process that I can support its recognition in the diagnostic manual.
It’s going back to “our roots,” Mr. Redford said at a press conference.
But Mr. Netanyahu also has to contend with American and other international pressure to resume a construction freeze on West Bank Jewish settlements.
Since then he has also contributed $16 million to supplement the theater’s annual budget, about $9.5 million.
“Our family has always been contented to make a little less profit in order to ensure our long-term survival,” he said.
On Tuesday, in an extraordinary display of vulnerability and emotion on the floor of the House, Mr. Rangel acknowledged the pain that the ethics investigations had inflicted on him and his party.
While Harlem certainly has its thriving headline institutions — the Apollo Theater, the Studio Museum, the Schomburg Center for Research in Black Culture — many others struggle.
Yet how easily Mr. Crutchfield might have been observing someone else’s performances from the safety of the auditorium, notepad in hand.
The scant options on the Volt include three different colors of premium paint, chrome wheels, rear parking assist and heated leather seats, Mr. Darovitz of G.M.
He, West and I played on the 1959 Pan American Games team.
Technically, it is a submersible.
Why are you wearing them?’ ” she said.
The building’s developer and architect, Alex Barrett, who has two children, designed the apartments with his own family in mind.
Because the construction of nuclear power plants involves heavily unionized workers, labor unions have been mostly supportive.
Trendy complexes like the Toren in downtown Brooklyn and the Edge in Williamsburg started publicizing their F.H.A.-approved status.
Ruddy-faced country folk rubbed shoulders with better-dressed brethren whom retailing specialists might categorize as “aspirational shoppers.” “The prices are slightly higher, but the quality is better,” one man said approvingly.
He rented the North Side home owned by Mr. Emanuel, and declined to give it up when Mr. Emanuel decided this fall to leave Washington and return to Chicago to run for mayor.
Highland is one of New York’s 28 prisons for youths, most of them black or Hispanic boys from New York City.
But like a stubborn virus, the phrase has mutated.
Alberto Culver had annual sales of $1.6 billion for the year ended in June.
All summer “To Kill a Mockingbird” will be relived through at least 50 events around the country, in honor of the 50th anniversary of the publication of a book that became a cultural touchstone and an enduring staple of high school reading programs.
Chile went through the deadly agony of Augusto Pinochet’s brutal military coup in 1973, in a society that had been pulled asunder by the extremisms of the left and right.
Her own visual education, Ms. Bradley said, was rooted in a professional association with Harold Adler, a designer who worked with Bass on the titles for Alfred Hitchcock’s “Vertigo” and was particularly known for the distinctive typography of the credits that open Billy Wilder’s “Seven Year Itch.” Ms. Bradley has begun exploring this world for her next documentary, “Thin for Comedy, Thick for Murder,” whose title is drawn from one of Mr. Adler’s typographical maxims.
The cult, and the notion of the radicalized child, can be read as either Muslim or Christian; in the fantasy industry there’s no need to commit yourself.
This could be a beach house.” Students call 391 a “Lean on Me” school, referring to the movie based on Joe Clark, the principal who tamed an unruly school in Paterson, N.J., with a baseball bat and a bullhorn.
After returning, he received word from the Hall of Fame, and he said even his status as a semifinalist prompted more emotion than he expected.
“America’s Got Talent” remained resilient in the ratings on Tuesday despite intense competition from Major League Baseball’s annual All-Star Game, the top-rated program on the night.
In announcing on June 26, 2000, that the first draft of the human genome had been achieved, Mr. Clinton said it would “revolutionize the diagnosis, prevention and treatment of most, if not all, human diseases.” At a news conference, Francis Collins , then the director of the genome agency at the National Institutes of Health , said that genetic diagnosis of diseases would be accomplished in 10 years and that treatments would start to roll out perhaps five years after that.
Having grown up in Nigeria, Omalu was a young medical examiner in Pittsburgh who happened to be assigned to the pathological review of the brain of Mike Webster , the great Steelers center, who deteriorated rapidly after his playing days and died at 50.
And although Obama authorized the release of memos detailing the use of waterboarding and other techniques now banned, he refused to release photographs showing abuse of detainees.
I tend to think of them the way I did of zinfandels, before so many zinfandels became top-heavy with alcohol.
Hey, I’m the quarterback, so I’m pumped.
He spent almost seven years behind bars until his release in November, meeting the minimum requirement of the range set by the sentencing judge.
That formula has put it in second place in its segment’s sales scrum, behind the Lexus.
Reposing at Martin A. Gleason Funeral Home, Whitestone, NY, Wednesday and Thursday.
Skirting the saccharine moralizing and sticky moments of parent-child bonding that usually accompany babies into screenplays, the film portrays Lucky’s problems with harsh humanism and unglamorous attention to his seedy environment.
Two years ago, when he suggested he would soon be second only to Tiger Woods in the golf world — remarks he said were taken out of context — even some of his friends had to laugh.
The ugly ad wars and the frequent unorthodox remarks of Ms.
“We’re going to believe,” Schiano said.
Championship on Sunday because he accidentally violated a rule, appears to suddenly have the biggest fan club in the sport.
“As I get older, I’m thinking more about stuff like that.
But he focused on his studies at the Bronx High School of Science and was accepted at Columbia, where he plans to major in psychology.
For Poland the issue may be particularly sensitive since it not only has a prime minister but also a president, both of whom often wish to appear on the E.U.
The collection will be like catnip for girls who want to believe in unicorns, wear something that sparkles and escape to another world, all things most women want to do at some point in their lives.
According to the Automated Fare Control experts at New York City Transit, in order to be able to collect a fare when entering and also to provide a free exit, the high turnstiles must revolve clockwise for one group of riders and counterclockwise for the other group, unlike a revolving door, where everyone can move the same way.
Edwin had a great quality of life up until the onset of his brief illness.
Economic data suggests the recovery may have lost steam over the summer.
Coverage of dependents has been eroding for years, experts say, and the trend is likely to accelerate in 2011.
(There is a practical reason why this was a flip-flop neighborhood).
In Oruzgan Province, insurgents at a makeshift checkpoint pulled a district leader out of his vehicle and killed him on Tuesday, the provincial police said.
Secret holds have been used by both parties to halt progress and extort concessions, even after a measure has been enthusiastically approved for advancement by committee majorities.
Just months after we returned to Hong Kong, news about the melamine-laced milk emerged — more than 300,000 infants were made seriously ill and at least six died from kidney stones resulting from drinking formula adulterated with the industrial chemical.
Nowadays a run is part of my early-morning routine, still three miles at a time on most days, four if I have more time.
“Condemned men,” he writes, “usually lost their appetites.” He writes about the hideous concoction of boiled syrup and feces a prisoner might use to scald another.
In mature microfinance markets like Bolivia, for example, where clients are offered a wide selection of products and providers, interest rates have steadily declined.
IRISH DANCE AT QUASSY AMUSEMENT PARK, with hundreds of dancers taking part in an annual competition, Saturday and Sunday at Lake Quassapaug, 2132 Middlebury Road, Middlebury.
Embryonic stem cells can turn into any type of cell in the body.
At a senior staff meeting, Mr. Axelrod, who learned of it by e-mail from a friend in Chicago, raised it with the president.
Dr. Christensen says about a third of the subjects could be described as ''normal, happy couples,'' a significant improvement considering how distressed they were at the start.
and pharmacists to keep people healthier.
He remains unsentimental but kindly.
Television cameras showed a frenzied scene of Islamic youths from the protest helping people onto stretchers and clapping their heads in grief.
She is a daughter of Elizabeth Shamir and Abraham Shamir of Fort Washington, Pa. Mr. Koifman, 30, works in New York as a sales associate in commercial real estate investments at Core Group Marketing, a real estate firm.
All we can say for sure is that different psychological, cultural and social factors combine in myriad ways to produce different viewpoints.
We have to figure out what people will want to buy.
The only years that have had temperatures topping 103 are 1918 (Aug. 7), 1936 (July 9) and 1977 (July 21).
He said business had never been better, attributing the uptick at his casino to the money coming into Haiti for relief projects.
Microsoft announced sweeping changes on Monday to ensure that the authorities in Russia and elsewhere do not use crackdowns on software piracy as an excuse to suppress advocacy or opposition groups, effectively prohibiting its lawyers from taking part in such cases.
4510 McKinney Avenue; (214) 559-4510.
More recently, women have flocked to the Japanese Yuko straightening system and the Brazilian blowout, which drew controversy (over the possibly carcinogenic chemicals it used) even as it gained popularity.
Because of Ginsberg’s prominence, the two men were social pioneers, the first gay “married” couple that many people had ever heard of.
New York officials described the injury as tendinitis after Gebrselassie dropped out.
News that China’s oil purchases had reached a record briefly sent crude prices to their highest levels since 2008, reaching $83.21 a barrel, before settling at $82.52.
So there’s a neat, postmodern, self-­referential beginning, with Clay, the cool observer of his own actions and feelings — or lack of them — observing himself being observed, an acknowledgment that his version of the story may be only one of many.
There were plenty of reasons to send in these SWAT teams.
“Well, you know it’s more a thrill, the defensive side, because it’s hard,” Bryant said.
Yet, “Parallel growth in control and freedom rarely last long,” says Mr. Lagerkvist in “After the Internet, Before Democracy.” Social contracts crumble under the impact of social change.
“That is hardly the case.”
A three-day walkout began March 20 and ended Tuesday.
“It really does work best in cities where the price tags are high,” Mr. Glass said.
Steven E. Barkan Orono, Me., Sept. 16, 2010 The writer is a professor of sociology at the University of Maine.
“Every day we hear on television reports of fraud and negative things taking place,” said Souad Hussein, 45, a teacher in Diyala Province, north of Baghdad.
That's a few more steps than it needs to be.
Yes, Mr. Cameron admitted in response to a reporter’s question during an extraordinary news conference at 10 Downing Street, under the circumstances he did indeed regret having once declared his favorite joke to be “Nick Clegg.” “We’re all going to have things that we said thrown back at us,” Mr. Cameron said, as Mr. Clegg, who has in the past said some nasty things of his own about his new boss, feigned hurt feelings.
Chile’s attacking style was evident during the South American qualifiers, when it finished in second place behind Brazil.
In Arkansas , he saw a MoveOn candidate, Bill Halter , crusading against the bailouts and the spoils culture.
The ruby seeds were so pretty that the year after, when I didn’t make a brisket, I piled them on top of thick Greek yogurt.
Natural gas prices have fallen to about one-third of their highs from two years ago, which means that the plants may have to sell their electricity for far less than they had originally hoped.
Roughly 10 minutes into the second day of a rookie and free-agent minicamp with the Giants , defensive end Jason Pierre-Paul looked spent.
They are unusual in that they do not lay eggs.
Mr. Paterson will suspend the raises by including no money for them in his next emergency bill, which the Legislature will probably pass in the next few days.
Vinokourov was coming off a tiring victory Friday in the multiday Giro del Trentino in Italy and was ostensibly added just to help Alberto Contador, the Astana leader and two-time Tour de France winner, in the Belgian classic.
Many stations told them to remove the words sex and arousal, which proved somewhat challenging for a product having to do with sexual arousal.
It was far more common in the later-19th century when Claire Clairmont wrote the brief note toward a memoir from which Hay quotes.
The Cambodian dictator Pol Pot declared 1975 as Year Zero, and Stalin declared “Moscow Time” as well as the five-day week.
Two administration officials, speaking on the condition of anonymity because of the delicacy of the diplomatic effort, said they were wary of granting Mr. Abdullah, an outspoken opponent of the Karzai government, an audience with top policy makers in Washington and risking angering Mr. Karzai after investing so much time and effort in soothing him.
In a counterintuitive moment, Microsoft’s executives called the software a departure from traditional PC software, saying past fixations on Windows traditions had stifled the company.
We need stable state funding for lawyers to represent people who cannot afford one in civil cases affecting the basic necessities of life.
Jon Horford is not only Tito’s son but is also the younger brother of the Atlanta Hawks star Al Horford.
But we got five, so that’s good enough.” Hawkeyes Win the State Adam Robinson rushed for a career-high 156 yards and a touchdown on 14 carries as No.
At once anxious and dreamy, her rendition of “Joey, Joey, Joey,” from “The Most Happy Fella,” evoked premarital wanderlust and youthful naïveté that are a subtheme of the show.
Radiation was not an issue for him.
Ms. Ball and Mr. Dempsey met in October 2008 through an online dating service.
had failed to prove that Engineered Support Systems’ stock option plan prohibited backdating.
Regulators also closed Westbridge Bank and Trust Company of Chesterfield, Mo., and sold its deposits to Midland States Bank of Effingham, Ill., the F.D.I.C.
Democrats must romance the base that delivered their majorities.
The plane, a Boeing 757-200 bound for San Francisco, sucked the bird into its right engine shortly after takeoff around 4:30 p.m., an F.A.A.
“Who gets to say they are 100 in fashion?” said Narciso Rodriguez.
For Thailand, the project would be a cheap and convenient way to export its dirty refineries across the border.
Jagged strips of decorative copper trim, the edges sharp as fangs, snake around one wall.
“Here, I teach them their history, Garifuna history.
In addition, Ally confirmed that if the customer decided to pull money out before the certificate of deposit matures, the early withdrawal penalty is equal to two months -- or 60 days - of interest.
Both are $5; members, free.
But the tribunal failed to deliver a satisfactory verdict.
For now, all eyes are on one transcendent player, his sore elbow and his dubious legacy.
Here, by the time I get to “That’s Life” and “One for My Baby,” I think, “Enough already.” I’ll buy the first round of drinks, when we’ll talk mainly about other things anyway.
Events are not what drive this narrative; people are.
Some actuaries who have reviewed the state’s plans said that shrinking contributions would make the pension funds shakier, not stronger.
The region remained relatively poor, even as its neighbors — until recently, at least — prospered.
By now some two-thirds of the residents live in the northern part of the village.
In royalty, as in politics, legitimacy counts.
“I’m scared to bring a baby into this awful situation.” Pulling down her blue dress after giving birth, she added, “I need to find a way to survive.” The pregnant are an especially vulnerable subset of victims of the quake that has left so many Haitians homeless and desolate.
KENTUCKY WANTS SECOND LOOK The University of Kentucky is asking the N.C.A.A.
China has become a major financial and trade power.
(Ms. Brinkley was a “Prell Girl” in the 1980s.)
The eventual winner, Vijay Singh, closed with a birdie-less 76 to finish in a three-way tie at eight under, one stroke lower than the first-round leader.
Frostbite, starvation and perhaps scurvy were felling them, and a nine-day blizzard was keeping them imprisoned in their tent.
“I was able to repeat myself and actually feel and make the corrections.” Burnett did not encounter his first bout of turbulence until the third inning.
The products being recalled are Children’s Benadryl allergy Fastmelt tablets, in cherry and grape flavors, and junior-strength Motrin caplets, 24 count, according to the McNeil Web site.
The heirs, however, do not know what the original purchase price was, though they do know the appreciation in that area has been immense.
The technician said that shortly after the cap was successfully placed, Dr. Chu wondered aloud why oil was still spewing from around the bottom.
Michael Hoover Altamonte Springs, Fla., Aug. 15, 2010 The writer is a professor of political science at Seminole State College of Florida.
During the decades when Gary was falling into economic decay and social turmoil, a handful of Latino families lived a separate existence in Cowboy Town, on a piece of land tucked between the I-90 tollway, the Calumet River and a lagoon adjacent to the airport.
announced it was not approving Bydureon, a longer-lasting version of the diabetes drug Byetta, pending further tests.
Of course, the Liberty, a four-time runner-up, arrived for season No.
Secured lenders again won a bankruptcy auction on Thursday for Philadelphia’s two largest newspapers, bidding $105 million in cash.
That’s what I do.’ ” Mr. Thai said he first noticed Ms. Du’s “great personality.” “And then she had an eagerness and a drive to want to know,” he said, “and want to do everything — and then, with that comes the talent.” In celebrity and high-fashion styling, an easy-going demeanor is important for “being able to relate and socialize with that celebrity clientele,” he said.
Last year, more than 2,600 people were killed in mining accidents in China.
As we joined him at his stove during the Tuscan beef dinner — one of the evening’s pleasures if you like to cook is that you are right there in the kitchen — Mr. Colby recounted his efforts to grill beef ribs as tender as those in Koreatown.
Government lawyers argued that a lawsuit filed by offshore service companies over the May 28 moratorium was moot because the Interior Department imposed a new, temporary drilling ban on July 12.
New York has been the holdout in insisting that a couple could get a no-fault divorce only if both partners agreed to secure a separation decree and then lived apart for one year.
Told recently about Mr. Barber’s history, Roger Wickes, the county attorney, said, “I would have assumed the board would have been concerned had they known about it.” By the time Ms. Hurell-Harring made her trip across the state, Mr. Barber’s troubles were piling up.
CHRISTOPHER BROOKS Ross’ Bread, 109 Danbury Road, Ridgefield; rossbread.com or (203) 438-4822.
Lilly has been through this doubt and uncertainty before.
“Hell, he’s a great kid.
Then she’d cry for it.
He apparently came to the F.B.I.’s attention in October after striking up an acquaintanceship with a government informant.
“The situation is devastating,” said Robert Gordon, an economics professor at Northwestern and an expert on the labor market.
That’s one of the reasons I loved him.
We can’t do anything that might unsettle them, like shutting down the government.
On Wednesday, Andrews reported having difficulty sleeping because the pain in his back was so severe.
“It upsets me that they’ll leave, but this is something we’ve never had.” Some people here agree with Julian Rosales, a college student, who said of the Nets, “They’re just using us for a while.” And the team itself is something of an enigma, coming off a 12-70 season, with a new owner, a new general manager, a new coach and a host of new players.
Among the more recent cooperative efforts is a cross-border study in the Arava Valley involving biologists at the University of Haifa and colleagues from Jordan.
Realtor.com now lists eight single-families from $400,000 to $450,000, including a four-bedroom two-bath ranch at $428,998, with taxes of $7,773 a year.
Caldwell was right not to go for it that early, Sackrowitz determined.
The 2006 World Cup went to Germany by one vote after one FIFA committee member, the New Zealand representative, abstained in the final round of voting between Germany and South Africa.
The Commerce Department and State Department have questioned whether it would inhibit innovation, as well as whether repressive regimes might harness the same capabilities to identify political dissidents, according to officials familiar with the discussions.
“The families still stick together,” she said.
Rigal gives the example in the diagramed deal.
To wit, how to make Isabella’s virginity-first campaign seem the result of unworldliness and innocence rather than a blinkered, self-righteous rectitude?
This is a convenient grain to keep on hand in the pantry.
For example, the top 50 titles in ZIP code 10024 on the Upper West Side were much like those in Chappaqua and Maplewood, N.J.
Mr. Stein’s wife of 65 years, the former Anne Kopelman, died in 2005.
Major Pettigrew dimly knows this woman as Mrs. Ali.
Federal investigators have denied she was a snitch.
He is survived by his wife Catherine, his daughters Grainne, Emma and Tallie, his father Carl, brothers Robert and Carl and sisters Debbie and Lilly, and Carla Caputo.
But pointedly stopped short of urging lawmakers to approve the deals, which had been signed by Mr. Bush.
Mr. Donovan seems to be trying to appeal to disaffected voters, including conservatives and independents, who are fed up with Albany and do not think favorably of Mr. Sharpton.
Here are beaded hats made by his maternal grandmother, along with faded photographs of a great-great aunt, Erminia Frezzolini, a celebrated 19th-century soprano who sang at the premieres of two Verdi operas at La Scala in Milan.
We’re going to need that military jet back.
Google projects that 15 million passengers will use the free service this holiday season.
This drug is also the main financial support for Taliban insurgents and a main cause of government corruption, and destroys numerous lives worldwide.
On the one hand, the job of Supreme Court justice now seems to require a very specific set of qualifications.
The report recommends that companies adopt simpler, more transparent and streamlined ways of presenting consumers with their options rather than the “long, incomprehensible privacy policies that consumers typically do not read, let alone understand.” And the report recommends that data brokers give consumers “reasonable access” to any data they have collected.
DANIEL BOULUD His unnamed restaurant next to Bar Boulud at Lincoln Center will specialize in grilled food.
This spring, cutbacks have largely ended the opportunity for community college students to move into the state university system, which enrolls 433,000 students.
They used to sit there together, and in recent years, Mr. Thompson said, the green space has provided solace.
POLITICIANS and journalists feared and mocked them.
Ms. Bachelet later announced that the government had reached a deal with supermarket chains to give away food to needy residents.
Officials with the E.P.A., which is overseeing the dredging by the General Electric Company under the Superfund program, estimate that the project may take 7 to 10 years, rather than the 6 years originally anticipated.
If you’re a second off or a hundredth of a second off, you’re going to be in trouble and it’s going to cause a lot of problems.”
Eve: wife, mother, grandmother, teacher, writer, artist, actress, photographer, hostess, puzzler and a huge fan of the New York Yankees.
“Paul reshaped what an investment bank is supposed to look like,” said Wilson Ervin, a senior adviser to Mr. Dougan at Credit Suisse, which has emerged from the crisis in better shape than most of its peers.
And when we think we’ve at least gotten a sense of the brain’s mysteries, we stumble across another.
worker earned over $70 an hour in wages and benefits before bankruptcy, the figure is now about $57, according to a study the Center for Automotive Research in Ann Arbor, Mich. By contrast, labor costs for Toyota — whose workers do not belong to unions — in the United States are about $50 an hour.
And a four-piece band plugged into a P.A.
Some executives at banks in Europe had voiced concern that regulators would establish stringent limits on pay that would make it harder to compete outside of the region.
He gave the knee a strong test on Thursday and insisted afterward that he would “definitely” go through a full practice on Friday.
Volunteers erected 300 crosses on Veterans Day in 2006, and by Feb. 26, 2007, there were more than 2,000.
But if you want to read about them, stop right here.
Mrs. Yohai liked to let everyone know of her husband’s contribution to between-meal crunchies, according to a 2005 Newsday profile.
For years, Germany played the role in Europe that America so frequently plays globally — the locomotive whose dynamism and demand helps turn around recessions before they deepen into depressions.
The existence of this bill is a signal that some legislators want something much better.
Fresh Ginger Ginger Ale by Bruce Cost is $2.50 for 12 ounces at Dean & DeLuca stores and cafes, and at Blue Apron Foods in Park Slope, Brooklyn.
Once all the recalled cars are fixed, he said, the company would probably offer “some really good deals.” As for the present, Jeremy Anwyl, chief executive of Edmunds.com, said it was clear that some consumers thought “that they might have a pretty strong negotiating position.” On Tuesday, Edmunds.com said transaction prices for Toyotas dropped several hundred dollars after Toyota’s Jan. 27 announcement that it was halting production and suspending sales of eight models until their accelerator assemblies could be fixed.
The Supreme Court reversed the appeals court ruling in Thursday’s decision, Black v. United States, No.
If the modern, skyscraper-crowned city of Frankfurt is Germany's Manhattan, its Bornheim neighborhood could be called Germany's version of Williamsburg, Brooklyn.
Dr. Fremer said it was common, for example, for students to lose their place in a test and erase a string of answers once they realized the mistake.
initiative puts baseball ahead of the National Football League on the drug-testing front.
Kohl’s shares fell $1.28 to $46.50.
NATO officials say that Iran is paying for, arming and training Taliban fighters, as well as financing political candidates in the parliamentary elections.
Luis García Berlanga, an influential Spanish filmmaker who tweaked the fascist regime of Gen. Francisco Franco and its censors with shrewdly subversive social satires, died on Saturday in Madrid.
The Swiss have handled American interests in Iran ever since the United States severed diplomatic relations with Tehran after the 1979 Islamic Revolution.
“What we were doing, it’s not enough, it wasn’t enough,” she said recently, in a restaurant across from Harlem Hospital Center.
She has looks and fame.
repealed rules that barred short-selling unless the last move in the stock had been up.
It does not take creationism or intelligent design as serious alternatives to the theory of evolution.
I come from academia and found the brutality of these people very dangerous.” Then the American-educated economist quickly turned to the populist catchphrases of the Latin American left.
Now we need to think more sensibly about building houses that people want to stay in.
She scooched over to make room at the table, drawing her legs up under her onto the banquette.
“They’ve made clear their intention to attack the United States and our allies,” the official said.
“I knew by halfway I was going to break the record,” Gebremariam said, according to a New York Road Runners official.
Today a “filibuster” consists of merely telling the leadership that 41 senators won’t vote for a bill.
As the current immobilized him, Mr. Bryan fell to the ground, fracturing four teeth.
— better known as the Wobblies — was a swaggering, radical union with 100,000 members and legendary leaders like Mary Harris Jones (known as Mother Jones) and Big Bill Haywood.
And not every case is the fault of pipeline operators.
But Sharapova, seeded 14th here, has willed and worked her way back to a higher plane, stabilizing her serve and reaching the finals of the two hardcourt events she played this summer before arriving in New York.
In 2009 alone the number of people the United States directly supported on treatment increased from approximately 1.7 million to nearly 2.5 million.
As I’ve noted before , there seem to be two Catholic Churches, the old boys’ club of the Vatican and the grass-roots network of humble priests, nuns and laity in places like Sudan.
But they are veddy British in other respects: Three prominent super-rich non-doms are among the biggest backers of the Labour and Conservative party candidates in the ongoing election.
It spanned the Jam’s bitter media critique, “That’s Entertainment,” and a new song, “That Dangerous Age,” about comfortable grown-ups longing for excitement.
In the United States , the direct fishing pressure on bluefin continues — but perhaps a larger problem is that a large quantity of North American bluefin are caught accidentally as “by-catch” when industrial long-liners deploy their legions of hooks in search of yellowfin tuna over the bluefin’s spawning grounds in the Gulf of Mexico.
His father is a founder and the chairman of the Institutes for Pharmaceutical Discovery in Branford, Conn. Ms. Ayala said she was not at all interested in a relationship when a friend began talking about a man she “just had to meet.” “I was really enjoying my career at ‘Dateline’ traveling on long-term assignments,” she said, “so I wasn’t really interested in a blind date or a relationship for that matter, especially when I heard the words ‘M.B.A.’ and ‘finance.’ ” Not only did they have very different jobs, but they also came from very different backgrounds.
“The idea that these things could be perfect is a fallacy,” said Gavin Schmidt, a climate researcher at Columbia University.
And these days the interesting things done by people who don’t know they are interesting can be instantly referenced on “South Park” or “Family Guy” or just reported as news.
“The old compact” has changed, Fanning tells Holland, and the public’s “old assurances” that government, business and the news media will respect their interests have expired.
He made his Met debut as Ferrando in "Cosi fan tutte" in 1985, and appeared as the Witch in "Hansel and Gretel" just two months ago.
concert production of ''Bells Are Ringing,'' the Comden and Green musical with a score by Jule Styne, Encores!
“This is the polar opposite of the Wall Street view of things.” This evolving approach to M.B.A.’s comes at a time when there is something of a boom for a mid-career business education in Japan.
“And none of them actually work.” At stake is not only the spacious mayoral digs in San Francisco’s ornate City Hall, but also the possibility of running the city for nearly a year until voters formally elect a new mayor for a four-year term next November.
Outside Comerica Park, before the game, fans left little doubt as to how they viewed Joyce’s incorrect call on Wednesday night, which kept the 28-year-old Galarraga from becoming the third major league pitcher this year, and the 21st in history, to throw a perfect game.
The case came to light largely through the work of an independent monitor, Toby Thacher, whom the transportation authority hired to check on the projects.
The vote is likely to be close, with 24 votes needed to change the current rule.
In Congo, the story is about a girls team used as a vehicle to try and prevent violence against women, which is a huge problem in that country.
And the firm would not have to court investors in a difficult fund-raising climate.
and the U.S. Treasury want to do, but surely you’d be quite worried going down the route of floating the business in Hong Kong, said Anthony Silverman, an analyst at Standard and Poor’s Equity Research in London who thinks the current price of the deal is too high.
The program also includes an arrangement of Shostakovich’s Chamber Symphony in F. At 8:30 p.m., Zankel Hall, Carnegie Hall , (212) 247-7800, carnegiehall.org; $48 to $56.
One play exemplified the night: Farmar, sprawled on the court, reaching a loose ball ahead of Rondo, then flipping it ahead to Bryant on the fast break.
Mr. Blando said the two “should be considered armed and extremely dangerous.” He said there was a $40,000 reward for information leading to their arrest.
THE ALIENS By Annie Baker; directed by Sam Gold; sets by Andrew Lieberman; costumes by Bobby Fredrick Tilley II; lighting by Tyler Micoleau; sound by Bart Fasbender; songs by Michael Chernus, Patch Darragh and Erin Gann.
He criticizes Mr. Garton Ash for pointing out in The New York Review of Books that Ms. Hirsi Ali had been awarded the “Hero of the Month” prize from Glamour magazine, as if this were proof that she couldn’t be taken seriously.
The Javanese and Balinese printed batik leaves and gilded flowers on Chinese silk, a Javanese sultan wore a batik skirt patterned with palm fruits and Dutch flags, and tribal leaders had Dutch beads sewn onto their palm-fiber bags for betel-chewing supplies.
It is more expensive to offer classes with smaller enrollments, and it requires the faculty to adopt new methods.
Other works succeed because the artists don’t let the original source of the materials dictate the art’s form.
So stop making it all about you and just breathe.’ ” It worked, she said: “I just had the best time.” And according to Nielsen BookScan, “The Comfort Table” went on to sell about 33,000 copies: not a runaway success, but a showing respectable enough to guarantee a follow-up.
“Basically, we have to be here because of you guys,” he added, referring to the news media.
It featured the Chargers, who are on a scary tear toward the playoffs, writes Ann Killion on SI.com , and the 49ers, who are just frightful.
It was a fast fall for Mr. Hochfelder, a Long Island native and University of Pennsylvania graduate who was associated with an enviable real estate portfolio in his 20s.
Happily, for those who need a last-minute gift for the anxious Christian in their life, the year just past featured two thick, impressive books that wrestle with exactly these complexities.
First came Pitof, the Frenchman going by one name who directed a Hollywood flop, “Catwoman.” He left before production began.
“We only wish we had met earlier in our lives,” Jones said one afternoon wistfully.
Within Germany, politicians close to Mrs. Merkel dismiss the notion that Berlin is putting German national interests before Europe’s.
Services, Wednesday 11:30am at "The Riverside", 76th St. and Amsterdam Ave.
Beloved husband and best friend for 60 years of Muriel (Rosenberg), adored father of Lisa Kramer and Laurie and Jerry Rockoff, and adoring grandfather of Zachary and Max.
At the concert “Glee” was the star, not its individual performers — the clear-skinned 20-somethings who play its teenagers.
Turns out they were building something, too.
He said he hoped the culling of the catalog would improve the visibility of lesser-known apps.
“He was adventurous.” And pushing the limits was his gift to gardeners.
The U.S. debt now may lose its triple-A rating.
The order upholds a Federal District Court ruling in Sacramento last week.
With five original albums to their credit, Laurie Berkner , a children’s musician based in Manhattan, and her band just released a 20-track greatest-hits collection, “The Best of the Laurie Berkner Band” (Two Tomatoes Records).
Senate Republicans do not deny that Mr. DeMint has opened a rift.
Officials blame the midday congestion on a high level of commercial deliveries, which can clog side streets and stop up intersections.
This piece should fit right in at Darmstadt today.
One established player that appears to accept Mr. Obama’s plan is United Launch Alliance, a 50-50 joint venture of Boeing and Lockheed Martin.
We aren’t meant to dwell on these thoughts, however, and this cotton-candy production distracts us easily.
Wednesdays through Fridays, noon to 5 p.m.; October through June, Saturdays and Sundays, 10 a.m. to 5 p.m.
So it takes a concerted effort to gather enough to make it worth one’s while.” But what if manufacturers could make coupon offers on the spot, as you stood in the aisle, within sight of the promoted product?
“They took the job I loved most,” he said.
Relations between Russia and Belarus soured further in April when Belarus gave refuge to the former Kyrgyz president, Kurmanbek S. Bakiyev , who was criticized by Moscow.
There are currently 170 assistant United States attorneys in the Chicago office, an increase of about 50 lawyers from a decade ago.
“When I asked what reform means, it means to sack Mr. Ludin and Mr. Najafi,” he said then, lionizing both men.
Only chromosome 4 was a problem.
Mr. Kiesle served three years’ probation for his misdemeanor and underwent treatment, enabling him to eventually get his record wiped clean.
Volpe’s stars were aligned that day,” Mr. Bump said.
I believe that reassurance is related not only to a particular concrete threat or ally, but rather to the political will and readiness to fulfill the basic task of the alliance — collective defense.
A Gallup report issued on Tuesday underscored just how out of line we are.
LeFreakOl?Anabela Lubisse's colorful clothes made from vintage fabrics nearly burst out of this tiny boutique.
Soon afterward, the paper’s popular Web site came under a cyberattack that became a story in its own right, and provided more free publicity.
The days when people were out in public and simply unavailable for phone calls seem like a long-ago dream.
The deck is clearly stacked — it makes “Oleanna” look fair and balanced — but the play’s right-of-center politics are no more didactic than its liberal counterparts and even hint at complexity.
She will be traveling on Sunday for a long stint in Abu Dhabi, and will be leaving Mr. Bissinger alone with the dog, and his Twitter account.
So legal experts say the decision by the European Court of Justice in Luxembourg will be watched closely around the world.
“The ripple effects to their reputation are huge,” said John R. Kimberly, a professor at the University of Pennsylvania’s Wharton School.
The story can’t be written.
4 starter disguised as someone better.
The alleged assault happened shortly before 8 p.m. on Halloween in the apartment she had shared with Mr. Johnson and her 13-year-old son for about four years, according to police records.
''The way she was hit took her whole body out from under her, and she landed directly on her head,'' said her mother, Christine White, of Pataskala, Ohio.
Pagan, the Mets’ leading hitter, at .301, has been slumping for the last couple weeks.
Or their research on humans,” he said.
That’s why in late July, Mr. Smith hosted a sit-down dinner for 175 on a newly poured outdoor patio at the estate to benefit The Oxford American, a Southern literary magazine based in Conway, Ark., but also a fledgling group called the Heritage Poultry Conservancy, which is working to preserve slow-growing breeds like Plymouth Rocks and Silver Laced Wyandottes.
Since the first intifada of the early 1990s, more than a million migrants from the developing world have come to Israel to replace the Palestinians , who were the country’s original source of cheap labor.
(Maybe you’re inspired, for example, by the release of Google’s new, free App Inventor software.)
There are social switching costs, too.
Sol Adler, Executive Director Helaine Geismar Katz, Associate Executive Director Henry Timms, Director, Charles Simon Center Susan Engel, Director, Lectures
It is largely through the group that Mr. Lopez’s Brooklyn Democratic machine has been able to generate thousands of votes and armies of volunteers.
As soloists, the two superb pianists offer insightful and profoundly expressive music making; here they proved ideally matched collaborators.
But as a businessman, I want to know what kind of profit is going to be generated for Africa for hosting the World Cup.
They chatted with him about their Diwali plans and modeled their first communion suits and dresses for him.
Most of the tickets were given away free in Detroit on Monday morning, resulting in a decidedly pro-Lions crowd of 45,910 at 65-000 seat Ford Field.
Among the 360,000 dishwashers, 28 percent are undocumented, according to the estimates.
HORACIO SILVA PHOTO: AMERICAN SCENE: The artist Bill Morrow photographed by the choreographer Jerome Robbins in Quogue, N.Y., in 1957, from Bruce Weber's latest book.
The great hope for the future of liberalism lies in the changing demographics of the country.
He just became a partner.
For example, Rahsan Ecevit, widow of Bulent Ecevit, the late Socialist prime minister, had cut ties with the C.H.P.
Follow Leading Off on Twitter: twitter.com/zinsernyt
On a weekday evening Dutch artists in the middle of a two-month residency offered a talk on the sidewalk along with homemade fruit tarts.
When they were fired on by insurgents in the nearby hills, they radioed for artillery support, a request that was rejected on the ground that civilians might be injured.
“He was raw — very raw — but you could tell he had a great arm and a lot of potential,” McMurtry said in a telephone interview.
The wedding plans were briefly interrupted in April when Mr. Portugal and eight other college students (four of them in the wedding party) chained themselves to the doors of the State Capitol Building in Phoenix to protest the immigration bill.
“I’m really playing for her,” Micheel said.
Pacific Avenue isn’t usually a sought-after property in the game of Monopoly, which uses real Atlantic City street names.
Structurally typical of the 1830s, the candelabra are unique for the chiseled metallic tracery that covers them right up to the top.
Nor will the difficulty of clubs’ trying to build teams in the brief summer break.
“I think D.C. is becoming kind of a cool place to be, and so as a young person coming to Congress last year, it’s been fun for me,” he said in an interview in his fifth-floor suite in the Cannon House Office Building.
Peer will next faced top-seeded Caroline Wozniacki, who came back from 1-5 in the second set to beat Dominika Cibulkova, 6-2, 7-6 (2).
Laurence Fishburne makes a cameo appearance as an earlier visitor to the planet who claims to have survived for “10 seasons” in this lush land of poisonous flowers and waterfalls, where the sun doesn’t seem to move across the sky.
Governors and state lawmakers, already facing some of the toughest budgets since the Great Depression , said the repercussions would extend far beyond health care, forcing them to make deep cuts to education, social services and public safety.
PRESIDENT OBAMA 10 days ago set out one important element in the needed structural reform of the financial system.
A stranger on the street in Denmark knows from Arvid’s blue bicycle that he “was not Danish, for all Danish bicycles are black.” More than one scene takes place on a rickety ferry called the Holger Danske, a suspiciously foreign, notoriously unreliable vehicle of this journey across the River Styx to the past.
Michael (Matthew Micucci) is a new employee at a messy bookstore, and upon arriving for his first day of work he is immediately taken with Edie (Stephanie Wright Thompson), a co-worker with an unrelenting ache about her.
The piece had never made so much sense to me as when Mr. Gilbert conducted it.
But, Mr. Roth said, there is still time for viewers to find a word or two that will sum up “The Social Network” — much as “plastics” did for “The Graduate,” with a script by Calder Willingham and Buck Henry , in 1967.
Transcendence may not be achieved, but “Super Natural” shows us the hard, hard way toward it.
Think of it as a 100-lane highway with various lanes set aside for particular uses, including AM and FM radio, TV and wireless computer technology.
The fact that the drug also blocked ALK was considered unimportant.
The messages are shorter versions of 60-second public service announcements called ''Profile America'' that the Census Bureau has been making available to radio stations for 13 years and on its Web site.
Still, the issue is an extremely delicate one between the Afghan and American governments.
This was money in the bank: Rivera had not taken a loss in 51 consecutive postseason games.
“All those effects are subtle,” Mr. Lepage said.
Fill in your e-mail address and click the Create Alert button to stop chasing the latest information and have it come to you.
But then a Loveland city councilor, Daryle W. Klassen, began getting complaints about the print, many of them calling for its removal, particularly because it was displayed in a museum supported by taxpayers.
“Raga Unveiled: The History and Essence of North Indian Classical Music,” a documentary by Gita Desai that celebrates the artistry and origins of North Indian classical music, featuring Ravi Shankar, Zakir Hussain, Ali Akbar Khan, Samir Chatterjee, Ashwi and more.
A dagger (†) indicates that some bookstores report receiving bulk orders.
Stephen J. Herman, a New Orleans lawyer, called it “kind of ironic” to have Mr. Feinberg complaining about lack of documentation when he all but discouraged people from using lawyers to pursue their claims.
(''The only thing they did was fight, play video games or watch TV,'' he recalls.)
The hardest thing about Sichuanese cooking, Ms. Dallas told me, is timing.
They pressured Ben Roethlisberger — “We were able to hogtie him down a couple of times,” Belichick said — while protecting Brady enough to allow the short passes on which the offense thrives.
After the announcement, banking analysts rushed to affirm their glowing outlook for Goldman stock — analysts at Credit Suisse confirmed their “outperform” rating for Goldman, saying the deal removed an overhang for Goldman.
But he is also deeply interested in art history, frequently appropriating and deforming figures from famous paintings.
She said there were plans to promote a national prevention strategy.
Sometimes the way to the top is to go straight at the middle.
The betrayal of public trust and collective values that Mr. Ferguson chronicles was far more brazen and damaging than the adultery in Nathaniel Hawthorne’s novel, which treated Hester more as scapegoat than villain.
While American’s executives have repeatedly stressed that they see no need to jump into the merger game, analysts have expressed frustration at the company’s go-slow approach to reducing costs and expanding revenues.
In little more than a decade, BP grew from a middleweight into the industry’s second-largest company, behind only Exxon Mobil, with soaring profits, fat dividends and a share price to match.
During his regular spot Tuesday on Sirius NFL Radio, Tomlin said that the N.F.L.’s insistence on strictly enforcing dangerous hits meant Harrison would need to alter his tackling style.
The nationwide poll was conducted May 6-9, using both land-line phones and cellphones.
Ms. Winfrey remains heavily involved in editing.
But in the wake of “Mad Men,” nothing from the Kennedy era looks the same, and Sherman’s albums — his eight original collections on Warner Brothers Records are being reissued Tuesday on the Collectors’ Choice label — can be read as both lighthearted crowd pleasers and glimpses into a culture of rat-race conformity.
“I don’t see it as something that affects the team,” he said, speaking of the questions about his status.
Served with head intact — the cheek meat is thought to be a delicacy — it came in a mildly spicy lemon sauce with a scattering of vegetables and slices of lemon.
To make sure the site is covering the categories where consumers are doing Web searches for cheap products, Cheapism staff members use keyword analysis tools to keep tabs on search activity.
Various roes are $3 to $6 an ounce; cured seafood products range from $4.50 for a peppered mackerel fillet to $25 a pound for gravlax; and smorrebrod start at $3 each .
Suspicions Fall on Shrimpers When Lt. Donald Armes of the Mississippi Marine Patrol heard about the rash of dead sea turtles littering the state’s shores, his first thought was not of oil but of shrimp boats.
Reyes lives in the community, too, and his carpeted weight room is filled with machines he built himself.
He completed his first 12 passes, finally misfiring early in the third quarter only to avoid a sack.
Still, the Giants have serious football-related work to do in Albany.
“Now, there appears to be a very healthy competition going on.”
He has exhibited it at a museum in Colorado and at collector events.
The House version contains no such measure, so these necessary controls can become law only if the amendment survives the reconciliation process.
She graduated from college with a bachelor’s degree in psychology and sociology in 2008 and has since completed a paralegal certificate and a victim’s assistance certificate.
I’ve got one pushing out my back right now.” Mr. Benefield, 26, was not present, but he is expected to join Ms. Bell and Mr. Guzman at a news conference Wednesday at the Brooklyn offices of one of their lawyers, Sanford A. Rubenstein.
BERRY--William Augustus: September 29, 1933, Jacksonville, TX - January 3, 2010, Columbia, MO.
Playfulness shades into detachment; real emotion, which would throw off Mr. Gomes’s scheme, is replaced, Almodóvar-style, by lush pop music and visual metaphors (a forest fire, a mural of the solar system).
(Anusara, based on Iyengar, is similar in its attention to alignment.)
The poem is about a man searching for a woman at a busy festival, about the search for clarity amid chaos.
While the abuse crisis will forever remain a shameful and irrevocable part of its history, the church has shown its fervent commitment to preventing this tragedy from ever occurring again.
Though Mr. Magnitsky’s lawyers sought an independent autopsy after his death, they were unable to secure one.
Directed by Ole Schell and Sara Ziff; director of photography, Mr. Schell; edited by Mr. Schell, Ms. Ziff and James Lefkowitz; music by Jordan Galland, Morningwood; produced by David Hochschild, Mr. Schell, Ms. Ziff and Mr. Lefkowitz; released by Strand Releasing.
Two investors — Xtreme Power of Austin, Tex., and Clairvoyant Energy of Santa Barbara, Calif. — plan to hire 4,000 workers by late 2011 to make solar panels and battery systems for utilities.
In accordance with Danish law, the judge ordered that his name be withheld pending future court appearances, and that he be held in custody for the next four weeks, two of them in isolation.
She insisted that Mr. Edwards was “available” and that his marriage was over before she got involved, noting archly that a husband is not property that can be “stolen.” That view was disputed by Jenny Sanford who said on “The View,” also on Thursday, that Ms. Hunter, like her ex-husband’s Argentine mistress, should not have gotten involved with a married man.
The heel had a bulbous, sculptured Brancusi quality, which was wholly dysfunctional and sublime.
There are about 200 United Nations employees in Kandahar.
Mr. Chisam, a graduate of Auburn University and Temple Law School, also wrote a textbook on immigration practice.
Mr. Lukic has devoted his career to exploring these possibilities, and “Nonobject” features his proposals for more intuitive products, or “nonobjects,” as he and Mr. Katz call them.
I wonder where that is?
''You got your double E's - fifth row - your double F's - sixth row - like that.
Donations in his memory may be made to the Juvenile Diabetes Research Foundation (JDRF), Long Island Chapter.
He talks warmly about his second wife, Dee Hilfiger (the former Dee Ocleppo), with whom his lives in an apartment at the Plaza Hotel.
Congress debated but rejected restricting the purchase of sugared drinks with food stamps as part of a 2008 farm bill , Mr. Hacker said.
THE house was an ordinary house: It bore him no malice.
It took effort, but I remembered many of my classmates who were present, or at least felt something very familiar about them.
The couple met at Johns Hopkins in 2008, where the bride is pursuing a master’s degree in health science and the bridegroom is a fourth-year medical student.
One genius per company was the rule of the day, and amid the hurly-burly of a rapidly expanding postwar marketplace, that policy made sense.
Europe should stop being a bystander.
Gonzalez chose a defense that did not work, and Manuel chose an offensive play that did.
Like Mr. Bakas, his goal now is to get Napa with the program, using his own experience as a guide.
“Being a top 10 team by Christmas was one of our goals,” Weber said.
There is also a DDB Health Worldwide division of DDB, so the start-up of DDB Remedy makes DDB, if not a healthy agency, then certainly a health-focused agency.
Roughly a century ago, many Swedes immigrated to America.
PHOTO: EY-ya-fyat-lah-YOH-kuht: JUDY BOYKIN, a tourist from Martinsburg, W. Va., when trying to pronounce Eyjafjallajokull.
The thrills all came from what was built in: the lines Ms. Dyer sang in her strong voice, accurately jumping octaves; the placement of the hard thumps that poked through the songs; and the digital pedals both players use to shift pitch on their guitars, further blurring the identity of their instruments, giving a crazy zero-gravity feeling to your hearing.
New rules in either soccer or finance shouldn’t put any more burden on individual referees.
Shares of telecommunications companies, consumer goods makers, financials and industrials drove the indexes higher, even after recent tepid economic reports that showed a weak job market and slack retail sales.
Mrs. Clinton has had a few notable victories.
It’s a logical assumption, but only the donors and the chamber know for sure.
“And to a guy who’s not Moses Malone,” the reporter said.
An 18-year-old Richmond man is charged with three counts of attempted murder.
She narrates her life in a stream of self-deprecating wisecracks, her punch lines tinged with desperation.
“Hooper was just missed completely,” Mr. Hargens said.
On Wednesday, Sotheby’s took over with a smaller sale in which 50 works added up to $190 million.
If he ever turned in a performance like the one he had in Game 5 against the Celtics, he would never be allowed to forget it — which, in the long run, would only help his game further develop and blossom.
Many have been exhibited at the Los Angeles County Museum of Art.
That’s good news for connoisseurs of this treat, especially since a fleet of Maine fishermen, the Port Clyde Fresh Catch, has organized a Community Supported Fisheries program, similar to those in which consumers receive regular deliveries of fresh produce directly from farmers.
Mr. Wolstencroft nonetheless held a screening of “L.A.
I’d like to think that it’s just me, but the truth is that never before have I heard so many people I know say they’re deeply worried about America — more worried than they’ve ever been, even.
“It is a struggle between two fronts,” said Asos Hardi , editor in chief of Awene, an independent Kurdish newspaper.
Most polls have him higher than Clinton and Reagan at a similar time in office, and higher since the election revealed the heartless, corporate-owned face of his opposition.
It turns out that products abound that could have made many moments of my trip more pleasant and, in some cases, more frugal, too.
“This is going to make for an exciting period between now and the convention, where the potential candidates will be doing their best to make their case,” Mr. Cox said.
Wah-Nee’s 375 campers — ages 7 to 17 and split into two teams during a furtive 1 a.m. confab by the eight counselors secretly tapped as generals and lieutenants — duked it out in soccer and dodgeball and table tennis and capture the flag.
The orders from Emirates, which carries passengers from all over the world through its Dubai base, illustrate how the recovery is being led by airlines in the Middle East.
A combination of big-ticket sales — Google, for instance, recently paid $1.8 billion for a Manhattan office building in one of the biggest deals since Lehman collapsed — and solid returns on some investments have breathed life back into commercial real estate.
Originally envisioned as a campus for nonprofit organizations, the park has become a more conventional entertainment zone, with restaurants, housing and a Disney museum.
He will be remembered not only for his distinguished contribution to science but as a devoted husband and father as well.
“Or somebody who is a great guest who takes a lot of pictures that’s going to be fun to be around?” But perhaps his biggest asset is that the well-to-do trust him to present them in the most flattering light.
One woman recalled a Russian holiday a few years ago on which she and her son were the only worshipers.
A few drivers have sparked feuds, which make for great theater.
“The issue is that here we had somebody that we trusted, or one of our contractors trusted, and that trust was misplaced,” Mr. Bloomberg told reporters.
Now, he said, with all the fighting going on, the newcomers are asked to “bring enough money so they can support the groups and themselves.” The parents of Abi — her mother is German and her father is from a West African country — are appalled by their daughter’s transformation from a Westernized dental student to a radicalized Muslim.
It boasted that it had greatly increased rank-and-file involvement after imposing the trusteeship and had negotiated a solid contract with Kaiser that included three annual 3 percent raises and no increase in out-of-pocket health care payments.
Dolphins have passed the famed mirror self-recognition test, which bespeaks possession of an inner life and a concomitant concern with its packaging.
Since it was introduced last March, Foursquare has amassed more than 1.8 million users and says it is adding new ones at the rate of roughly 10,000 a day.
“Yet to mine the relationship for its lasting values, you have to discover skills that you have no inkling of at first.” Mr. Mendes said he was intrigued by their dynamic.
The World Trade Organization on Monday upheld the Obama administration’s decision last year to impose tariffs of up to 35 percent on tires from China, rejecting a complaint by Beijing that the punitive duties violated international agreements.
It was locked, so Mr. Nguyen fired a few shots, shattering the glass.
IT happened again this month, a familiar pop culture cycle: the provocative pose, the righteous fuss, the blushing assurance that no offense was intended.
Now, intent on remaining a major force in the majors, he finds himself with two: Severin Luethi, his longtime confidant from Switzerland, and Paul Annacone, the former American player turned mentor who has worked with Pete Sampras and Tim Henman.
“I find the whole thing incredibly poetic,” Mr. Stark said.
And I know I’m going to make you do the move I want you to do.” Tim Floyd, Artest’s first N.B.A.
They are known as punks and jailbait and everyone defers to them, everybody spoils them as people do to what they recognize as poetic.
The arrangement, confirmed by a White House official and later in Congress, became a source of controversy among liberals who faulted the administration for giving away too much and Republicans who had traditionally been supported by the pharmaceutical industry.
We don’t have control over it.
The film was supposed to include footage of the new store, Dr. Edbril said, but she eventually gave up.
“Deterrence should and will remain central to NATO,” said Imants Liegis, defense minister of Latvia, who has seen the draft.
RIO DE JANEIRO WHY NOW Caipirinha and samba keep the party going in Rio de Janeiro, no matter the season.
Any careful reader might guess that expressing oneself in two languages at the same time, when each employs different word order, simply wouldn’t work.
The same executive said the Chicago Bulls had dropped out of the running for Anthony because they refused to include center Joakim Noah in a proposal.
“Prices listed on the bill often don’t represent what the insurer or the patient will ultimately pay.” The prices ultimately paid to a hospital can vary considerably for treatment of similar medical problems.
“You got to.” He then bet on the number 10 horse in Belmont’s sixth race.
And, at about $24, the Itzbeen is cheap.
In 2006, the Army of Islam joined Hamas, which now controls Gaza, in capturing an Israeli soldier, Gilad Shalit, from an army base near the enclave.
There are assorted messy relationships to sort out.
The enfleurage she has made out of her plumerias "smells extraordinary," she said.
They remembered how he churned through managers and, for a while, general managers, faster than soap operas cycle through marriages and divorces.
And then we were going to spend three or four seasons breaking him down.
The housing market remains weak after a home buyer tax credit expired at the end of April.
Collecting signatures, and a rival contesting them, is partly aimed at draining the opponent’s resources into legal fees.
The Orion players — Daniel and Todd Phillips, violinists; Steven Tenenbom, violist; and Timothy Eddy, cellist — hewed to a mostly Germanic theme over all, with a first half consisting of the Contrapunctus No.
Every few years, the Intergovernmen- tal Panel on Climate Change publishes reports on the state of climate science and what we can expect from the cli- mate in the future.
“If I would have thrown the ball better, obviously that would help my case,” said Vazquez, who has a 5.32 earned run average and is second in the A.L.
It takes place in Chelsea two Sunday evenings a month, as do two other popular socials in the Fashion District: La Vieja Guardia (or the Old Guard) Social and Carlos König ’s Mambo Sundays Party.
And the contest will be missing perhaps its biggest star, Slovakia wing Marian Gaborik , who sustained a thigh laceration last week during a practice with his N.H.L.
The Times’s Web site always lists the most popular e-mailed stories.
But he needs the money and tries not to think much beyond that.
There are “various papers circulating” and the subject is “very fluid at this stage,” said an official in Berlin, who was not permitted to speak publicly.
Back at the Charles, over an egg-white omelet, whole-wheat toast and coffee with skim milk, she seemed to delight in the attention.
And although Inspector Troy observes the basic investigative procedures, Lawton is quick to discard them when he wants to expand his crime narratives into international espionage thrillers.
Not long after Canadian political insiders got caught up in optics , some American business leaders began finding the term useful, too.
It would be like Bond without the gadgets, or “Gossip Girl” without all the black people (oh, wait).
He also says government-funded conscientious objectors doing civilian service instead of military duty are crowding out the private sector in providing care to the elderly.
On May 28, the New York Department of Health confirmed that all food vendors in the city must have a food handling permit, and may use only approved commercial kitchens.
“There’s nothing about this organization that has anything to do with anything except rules.” At a meeting in February, a critic of the proposed synagogue pointed out that he had lost relatives in the Holocaust and that his sister was an Orthodox Israeli.
It is an astonishing turnabout that shows the limits of political reconciliation.
“It is truly a trendless market.” The aluminum producer Alcoa kicked off earnings reporting after the market closed on Monday.
The Senate majority leader, Harry Reid of Nevada, supports repealing the antitrust exemption.
But city officials believe that there are many more unhappy customers out there.
“You’re not allowed to keep venomous reptiles in New York,” he said.
Loomis compared James’s intentionally high-profile announcement to “dumping your wife on a JumboTron.” James, Loomis said, “created that reaction in Gilbert, and I’m glad for it.” “Here’s Cleveland, this struggling community, deprived of winning for so long, and our hero walks out on us,” he said.
In a way, this really has.”
When he is done, life comes to appear as a well-designed project, carefully conceived in the beginning, reviewed and adjusted along the way and brought toward a well-rounded fruition.
Who might one want to be?
What more did the haunted Giants fan ever want to know, or recall?
A statement released afterward by Mr. Karzai’s aides said he had given Mr. Obama a letter calling for a “strategic review” of NATO’s campaign, based on the “rightful demands of the people of Afghanistan that terrorism cannot be fought in Afghan villages.” In its own statement, the American Embassy said that Mr. Obama and Mr. Karzai discussed a variety of subjects, including civilian casualties.
The shake-up is unlikely to affect the bank’s strategy, which has been to move away from its disastrous foray into the American subprime mortgage market and expand its already substantial operations in Hong Kong, mainland China and elsewhere in Asia.
“There is an aggregating affect taking place in the area, with H&M at one end and Barneys Co-op at the other,” said Joe Chan, the president of the Downtown Brooklyn Partnership.
Manhattan saw a big sales spike in March, well before the market’s usual busy season in May and June.
DURING my wedding my best friend’s house burned down.
The assistant John Loyer replaced him.
Enhanced the lives of everyone she touched.
“But she’s a Republican, so she got our vote.”
Also, rebalancing entails removing taxes and other incentives that favor exporters, while pursuing deregulation and steps to improve inferior productivity in nonexport sectors.
UMNO political calculation demands that the organization sticks to its demands about the use of the word Allah in peninsular Malaysia, where all Malays are deemed Muslims and where Christians are ethnic Chinese or Indian, but not in the Borneo states of Sabah and Sarawak where there are large communities of Malay-speaking Christians.
Owning a Porsche sports car from the 1950s or early ’60s — the model known as a 356 — represents an entirely different approach to collecting.
Forty years later, at 90, having become wealthy by selling — and reselling — these homes on what used to be seen as the wrong side of Prospect Park, Ms. Gallagher still envisions the business that way.
In 2004, Olnick increased the number of legal actions it brought against tenants on primary residency, including those who improperly sublet their rent-stabilized apartments.
A parliamentary committee will ask the full legislature to indict former Prime Minister Geir H. Haarde, former Foreign Minister Ingibjorg Solrun Gisladottir, former Finance Minister Arni M. Mathiesen and former Business Minister Bjorgvin G. Sigurdsson, according to a written motion delivered to lawmakers on Saturday.
Arizona’s new law — which calls for police officers who have “reasonable suspicion” of a person’s immigration status to demand proof of legal residency — was uniformly disliked by the many migrants interviewed in this border town on the Mexican side.
This season, there are also single-color items like coats and shifts with leopard-print linings.
When he leaves at noon, a hot dog vendor will move into his spot.
They can’t go backward, and the way forward is still largely unknown.
In deference to the California crowd, Mecum has added a number of high-end Ferraris to its two-day 400-car auction, along with some of the less expensive cars to be offered over the weekend.
That basic package includes a sit-down session with a specialist to develop a family communication and reunification plan and four “go cards” — sleek aluminum wallet cards custom engraved with 22 contact numbers in the order in which they should be called.
She will also embarrass Sarah Palin , whose endorsement of Mr. Miller pushed him to prominence.
Its greatest problem is its bowling.
That’s slower than some photo printers, but quite respectable.
He looks like someone who could break your heart so badly, it would have split ends.
The Red Sox are off to a troubled start, and barely a sixth of the way into the season, the Web sites and comment boards in Boston are warning of a long and miserable summer.
— Newark Liberty airport qualified for the deal, as did airports in Los Angeles, Detroit and Boston.
Ms. Stachura, 30, was out Monday on Warsaw ’s main boulevard, Krakowskie Przedmiescie, where crowds had gathered before the presidential palace to sign condolence books.
Dr. Irving Weissman, director of Stanford’s Institute of Stem Cell Biology and Regenerative Medicine, did the first experiments injecting human brain-forming stem cells into the brains of immune-deficient mice 10 years ago.
Then he gave an interview to a radio station in Moscow in which he maintained that he had widespread support among the Kyrgyz people, though he conceded that he no longer commanded the government.
“He took us on our first vacation ever,” Ms. Mallette said.
“In all three cases, the companies found themselves under attack over the very traits that were central to their strong global brands and corporate identities.” Image implosions, of course, haven’t been confined to the business world.
Lipsky gives us Wallace at the golden moment when he realized his work had struck a public nerve.
He is survived by his sons, Mark and Kim and daughter-in-law Carol, his brother Ivens and companion Julia, and grandchildren Leah and Eric as well as many nephews and nieces.
He grew up in it.
But even inside an administration that is pinning its hopes, both military and political, on the accuracy of the general’s report, there are doubters.
The most push-back he received was on altering Medicare and his aversion to compromise if he gets to Congress.
Signs are that demand for bus travel could be strong.
There actually is a tiny group of borrowers for whom a stated-income loan makes sense, and for whom the product was originally intended: someone with a large amount of income, but whose tax returns are so complex that it is difficult to calculate the person’s effective income.
On Tuesday, the commission suggested changing the system of funding the Union to provide it with a steady income and to reduce the need for national governments to agree on annual increases.
Technology could very well make the Soviet bread line disappear.
The country has deep convictions and a singular voice in the global effort to prevent the use of nuclear weapons.
He did not, however, express a view on extending the Bush-era tax cuts , the most contentious fiscal policy choice facing the White House and the lame-duck Congress.
The South African version of “you’re welcome” is “pleasure,” with the last bit of the word dragged out as if to emphasize that this is more than just a formality.
Mr. Haniya also said his government intended to keep Gaza’s state of cease-fire with Israel active for 2011.
Ms. Michel, 36, said that she already leaned toward the Republicans, but that the fine print of the federal health care overhaul pushed her into full embrace; the new law imposed a 10 percent surcharge on ultraviolet tanning.
That would not do, Mr. Davies said.
Invincible and The Walking Dead are modest hits, but they are critically acclaimed and have transcended their origins: Invincible was adapted for MTV2.
Until now, the Middle East autocracies have refused to change their ways because they were protected by the wealth of their petroleum reserves.
PHOTO (PHOTOGRAPH BY TOM WHITE FOR THE NEW YORK TIMES)
Under the terms of the deal, 3G will pay $24 a share for Burger King, or $3.26 billion, a 46 percent premium to Burger King’s share price before reports emerged that the fast-food giant was in sales talks.
That way, writers who farm wouldn’t feel the need to elbow aside rosarians who write, who in turn wouldn’t jostle rudely past backyard gardeners concerned with mundane raised beds of veggies, bruising thin-skinned egos along with the tomatoes.
And that experience changed her own career objectives.
“Take a Look” shows doctors performing checkups in different eras.
“We’ve always known Cambridge is not the center of the universe,” Mr. Muller said.
He tells their parents that Mark needs to focus, even when they are visiting.
Don Pierce Greenville, S.C. A.
In America, you can’t have one without the other.
The Katharine Hepburn Cultural Arts Center, 300 Main Street.
And mystery in the theater — how art is made, why we like it or not — is, as Mr. Jasperse suggests in “Truth,” a reality too.
The spread, or interest rate gap, over comparable German bonds rose to 4.04 percentage points from 3.73 points Tuesday, a reflection of the growing concerns about holding Greek debt.
It did not matter that the Yankees had won.
Mr. Cuomo, who faced no Democratic primary opponent, said he had taken in $3.4 million since July, the last time his campaign was required to file a fund-raising report, and had spent $7.2 million.
and was an assistant to Rick Pitino at Louisville for two seasons.
Shrimpers complained about a plan to deduct whatever they earned cleaning up the spill from their final settlement, which they asserted means that the oil company was trying to escape paying them for dangerous cleanup work.
ABC finished in second place for the night over all, leading the 9 p.m. hour with a “Dancing With the Stars” results episode (17.1 million) but its 10 p.m. offering, “Detroit 1-8-7” (9.2 million) trailing CBS’s second-season premiere of “The Good Wife” (12.9 million).
“More and more investors expect Germany to implicitly guarantee the liabilities of lower-rated members of the European Monetary Union,” said Jörg Krämer, the chief economist at Commerzbank in Frankfurt.
Roddick also played his most convincing tennis earlier in the year, before mononucleosis and injuries knocked him back.
(The name of Mr. Stulman’s restaurant, Joseph Leonard, comes from his grandfathers.)
IN 2003, two Frenchmen, Edouard Cortes and Jean-Baptiste Flichy, drove a 1977 Citroën 2CV from Paris to Ho Chi Minh City, formerly Saigon.
Most economists who are close to the policy making arena for both parties take the position that austerity is the wrong medicine for what ails the American economy, and they dismiss warnings about inflation as akin to focusing on the side effects of chemotherapy in the face of cancer.
The 7.1-magnitude earthquake that struck South Island last week caused $1.4 billion in damage and will hinder the country’s economic recovery, Prime Minister John Key said Monday on a two-day visit to Christchurch and surrounding areas to assess the enormous cleanup effort that is needed to repair roads, bridges, power lines, and commercial and residential buildings.
Now, the education program is formalized in Hospitality Quotient, which charges $425 for a four-hour session and $1,500 for a two-day immersion, which includes dinner at a Meyer restaurant.
The “Solo di Viganò” movement had a Mozartean gracefulness, and the finale — with the theme on which the finale of Beethoven’s “Eroica” Symphony is based — was given a muscular but fluid performance.
Vuitton of France was in the news for a less desirable reason: a ruling by the British Advertising Standards Authority that its images, resembling Dutch Old Masters with a soft-focus seamstress plying needle and thread, were “misleading” in claiming that “infinite patience protects each overstitch.” In fact, the bags are almost entirely factory-made.
Human faces appear, but we don’t know who they are.
Mark St. Germain’s script is astute, and the humor is plentiful.
When Bobby was a senior at St. Anthony, Dan was a sophomore, in line for minutes and brotherly largess.
He keeps up the grumbling even after a maritime painting on a wall turns into a Niagara Falls, flooding a bedroom with imaginative computer-generated water and sweeping him, Lucy and Edmund out to sea.
This article was reported by Brooks Barnes , Michael Cieply and Melena Ryzik and written by Mr. Barnes.
On the fall runways of Prada and Louis Vuitton, for example, one found, among the Eastern European starvelings, the pneumatic Laetitia Casta, Bar Refaeli and a selection of other lushly upholstered Victoria’s Secret types.
They kind of walk around the exit point, they just keep missing it.” BIRDS OF PREY From May to November, falcons are deployed to scare off smaller birds.
It was founded by Paul Magliocchetti, a former aide to the House defense appropriations subcommittee and a prot?
Those records are a treasure trove for law enforcement.
David Steiner, the state education commissioner in New York who took office a year ago, dealt head-on with the issue this week, admitting what many New Yorkers suspected: that the annual math and English tests were too easy.
On Feb. 14, Mr. Odinga abruptly announced the suspensions of the ministers and said that he was referring their cases to prosecutors.
Still, people who know Ms. Price and know what she has brought to the neighborhood believe she should not sell herself short.
On Monday, Minaya was reunited with an old teammate, Erminio Parrella, a native of New Jersey who pitched for Cogetta in Castiglione della Pescaia and shared a villa with Minaya and three other players.
I’ll have to settle for 30 minutes.
PERSONAL TRADITION When we got married and our first Karwa Chauth was approaching, my husband said that he wanted to fast with me because if Iwas giving up food and water for his health, he could do the same for mine.
It remains cut in half, with the north in the hands of a rebel group, the Forces Nouvelles.
The government must do away with a host of state and federal regulations that reduce train speed and are far too restrictive.
In such a moment you are no longer alive.
Newer was Lanvin’s shift from boyish innocence to a world-wise toughness.
The decision was based in part on affidavits and wiretaps that detail a clandestine meeting in a nursing home between company officials and an influential mob figure, who boasted that he had helped them get a contract on another huge public works job in the city and arranged for them to dump debris from it in a Westchester cemetery.
Still, all the strength came from government building.
Country Dance New York uses two varieties : English country, which traveled to the United States with the colonists (see Bingley’s ball in the BBC’s “Pride and Prejudice”), and its less traditional American cousin, the contradance, which plays fast and loose with music and movement (much like Scarlett’s scandalous dance at the wartime charity ball in “Gone With the Wind”).
The groups conduct mass mailings, assign campaign volunteers, run phone banks and stage rallies — at no cost to the candidates they back.
“Concentric circles all began to link once we connected.” They remained casual acquaintances until they ran into each other in Miami on Dec. 31, 2004.
“But to say no more beetles anywhere would be irresponsible,” he said.
Earlier, Mr. Bivens stood across the street from the courthouse, in brand-new clothes still bearing the creases of the display shelf.
The painting had been sold by Christie’s a decade ago in New York for $20.9 million.
“These self-proclaimed challengers need to be more sophisticated in their criticisms if they want to connect with voters,” Mr. Goldner said.
“The housing market may remain a noose around the neck of the U.S. economy for some time yet,” Paul Dales of Capital Economics told clients.
The consequences now seem clear: The school has closed its doors, perhaps forever, locking out neighborhood children who dreamed of competing with their moneyed counterparts around the city for coveted arts slots at high schools and colleges.
There are about 420 million Chinese Internet users, and practically all of them use Baidu, he said.
“He bought Ed Ruscha’s first Standard gas station painting, which is now in Sid Bass’s collection, and one of Andy’s Campbell’s soup cans for $75 in 1962.” In the early 1960’s, Mr. Colacello said, Hopper transformed his house in the Hollywood Hills into a haven for Pop Art.
No Jeter scoring, with Pena right behind.
“I don’t have illusions,” he said.
Mark Webber of Red Bull secured a comfortable wire-to-wire victory at the Spanish Grand Prix in Barcelona, while Ferrari’s Fernando Alonso was second and Webber’s teammate Sebastian Vettel finished third after Lewis Hamilton of McLaren crashed with one lap remaining.
Why students flock there and what they hope to learn are the subjects of Lan Samantha Chang’s new novel, “All Is Forgotten, Nothing Is Lost.” Chang, a writing-school success story, certainly knows the scene.
Also, the high point is named not for the prophet but for the developer Robert Moses; it is actually a 260-foot-high mound of dirt cleared in the 1960s for a highway he had proposed that was never completed.
He should just stand on principle, put this behind him and move on.” The mayor, who met with Olson and Boies the day after we talked, said he wanted to go to court and see them in action.
Maradona was made national coach without even a basic apprenticeship in management.
You can order it mixed with okra ($3), cabbage ($3) or — if you get there before it runs out — ackee ($5), a fruit that’s a stand-in for scrambled eggs.
“Senator Kerry is working with his colleagues and the administration to hear views and address questions raised by senators about the New Start treaty and related issues as quickly as possible,” said the statement issued by his spokesman, Frederick Jones.
“If you get a president like Weber, that is a clear signal that there is absolutely no way we will be giving up on the inflation front,” said Silvio Peruzzo, a euro area economist at Royal Bank of Scotland .
Rather, one of the biggest culprits lies in “feature creep,” newer and bigger versions of favorite software.
Devin Harris had 17 points and 10 assists for the Nets (6-55), who lost their third in a row after stunning Boston last weekend.
Windows Phone 7 is new software that Microsoft hopes will run on new phones from various manufacturers and cellular networks.
A lot of people can raise money.
Economics are a big issue, Mr. van der Zel said, and the costs of retrofitting hundreds or thousands of high-voltage transformers, for example, would need to be analyzed.
Roy Barnes, running to reclaim his old office, chose to skip a Democratic fund-raiser starring the president after his speech to the veterans.
But for those with the means and awareness, the discreet look is in.
On one level “To Live and Die in L.A.” is about West Coast cool versus East Coast engagement; as their names suggest, Chance is open to opportunity and impulse, while Masters remains controlling, distant and imperturbable.
“When you’re a small program like this, you want to get your name out there,” he said.
Margot Kornblith Nadel and Phillip Eugene Carter were married Saturday evening by Rabbi Jack Moline at the Agudas Achim Congregation, a synagogue in Alexandria, Va. Mrs. Carter, 34, is an appellate litigator with the civil division of the Justice Department, working in its Office of Immigration Litigation in Washington.
Early advocate for open space, recycling and local foods.
But John P. Slattery, a former top F.B.I.
Rates of the illness have doubled in Africa over the past two decades, and have tripled in South Africa, which even in 1996 had the highest TB rates in the world.
Alinghi was supposed to be faster in the lighter wind conditions, but BMW Oracle’s speed was apparent from the start as the two giant boats came crashing toward each other at the start.
After the Vikings ’ loss to New England on Oct. 31, Moss defiantly announced that he would not be answering questions from the news media for the rest of the season.
Gunmen opened fire on the Pakistanis in the Chamkani District of Afghanistan’s Paktia Province, said Rohullah Samoon, a spokesman for the provincial governor.
Autism Family Resources and United Healthcare Children’s Foundation also offer grants to pay for autism treatments.
“It’s always been this way and probably always will be,” he said.
“I use it as my alarm clock, because it has an annoying ringtone that doesn’t stop until you turn it off,” Francisco Sepulveda said of his phone.
When the Rehnquist court struck down laws, it reached a liberal result more than 70 percent of the time.
“But what’s certainly true is that the public could use a signal from the administration that criminal procedure is a lot more flexible in handling terrorism cases than critics have suggested.” In testimony before the House Judiciary Committee on Thursday, Mr. Holder emphasized that the administration envisioned changes that would affect only a small number of terrorism cases.
Then there’s Robert B. Parker’s “Split Image,” new at No.
The host Boilermakers (23-3, 11-3 Big Ten) tied No.
They said they believed that they had been exposed to dispersant spray, according to Dr. Robert Chugden, an emergency room physician at the hospital.
“The clothes have personalities,” Ms. Hengst said.
His lawyer did not respond to requests for comment.
The statement, according to a translation by the SITE Intelligence Group , offered this rebuttal: “We assure them that the Islamic State of Iraq, God willing, is now in trustworthy and mighty hands,” a reference to jihadists worldwide.
His nickname in the French skating milieu is Richelieu, after the French cardinal who centralized power under Louis XIII in the 17th century.
If nobody scores on the first drives, or if both teams kick field goals, the game will revert to sudden death.
Mr. Shindell had the green wall painted gray.
team practices into real, game-changing points.
Officials of the lobbying group suggest that a bank tax would be punitive because it would seek to recoup bailout losses from companies that have already paid back their money — with warrants and interest.
Can a habit or custom be a choice?
The human torpedoes were named kaiten, literally “turn heaven,” and shorthand for “shake up the heavens and change the course of the war,” reflecting Japan’s desperate desire to reverse the steady string of U.S. victories in the Pacific.
He was 92 and lived in West Newton.
Uncle of Stuart, Jack and Eric Levinson.
“It makes most Americans nervous.”
The 6-foot, 200-pound Pullen chugged around the Cougars for 34 points, and the second-seeded Wildcats overcame a sluggish start and several letdowns to outlast No.
“I thought if I went up left, I would have a chance of the ball rolling down with the wind and the slope, and it just didn’t do it.
(And this is not quite a Hollywood movie, but rather a Chinese-American co-production.)
His organization wants a secular, free political system based on Egypt’s existing, if often ignored, Constitution, but he recognizes that the opposition needs the Brotherhood’s disciplined rank and file to have any chance at success.
When it is all over, perhaps the most important thing that can come from this week’s visit is a plan to do it over again, sooner, analysts said.
That was the hard thing.
But as the player who helped take Colombian tennis to unprecedented heights.
Mr. Lanier, a pioneer in the development of virtual reality and a Silicon Valley veteran, is hardly a Luddite, as some of his critics have suggested.
The settlements are only the front line of a complex and profitable system that includes checkpoints, road segregation, security zones, the “apartheid wall” and “natural reserves.” This matrix has for years eaten up the land, water resources and the economic space of the independent Palestinian state supposedly being negotiated in this same period.
She said she was referring to beheadings and other drug-cartel-related violence in Mexico that could spill over into the United States.
This is a big Brazilian team — the tallest, strongest and most physical in memory.
Public and private financing are on the rise, rinks are opening regularly, parents can increasingly afford lessons and some top coaches have moved back home.
When Helen tells Barry, “It looks pretty good,” and he laconically agrees, we feel, at last, a movement beginning, and a woman returning from the long exile of her grief.
Such are the limits on the Americans that dozens of Pakistani enlisted “master trainers,” taught by the Americans, do the bulk of the hands-on instruction here.
There’s mountains all around us.” The Giants know about Pascoe’s talent off the field.
The state of emergency affects some civil liberties — like banning public gatherings of five or more people — and gives the military broad powers to keep order.
Should NASA build on tried-and-true technologies or start over on new designs?
Another anthem here, meaningfully titled “Transparency Is the New Mystery,” features the mystical pronouncement “In order to see it/ You’ve got to believe it.” Elsewhere Ms. Stern sings lyrics like “I got something in my soul/Pushing me to hold onto the pain,” trusting that the music’s complexity will offset her journal-entry honesty.
The spill ''adds to the burdens he carries,'' said Andrew Kohut, director of the Pew Research Center.
The style and the choreography interconnect.
Let’s just move on to the next eligible vendor.” The travails began in 2001, when state lawmakers approved the installation of electronic slot machines at several racetracks.
Do I think he is attracted to her or me?
The challenge is all the greater because the debt burden is so large.
The Cameroon players fired at that goal 23 times, but they couldn’t breach it.
PEPSICO wants to sell its customers sodas whether they are near a grocery store, a restaurant or a gas station.
But both products still have one flaw; when connected, they hang below the iPhone, meaning that an inadvertent knock could dislodge them.
“One is trade policy, a more restrictive approach than the free trade, open borders arrangement that we now have.
In the Armenian songs — mostly arrangements by Gomidas, a revered Armenian priest, composer and musicologist — Mr. Garbarek evoked the nasal sound and expressive bends of the duduk , an Armenian reed instrument.
North Carolina Coach Roy Williams, who led the Tar Heels to the N.C.A.A.
Until he bought dishes, he improvised, eating cereal out of takeout containers.
“I was always on some large train going about and wishing I had a home,” Ms. Ibbotson said in an interview quoted last week in the British newspaper The Guardian.
PETA is leading this effort by pushing for aggressive prosecution and strong sentences for people accused of or convicted for animal abuse and providing officials with informational booklets detailing the animal-human cruelty link.
As Brand departed for Philadelphia, Davis arrived from Golden State, cast as the new franchise-changer before proceeding to struggle in Coach Mike Dunleavy’s system.
Mr. Booth said he expected the recovery in auto sales to be gradual, as it had been throughout this year.
In a statement, Toyota North America said it planned to issue a recall on Friday for 2010 Lexus LS sedans equipped with an optional feature called variable gear ratio steering.
It remains a stunningly picturesque place with some of the Caribbean ’s most arresting scenery (here it could win a prize, too).
That will make for a fine ceremony and important symbolism, but Mr. Obama’s involvement cannot end there.
So I really try to get most of my equipment in the overhead bins.
Cliff Lee will be in the Bronx on Tuesday night, under a microscope as he pitches against the Yankees .
Valdes entered the game in the sixth inning, allowing two hits in two scoreless innings.
After Bahrain, Imam Feisal will visit Qatar from Tuesday through Friday, and then the United Arab Emirates from Aug. 28 through Sept. 2.
The subject of animal abuse, especially the abuse of pit bulls in dog-fighting activities, has achieved a higher profile after the 2007 arrest of the N.F.L.
In 1931 Dr. Ray Wilbur, the secretary of the Interior, praised the residents — including World War I veterans — saying, “You have learned to work instead of whine.” There were 24 dorm rooms and teaching spaces for welding, jewelry and other trades.
“But everybody’s taking a pay cut these days!” he answered.
“He has no proof,” Armstrong said.
He said the relationship between Mr. Weis and police officers remained frosty but acknowledged that the change in work rules was “more popular than anyone on our negotiating team ever imagined.” Mr. Weis said he also had improved training, reformed the performance-appraisal process so that honest mistakes by officers were not automatically treated as disciplinary problems and gotten better equipment, including new weaponry.
“We stop at a stand selling all sort of African jewelry and I spot this necklace with a monkey’s head,” the narrator says.
Does that mean that the DVD decade is over, and the era of Blu-ray is about to begin?
In the filing, prosecutors asked the judge, Miriam Goldman Cedarbaum of Federal District Court, to impose a mandatory term of life imprisonment on Mr. Shahzad, who is scheduled to be sentenced on Tuesday.
Another very memorable trip, described in “Slipping From Shangri-La,” takes Mr. Conover along a 40-mile trail of frozen river, in Zanskar, an extremely remote part of northern India.
Ms. O’Neill, who married Mr. Salinger in the late 1980s, is a blue-ribbon quilter and is active in town issues.
“I mean, I can play my game here,” Pavin said.
The hearing began Monday in Houston as ordered by State District Judge Kevin Fine.
But that has not stopped one established restaurateur — Simon Oren, the impresario whose enterprises include Nice Matin, Sushi Samba and Five Napkin Burger — from betting that the potential will someday be realized.
In 1997, Mr. Wiese inserted a state police investigator into a New York Police Department investigation of whether a contribution to the Pataki campaign had been made in exchange for a promise to win an early release from prison for the donor’s relative.
She continued moving dangerously from one lane to another as she sped up the highway.
So last summer, I quietly just went to a little country club pool and I would swim like 22 minutes.
“It’s a very attractive idea,” said Dan Culloton, Morningstar associate director of fund analysis, albeit with the caveat that its execution “is still a work in progress.” He favors funds, like the three from Vanguard, that are run as endowments, meaning they pay out indefinitely, but with no guarantees, instead of liquidating over a specific time.
“There is now a track record for how the industry performed from October 2007 to March 2009,” he said.
Flight hours have declined 30 percent from 2007, a peak year for the industry, according to David Strauss, managing director at UBS investment research.
The neighborhood was formerly a commercial and industrial area built around the city’s seaport.
Called “One Year,” it is an installation from the early 1970s by George Maciunas, one of the so-called Fluxus artists, an anti-art movement made up of a loose international collective of young writers, musicians and artists in the early 1960s.
games at the stadium named for his father.
Emma Rice’s exquisite multidimensional homage to Noël Coward’s 1945 movie about a pair of adulterers manqué makes it possible to see a familiar film with virgin eyes and, yes, fall in love with it all over again (1:30).
KEATS: I must have had my eyes closed for I amnot sure.
Then Watson receives a message meant for Holmes in this ''Masterpiece Mystery!''
Could cadmium be the new lead?
Congress is staggering toward recess.
“I probably could have played more,” he said.
“If you have 250 grains of sand and 240 are going up and 10 are not doing so well, it doesn’t really affect you,” Mr. Weldon said.
It is also inhabited by superheroes.
That lack of joy is evident in “Denial.” When this book isn’t scalding, it is cold; it spits out data like a computer.
Marant brings her relaxed basics and pseudo-ethnic textiles to the gilded bohemians of SoHo.
Ms. Mirescu’s play — at times it resembles installation art more than a theater piece — is even longer (three hours) and more interesting to think about than to sit through.
“Sisters and brothers, does this agency look cash-strapped to you?” asked Tony Murphy, a Brooklyn resident, earning loud whoops of approval and applause.
Honda scored the only goal of that match, against Cameroon, and Japan won a World Cup game away from home for the first time.
If the next “Spider-Man” movie features an adorable nonlinear plot device, a musical number set to an underappreciated Hall & Oates song or a terrible final line that exhausts all your good will toward the film, now you know why.
She said she had spoken to the teacher who led what was then a play group that met in the church basement.
This is true of other festivals, too.
Negotiated at the depths of the market slump, the stock paid a 12 percent annual coupon until March 2012, when it would convert into ordinary shares at 25 Swiss francs, or $25.53.
New World Stages, 340 West 50th Street, Clinton , (212) 239-6200, telecharge.com.
His lawyer, Steven I. Holm, declined to comment because of the pending litigation.
The character has garnered nearly as much buzz — and business — as Thomas Edison did when he brought electricity to Fort Myers.
The old mama toad in Long’s book seems anatomically correct down to the flecks in the irises, making her all the more horrifying.
“When people pick up something in the palm of their hand and use it to see a 20- or 40-inch image,” he said, “they are delighted.”
They taste like other lentils, and they’re really more brown than green after cooking.
There are other natural anti-moth repellents on the market, like dried lavender, but “there’s little scientific evidence” of their efficacy, Professor Farr said.
“It’s important that when students are looking for colleges, it’s not, ‘What’s the best college I can get into?’ but ‘What’s the best fit for me?,’” he says.
It was taken up long ago by Bob Latta, who shares a name with the lawmaker and rents homes in the Mexican colonial town of San Miguel de Allende.
“The Lakers,” Raghav Mittal, 11, said without hesitation.
A square altar to Jesus, crammed with crosses and tiny portraits, stood in the waiting room.
When she rented her tiny one-bedroom in Astoria, Queens , three years ago, she didn’t have a boyfriend.
The United Nations has reported that 2009 was also the most lethal year for Afghan civilians since the war began, largely because of attacks by the Taliban and other militant groups.
Speaking no Spanish, Oxenham wheedled her way into a pickup game on the beach.
Phil Simple: I would never go to law school.
A position overseeing military affairs is the last major appointment Mr. Xi needs to round out his résumé and cement his position as heir to President Hu, who currently leads the military commission.
Omar Hammami had every right to flash his magnetic smile.
Perhaps there should be a Lucy Rule, after Linus’s older sister, who yanked the football away from Charlie Brown.
No one denies that they are a necessity: The fans clean the air in a tunnel for the No.
We presume that future potential is more rosy than the past is.” The psychologically buoying effect of such ascending-toward-heaven autobiographies is obvious.
But if you add the sky-high private school tuition to the Park Slope family’s costs — and the annual bill is often more than $25,000 a child — the pendulum would swing back in favor of the suburbs.
Yet Guardiola still had to gamble.
SecondMarket, the leading trading exchange handling transactions in these securities, is expected to execute about $400 million in trades across about 40 private companies this year, roughly a fourfold increase over 2009, the first year it began making markets in the companies, according to a company spokesman.
That may not sound surprising.
The portrait of a commander in shining armor preparing for battle by Rubens was the supreme star lot.
Thailand’s banks today are among the most profitable in Asia and their balance sheets are relatively clean, with only about 6 percent nonperforming loans, according to the Fitch ratings agency.
I have a Bible from there, and I’m bringing that with me.” He was not particularly worried about his safety.
One of his court rulings gave prisoners the right to vote.
positive, have healthy T-cell counts and are not yet on treatment, according to the city.
Brown was the league’s coach of the year last season, when the Cavaliers won 66 games.
... Jimmy (15 Thompson Street; jimmysoho.com ), another rooftop bar, opens at the James hotel.
“Two people saw me laying there and thought I was drunk,” he said.
“They’ve got better hitters here, this is the major league level,” Nickeas said.
“I thought, it’s 2007, and this can’t be all that the Internet is meant to be,” he said.
Concurrences present the bench and bar with a particular difficulty.
Brazil is increasing the tax on money flooding into its bonds.
(AP) BLAZERS 112, HORNETS 101 Brandon Roy scored 28 points, LaMarcus Aldridge added 24 and visiting Portland won for the 10th time in 12 games.
To the Editor: Efraim Karsh’s Aug. 2 Op-Ed article, “ The Palestinians, Alone ,” is brilliantly observed.
Mr. Morse and a group of public-interest lawyers filed a suit against HUD, charging that the diversion was an unlawful use of federal disaster money, especially with serious housing problems remaining.
That win over the Hoyas was a turning point in the Bulls’ season “These guys feel like they can play with anyone in this league,” the South Florida assistant Eric Skeeters said.
“Gambling expansion typically happens during difficult times,” he said.
One species that did not modify its hemoglobin genes to cope with arctic temperatures is that of humans.
While prices have increased recently, Belarus still pays less for its gas than any other country, he said.
He was kicked out of Central Park, where he was practicing for the 1952 Olympics, because of the large holes his shot was making on the grass.
Coach Chan Gailey said the injury would make it less likely that Merriman would make his Bills debut Sunday against Detroit.
“There should not have been a trial.” The trial took place in January, but Judge Walker has not yet scheduled closing arguments.
This would remove up to 150 million Americans from the federal income-tax rolls.
The last thing Israel needs today is a confrontation with Jordan on this subject.
Season with salt and pepper, and toss together.
President Obama improved it a bit more.
“I think the Chinese in this respect resemble the Holocaust survivors and the children of Holocaust survivors,” said Elise Snyder, an American psychoanalyst.
Though there are signs suggesting that the economy is on the mend, she said, “the city will likely see a few more months of job losses that could put the cumulative loss at just under 200,000 jobs.” The state’s unemployment rate held steady in February at 8.8 percent, the Labor Department said.
The number of tax returns reporting such benefits was 9.5 million, up 25 percent from the year before, and the total of reported unemployment benefits was $43.7 billion, up 48 percent.
Mr. Burns recalled inviting Mr. Segal to view a rough cut of his 1981 film, “Brooklyn Bridge,” and at one point he bought a Segal self-portrait at an exhibition.
In Japan, high landing fees and fuel taxes have made the country prohibitively expensive for low-cost and budget carriers, leaving Japan to be effectively dominated by A.N.A.
“It’s an emotional game,” Garnett said Sunday.
(There had been 2,500 candidates contesting 249 seats.)
Only a few years ago, his enemies on the left found a new stick to beat him with, the list of fellow-travelers and crypto-Communists he compiled in 1949 and showed to a friend in the foreign office.
I now understand that Beltway types are those morally and intellectually lazy sorts who think catastrophic wars of aggression, fiscal disaster and institutional rot are the kinds of things one should not be “still smarting over” a year after the perpetrator retires.
Consumers pay upward of $200, and AT&T subsidizes the rest.
Sutton Place Synagogue extends deep sympathies to our dedicated benefactors and Honorary Vice President Celia and David Sachs on the loss of their beloved son-in-law.
“I just always had a belief that that was your responsibility,” he said.
Transit with oversight on an ongoing basis,” Mr. Kluger said in a statement.
“They would much prefer that I stay at home and ride bikes with them.” To the public, this sounds familiar.
The conflict eased when she was accepted into the master’s program in public administration at Baruch College in Manhattan .
In that regard, it really is like a premiere in Hollywood.”
A study released last week by Evolution Finance’s CardHub.com , calculated that financial institutions charged off about $20 billion each quarter from early 2009 through early 2010, about equal to the amount of the decline in outstanding credit card debt.
Michael sent him back down.
(Dargis) 20100211 ★ ‘CRAZY HEART’ (R, 1:51) An old country song — whiskey, women, second chances — about an old country singer, played with sly, exquisite craft by Jeff Bridges.
Mr. Young’s survivors include his longtime partner, Eddie Mae Lovest; two sisters, Betty Rodriguez and Shirley Byrd; a brother, Irvin Byrd; four stepdaughters, Kenyatta, Kentranice, Taketha and Elisha; and 13 step-grandchildren.
Beloved wife, mother, grandmother and aunt.
I'm willing to buy into the argument that their offensive line will get better with experience, to a degree.
High vacancy rates and excess supply brought low rents to many Americans as realtors competed for customers.
“I think that’s a good model.
But a World Series title may be an even better way to cap his career.
Now we and our kids together need to become “The Regeneration” — one that raises incomes anew but in a way that is financially and ecologically sustainable.
He said that while that had no effect on his decision, he was happy to be out of the job.
“Things were never the same for me again.” The pain became so severe through the years, Walton told the paper, that until he had back surgery in 2009, “it got to the point where my life wasn’t worth living.” He added, “I was standing on the edge of the bridge, figuring it was better to jump than to go back to where I was.” Walton wore what has been described as a back brace or a corset for the Notre Dame game.
Internet traffic on the issue is mostly inspired by one study with several scientific flaws, Dr. Gansler said.
Another gene is widely expressed in both muscles and the brain and is likely to have an impact on how physically easy and mentally rewarding exercise feels.
The Design Miami/ Basel design fair is to open in Switzerland on June 15 and Sotheby’s and Christie’s are to hold major design auctions in New York on June 16 and 17.
At Astor Wines and Spirits, the proceeds from a tasting class, Elements of Wine, on Jan. 25 will be donated to Haiti Earthquake Relief, which will give the money to Doctors Without Borders and the Red Cross.
To the Editor: I surely agree with Rosario A. Iaconis’s general premise that Italian-Americans may constitute the “least respected members of America’s ethnic pantheon” (“ Ethnic Stereotyping ,” letter, Jan. 31).
When the ball left Mr. Pabana's hand, it was in Queens.
A 1998 West Point graduate, Major Remus had left active duty and joined the Army Reserve in 2004.
Herbert Simon pointed out that people aren’t perfectly rational.
Mr. Koch, then the mayor, had no interest in sports but wanted to make sure that the Yankees did not leave, and so the city agreed to improve parking and road access if the team would sign an extension of its lease.
When 20 officials from District Council 37 were convicted of either embezzlement or vote fraud in the late 1990s, Mr. Ensley helped lead efforts to right the embattled district council.
Per capita gross domestic product in 1975 was $410.
WHEN Gelsey Kirkland is not teaching a ballet class, you get the feeling that a gust of wind could scoop her up and blow her away.
The bloggers evidently write often enough for ad-free academic journals that they still fume about adjacencies, advertorial and infomercials.
spenders that Berlin would always rescue them.
Dr. Donald Berwick, the new head of Medicare, and a group of outstanding physicians have already cut costs at numerous hospitals all over the nation while improving outcomes by eliminating waste, similar to the way Southwest Airlines and Japanese automakers revolutionized their industries by eliminating waste and improving quality.
In 1959, he turned down an offer to become conductor of the Capetown Symphony and instead moved to England to work for the London Symphony Orchestra.
If your computer is on a network, you might be able to share the disc drive from another computer over the network connection.
A sweet-and-sour soup with dainty cubes of smoked tofu and strips of scallop was too literal for my taste.
Finally, if that cushion proves insufficient, the government would be allowed to seize a collapsing financial firm, much as it can already do with a traditional bank.
At the moment, it’s completely controlled with medication.
2 seed in Nebraska’s region.
Shrubs in the dogwood family can make striking informal hedges.
“New Yorkers are grown-ups,” said Matthew W. Daus, the taxi commissioner.
The Rays’ Carl Crawford will be available, but with Gardner, Curtis Granderson and Nick Swisher, the Yankees’ outfield is sound.
Banks have been loath to accept the bigger losses that come with lowering principal.
Mr. Allawi’s alliance, Iraqiya, won an overwhelming majority of the province’s 31 seats outside the area under the control of the semiautonomous Kurdish region , which Mr. Nujaifi cannot even visit.
But many senior clerics in Qum do not side with Mr. Ahmadinejad and have increasingly criticized the government.
Meanwhile, the foreign carmakers Volkswagen and Nissan have started their first dealerships, hoping to capitalize on the growing consumer class in this city of about 1.5 million people.
It is easy to forget that those recessions were also remarkably shallow.
The uniform at right, in service from 1950 to 1956, required only an eye patch to transform a Delta attendant into a sexy pulp villainess, like Angelina Jolie in the retro-futurist flop ''Sky Captain and the World of Tomorrow.''
Jarrett Jack and Amir Johnson each scored 14 and Hedo Turkoglu had 12 points and 9 rebounds for the Raptors, who won on a night when the All-Star Chris Bosh went to the hospital an hour before the game.
Whatever the case, Abigail forced her family to move before the first winter was out.
He said that since 1973, at least 138 people sentenced to death had been later exonerated.
It would be a win-win result for all.
From Schiphol, a one-way train ride to Utrecht Centraal, the city’s central station, costs 7.80 euros, or about $10.50 at $1.34 to the euro.
BIGGEST CHALLENGE The slide path on the Saddle Trail required the use of handholds and extreme care.
With Civilization V, the series demonstrates yet again why it is the definitive turn-based computer strategy game franchise.
The National Republican Senatorial Committee plans to make a new investment of $2.2 million in the race for the West Virginia Senate seat that had been held for generations by Senator Robert C. Byrd , a Democrat who died this year.
The Supreme Court last month limited the scope of the honest services law, leaving it to a lower court to determine whether to overturn Mr. Black’s conviction in whole or in part.
Price: $150.Children love fire trucks!
The policy also calls for “openness and transparency” in conducting operations in space, and for responsible behavior by all nations to help prevent “mishaps, misperceptions and mistrust” that could lead to conflict.
In 2003, Mr. Mortazavi was accused by members of Parliament of covering up the death of a Canadian photographer, Zahra Kazemi, while she was in an Iranian jail.
“He also has an innate kindness about him that is wonderful in this role.” Mr. Pattinson has clearly enjoyed working on something else.
“We just didn’t anticipate it would happen this year.” As Adam Schatzker, an analyst with the Canadian investment bank RBC Capital Markets, said in an equities research report published last week: “It appears that the character of the spot market has changed markedly over the past few months from one that was heavily oversupplied with weak demand to one that has high levels of demand with very little supply.” The price surge hints at a confluence of significant changes — a “perfect storm,” in Mr. Hochstein’s words — now sweeping through the global nuclear power industry, especially in Asia.
Mr. Kentridge was clearly the darling of the evening.
Because games are rendered on the fly, he said, all of the information for a good 3-D experience already exists in the game.
“In my mind, when Kaeding missed the first one, especially with how good he had been all season, it was kind of like Tiger Woods missing a 3-footer to win a golf tournament.
“Lucky me,” Mr. Cox said.
As the TV industry spends this upfront week offering advertisers previews of the series planned for the 2010-11 season, there are few programs for prime time that look as if they will reflect economic reality, at least overtly.
Cameras are not permitted in Illinois courtrooms, so most of the pictures the public will see of Mr. Blagojevich during his trial will be taken during his morning traipses into the building and through the lobby.
Speaking without notes on subjects like North Korea, deficit spending, immigration policy and Social Security for 20 minutes at a time, Mr. McCain often reflects the experience and savvy he has come by honestly through years on the stump.
“With the expiration of the moratorium, we now have a rupture.
Eventually the roof did rise and inflate, with American know-how applied.
Many Americans, not caught up on the romance of this sort of heroism, are terrified.
He was also extremely disciplined, and a lot of those attributes got instilled in me.
I guess that’s what happens when a property’s been in the family for over 120 years.
No one’s getting carjacked, no one’s getting robbed in broad daylight in traffic.” The best tippers are people driving into Manhattan, geared up for an evening out, he said.
The plan is to create a silhouette of an imaginary city and then give it an identity through architectural accents.
They spend much of the film, shot in 2006, looking at Immanuel Baptist Church in Wichita, led by the Rev.
After all, it didn’t seem as if Buzbee was showing off.
A tour is 12 euros.
For all the cinematic crimes against him, there has been no book-to-screen translation of his work quite as atrocious as “Hemingway’s Garden of Eden,” directed by John Irvin from a screenplay by James Scott Linville.
And these two books arrive at a time, unlike the early 1990s, when universities are, like many students, backed into a fiscal corner.
and Boise State (8-0), who are ranked No.
I could see what she meant.
During the course of a year, humpback whales spend their summers in cooler climates and focus their efforts on getting as much nourishment as possible.
That compared with 203 total claims of speed-control issues at General Motors, which received nearly five times more overall claims as Toyota.
Other remnants of the old Yugoslavia, however, are doing better.
The analysis includes legal and illegal immigrants and naturalized citizens.
“I want to go to St. Pat’s,” she said.
Yet there they were, the Giants scampering to victory before a delighted orange-and-black-clad crowd that whooped and hollered at appropriate moments like any sports crowd in Durham, N.C., or Norman, Okla., or Green Bay, Wis.
She was poetic and thoughtful.” Four hours later, as he and the others left, Mr.
The overwhelming majority of that aid, €3.94 trillion, was given in the form of loan guarantees.
Country music has seen no shortage of scandal and redemption over the years, but the last few months have been particularly thick with female singers seeking to move beyond old identities, in some cases looking to have past behavior forgiven, and in others, forgotten.
Ratings for “Idol” easily topped the night, according to Nielsen’s estimates, as a two-hour installment of the Fox reality show delivered an average of 23.6 million viewers, as its first set of semifinalists were revealed.
“The dogs are licking and rubbing the treated area and absorbing the drug, which is putting them back into heat,” said Dr. Terry Clekis, a veterinarian in Bradenton, Fla. Dr. Clekis has seen about five cases of pet exposure to menopause creams, including a dog that appeared to go into heat about six months after being spayed.
“The next day, The National Enquirer called me to ask was the fiancée pregnant.
Traditional Tosses A hundred years ago, William Howard Taft started an American tradition by throwing out a ceremonial first pitch on opening day.
He may not be angry enough to win a Republican primary this year.
In the worst case, they are worried that the two countries could get mired in a trade war.
Vimeo aims to make Hollywood - and its pesky rules and constrictions - irrelevant, and judging by the winners of the online video-sharing site's first awards contest, it's doing a credible job.
She and her friend Jérome, like Cathy and Heathcliff, clamber up to their “fort” on the cliffs and peer down at the bejeweled revelers at a local beachside restaurant.
The rusting refinery here is one of the largest employers on the island; of the 150,000 residents, about 1,000 work at the refinery.
In a compromise of sorts with its television network parents, Hulu is lowering the price of its TV subscription service from $9.99 to $7.99 a month.
Made of glazed English porcelain, the piece evokes clouds, or cresting waves.
Mr. Chalerm, 44, the police officer, describes a yawning generation gap.
George Parker, the union chief who called the evaluations too punitive and hastily enacted, said that her leaving would help end “divisiveness.”
The case against Henry T. Nicholas III, the co-chief executive of the Broadcom Corporation, one of the highest-profile backdating trials, fell apart after the judge found evidence of prosecutorial misconduct.
5, which Holliday had worn with distinction.
In a sense Mr. Walther has spent his career putting his own quiet, ego-free stamp on Beuys’s notion of “social sculpture.” His canvas pieces resemble L. L. Bean products gone awry: abbreviated, detail-free fire hoses, sleeping bags, collapsible bus shelters or tents, life vests, backpacks.
But even in overtly showy passages, Mr. O’Dette never abandoned the sense that this is nuanced, intimate music.
I was told that the blown-glass jellyfish -like chandeliers were selected at Paris flea markets by Mr. Elbaz and his life partner, Alex Koo, Lanvin’s marketing director.
When you return to the United States, please tell all your friends about the great country of Canada.
“It’s not just taking stuff from the big manufacturers and hawking it.” But some brand experts said that cramming F. A. O. products into the 595 Toys “R” Us stores could be perceived as an act of mass merchandising in itself, diluting what once made F. A. O. a special place.
Museums and Galleries CHESTER eo art lab “Flux,” digital photography and egg tempura artwork by Michelle DeMarco.
The panel includes “no extremists” against cigarettes and no one who has previously said menthol should be limited or banned, according to a recent investor note from David J. Adelman, industry analyst for Morgan Stanley.
season thus far continues to be the extraordinary play of quarterback Michael Vick , although the Giants cooled Vick’s jets on Sunday — as well as some of the breathless talk about Vick as the second coming.
So for the series, Guerrero was 1 for 5 when the Yankees pitched around Hamilton.
“I called it a pot-luck supper, and 30 people showed up,” he said.
“The best option for the reds to win is by election,” said Mr. Thongchai, the Thai historian.
The proposals, Mr. Duncan said, would encourage states and school districts to develop better teacher evaluation systems, better teacher education programs, and more effective career advancement systems.
“How will you heat your houses?” Mr. Putin asked.
The criticism seemed the same among those preparing to cross, those who were deciding what to do next after being deported and those in the midst of crossing who spoke as they trudged nervously north.
The CIA launched roughly 53 Predator attacks in 2009, which was more than President Bush authorized during his entire presidency.
After the oil spill , both Michael Brown , the “Brownie” of Katrina fame, and another Bush White House acolyte, the former press secretary Dana Perino , turned up to offer variations on Rush Limbaugh’s theory that the BP oil rig may have been deliberately sabotaged to bolster liberal arguments against offshore drilling .
About $50,000 went to her mother and about $16,600 to each of her three siblings.
Neither the dangers of the plot — a dissolute uncle who wants to sell the farm, a father missing in action — nor the forbidding Nanny McPhee herself are as fearsome as they were the first time around.
But it is not clear that such a rights scheme is necessary in a purely on-demand, watch-it-once world.
Not only did he have data on millions of card accounts stored on the computer back in his New Jersey apartment, but he also had a knack for patiently explaining his expertise in online card fraud.
My arms and legs were covered in cuts.
Graduated Adelphi '36, Columbia '40's.
The Internet seems to run on Schadenfreude and hysteria; blogs keep gleeful track of who has been laid off in the media world, treating the names as if they were leaked from the Pentagon.
INSIDE PITCH Alex Rodriguez has not hit a home run in the first 10 games of the season, his longest drought without a homer at the start of a season since he went the first 10 games without one for Texas in 2001, according to the Elias Sports Bureau.
Before the ruling, Mr. Malhotra said, it felt as if there were a sword hanging over his head, and he never knew when it might strike.
Ryan said Mark Brunell would back up Mark Sanchez, with Kellen Clemens fighting for a job.
In a provocative speech last month, Mr. Rafsanjani pressed his campaign to turn the university into a nonprofit, saying that God “would not allow anyone” to prevent the move to put its assets into a protected endowment.
He also accused Israel of failing to live up to promises to expedite industrial parks and large-scale projects, something the Israeli official denied.
As I gave out season schedules along the boardwalk, I could feel the Coney Island air everywhere but my head.
Mr. Sheetrit was a minister under Mr. Netanyahu when he was prime minister in the late 1990s and then a minister under Mr. Netanyahu’s successors, Ariel Sharon and Ehud Olmert.
Crosby now joins Paul Henderson in Canada hockey lore.
In an interview before the conference, he said, “We are going to put up a beautiful, slender tower on a site with the ultimate access to the arts, train service, great views — including, for some, the New York skyline — and attract people of means, no question.” The arts center opened on Center Street in 1997.
Mr. Koons has collected since the beginning of his life as a professional artist, even before he could afford to pay for work.
“We were too busy trying to get to what we think is funny, and what other people might not,” he said.
Owen Birnbaum Boca Raton, Fla., April 14, 2010 The writer is a former law professor at Howard University School of Law and lawyer for the federal government.
In overseas markets, the FTSEurofirst 300 index of top European shares ended 0.8 percent lower, its lowest closing level in a week, after a report of disappointing British retail sales in August, a sign that its economy was on a slow growth path.
Hours later, seven men of ethnic Baluch origin were killed, apparently in revenge for the deaths of the Mohajirs, said Zafar Baloch, a spokesman for the peace committee.
Here are a few stages that will excite some riders and challenge others — and make for must-watch cycling: Stage 1 Sunday, Rotterdam to Brussels, 138.9 miles If the riders were not already nervous to start this 21-day race, Stage 1 will give them a reason to fret.
A divided three-judge panel of the federal appeals court in Denver dismissed the suit in January, with the majority saying the defendants were entitled to immunity from the lawsuit because there was “no specific authority” on the question of “how to treat the ejection of a silent attendee from an official speech based on the attendee’s protected expression outside the speech area.” The dissenting appeals court judge, William J. Holloway, said the case presented an obvious violation of the First Amendment.
St. Mary's had not won an N.C.A.A.
For Texas A&M, it was the senior guard Derrick Roland, the team’s second-leading scorer, who broke his leg on Dec. 22.
In any case, Russian officials now say a final decision on the timing of the C.P.C.
At Mr. Rivera’s victory party late Tuesday night, gushing supporters searched for the right accolades — he’s a fighter, no, he’s a major player, no, he’s a star.
He added that the hit team had included a total of 17 people, six of whom had not yet been identified.
Roxana Bacon, lawyer, Phoenix (now chief counsel for United States Citizenship and Immigration Services, in Washington) When you think about the sort of rhetoric of hate — it assumes that everybody’s packing their bags and racing north.
“It wasn’t a lack of concentration,” Hill said.
Mr. Pacquiao said that he would dedicate all his discretionary pork-barrel budget to Sarangani.
For the next decade, it was a perk passed down to other chancellors and became the educator’s equivalent of Gracie Mansion.
Levy said he believed she would be alive had she been wearing a helmet.
“We did not hear from her again,” the agent wrote.
It also praised the deal for creating “a more level playing field” for the American auto industry.
“We like it better when Joe Biden is doing very small-time stuff, like getting kicked out of Dave & Buster’s, not appearing on the cover of a major national magazine.” The articles perform extremely well on The Onion’s Web site.
The report also documents divisions within the government over the effort and the legal pitfalls in relying on testimony from Holocaust survivors that was decades old.
During a recent conversation in a corner of Café Loup, a favorite close to her West Village home, that suggestion sent Ms. Clarkson into a characteristic riff: “Yeah, a weapon with a greasy dark wig!” she cracked, her tempered contralto rising into laughter.
It now insures more than six million borrowers, many of whom made minimal down payments and are now underwater.
The attacks could also throw into doubt the policies of Mr. Putin’s protégé, President Dmitri A. Medvedev , who has spoken in favor of liberalizing the government, increasing political pluralism and dealing with terrorism by addressing the root causes of the insurgency.
“The play is about a father and a daughter, and they have some difficulties, but their love for each other prevails,” Mr. Linney said.
The Paterson case was set into motion by a report in The New York Times about an alleged assault by Mr. Johnson on his then girlfriend, Sherr-una Booker , last Halloween at her apartment in the Bronx, an episode under the jurisdiction of the New York Police Department.
Denver isn’t the only city confronted with budgetary woes aggravated by esoteric financial deals that Wall Street peddled in the years before the credit crisis .
“It was just gratifying, knowing I probably didn’t have my best energy tonight because I was a little distracted.” Rodney Carney’s potential game-winner from 25 feet away careened out of the basket as time expired, and the Knicks won for the first time in their 10 games here.
The trek is a family affair.
But he neglects the fact that in this mad dash for prestige, certain Asian universities have embraced the bizarre logic that a faculty that publishes frequently is more valuable than a faculty that inspires students.
“The market is weak,” said Paul B.
“It’s very freeing to live with a lot less stuff,” said Kathy, who still can’t seem to believe that she owns only one set of flatware.
Merchant, for one, says Arum could have found a more worthy opponent than Margarito, like Andre Berto, Timothy Bradley, or Juan Manuel Marquez for the third time.
To the Editor: The “toughies” discussed by Ron Lieber (“ ‘Daddy, Are We Rich?’ and Other Toughies ,” Your Money column, July 10) are actually about parenting and little about money.
Gen. Gary S. Patton, the deputy commander for the NATO Training Mission- Afghanistan .
But in this case even old art-should-speak-for-itself types won’t mind.
Fifty-two state senators and 77 Assembly members (but not Sheldon Silver, the Assembly speaker and a Manhattan Democrat) have signed the pledge.
I didn’t serve so well.
It may also provide clues as to why theropods thrived compared with other dinosaurs.
A growing body of research is identifying how much these roommates may influence each other, in ways temporary and longstanding, negative and positive.
Unlike Mattingly, though, Sandberg put in his time as a minor league manager, only to learn it was not enough for his bosses.
The Eliza Cut-Out wedge mule in nude, formerly $475, is $190.
It’s a less tainted, simpler life entirely on my liver’s terms, and I’ll take it.
At 5 p.m. Friday — an informal deadline set by Lyons for getting clearance or giving up — the team was still driving around Nassau County.
The Elgin marbles, from the cultural crossroads of imperial London, reshaped cultural history over the course of the last 200 years by giving rise to neo-Classicism around the globe.
They add that the bill would rewrite the relationship between federal and state government, and they plan to make their argument in court as soon as the legislation becomes law.
When Clay M. Greene remembered the events of June 2008, he clenched his teeth, his hands tightened into fists and his body shook.
On a final note, if the pressure to stay solvent becomes overwhelming, remember that learning is a lifelong process.
It just is.” The shift from low-tech video to 3-D further erodes what remains of that underground aura, but it cements the place of “Jackass” in a tradition that the scholar Tom Gunning has called the cinema of attractions, a prenarrative approach to filmmaking emphasizing spectacle over story.
They reclaimed it and took a 2-1 series lead into Game 4 on Sunday.
“Historically, the industry has not been able to reduce costs with increased experience,” Mr. Kaberger said.
With Democrats facing a tough climate in the coming midterm elections, Mr. Coats was lured back into elected politics.
For the first time earlier this month she spoke about the need for a European economic government.
The Broadway League , a trade association representing theater owners, said the shows would go on, with no cancellations.
(The house featured here is listed at 15,000 Swiss francs per square meter.)
For Russo & Steele, simply returning to Monterey is a victory after a disastrous wind storm interrupted its big auction in Arizona last January.
“What he’s doing is honorable; it meets a need.
He noted that even some smaller German bus companies were lobbying against full competition.
After the 18-year-old Saudi equestrian Dalma Malhas won a bronze medal in show jumping at the first Youth Olympic Games in Singapore in August, she was singled out for praise by Jacques Rogge, chairman of the International Olympic Committee, in a news conference at the Games' conclusion.
“As a practical matter, they’ve got a lot of wiggle room,” said Nicholas R. Lardy, an economist at the Peterson Institute for International Economics in Washington.
The Obama administration condemned both leaks, and demanded that WikiLeaks return all secret American documents and commit to not publishing any more.
Mr. Rosenberg then talked to Mr. Akimoto.
For guidance, banks and their compliance officers are looking to a similar clause in the Housing and Economic Recovery Act of 2008, which requires Fannie Mae, Freddie Mac and the Federal Home Loan Banks to submit finely detailed reports on the progress of their diversity efforts.
The Braves, leading the N.L.
He cooperated with doping authorities, and arbitrators took three months off the normal two-year suspension for first-time offenders.
We also looked at the repercussions for a 45-year-old or a 55-year-old.
What is more worrisome, they say, is that the House version would also not require brokers to “have a continuing duty of care or loyalty to the customer” after providing that advice.
“ Sugar Ray Robinson did not beat the heavyweights, but that doesn’t mean people didn’t think he was great,” Grundy said in a telephone interview.
The revival will be directed by Eric Schaeffer , who oversaw the Kennedy Center’s “Sondheim Celebration” in 2002 and is now artistic director of Signature Theater in Arlington, Va. Ms. Peters is under contract through early November for “A Little Night Music.” Whether she will follow up her “Night Music” with a Kennedy Center-to-Broadway transfer of “Follies” is an open question.
setting is often used for image files by printed magazines.
And you can attach the Looxcie to your computer via USB and transfer the videos for editing.
People who knew Gary Allen, who died of complications from diabetes in 1986, described him as quiet and introspective.
By measuring the radiation emissions from a contaminated thyroid, physicians can get an image of the organ, and if it is diseased, larger doses of radioactive iodine can be used to destroy it.
Kelly Clark, a 2002 Olympic gold medalist, is already on this year's team.
That gathering was repeated again and again on television and heralded for a rare exchange between a sitting president and the opposition party.
Safer said, whatever his popularity ratings may be now carry little relevance.
He threatened that the industry might be “altered beyond your present fear.” “If this sounds alarming,” he said, “it is because, frankly, I am alarmed.” Historians and journalists say the effect was to push the F.D.A.
Dry meatloaf , as in the case of the stuffed version here, wrapped around sautéed spinach, roasted peppers and provolone, is still dry meatloaf, even when it is made with grass-fed beef and served with mashed potatoes and fresh Jersey green beans.
The bump, whether bowed out from the back of the appliance or curved out in front, allows a round frozen pizza to fit into a toaster oven, which is relatively small and boxy.
Making a comeback after a three-year retirement, Armstrong, who races best when he has a rival as a certified enemy, chose for the role his nominal team leader, Contador.
The government said that it did not expect that the new text would require a referendum, which could have thrown the whole process into doubt.
“Hi, I’m Roger Keats, and I’m running to replace Todd Stroger,” he said to a sunburned man in a tank top.
We broke damn near every rule the department has.” “Yeah,” Mr. Whitford responded.
In statements and letters, Anthem and WellPoint have explained what the industry calls a recessionary death spiral: as unemployment and declining wages prompt healthy people to drop their insurance, the remaining risk pool becomes sicker and more expensive to insure, which in turn forces up prices and pushes more people out of the market.
The United Nations secretary general said he was “deeply shocked” by Mr. Chebeya’s death, and the United States, European Union and French governments expressed concern and called for an independent inquiry.
In this area, Jaguar remains at a decided disadvantage to its European rivals.
Done in 1958 by Georges Mathieu, the abstract composition is enigmatically titled “Hugues de Payens fonde le temple.” Spiky dashes of black color spurt across the red ground.
James Avellino, the store’s manager, who described its niche as “value oriented” and “family focused,” said that customers were drawn by the convenient store hours, 8 a.m. to 10 p.m. For its part, Century 21 is offering the deep discounts on designer labels that shoppers would otherwise have to go to its Lower Manhattan store to get at that price.
But what she is really saying is: pay attention; keep looking for longer than you think you need to; suspend your expectations and see what happens.
Even if we reform Social Security, which we should, any plausible plan would phase in benefit changes to avoid harming current beneficiaries — and so would generate little savings over the next five years.
$8; seniors and students, $7; members and children under 12, free.
I cannot believe that your reporter and editors witnessed this event, along with the rest of us, and then forgot about it.
He recalled a conversation he had with friends in college about their aspirations.
She moved from her hometown, Guadalajara, Mexico, where she lived with her parents and siblings, to Mexico City, where she is shuttled around by a driver in a bulletproof car.
In the 1960s, he was promoted, which required us to move to Montreal.
The south of Kyrgyzstan is part of the Ferghana Valley, a fertile strip of land that has a long history of interethnic strife and includes parts of Uzbekistan and Tajikistan.
Her love, special qualities, and unique sense of humor will be missed.
Citing a 70 percent rise in equity prices since late 2008, Castlestone said that ''equities is considered to be a key indicator when analyzing trends in the art markets.''
“Who in their right mind would go into the Olympic Games trying to insult someone?” Some online responses to Manton’s criticism in The Sydney Morning Herald suggested that aboriginals should not hoard indigenous culture, that it should be shared and celebrated, even if not precisely or elegantly replicated.
members political cover to adopt sometimes-unpopular measures to make labor markets less rigid and overhaul welfare systems by sharing “best practice.” France, for example, learned something from Denmark’s “flexicurity” model — combining flexibility and security — which protects workers rather than jobs by making it easier to fire employees but providing generous benefits and retraining.
To the Editor: Re “ Obama’s Overdue AIDS Bill ,” by Desmond Tutu (Op-Ed, July 21): The United States has been and continues to be the global leader on H.I.V./AIDS.
Even before the budget cuts, Mr. Christie, the first Republican to lead the state in eight years, had come under fire from some educators and parents for seeking to limit teacher benefits and pensions, and for referring in a debate to preschool — a priority of the administration of the previous governor, Jon S. Corzine — as “baby-sitting.” Mr. Schundler has also raised hackles for saying that he favors more school options, like charter schools and the creation of a voucherlike system that would pay for students to go to private and out-of-district schools.
So if you spell it M-e-r-k-o-w-s-k-y, it’s not going to be thrown out.
In 125 regular-season games, Warner completed 65.5 percent of his passes for 32,344 yards and 208 touchdowns.
¶Bayern Munich Coach Louis van Gaal’s job is safe despite the team’s being 14 points behind the Bundesliga leader Borussia Dortmund close to the halfway mark of the season, according to the club chairman, Karl-Heinz Rummenigge.
If she does not pay, she said, hospital officials have warned that her husband will be released to her custody.
That prevents accidents but also saves fuel, because safer drivers accelerate and slam on the brakes less often.
''Who plays golf by raking one ball after another into the same place while hitting the same club?
This was one of those situations where there was almost a complete complementary relationship between what we’re doing and the kinds of things they were thinking about doing,” Mr. Brill said.
Long Island Rail Road will provide additional early afternoon service leaving Pennsylvania Station on Friday; trains will operate on a Sunday/holiday schedule on Monday.
“Almost every time I take it out I have flashbacks of Dad teaching me to drive in that car, and golfing, and having Mom in the next seat pushing the imaginary brake when she thought I wasn’t paying attention, and all that kind of stuff.
At times beseeching and belligerent, Mr. McLaughlin argued his cousin’s case to get the new drug with anyone he could find at U.C.L.A.
The United States Citizenship and Immigration Services, an arm of the Department of Homeland Security, has concluded that the workers, part of a group of 500 men recruited to work in Gulf Coast shipyards after Hurricane Katrina, had been subject to involuntary servitude and were entitled to visas set aside for victims of human trafficking.
Being famous is work, and not always of the glamorous kind.
Just across the backyard is a shed that a neighbor uses to make cartridges for shooting the prairie dogs that infest the adjacent fields.
for better policing of such practices.
Indian authorities on Saturday issued a national alert after 9 people were killed and at least 57 were wounded when a bomb exploded at a bakery in a neighborhood popular with foreign tourists in the western Indian city of Pune.
Sol Stern, an education researcher at the Manhattan Institute, a conservative research group, said he thought that the deal was a victory for Mr. Bloomberg, and that Mr. Polakow-Suransky’s appointment would not be a serious check to Ms. Black’s authority.
“They love him, in fact.
Having the recipe appear in the magazine ads helped volume grow for “a number of years,” Ms. Rivas says, “but it plateaued.” “As soon as you introduce the idea of the recipe,” consumers “immediately want to try it,” she adds, so “taking the leap from print to TV” should increase sales as more consumers are exposed to the new use for the product.
Led by Steve Black, JPMorgan’s co-head of investment banking, and Chad Leat, co-head of global credit at Citigroup, the bankers asked the private equity firms to share the pain by ponying up more fees or sweetening the loan terms.
He worried for his children, asleep in their bedroom; for his wife, prostrate next to him; and for himself as two men brandished guns and a third accomplice, a woman, lashed Mr. Baez and his wife with duct tape and electrical cord.
Google, on the other hand, wants smartphones to have open, nonproprietary platforms so users can freely roam the Web for apps that work on many devices.
“We in Germany are pledged to solidarity and we will show it,” said Michael Offer, a spokesman for the Finance Ministry.
In Spain, they come at a particularly hard time.
Teachers were urged to make sure students heard the phrase, “When you go to college ...” in every class, every day.
Although the recent round of attacks against Google and other companies appears to have come from China, the threat is not limited to that country, according to computer security researchers.
Mondays through Saturdays, 10 a.m. to 6 p.m.; Sundays, 11 a.m. to 5 p.m. Emporium Gallery, 15 Water Street.
Charles Herz Moose, Wyo., May 28, 2010  To the Editor: While there is truth in each of the tendencies David Brooks describes — yes, people do underestimate risk; yes, they do participate in group think; yes, there is complex machinery that no lay person understands — we should not use them to relieve BP of responsibility for this disaster.
That can really lie only in a humanization of sexuality.
And our bosses deserve the pretense that we’re focused on it while we’re on the clock.
In reality, only one opponent remains — for boxing fans, for Pacquiao, for Mayweather, for the sport itself.
“No one really knows when the airports are going to reopen.
“Totally,” said Quinn Tincher, alpha voice of the pack.
He proposes subsidizing small farms for their stewardship of the earth, and paying them fairer prices for production; taxing food to reflect its true costs to the environment; regulating practices that counter sustainability and rewarding those that promote it; and educating the public about the true costs of food.
“It’s unfortunate that a sports fan might have to miss a single pitch or snap,” Lou D’Ermilio, a spokesman for Fox Sports, said in a statement, “but our position in these negotiations is entirely reasonable — we are simply asking for fair compensation for the value that Fox5 and My9 programming offers and the same negotiated rate that other cable operators have agreed to already.”
There was a bit of a crosswind; it didn’t affect her too much.
“To give you a picture, if it were to be all dumped on the 100-yard field, it’d be about 20 feet deep,” he said.
That case is effectively delayed until the federal prosecution is concluded.
But even he hedged, noting that the song’s “triumphalist” nature might contribute to the violence.
The European Union and Russia have reached a deal settling outstanding trade issues that should smooth the way for Russia to become a member of the World Trade Organization next year.
Take the restaurant Animal, in Fairfax, which has concrete floors and hardwood benches, bringing to mind an indoor picnic.
A series of photographs by David Wojnarowicz documents the death of his mentor and lover, the photographer Peter Hujar, from AIDS in a hospital; nearby is a matter-of-fact letter to Hujar from his doctor describing his dire medical condition.
“We watch a Yankees game together and have a few beers.” Both brokers and longtime apartment dwellers agree that fantastic common space can have a profound influence on the social temperature of a building.
You should be able to fit your snow pants, which are bulky and difficult to fit in a suitcase, in the boot bag or backpack, as well.
The names on the ballot here are so well known that it is hard to believe that there are any undecided voters, especially after the assault of months of campaign commercials.
“We don’t actually know what the causes are at this point,” Dr. Konrath said.
Sitting at a table with a laptop, she reads some of his e-mails and plays several saved messages left by him on her phone.
However that turns out, the bloodletting should not stop there.
“It’s a bittersweet feeling,” said Nicole Paultre Bell, Mr. Bell’s fiancée, who legally took his last name after his death.
This was consistent with the interpretation that the former action surprised them; they expected the ball to approach the helper.
Six local libraries were given $300 grants to create programs for their communities.
But the extent and sophistication of his use of photography from the late 1930s on will come as a surprise to many of his fans and detractors.
We piled the groceries into the bottom of the boat and took a ride that was just a mile, but might as well have been 30, across water that never got more than three feet deep, out to the little island in the distance.
Thai authorities seized more than 35 tons of arms from a plane they said had come from North Korea, and arrested its five crew members after an emergency landing in Bangkok in December.
Some have found that alcoholic beverages speed the emptying of food from the stomach and stimulate gastric acid , while others maintain there is little effect .
— 13 percent of the fund in February — Mr. Rohm managed to avoid getting burned by the financial crisis last fall in Dubai, the second-largest of the seven emirates.
“It was a risky year,” Mr. King says.
The pregame buzz turned instead to zzzzzz as the Giants rolled to a thorough if sleepy 31-7 rout .
He said 15 to 20 percent would be hybrids or hybrid plug-ins, and 5 percent would run on fuel cells or batteries.
Studen said, “I think this will have far-reaching effects.” But Kesten said the judge’s ruling applied only to this club and to this particular circumstance.
But somewhere out there the feeling has coalesced that some of the billions spent in Kabul could be used to create jobs at home.
122209 issued on Jan. 1, the company said tiny cracks in the ceramic insulator of the plug might occur, causing a misfire and rough running.
In farewell posts, the bloggers charged that the advertorial was deceptive and undermined the purpose of the collective.
“It’s fascinating,” said Representative Chet Edwards, Democrat of Texas.
Correcting for that effect, growth was 1.5 percent, still very healthy, he said.
The very narrowest of trousers at Armani were veritable Zouave pants compared to Burberry’s offerings, which were so skinny that some editors referred to them as jeggings (jeans crossed with leggings).
Latinas ages 12 to 17 are the largest group of minority girls in the country, the United States Census Bureau has reported.
All of this would seem to relegate Newsom to the high-art avant-garde hinterlands.
Mr. Abelardo arrived in Barcelona from Ecuador in 1999 with the promise of a job in a warehouse.
Steve Shokouhi cannot help boasting.
Cisco executives noted, however, that the technology was used only to look for general characteristics.
Perhaps the passers-by thought he was just drunk.
I was not always persuaded by Mr. Eaton’s harmonic writing.
Sterling Kenan, a 31-year-old interior decorator who has been renting on Jane Street since May, said her border location was ideal, near restaurants like Pastis and Paradou but not too close to the area’s nightclubs.
The article said Baltimore guaranteed $4.5 million to Garrett Atkins, 30, after he hit .226 and slugged .342 last year.
Parts of other funds could be used for those purposes.
Follow her lead, perhaps, but with a glass of chardonnay.
Throw in the thick sound-insulation package and the result is a suitably powerful drivetrain that operates in virtual silence with shifts you practically need a stethoscope to detect.
They show that the boxers were ''altered and partially destroyed in what can only be an effort to assist defendants in defending the criminal case, and now, the civil case,'' the lawyers said.
The United States said Monday that it was disappointed by the move.
''We stopped selling that years ago.''
At Jesus Diamante, where lacey lingerie is laid out atop a pink bed, photo-taking of anything, including the extravagantly made-up sales staff, is taboo.
Materially it’s cornucopian, with all manner of painting and sculpture and a North Face supply of pilgrim travel gear: rucksacks, hiking staffs and fanny packs, not to mention charts and maps, some cosmic, some not.
“But after a bad 12 months, everyone is in a much better mood.” MAN AND MACHINE A green park where hefty sculpted figures created by Sauro Cavallini in 1976 were “dressed” in made-to-measure jeans — that was the concept for Notify, dreamed up by the contemporary designer Ron Arad.
He is a son of Bill Colavito of Thornwood, N.Y., and the late Rose Colavito.
Will the executives of an oil company whose extensive, and expensive, efforts to create a greener image are drowning in a sea of black crude tell a reporter, “You ask a lot of questions for someone from Brooklyn”?
Still, during an interview, the delicacy of her relationship with Mr. Bloomberg was apparent, as she denied that she was distancing herself from him even as she outlined her own expansive agenda for the coming term.
He’s done everything we’ve asked.” The successor to Stump, the Sussex spaniel who won best in show last year, will be chosen Tuesday night after the winners of the sporting, working and terrier groups are chosen.
Some students were astonished to learn that Chinese people used cellphones, she said.
When you depict Mozart, who died young, you expect a hero of youth, of beauty.
SPAN’S HIT LIFTS TWINS Denard Span drove in the go-ahead run with a single in the eighth inning, and the visiting Minnesota Twins beat the Toronto Blue Jays, 7-6.
The slogan “Chamber Music, It’s Not What You Think, It’s What You Feel” is followed by a tag line, “This fall, join the Chamber Music Society of Lincoln Center and hear the finest, most exquisite chamber music our world has to offer.” “We are into truth in marketing,” Mr. Finckel said.
They only care about 20-year-old political prisoners.” Opposition leaders, who include five former candidates for president — one of whom helped found Charter 97, another of whom was knocked unconscious Sunday — have been jailed and could face up to 15 years in prison on charges of provoking violence.
said, and they should disclose what methodology they use.
With most of the industry still struggling to return to profit after a devastating 2009, financial constraints could reduce the number of international trade representatives attending the show.
The renewed boom for industrial companies like Magnet-Schultz has helped push the unemployment rate down to 3.4 percent in Memmingen, less than half the national average of 7.6 percent.
At least three Uighurs reported 50,000 of their own had been arrested by the government following the riots when in fact human rights organizations estimated no more than a few thousand had been detained.
But government revenue has dropped sharply during the recession , and levying higher taxes risks further slowing the economy.
Contador tested positive for a “very small concentration” of the drug on the final rest day of the Tour, according to the International Cycling Union .
“It is designed to defeat them.
An understandably irritated Mayor Michael Bloomberg on Thursday presented New York City’s $63 billion budget for next year with a huge question mark attached.
I’ve combed through the collective wisdom and the gut prognostications and offered my own predictions for your Oscar pool.
There is a possibility that all the African teams could be wiped out in the first round.
He also helped run Mr. Bloomberg’s re-election campaign in 2009, using the city’s historic rise in test scores to make the case for a third term.
The gates were closed again and much of the crowd dissipated.
He did not play high school basketball, and his college career consisted of one unremarkable season at a junior college in Oklahoma.
The superintendent interviewed him twice to make sure he did not change his story.
Suddenly the smiling, bearded face of Guillaume Canet , the writer and director, is everywhere.
His likeness will join a sculpture of Michael Jordan that has been outside the arena since 1994.
“The whole thing is mice and rats!” exclaimed one woman on the sidewalk as she passed by Mr. Stringer and his entourage.
Rather, it has to be thought of as a communication between people.
Dr. Acevedo expected to find only a small percentage of long-married couples still passionately in love.
When you plug into a Beats laptop and turn the volume up without playing anything, you don't hear the electronic background noise that gets in the way of the music on many computers.
Taberna do Adro Superb regional cuisine.
“Any minor improvement will be a godsend, but it will have a small impact,” she said.
“On Sundays, I sleep late,” she said.
It is a question that often comes to mind in a highly competitive city increasingly filled with cyclists.
Local musicians are supported not only by dozens of guitar and other instrument shops, but also by an institution that is fading elsewhere: the record store.
She became a licensed broker with the firm Houlihan/Lawrence, Inc. and was a member of Sotheby's International Realty.
Yet he is on deflatingly good behavior in this recently recast production, directed by Mr. Mamet, whose other new additions are Dennis Haysbert and Afton C. Williamson as Jack’s professional colleagues.
“It’s a way for the local community to sample the hotel,” Ms. Moniz said.
Executives from the U.S. Chamber of Commerce have been meeting almost daily with financial rule makers to air concerns about regulations they say threaten to curtail commerce.
His daily running habit remained an unbroken streak for more than 26 years.
“They are rejecting an idea before studying it.
The ban had prompted threats of election boycotts and warnings that the credibility of the election itself was at stake if political groups, particularly Sunnis, felt disenfranchised.
That set the stage for Butler, who used this tournament as a showcase for his polished, midrange game.
Dr. Musto’s historical research led him to take the long view on drug policy .
A study conducted in 2007 found that on average, there is more bacteria on a mobile phone than on a toilet seat, door handle or bottom of a shoe.
“When I wrote the book four or five years ago, it was during the rise of complex all-in-one devices that coincided with the ‘more is better’ mood,” he explained.
Her next try for 800 will be a challenge; the Cardinal will play against Summitt and Tennessee on Sunday.
Mr. Chabrol’s survivors also include his third wife, Aurore Pajot, who acted as his script supervisor on nearly all of his movies from 1968 on and whom he married in 1981; and Ms. Pajot’s daughter, Cécile Maistre, who was an assistant director on his films and wrote the script with him for “The Girl Cut in Two” (2007).
But Ms. Browner made a point of saying that the administration, led by Secretary of Energy Steven Chu , had told BP that the company should stop the top kill.
The Francos regularly commute to Sacramento to lobby policy makers at the Capitol.
If they could get the standby generators to work, he reasoned, they could start one of the remaining engines and fight the fires.
We didn’t spend the night in either Sulmona or Carpineto Nora, but near Sulmona is an agriturismo called Casale Falconero (39-347-497-4108; casalefalconero.com ; 70 euros a night for two), while Carpineto has a modest B&B, La Coccinella (39-346-844-1343; lacoccinellabb.it; 40 to 60 euros per night for a double room).
Language is exalted as the miracle maker of “The Miracle Worker,” the potential means of salvation for a knowledge-starved deaf and blind girl named Helen Keller.
Mr. Abbas called Washington to describe his predicament, which produced a phone call from Secretary of State Hillary Rodham Clinton to Mr. Netanyahu, demanding steps to keep the indirect talks alive.
Mr. Obama’s great friend, President Dmitri A. Medvedev of Russia, attending an economic conference with Mr. Sarkozy in St. Petersburg in June, seemed to board the French president’s ship of dreams — Sarko has talked about his G-20 presidency’s projects as an effort for “civilization” — by talking up a multicurrency reserve portfolio.
He was yanked quickly in the first inning by his manager, Haywood Sullivan, who went on to be a part owner of the Boston Red Sox.
During the Depression, President Franklin D. Roosevelt wavered repeatedly over the size of the New Deal; budgetary retrenchment helped set off a second deep recession in 1937-38.
“The federal government spends at least 15 times more on consumer compliance and enforcement for banks and credit unions than for nonbanks — even though there are at least five times as many nonbanks as there are banks and credit unions,” Michael S. Barr, the assistant Treasury secretary for financial institutions, said in a speech on Feb. 23.
Who’s the American idiot being referred to?
Nationally, women still make, on average, 78 cents for every dollar earned by men performing substantially the same work.
Still, he said, he did not know if the sounds were real.
Some big companies that have boomeranged back to the public may be suitable investments.
It will take a long time of good solid job growth to get those numbers down to where they were when unemployment was 5 percent.” The state’s unemployment rate rose last month to 8.3 percent, from 8.2 percent in October, while the number of jobs statewide was virtually unchanged.
The new network charges independent hotels less to obtain guest business than online booking sites, according to independent hotel operators.
According to the Montreal Real Estate Board, the median price of downtown condos has risen about 9 percent over the period, to 210,000 Canadian dollars, or about $198,000.
In the 1950s scenes, Philip is married to Sylvia, a former actress turned illustrator who is working with Oliver, a children’s book author.
“Goya has been targeting the general market for years and will continue to do so,” said Alvaro Serrano, senior marketing manager for the company.
In this age of million-dollar purses and million-mile travel, can the L.P.G.A.
The Dalai Lama, 74, lives in India and says he wants only “genuine autonomy” for Tibet, not independence.
Over all, the amount that New York’s schools have raised in property taxes — their tax levy — has climbed an average of 6.9 percent annually in the past decade, to a total of $29.1 billion in 2009, according to the state comptroller’s office.
The new owner, Lawrence Page, gave it a polished setting with more than 100 seats, a full bar, a cabaret and a 600-seat catering hall.
And there are many multilateral organizations that focus on environmental health, including several within the United Nations, that are far better equipped than the World Bank to handle the job.
But at the time, there was no indication from the player that something happened.
The master bedroom, also on the main floor, has an en-suite bathroom lined in white marble, with a shower stall and a separate bathtub.
What was originally the depot’s cold store — where milk churns and hundreds of bottles of milk were stored before distribution — was converted into a library and kitchen.
To watch the reed-thin Mr. Estabrooke and his young assistant, Gino Di Stefano, a Cobble Hill local, hauling pails of grain from a mill up a ladder to a small fermentation tank churned by a hand drill-powered concrete mixer, is to marvel at the blind audacity of the underdog.
I have a home in the Colorado Rockies that I don’t get to live in as much as I’d like.
Niese, 23, played down the significance of that double-digit statistic — “It really doesn’t matter,” he said — but Manager Jerry Manuel thought otherwise.
“I am journalist, not a provocateur,” Mr. Carlson said.
Green : Everything is fine, and who cares if we spelled “Massachusetts” wrong in one of the ads.
game in South America, which has produced a number of current N.B.A.
By inviting leading Western schools, the government is hoping to address one of the notorious stress points in South Korean society.
But they were resourceful and resilient in a convincing victory over a supposedly good Cowboys team in Dallas.
Allan Curry writes: "What's to account for the ubiquity of the word resonate , once largely confined to the concert hall, now more (and more) often used to suggest receptivity (to an idea, a political message, etc)?"
With an innate passion for automobiles and a manner that is at once formal, elegant and unpretentious, Mr. Herrmann is an ideal fit for the Pebble Beach podium.
But as usual, he found a way, snapping tricky curveballs at just the right moments and lasting eight innings, matching his high from last season.
Because more than five years had passed since Lieutenant Cushing’s death, the medal requires an act of Congress, which is expected to be passed in the next few months.
I remember saying to my driver, ‘As long as I don’t lose my hands, I’m fine.’ Because I like to draw, you know?
“It is not legal,” said Hayder al-Abadi, a spokesman for Prime Minister Nuri Kamal al-Maliki ’s State of Law political alliance.
“It’s O.K., baby,” Ms. Mayti told him, “we still have more money.” Minutes later, they lost the remaining $80,000 and went home not only empty-handed, but “devastated,” she said, about the loss of so much money.
On whether the numbers will be strong enough for Cooperstown — Pettitte’s record is 240-137 — Showalter asked: “Is Sandy Koufax in the Hall of Fame?” Koufax made the Hall with 165 victories, based on a six-year run of otherworldly dominance.
Throughout his recent run for Senate, the Florida Republican Marco Rubio made a big deal of the sacrifices his Cuban immigrant family made “so that I could live the American dream.” By campaign’s end, he was using the phrase so regularly that spokesmen for his Democratic opponent, Congressman Kendrick B. Meek, were reminding reporters that Rubio did not have a patent on it.
Ora’s walk in the Galilee is filled with strange-sounding flora — spiny broom, viper’s bugloss and spurge.
The stock options backdating prosecutions have largely been a bust , and not because it wasn’t a true scandal.
Liang, who is among the top players in Asia, has played in dozens of events on the European Tour in recent years, notching one victory, at the Clariden Leu Singapore Masters in 2007.
He also is slated to play for Slovakia at the Olympics.
“It allowed me possibilities.” Soon after arriving at Goldsmiths, where he initially studied painting, he became obsessed by film, and began visiting art cinemas throughout London in the company of a new girlfriend.
And that’s why the rest of the world’s politicized reaction to her work caught her by surprise.
The second half was hard-fought but inconclusive.
The Americans were also aided by errant Brazilian shooters, who missed their final seven 3-point attempts, many wide open.
M.B.A. students all have to spend time in the United States and in one of the other BRIC countries and develop a business project in Russia, as well as a social project.
In 2009, it estimated that it had operating revenue of $203.9 million and cash flow of $35.9 million.
How the education system handles these students has “profound implications” for the challenges that demographic change will bring on a national level, said Robert Carreon, who directs Teach For America’s program in the Valley.
The wait list for the housing authority has been closed since 1999, but officials announced this month that they would reopen it for new registration, adding up to 40,000 names.
A former judge, Ms. Valcu, 48, moved here from an apartment building in the center of the city.
Nor, in her discussion of “Rivals,” can she skirt around Samuel Richardson’s “Clarissa” or “The Bostonians,” by Henry James.
That Johnson hasn't fired his caddie is evidence that he is still not serious about becoming an elite golfer or he has taken complete responsibility for his foolishness.
in 1987, he taught for a few years at St. John’s University in Staten Island.
The Nook Color is absolutely bristling with features.
Michael P. Niemira, chief economist and director of research for the International Council of Shopping Centers, an industry group, said in a news release that January’s results were “an impressive gain.” Also, retailers most likely had better profit margins because they did not have to discount as radically as last year.
“So it was like Bernie Madoff!” one city official exclaimed.
“Not to sound cocky, but he had been training better than any horse I’ve ever trained at this point in the year.
The Egyptians, it seems, were nothing if not pragmatic.
Any jump beyond the line marking 125 meters was greeted by cheers and cowbells.
Consider the following: Every little makes a mickle.
They span the globe, from the 727 registered in Italy to the single agents on the roll in North Korea, the Cayman Islands, the Philippines and the Seychelles.
“In New York, people say, ‘Hey, play something for us, you know?
I competed against two friends who played on their PCs.
Now she is amazed to see him occupy an influential role in a national art debate.
"Philanthropy is a job and I was just doing my job," he says.
Many economists, including Ms. Wang, predict that China will easily beat its goal of 8 percent growth this year.
That’s once you factor in all the “Will ‘n Kate” commemorative memorabilia (anyone for a two-handled loving cup?
Rescue crews were piping tubes containing sugars, water and liquid nutrients to help sustain them while preparing to start the painstaking work of drilling another tunnel without causing another collapse.
How to describe the texture?
Otherwise, the long-term deficit will continue to rise, and nervous investors may eventually demand that the federal government pay higher interest rates.
Bones of 16th-century American Indians in Florida and Georgia showed significant increases in osteoarthritis after Spanish missionaries arrived and tribes adopted farming, increasing their workload but also shifting their diet from fish and wild plants to corn, which “lacks a couple of essential amino acids and is iron deficient,” said Clark Larsen, an Ohio State University anthropologist collaborating with Dr. Peterson.
He had a concussion, a litany of bruises and several broken bones in his face.
One media editor who has 22,000 followers on his microblog wrote that users could not even search his name.
He still appears there from time to time, and performed Wednesday night.
The 2000 presidential election debacle in Florida, with its hanging chads and uncounted votes, highlighted the deep flaws in voting machine technology — and in the industry.
Last year, a book of his photographs of Rome was published by TeNeus.
“However, if you were sponsored by a particular state senator and you made a decision he didn’t like, it is conceivable that the next time you are up to be reappointed, he may not push your name to the governor.” Mr. Dennison said he loved the job, taking pride in having an impact on people’s lives — freeing those he deemed deserving, leaving caged those he determined were dangerous.
His shout-out goes to an ESPN advertisement, below, a “fabulous” role-reversal bit in which a group of geeky mathletes deride a couple of jocks as nerds for discussing sports stats in the cafeteria.
“If I’m looking for a day care for my 6-year-old, I’m going to put that in my status message, not do a Google search.” Mr. Schrage of Facebook said the controversy over the site’s changes was indicative of a larger shift online.
Caddisflies build their tubes in the same way as P. californica, but with a much different glue — strands of silk that attach to the bits of sand, tying them all together.
Ms. Dijkstra photographed Almerisa regularly from 1994 to 2008, in more or less the same setting and pose.
(Most of the others, presumably, wear a beard or use an electric razor.)
First and foremost, IE9 is amazingly fast.
Unscrupulous charities, Sally Struthers and those ubiquitous “dollar a day” commercials on cable networks have made sponsoring a child in Africa a joke to many people.
“I hope I look so good as I age.” The 10th season is scheduled to start next January.
“I have said it so many times I’m getting tired of it,” Mr. Bloomberg said recently of his support for the center.
Written and directed by Alex Gibney ; director of photography, Maryse Alberti; edited by Plummy Tucker; music by Peter Nashel; produced by Mr. Gibney, Jedd Wider, Todd Wider and Maiken Baird; released by Magnolia Pictures.
The Liverpool captain Steven Gerrard went in as a substitute and scored a hat trick in the last 15 minutes to give his team a third straight win for the first time in almost 14 months.
It has all-wheel drive, an adequately spacious cargo area and a strangely specific tow rating of 7,716 pounds.
Some of the women are on the heavier side, but there is only peripheral talk about gyms and the sweat investments required to look decent in a Vera Wang gown.
In most markets, consumers wouldn’t pay this much for so little.
His goal of logging every screen, jump shot, inbounds play and trap-laden defense of the Final Four teams Butler, Duke and West Virginia has not yet been reached.
Curious too that before the match Saturday, Zinédine Zidane, the former star hired as adviser to the club president, Florentino Perez, told Europe 1 radio station that he hopes to work more closely with Mourinho and be “the link between the team and the president.” Intriguing.
Alison Goodwin, a department spokeswoman, said that if there was no report of abuse or neglect, the agency would intervene only if the family asked for help.
Some religious leaders here said they were glad to see the swami dip a toe in politics.
While several new and expensive versions of these drugs have come on the market in recent years, a study done by Consumer Reports Health in February 2009 found that the older, less expensive and generic versions of these drugs are just as effective as the new drugs.
William M. Hoppe, the church’s pastor, said.
Around 2:30 or 3, if anybody’s hungry, I’ll make grilled cheese sandwiches or whatever.
A search for greater meaning is doomed by an utterly pedestrian essence.
The decision by the court is a victory for 35,000 citizens who formally opposed the law, which was introduced in 2008, but it was seen by conservative legislators as a setback to cooperation between the European Union and the United States on exchanging information to deal with terrorism, money laundering and organized crime.
Carlo Janka, the Swiss man who won the classic Lauberhorn downhill in Wengen this year, is positively understated.
Wood strikes us today as a comical-looking little woman, but her presentation was always thought to be odd.
In the backyard, mod plastic chairs perch on sand.
Tens of thousands of terrorists are in “de-radicalization” programs around the globe, and they are being interviewed, counseled and subjected to psychological testing, offering the chance to collect real data on the subject.
Though some support the American position, others, citing a constitutional ban on opium cultivation, want to plow the fields under before the harvest, which has already begun in parts of Helmand Province.
Sure enough, he has borne out that image by sending forth his lawyer, Bertram Fields, in take-charge mode.
Tall glass windows provided lots of light — and a view of busy 41st Street below.
A confirmation fight on social issues like same-sex marriage or judicial activism could also create political problems for Democrats running in conservative states, like Senators Blanche Lincoln of Arkansas and Michael Bennet of Colorado .
13 seed, Jürgen Melzer of Austria, whom he defeated, 6-3, 7-6 (4), 6-3.
Running time: 1 hour 20 minutes.
In college at Simon Fraser in British Columbia, Triano drove over the border on weekends to play for an A.A.U.
“Nobody says, ‘I told you so.’ ” His team grade-point average is 3.2.
“It enables multifunctional use of space in densely populated areas, without further increasing flood risk.” The world’s first floating pavilion was built in Rotterdam.
Mr. Lomborg, author of the best-selling book “The Skeptical Environmentalist: Measuring the Real State of the World,” published in Denmark in 1998, and the follow-up, “Cool It: The Skeptical Environmentalist’s Guide to Global Warming ” (2007), has argued against what he believes are extreme and alarmist scenarios presented by other environmentalists, and has urged scientists and governments to pursue practical solutions for global warming using the limited resources at their disposal.
The cheeseburger defense is being invoked again at the White House.
He will play first base for White Sox even though they signed Adam Dunn last week.
Beyond that, Mr. Netanyahu, who has consistently resisted attempts by the Obama administration to extend a settlement freeze to aid peace talks with the Palestinians, is not exactly in good favor with the Obama administration right now.
“We have to do our job.
The White House is also pitching in.
He framed the image within a broader crusade against the federal government: privatize Social Security , eliminate the Department of Education , slash taxes and spending, end earmarks.
That can be the difference between breaking even and not.
He is survived by his loving wife, Maida (Seltzer), of over sixty-five years, his son, Harold Bornstein, M.D., his daughters Bonnie (Hyken) and Gail (Wachtel), his daughter-in-law, Melissa (Brown-Bornstein), his sons-in-law, Richard Hyken and Dr. Clifford Wachtel, and ten grandchildren, Kimberly (Boland), Kari (Seletz), and Matthew (Wachtel), Samuel and Lauren (Hyken), Robyn, Joseph, M.D., Alix, Jeremee and Jackson (Bornstein).
Still, it was hard to predict the level of intensity and theatrics that have surrounded the special election, scheduled for Tuesday, in a Brooklyn district that includes the Orthodox Jewish precincts of Borough Park and Midwood, where Pakistani-Americans are also asserting their political clout, as well as Bensonhurst, the Italian stronghold that has had an influx of Chinese, Russian and Arab immigrants.
“The most expensive work on display was $10,000, but it did not succeed in finding a buyer,” she recalled on a drive to Songzhuang in September.
Who’s afraid of John Cassavetes ?
Opponents of the proposals said they were an attempt by the party to strengthen its own hand and to deepen the encroachment of religious conservatism.
40: The number of American billionaires who have pledged to give away more than half of their fortunes to charity as part of the Giving Pledge, a philanthrophic campaign targeting billionaires that was started in June by Warren Buffett and Bill and Melinda Gates.
What are you talking about?
The central bank, he added, now has to steer an increasingly cautious course: it needs to temper a red-hot minerals sector and surging jobs growth, but do so without seriously damaging household debt, which has been soaring as the economy picked up.
“It is still a reading experience.” Grand Central Publishing, part of Hachette, released an “enriched” e-book version of Mr. Baldacci’s latest novel, “Deliver Us From Evil,” in April to coincide with the hardcover release.
Knowing it, though, forces a reappraisal not just of this song, but of the singer in his last days.
While much attention is given to the rat problem, we seem to neglect these disgusting winged creatures that are running the city, depositing their waste on our buildings and clothes, flying dangerously low over our heads.
The Larry Summers burger, topped with Swiss cheese and honey mustard, was removed from the menu after he resigned as president.
The North American bakery unit generated $2.13 billion in sales in the fiscal year that ended Oct. 2, out of $10.79 billion for the entire company.
On Mondays, the network will temporarily shelve “The Event,” whose ratings have fallen, though it remains among the most digitally recorded shows on television.
“I know that I can beat him.
“Basically the United States wants to close the Iraq file and that is what it is doing,” said Joost R. Hiltermann, the deputy Middle East program director at the International Crisis Group.
The meat from another bull slaughtered last month was prevented from being sold.
But flourishing demand for her cheese, and her policy of never refusing a local customer, means that it may be hard to find in urban markets.
For many people, the answer can be summed up in one little word: elevator.
Arriving there, you can see why.
Not only did he intervene, Mr. Karzai told ABC’s “This Week ,” “I intervened very, very strongly.” Mr. Karzai continued: “This man was taken out of his house in the middle of the night by 30 Kalashnikov-toting masked men in the name of Afghan law enforcement.
How curious that a mob fond of likening President Obama to Hitler knows so little about history that it doesn’t recognize its own small-scale mimicry of Kristallnacht.
One effect of the years of violence in Iraq has been to create a sense of resilience and sometimes even defiance.
Mr. Scott provided attacks of his own.
Friends will be received Thursday 7-9pm and Friday 2-4 and 7-9pm.
If I go to Beijing or Shanghai or I go to Sydney or Rome or Paris, everybody knows this is where the Ryder Cup was held.
Dhiraj Nayyar, a senior editor at The Financial Express, said the cricket scandal was best understood in the context of India’s economic evolution.
At the Quad Cinema, 34 West 13th Street, Greenwich Village.
The new system is expected to ease airport congestion and delays by allowing planes to take more direct routes and fly closer to each other.
The instrument, which has more than 6,000 pipes, is described by Dennis Keene, the church’s artistic director, as having a sound that is “unabashedly French, full of color and character.” It will be inaugurated in a recital by the Parisian organist Jon Gillock, who will perform works by Dupré, Franck, Vierne, Tournemire, Duruflé, Messiaen and others.
His crash occurred on his sixth and final training run during the run-up to the Olympics.
To his credit, while Mr. Ravalomanana was gobbling up the economy he was also gnawing away at the nation’s poverty rate.
There, while working on the genetics of pox viruses and the immune system, he discovered that mousepox, a disease in mice, provided a useful model for investigating the incubation period of infectious diseases like smallpox, measles and chickenpox .
“You need a simplified label.
“I am simply focused on the injustice and the disparities in the criminal justice system.” How black voters in California decide on Proposition 19, which would allow anyone 21 and over to possess up to an ounce of marijuana, could be critical to its success or failure.
In 2003, Dr. Perelman posted a series of papers on the Internet claiming to have proved the conjecture, and a deeper problem by the Cornell mathematician William Thurston, building on work by Richard Hamilton, a Columbia University mathematician.
When the presidential campaign moves to South Carolina, the state’s new governor, Nikki Haley , will owe her one.
His shining moment, though, came when he made an eagle at No.
For the Tuccis, who moved to Colorado from Michigan last year, the border-crossing from real to artificial — their tree cost $369 — was partly, if perhaps paradoxically, about holding on to the authentic elements of the holiday season.
Is any kind of communal wisdom glimpsed?
With Forest giving every indication that it plans to stick around this season in the race for promotion to the Premier League, Davies has been pestered by comparisons to Clough, who died in 2004.
Carriers can terminate the contracts or drag a channel into court if they perceive a change, but those cases are rare.
Bank of America’s Rejection Letter on Mortgage Claims Go to Regulatory Filing from Citigroup » Go to Regulatory Filing from Bank of America » Go to Regulatory Filing from Well Fargo » Go to Press Release from Bank of America » Go to Related Article from The New York Times »
“We have almost everyone healthy and, with that, we have a great team.” INSIDE PITCH Yankees outfielder Marcus Thames used to be a teammate of Detroit Tigers pitcher Armando Galarraga — the player at the center of the baseball universe after a blown call by the umpire Jim Joyce ruined his chance for a perfect game Wednesday.
About $100 a month ended up being collected in the Change4Change Jar.
They’re the bonus material on the DVD.” Christopher Hitchens’s trailer for “Hitch-22,” for example, is a punchy showcase of 22 controversial comments Mr. Hitchens has made over the years.
In addition to her husband, Ms. Schmidt is survived by their daughter, Susanne.
In the Old Family Dining Room, under sparkling chandeliers and portraits of former first ladies, the mostly Jewish and African-American guests will recite prayers and retell the biblical story of slavery and liberation, ending with the traditional declaration “Next year in Jerusalem.” (Never mind the current chill in the administration’s relationship with Israel.)
For instance, I know of an elderly couple who were bound together in marital misery for decades.
Dobbs, a senior quarterback, celebrated Senior Day with touchdown runs of 1, 1 and 3 yards, giving him 40 over the last two seasons — a record for rushing touchdowns by a quarterback in successive seasons.
A report last year from the consulting firm McKinsey & Company found that the United States as a whole could save $1.2 trillion through 2020 by investing $520 billion in efficiency.
“I got the snap and tried to get it off quick.
An ElBaradei for President group on Facebook has more than 60,000 members.
FRUGAL TRAVELER Follow Matt Gross, the Frugal Traveler, as he seeks high style on a low budget.
“If you’ve ever applied for a credit card, a student loan or a mortgage , you know the feeling of signing your name to pages of barely understandable fine print,” Mr. Obama said.
Obama’s health care initiative — plus other unpopular social and economic schemes based on ideas that are too far to the left for the center-right electorate — have had predictable consequences for a Democrat-led government.
He fell 20 feet to the bottom of the pipe, striking the back of his head, and tumbling to a stop.
The effect on the economy of this city of 250,000 residents, for whom fishing is the main industry, will be far-reaching, with city officials estimating that it could take up to a decade to rebuild homes and port facilities.
There are no set rules here, but I will give you a hint: When my husband and I plan to switch appetizers, I make a point of ordering the cold appetizer.
The earthquake that virtually leveled Bam was a magnitude 6.3.
Last year, the blue-and-white unity flag fluttered in the packed stands at the World Cup Stadium in Seoul as North Korea played the South, with the home team’s exuberant fans cheering for both squads.
Much as it pains me to admit, your new sister-in-law, at 25, probably wants to give you the slip as much as you do her.
One is the glass preserving jar, a forerunner of the tin can, which was dreamed up in 1809 by a Paris chef, Nicolas Appert, as the winning entry of a competition launched by Napoleon Bonaparte to improve the French Army’s food.
Along with other people involved in the process, they added, Dr. Thom Mayer, the union’s medical director, insisted at several junctures that the information be released.
Services Wednesday, 11:15am at "The Riverside," 76th St. & Amsterdam Ave.
“An officer’s son will always become an officer,” his boss, Chef Kishen, notes.
Fidel González, a 31-year-old Mexican immigrant walking home after playing soccer in a park, was set upon by several men yelling anti-Mexican epithets, the police said.
Inside that same paper, the Friday after the disaster, was a gruesome scene from the central morgue in Port-au-Prince: a man mourning the death of his 10-month-old daughter, lying in her diaper atop a pile of bodies.
Elizabeth Warren, our TARP supervisor, continues to ask questions about what we did with our government money; Mary Schapiro has used her authority at the S.E.C.
Then there is Eric T. Schneiderman , a state senator from the Upper West Side of Manhattan who is running for attorney general.
We’ll fight for anything.” Russell Bourrienne said he lost hundreds of thousands of dollars because of his broker’s mismanagement.
“And right now I’m eight back.
Everyone is interested in reaching an understanding.” The Palestinians oppose all Israeli building in East Jerusalem.
An essential quality of a gift is that it comes with no strings, with no reciprocal obligations.
It was skiing at its most bare-bones, before the advent of the high-speed quad.
“He brought a great stability and calmness, like an old soul.
And before he can say “The Hound of the Baskervilles,” Harold is swept up into a mystery that will force him to do a latter-day Holmes imitation.
In France that can reach 50 percent during the vacation season when the country’s Autoroute du Soleil is crammed with German, Dutch, Belgian and British vehicles.
Ferguson tried to peddle positives.
“We have a lot of individuals going from personal to commercial,” Mr. Grayson said.
A decade ago who would have thought that a Texas growl would supplant la-di-dah elegance at the Café Carlyle as the holiday season approaches?
Allen Craig had two runs batted in without a hit off Kershaw (9-5), who issued consecutive walks on 11 pitches to start the Cardinals’ two-run first, meriting a quick visit from the pitching coach Rick Honeycutt.
“It would be amazing for Morgan to be the guy to bring the Apted thing to MTV,” Mr. DiSanto said.
“We now view dementia as a late stage in the process.” The new guidelines include criteria for three stages of the disease: preclinical disease, mild cognitive impairment due to Alzheimer’s disease and, lastly, Alzheimer’s dementia.
If they ever had a system of writing, it left no trace.
Wellpoint, the nation’s biggest health insurer, reported second-quarter sales of $14.5 billion, missing analysts’ average estimate of $14.6 billion.
Guillen, a native of Venezuela who became a United States citizen, is famous in baseball for saying exactly what he thinks.
He was a longtime Adjunct Professor in the Sociology Department of Nassau Community College.
But this was not a World Cup qualifying match, or even your average amateur soccer match.
The owner of the independent Des Moines minor league team, which had coveted him, contended that Feller had been acquired by the Indians in violation of baseball rules that governed the signing of amateurs.
Ms. Johnsen was singled out by conservatives as too liberal, in part because of her work for an abortion rights group two decades ago.
Jason C. Brezler, got pledges from 25 former insurgents to sign up as police recruits in the northern Helmand village of Soorkano.
Then, Mr. Qi drove off.
“It’s kind of crazy to stop what we are doing right now and take our eye off the prize.”
After the accident, she went on disability, which provided about half of her pay.
Burlap from a hardware store ($10) was turned into curtains for the living room and office; Ms. Brechbuehler sewed a wooden dowel at the bottom of each panel to anchor it.
So if conditioning tests are run, they count against the maximum three hours of daily practice time that teams are allotted during the initial five days of training camp.
Over the next several days, Mr. Gates is to have talks with Gen. David H. Petraeus, the top United States and NATO commander in Afghanistan, as the White House prepares a year-end review of its strategy in the country.
“That was a momentum changer.” Stephen Jackson led Charlotte with 22 points, Gerald Wallace added 19 and Raymond Felton had 17.
For him, it’s a question of cadging free flights from airline press agents or being “comped” to a hotel room in return for mentioning the donor in his articles.
And Gabby just has a knack for the net.
I thought he was crazy.” Kurdo Baksi, another friend, had pretty much the same reaction a year later when Larsson told him he had written a thriller and offered to show him the manuscript.
“The leaders cannot leave Brussels without some deal.” Greece has pressed European Union leaders to clarify what kind of aid they would offer to help the country refinance its debt at lower rates than the market is commanding.
It requires card issuers to give a 45-day notice before raising interest rates, bars companies from raising interest rates on existing balances under all but a few circumstances, and requires that late charges and other penalties be “reasonable and proportional” to the customer’s infraction.
OxiClean Laundry Stain Remover, a spray, was more effective on large stains and textured fabrics than the gels and solids were, as it was able to cover a greater surface area.
Federal and state fuel taxes, too, combine to put a heavier hit on diesel — averaging about 52.5 cents a gallon nationally in October, according to the American Petroleum Institute, compared with 47.4 cents for gasoline.
Border checks on New York City trains would prompt a much louder clamor about misplaced priorities and racial profiling, and harsher questions about whether the crackdown has anything to do with making the country safer.
Mr. Landrieu invited federal intervention on his second day in office, an act of political courage even if it was a few steps ahead of a court order.
This Grand Slam tournament always vexed Williams, especially of late.
Thursday at 8 p.m. $27.
Watson hit his drop from the high grass left of the green into the greenside bunker on the other side.
For alongside the tree trunk effects in brown (a very 1970s color), there suddenly was a burst of blue flowers reflecting a subtext of the collection: china, as in Ming vase patterns in an intense blue.
With Android, in particular, Google has fostered a vibrant and chaotic smartphone platform in which companies of various shapes, sizes and standards have rushed out devices and complementary applications.
After attending a dinner party at which the guests urge a young woman who has just parted ways with her boyfriend to live it up while she still has the opportunity, Darren and Annie find themselves side by side in bed trying to remember the last time they had sex.
Its assault has been fiercely condemned around the world and ruptured relations with its closest Muslim ally, Turkey.
“Although the proposed TIDE trial is motivated by a desire for definitive answers regarding the cardiovascular safety of the drug rosiglitazone, the safety of the study itself cannot be assured and is not acceptable,” one of the reports concludes.
Each has offered different ways to hurdle financial obstacles that include the building’s enormous renovation costs, a wide floor plate that limits light and air at the center of the structure, zoning limitations, and property taxes of $1 million a year, which the federal government is exempt from paying.
In Udine he gave up painting altogether, immersing himself in drawing again.
And when it does, you’ll have to decide what hoops you’re willing to jump through to keep the letter “r” from falling out of your “free” account.
“You know, you go to practice on a Monday or Tuesday and you feel unbelievable and you are running with 22-year-olds, and then you get to Wednesday-Thursday-Friday and you can hardly walk, or you are struggling,” he said.
For another, he’d chosen to conduct the interview stretched out, face up, on a sectional couch in the Gunderson boys’ living room, striking a pose somewhere between therapy patient and spa patron awaiting a relaxing facial.
It was the Mets’ fourth victory in their last five games.
Second, the United States and other donors could make a formal undertaking to ensure that the vast amounts that will soon pour into the country for reconstruction go not to foreigners but to Haitians — and not only to Haitian contractors and builders but to Haitian workers, at reasonable wages.
It is easy to argue that the value of its donated time equals a payment even if the ad revenue went to charity.
When North Korea set off a nuclear test last year just months after Mr. Obama took office, the United States won passage of a United Nations Security Council resolution that imposed far harsher sanctions.
Contributions in her memory may be sent to any charitable institutions in the communities in which she lived, or to Hospice of Palm Beach County Foundation, 5300 East Ave, West Palm, FL 33407.
“In many places, European coal is not competitive but quite a lot of people work in the sector,” said Marlene Holzner, a spokeswoman for Energy Commissioner Günther Oettinger.
Paterno was no stranger to the area.
“But I’d rather have that than have somebody that’s polished and means we deal with the status quo.” Mr. Paladino’s campaign manager, Michael R. Caputo, said the Times poll this week, suggesting that Mr. Paladino’s popularity was waning, was the result of the “media elite’s wishful premise — that the electorate has gone to sleep over the media’s portrayal of one of Buffalo’s favorite sons.” The leader of the Erie County Republican Committee, Nicholas A. Langworthy, admitted to a “rough few weeks for the campaign” but said he was still confident that Mr. Paladino would carry his home county.
La Ville Blanche is something of a rarity in the urban landscape of India.
Two bearded Afghan men carrying Kalashnikov assault rifles run toward us shouting commands in Pashto, the local language.
While D’Antoni and Gallinari soaked up the sentiment, the rest of the Knicks just tried to get through the day on minimal sleep, with their body clocks in disarray because of the six-hour time difference.
It took a few visits to the pediatrician before she finally got a diagnosis: pertussis, the bacterial disease better known as whooping cough.
With one out in the fourth, it came in at 88 to Morales, who poked a one-out single that heralded Vazquez’s unraveling.
“It’s not like we’re talking about World War I or World War II, when countries were busy building vessels and competing.
Kerry Lauerman, an editor and writer at Salon for the last decade who most recently was its executive editor, will succeed her.
In lieu of customary remembrances, charitable donations may be directed to: Dr. W.K.
This year, a delegation from the Industrial and Commercial Bank of China made its way to Kimkan by helicopter to gaze at the bulldozers peeling back topsoil and to chat with the mine foreman, Viktor M. Ryabov, who explained the scale of the underground riches.
The extradition of the former minister, Moldomusa Kongantiyev, further signaled Moscow’s support for the new Kyrgyz government, which took power after protests on April 7 ousted Kyrgyzstan’s president and his government.
Mr. Paulson said that after his appointment in 2006 he tried to plug “huge gaping holes in the regulatory system,” including the risks posed by the mortgage finance companies Fannie Mae and Freddie Mac.
While this only outdid Sotheby’s score by just over $4 million, the sale pattern at Christie’s was spectacularly different.
Allora & Calzadilla chose “Ode to Joy” partly because of the dicey uses the work has been put to, but its back story is interesting only up to a point.
Boston had a man advantage because of a Buffalo penalty and had pulled Rask for an extra attacker.
Alan Gerry was on the left and Ron Greenberg was on the right.
But after 100,000 words of “The Pillars of the Earth,” that’s like that much.
The police briefly detained 218 people, according to the Belgian newspaper Le Soir .
“We have someone tracking all the tortoises continuously so whenever we determine one’s at risk, someone gets put on it,” said Ms. Vaughn, the tortoise biologist, as a young, palm-size tortoise was weighed and measured.
In 1967, Mrs. Murphy — by then married to Cornelius F. Murphy, a physician — successfully represented the syndicated newspaper columnists Drew Pearson and Jack Anderson.
and some committee members questioned the drug’s effectiveness, pointing out that many patients with the most severe symptoms were excluded from the trial.
President Obama , the House and a majority of senators clearly support an end to “don’t ask, don’t tell,” but that, of course, is insufficient in the upside-down world of today’s Senate, where 40 members can block anything.
The total, however, left him in a tie for fourth place and five strokes behind the champion, Phil Mickelson.
“But I hope so, because it shows if you want do to do something and you’re willing to do something, you can do it.” Greilinger was called to the German national team at 18 after racking up huge scoring totals in the country’s second-tier league for his hometown club in Bavaria.
All that was missing were airborne trees, rattling window shades and nervous children under beds.
Against the Indians on Thursday night, Daisuke Matsuzaka pitched eight solid innings and Adrian Beltre hit a grand slam to lead the host Red Sox to a 6-2 victory.
The only other European marque in the top 10 was Volvo, which placed 8th.
“They’re all strange objects,” he said.
The trend in news ratings for the first three months of this year is all up for one network, the Fox News Channel, which enjoyed its best quarter ever in ratings, and down for both MSNBC and CNN.
And he circled back time and again to a favorite meal served at Steak ’n Shake, an old-fashioned hamburger chain beloved in his part of the Midwest.
Mr. Coburn, in a statement, said Democratic leaders could continue to work with Republicans on areas of agreement — “or they can attempt an all-or-nothing reconciliation strategy based on the deeply flawed Senate and House bills and most likely accomplish nothing.” Mr. McConnell, at a news conference, cited the Republican victory in the Massachusetts special Senate election in January as an example of what could happen to Democrats if they succeed in adopting sweeping health care legislation “over the objections of the American people.” The bills passed by the House and the Senate would expand Medicaid to cover some 15 million people who are now uninsured.
When districts were last drawn, in 2002, seven upstate districts met population requirements as a result of people behind bars, according to an analysis conducted by the Prison Policy Initiative, a nonprofit advocacy group that has studied the issue.
Worse, a sudden and drastic upward revision of its deficit after a change of government last year exposed alarming deficiencies in Greece’s ability to produce reliable economic data.
Among them was Larry Waitz, now 100, whose “Little Creek” is one of several paintings in the show by Ms. Kroeger’s students.
“I couldn’t live without him,” said Ms. Feldman, a short, wisecracking woman who credits her husband with helping her cope with her diabetes, asthma and years of being legally blind.
“They like their marble buildings and they like their stature and they like their relevance,” Senator Bob Corker of Tennessee, who has been a Republican negotiator with Mr. Dodd on the regulatory overhaul, said last week.
Ms. Saariaho wrote “Lichtbogen” (“Lightbow,” 1986) after watching the movements of the northern lights.
Among sudden events, the Johnstown Flood might be a candidate for worst environmental disaster.
That makes nine children and Norman Mailer for a husband.
Both campaigns reported having about $4 million available to spend as of last month.
Earlier this year, the family’s investment arm, Istithmar World Capital, lost its stake in the publishing house after the publishing company restructured its debt, said Josef Blumenfeld, a spokesman for the publisher.
The two families provide conflicting accounts on whether money was also exchanged.
Upon hearing my voice, he commented to his friend, ''She's some kind of retard,'' and walked off.
After repeated trials on the same puzzles, the man who lost his memory learned to fill in the right answers.
The Games were a showcase for cloud computing in Asia: software, data storage, networking and even computing equipment on tap — as much as a customer desired for only as long as needed.
Meanwhile, Brazil is in retreat from the spirit it brought to the game as far back as 1958 under the one and only Pelé.
Peter Dawson, the chief executive of the Royal & Ancient Golf Club of St. Andrews, said he thought the victory by Oosthuizen was well earned.
Porsche calls it part of the true roadster experience.
But Blatter, who has been known to change his mind or have it changed for him, sounded as if he had truly had enough after the 2006 final.
Clearly, he was still much taller than the average person.
Its founder is facing federal charges that he embezzled from a nonprofit company.
“Let me tell you, that man’s brain is still very, very, very sharp, but his body is frail,” Mr. Tsvangirai said.
“Hand Dance” (2003), as advertised, featured five dancers’ arms, flashing through an otherwise darkened stage in abstract patterns and mimed activities.
“I am using this useless time to do something that will help me in the future,” he said.
Brewer for 16 years and is her spokesman (he declined to make her available for an interview), said her early years had been formative in forging a fiscally conservative, business-minded approach.
The king retails for $8,195.
over a week in the Hybrid, 25 percent better mileage than I got with the V-8.
the man seated to my right asked.
He likes the paychecks, but he doesn’t like to play football.” But Andrews said he was just as dedicated to his music while he was healthy.
She hates being upside down, and for years avoided learning the back flips that are now standard for most moguls skiers.
Robinson, who was traded from the Knicks in February, received tempered applause, which served more as recognition to his Knicks tenure than an ovation.
But the closing has nonmedical ramifications, too.
He is the richest man in the House, having made a fortune by making and selling car alarms, including the Viper, which features his own commanding voice declaring, “Please step away from the car.” And he is now clearly intent on making a name for himself sounding alarms of a different sort about the Obama administration.
“We are looking to provide equal access.” Congress, however, over objections from ACT, in 2008 rejected the courts’ “narrow” understanding of disability and amended the A.D.A.
In the first of Schubert’s Four Impromptus (D. 899), he immediately summoned the attention of his audience by playing the bare double octave that begins the piece with sternness and steely sound.
And he showed that he had a knack for hiring the right executives.
(The Saudis stopped striving to be the top foreign supplier to the United States years ago.
Of course, calling this a one-woman play is a bit misleading.
Set mainly in the mid-1980s during the Reagan presidency, the play assesses the impact of AIDS on seemingly disparate characters.
But there are signs that Israel’s drift to the right runs deep.
“To create a town within a building.”
Among the most prominent holdovers are Ms. Hammer, who will become the chairwoman of the cable entertainment division and will supervise the channels USA, SyFy, E Entertainment, G4, Chiller and Sleuth, and Ms. Zalaznick, who will gain the title of chairwoman of NBC Universal entertainment and digital networks and will supervise the channels Bravo and Oxygen as well as the Web site iVillage.
You’re supposed to be a good citizen, not an expressive artist.” Many of the performances to be heard in JapanNYC, therefore, will be object lessons in the virtues of overcoming: overcoming constraints and, in Mr. Ozawa’s case, overcoming pain.
Cooperation is the cornerstone of an effective counterterrorism strategy.
Coaches — not umpires — will be responsible for keeping track of pitch counts.
in the early 1990s, they ran a small, neighborhood grocery in a downtrodden section of Flint.
We try to help them be anything other than an A.T.M., which is how they feel every day.” How popular is this approach?
He wandered in Europe and across North America, he said, because “I wanted to find my life.” “I had gone through a near-death experience,” he explained, “and that gives you an insight into how fleeting life is, and what’s important.” After he settled here, his journey turned inward.
It’s about educating young people, and it’s about pointing out to them the power they have for positive change.” Kevin Grant, no relation to Oscar Grant, who leads a city violence-prevention program called Measure Y , said education before the verdict was crucial because most young people were vulnerable to being swept up in the emotional response.
We shivered through February and were glad to get back to New Jersey, where at least we could dress for the weather.
“These aren’t just scroungy dogs on the side of the road,” Ms. Gambill said.
The practical skills can be an advantage in the job hunt, too.
But at $1,500 a month, it was pricey.
The people who spoke about Terra Firma’s debt were granted anonymity because they were not authorized to speak publicly about its outcome.
The most significant one came last year during a workshop in Santa Fe.
About 32.5 million people will gain coverage, and health spending will grow slightly faster than projected under prior law — at an annual rate of 6.3 percent, rather than 6.1 percent, the report said.
There are those who say that the Democrats’ woes are overblown.
Which has stalled, and possibly ruined, the livelihoods of thousands, including this diminutive man living on his boat at the very end of a place that calls itself the “end of the world.” All he can do is paint, knock down some rust, and accept his boat’s lullaby sway.
Expanded rankings are available on the Web: nytimes.com/books.
He is considered a standout defender at small forward.
“When they find Grandpa’s treasure chest and pull things out, lo and behold there’s a hand grenade at the bottom.” Calls about old ammunition and shells have become a regular occurrence for many law enforcement agencies in recent years, officials said, especially in areas with a large number of veterans or old military installations.
Double rooms start at 850 koruna and include breakfast.
Mr. Karzai promised to make concrete efforts to reduce corruption and find a way to end the fighting in his country, echoing pledges in the past.
Her mother, an advanced-practice psychiatric nurse in private practice in Summit, is a member of the advisory board of Families of September 11th, an organization in New York that provides support and advocacy.
The NATO official said the authorities had compiled statistics on an increase in assassination-style killings in Kandahar, but a request for that information was turned down by the American Embassy on the grounds that it was classified.
Offending Mr. Bloomberg would most likely mean alienating his powerful network of wealthy friends, many of whom represent the Democratic Party’s biggest donors, like the financier Steven Rattner and the cosmetics heir Leonard A. Lauder.
Our taxi took a route that hugged the river, in which scattered reflections of light from the city made it appear as if scores of candles were bobbing on the surface.
THE fiddle-playing singer-songwriter Carrie Rodriguez knows audiences in Connecticut are used to performers belting out the familiar songs of well-loved artists rather than their own original material.
“As the second of two barriers to containing formation pressures, the B.O.P.
By any rational standard, I am disabled.
Later on in my career, I realized that there is nothing personal in business because most decisions are made for business reasons.
At this point fiction trumps truth, and we are in the comfortable land of Jason Bourne, James Bond and their technocratic ilk.
And of a listenership that has accepted his affection and facility for soul.
She met her husband John in Boston, and soon after their marriage in 1972 they began a life together in San Francisco where she continued her doctoral studies at Stanford University.
“Several high-level Intel officers, including CEO Craig Barrett, and other officials, such as American Chamber of Commerce President Andrew Somers, highlighted to the GOR interlocutors, including President Medvedev, the role Intel plays in employing over 1,000 Russian engineers,” a cable said.
Where last year, Roddick produced an instant classic, this Wimbledon ended, if not in an instant, then surely far earlier than Roddick, Lu or anybody else imagined.
“And it was never brought up.” Scheyer graduated from Duke with a history degree, then spent the summer with the Miami Heat.
But even then, he knew he would have a chance to start for the Crimson Tide this season.
And, really creepy, the experiments are performed on the campers.
In this case the investigating team discovers that dark forces have taken control of the judicial system even before the March 1976 coup that overthrew an elected Perónist government and put the military in control for seven bloody and repressive years.
Several analysts said the April deceleration was not a cause for concern.
But the company repeated earlier statements that its collection of data from Wi-Fi networks was a mistake but not illegal.
These versions of “Treat Me Nice,” “Loving You” and “Love Me” are pale, polite imitations of the versions we know.
Within a week, famous players Zinédine Zidane, Luís Figo, Ricardo Kaká, Thierry Henry, Edgar Davids, Rui Costa and others agreed to take part in a United Nations charity match in Lisbon’s Stadium of Light for the fund.
The handset makers Motorola and Research In Motion said Friday that they had settled a patent complaint over mobile technology that Motorola brought to the International Trade Commission this year.
In California, some of the country’s most-watched primary contests came to a close Monday.
The prosecutor assigned to the case declined on Monday to say why the charges were dropped.
Judge Hellerstein said the same criteria used to apportion the money in the bigger settlement would apply to the Port Authority agreement.
A few, like Cliff Lee, Carl Crawford, Jayson Werth and Adrian Beltre, will command lucrative deals after standout seasons, as Teixeira did after hitting .358 for the Angels in 2008.
Without that experience, students don’t know how to negotiate potential areas of friction like keeping the room in (relative) order, watching a roommate’s television or borrowing an iPod.
There could be such a thing as too much indexing.
All he did was rush for a career-high 1,697 yards.
But Dr. Nikolaus von Bomhard, chief executive of Munich Re, says climate change should not just be an opportunity for insurance companies to sell more policies for loss prevention.
Over a year later, just before Mr. Ruffin’s trial was set to begin, the police interviewed Mr. Dixon, who had been with Mr. Ruffin at the halfway house at the same time.
The judge characterized that expansive use of the so-called state-secrets privilege as amounting to “unfettered executive-branch discretion” that had “obvious potential for governmental abuse and overreaching.” That position, he said, would enable government officials to flout the warrant law, even though Congress had enacted it “specifically to rein in and create a judicial check for executive-branch abuses of surveillance authority.” Because the government merely sought to block the suit under the state-secrets privilege, it never mounted a direct legal defense of the N.S.A.
It bought YouTube for $1.65 billion in 2006, when the online video hub was making less than $11 million a year, according to a company filing.
They come with incalculable risks, he said, but they are subsiding all the time.
The next two tasks require going over a simulated snow bank and around a simulated parked car to get the eight items into the container.
The Americans Morgan Pressel and Paula Creamer have expressed a desire to hone their Spanish.
Among her dozen other Broadway appearances were the title roles of two Shavian dramas, “Mrs.
“I will do the same in Málaga,” Mr. Durruty said.
For its excellent third record, “Stories and Negotiations” (482 Music), the band brought in some elder statesmen — the trumpeter Art Hoyle, the trombonist Julian Priester and the tenor saxophonist Ira Sullivan — to expand a quintet into an octet for a live album.
Incidents like this seminar emphasize that it is in the interest of the Supreme Court to provide him and every justice with more specific guidance.
The White House, after resisting, signed on to the proposal, and so did Congress after much internal wrangling — but the legislation now contains what Mr. Volcker considers an annoying and potentially dangerous loophole.
3 (“In the Dark”) as part of the Moving Sounds Festival .
Demand was greater than on preorder days for earlier versions of the iPhone, and “today was the busiest online sales day in AT&T history,” he said in a statement.
Phoenix has more than 450,000 students at 200 campuses, topping the undergraduate enrollment of the Big Ten.
Rice noodles also are gluten-free, a godsend for those who can’t tolerate gluten but love their pastas.
But while the number of advertisements may have dipped, there has been a “proliferation” of eco-labeling, according to Scott McDougall , the president of TerraChoice, who says there are both good and bad players in the eco-labeling game.
“The images coming out of Haiti were highly compelling,” Mr. Strash said.
But the sense of being made to see as well as hear a novel’s literary voice anew — which is what happens with “Gatz” and “Sound” — never fully occurs.
In many cases, risk managers do not have full access to the compensation committee of the banks’ boards.
A recent Swedish study found that even people who live in loud neighborhoods report a 50 percent drop in their general noise annoyance levels if residential buildings have a quiet side.
Mr. Wolf has also been in talks with NBC about another spinoff, “Law & Order: Los Angeles.” Its debut was expected to be among the announcements made by NBC on Monday.
Mr. Nicholson, hovering next to Mr. Hopper, was wearing a sensationally ugly shirt decorated with the stars and stripes and the image of the two doomed motorcyclists from “Easy Rider,” the movie that made Mr. Hopper a director and broke Mr. Nicholson out of B-movie irrelevance.
Donovan was named the coach of the Liberty on Dec. 3 after guiding the team to a 7-10 record as interim coach.
This was the first time the Red Cross had hit Twitter’s leaderboard, and Ms. Harman expected a surge in donations.
But those studies report group outcomes.
Two were settled just last week, for a total of more than $1 billion, he added.
RATINGS Don’t Miss, Worth It, O.K., Don’t Bother.
It’s the yin and the yang of travel.” Fairmont Hotels and Resorts is hiring a yogi to work with the brand to develop signature classes for its Willow Stream Spas.
But she did, and when the flames were out, 58 percent of her body was burnt.
Utah will face the Los Angeles Lakers in the second round, and Jazz fans began chanting “Beat L.A.!” in the final minute.
The Cowboys are 4-2 under Garrett, with two road games to close out the season.
However, every other age group from 34 to 73 had modest rises in blogging.
• Tengda Asian Bistro and Hibachi 1676 Boston Post Road Milford (203) 877-8888 asianbistrogroup.com/milford/ WORTH IT THE SPACE Dominating the corner of an upscale outdoor shopping plaza, Tengda has a large open dining area with tables on the ground floor and mezzanine; a bar on one side; a marbled sushi bar on another; and seating for hibachi meals at the back.
In a statement , Cancellara’s employer, Team Saxo Bank, dismissed the accusations.
She is the daughter of Wanda A. Nesbitt and Arnold C. Nesbitt of Omaha.
The buzz was that the celebrity chef Tom Colicchio, having eaten at Rasika the night before, raved, via Twitter, about the experience.
“And that means there is a remaining vulnerability on air cargo.” Several European countries said Monday that they would suspend all cargo shipments from Yemen, with Britain also restricting shipments from Somalia.
He told Politico, “I did not privately or publicly encourage anyone else to donate to these campaigns, nor to any others in this election or any previous ones, nor have I previously donated to any political campaign at any level.” On Friday evening, no one at NBC suggested that Mr. Olbermann would be fired.
The affidavits included e-mail messages in which he confessed to paranoia and delusion; time records showing he had worked alone in the laboratory late at night before the anthrax mailings in September and October 2001; and genetic analysis tracing the mailed anthrax powder to a flask overseen by Dr. Ivins and stored in his lab.
An early winner of the CBS show “Survivor,” Zohn took his $1 million prize and dived into the world of philanthropy with Grassroots Soccer (an organization that promotes AIDS awareness in Africa) and other projects.
Eminent economists — and the official scorers at the Joint Committee on Taxation — believe that as employers spend less on health benefits they will increase wages to continue to attract high-quality workers.
The technology blog Engadget reported similar news and believes Apple is readying the release of a $99 Apple TV that is going to be rebranded iTV.
She also owns a store in West London and holds an occasional five-day master class (for which she charges about $4,700, including tax).
In the impunity of “the system”?
Plain, who saw nothing wrong with being entertaining.
The consensus is that the government is rapidly getting better at its work.
“Unlike the past, I’m not sure there is a prohibitive favorite,” Mr. Santorum said.
said Gregg Perelman, the chief executive of Walnut Capital, which is a partner with the RCG Longview Fund and the Feil Organization in the Bakery Square project.
“When researchers are constantly looking over their shoulders and are always worried about funding, that has a chilling effect on research,” said Laurie Zoloth, professor of medical ethics and director of the Center for Bioethics, Science and Society at the Feinberg School of Medicine.
Hundreds come daily to pick up medicine.
Mr. Ashcroft didn’t qualify even for that because Mr. Kidd made a plausible case that it was the attorney general’s own strategy that led to misuse of the material witness statute.
In a given month, nearly 90 percent of food stamp recipients still have incomes below the federal poverty line, according to the Department of Agriculture.
To find this out, they recruited a study group of 90 seemingly happy newlywed couples.
But while Ms. Black, 66, has been a highly visible and celebrated corporate executive, she has rarely spoken out on the big issues of the day.
This is just one way that he is attempting to hold on to some part of the past, something that anchors us to a time before Hurricane Katrina.
“My Mom Smokes Weed,” directed by Clay Liford, is a droll tale about a young man who, against his will, takes his mother to buy some pot.
As is its practice, the court gave no reasons for turning down the appeal in the case.
Unlike road- or bridge-building, it can happen in a matter of weeks.
Turn off the heat and swirl in the remaining tablespoon of butter.
“We would want to monitor treatment very closely,” Dr. Powell said.
“A large mosque with minarets in the city center will be a provocation,” said Dimitrios Pipikios, the head of a residents’ group in Aghios Panteleimonas, where Chrysi Avgi drew 20 percent of the vote in recent elections.
“Everyone’s a designer now, and everyone is so creative,” Ms, King said.
They said they would try to incorporate the salvaged elements into the underground station, which is scheduled to be completed in 2017.
ERIK PIEPENBURG AMAZING FEATS There is always a decent representation of clowns, mimes, jugglers, dancers, magicians and burlesque performers at the Fringe.
The condominium, which literally sits above the Thompson Hotel, offers residents full access to everything the hotel offers.
A 12-0 record in 2009 earned Muscle Hill 164 of 173 votes from the United States Harness Writers Association, easily defeating the trotter Lucky Jim and the pacer Well Said for the sport’s top award.
When asked why they trusted other people over chance, “our subjects didn’t have much insight into why they act the way they do,” Professor Dunning said.
The other riders are Slovenia’s Tadej Valjavec and Spain’s Jesus Rosendo.
Mr. Berlusconi still governs without a significant center-left opposition, and the center-right is still projected to win the next elections — with or without him.
By the time help arrives, they’re both dead.
“Is he willing to make the sacrifices necessary to make it happen?
“But the High Court one should be the one that binds everyone.
In Hollywood, he is a football player , but unlike any other who came before.
Judge Lenora Gerald adjourned the case until Oct. 19.
Senator Jeff Sessions of Alabama, the top Republican on the Senate Judiciary Committee, on Thursday called Ms. Kagan’s introduction “very troubling” and suggested it “might provide real insight into her approach to the law.” On Wednesday, Judge Robert Bork , whose own Supreme Court nomination in 1987 resulted in a Senate vote against confirmation, said Judge Barak “may be the worst judge on the planet, the most activist,” and argued that Ms. Kagan’s admiration for him is “disqualifying in and of itself.” Hogwash, say Ms. Kagan’s backers, noting that Judge Barak has also drawn praise from American conservatives, including Justice Antonin Scalia of the Supreme Court, who introduced Judge Barak at an award ceremony in 2007.
So maybe it is time for some straight talk.
The Warriors, who were awkwardly constructed anyway, have lost 449 player-games due to injury.
would make sure you received your money within its coverage limits.
(Schweitzer) 20100318 ★ ORCHESTRA OF THE AGE OF ENLIGHTENMENT (Thursday) During the Beethoven Then and Now series Iván Fischer will conduct Beethoven’s complete symphonies over four consecutive evenings with two ensembles: the period-instrument Orchestra of the Age of Enlightenment and the modern Budapest Festival Orchestra — offering listeners a chance to compare historic and contemporary performances.
But when that extra money runs out in June, New York and other states will “fall off a cliff,” Mr. Ravitch said, just as they are trying to claw out of deficits and recession.
McNeil Consumer Healthcare, the Johnson & Johnson unit, said that it was recalling four lots of certain Benadryl allergy tablets and one lot of Extra Strength Tylenol gel pills.
“Eventually, when I’m ready, I’ll quit.” There was a time, not so long ago, that no one lingered, cigarette in hand, between the MetLife buildings on East 24th Street.
That is typical for the outreach program, Mr. Schantz said.
“Aceh Green is the articulation of a vision that Pak Irwandi has had for a long time,” said Lilianne Fan, a former aid worker who is now serving as an adviser to the governor on Aceh Green, using an Indonesian courtesy title before the governor’s name.
through sex or drugs may take one easily tolerated pill, but the H.I.V.-baby generation often needs complex multipill doses with irritating side effects, making pill-skipping more likely.
But even in victory, the Mets still lost something.
22 Mountaineers (14-1, 2-0 Big East) won their 12th straight.
“The city does not have the capacity to sustain millions of people.
“I thought that if we put the park on the stage of the Hirschfeld for the characters, and an audience member is watching from her red velvet seat, it would create two different universes and destroy the spirit of community that is essential to ‘Hair,’ “ said its director, Diane Paulus, who ultimately opted for a mostly bare stage.
Plans by the British government to make significant cuts in defense spending have spurred concerns among American military experts about Britain ’s ability to carry out its role as the United States’ most dependable ally.
Open daily, 8:30 a.m. to 5 p.m., during U-pick seasons; check Web site for updates on crop status.
A leafy private “garden” is the background for the line of sheep — Mr. Lalanne’s most famous creation — as surreal seats.
“All of his life he’s been kind of a freak,” Steve Holcomb said.
“On Friday night, disaffected young people who didn’t belong to some specific left-wing group — a Communist group or a Democratic Party group — and who wanted to talk things out, would sit and meet and discuss ethical issues and dance and go to parties,” Mr. Millstone recalled.
SEATTLE SEAHAWKS Home: Arizona, San Francisco, St. Louis, Atlanta, Carolina, Kansas City, San Diego and Giants.
But it is the progressive physical deterioration of the two men that is most striking.
But first you have to help me trash this dressing room.’ And we threw everything everywhere.” This was one of the secrets to Mr. Azoff’s career: He didn’t just join the juvenile behavior of his acts.
Their fluency often draws admiring questions from other Indonesian parents Ms. Sugiarto encounters in this city’s upscale malls.
“No question the Big Ten has the academic reputation to go along with athletics,” he said.
Siepi is at ease in his new surroundings and his voice glorifies them.”
They were busy doing what needs doing.
Still, Mayfair is a bastion of tradition.
A second, fail-safe valve behind it was being kept closed by little more than friction.
Agus Purnomo, the head of Indonesia’s National Climate Change Council, said the group’s accusation that the government is planning to expand land clearing is merely “attention grabbing” based on fudged numbers.
E-mail works well on the 7-inch screen.
The orange plow truck barreled along the east side of the street first, pushing the snow onto the island in the middle of the road.
Mr. Obama called for enabling these potential Americans to “get right with the law,” and for fixing the system of legal immigration, which is too inefficient for the country’s own good.
SingTel’s share of the revenue has not been publicly disclosed, Ms. Chua said, but she added that the money would underpin the company’s business in Singapore.
Then divide by 2 and it becomes x + 5.
and issue its own diplomas.
The detainees’ relatives say they feel not only bereft but also abandoned.
The Nuggets played without the injured Carmelo Anthony for a third straight game, and were held to their lowest point total of the season.
career ended because of a knee injury.
He wrote that as he was putting together this deal.
It has more than 7,700 square feet of space and an additional 1,200 square feet of outdoor space.
Federal officials have decided not to provide endangered species protections to the American pika, a tiny mountain animal thought to be struggling because of climate change .
“We are sick and tired of being held hostage in our communities.” After the rally, Mr. Diaz, who organized the gathering, took to the street.
It lasted until Kerouac disappeared into an alcoholic haze and died in 1969, despite Ginsberg’s best efforts to save him.
The broader Standard & Poor’s 500-stock index was down 37.95 points, or 3.44 percent, to close at 1,064.88.
So gay Americans who risk their lives get endlessly oppressed because chest-beating straight guys in the Bush era continued deregulation and careened into endless combat missions — and not even in the country hosting Osama bin Laden ?
They also would have to disclose all campaign spending within 24 hours on their Web sites and notify their shareholders on a regular basis.
“Man devours record 50 hot dogs in 12 minutes to claim victory in eating contest,” the Associated Press headline screamed that year.
In the summer of 1968, he wrote a draft of a letter to Ted Kennedy, apparently never sent, in which he pleaded with Kennedy to stay true to the middle-class Irish his slain brother Robert seemed to have moved away from.
Time Inc., publisher of Sports Illustrated, and Apple wrangled for months over whether Time could provide its print subscribers with a mechanism to download magazine apps for the iPad without having to pay.
My mother would sometimes pitch in — a jigsaw ringer — but the men of the house steered clear.
; Left: She Prefers Handwritten Notes.
Diners enter this simple metal box in 2010, talking about the beating Goldman Sachs took in the markets on Friday.
It’s hard to get more establishment than that.
“And then they’ll be with us.” Then there was Rick Tubbs, a United Airlines pilot who had flown in from New York to meet Mr. Steele and is a candidate for a nearby Congressional district.
Some entrepreneurs who have been around a while offer pointers.
BEIJING -- Two land sales in Beijing have shattered price records and both buyers were state-owned companies, which has brought outrage and astonishment at the city's frothy property market.
''If you just have one unlucky week, you could get three tickets in one week.''
At the time, Ukraine was governed by the pro-Western leaders of the Orange Revolution of 2004.
And although she had two incomparably useful interview subjects, Erik Preminger (Gypsy’s only child) and the aged, white-pigtailed June Havoc (who died at 97 this year), Ms. Abbott recycles some of the same primal family struggles that the Broadway show “Gypsy” immortalized.
The past few nights in the park had been rough, he said.
“It cut across all demographics,” Ms. Denner said.
(It was, after all, Balanchine who said he hoped the future of ballet would look nothing like it did in his time.)
A government statement offered no details.
But it is hard to ignore those who blurt out something insensitive.
Monday’s decision applied those two decisions to life-without-parole sentences.
Though his life is now filled with celebrities and Hollywood meetings, Mr. Miranda remains a humble kid from the neighborhood.
But being a good farmer gave Helmer Pierson a successful farm to pass down to his son and being a good farmer gave Dean Pierson a life where you worked a 15-hour day and at the end of it handed someone a $100 bill for the privilege.
''It's much quieter here than the library,'' Clark Granum, 20, a junior engineering major and the team's star, said as others swung - Womp!
One might well call the food New American — it is inventive and inclusive enough.
Democrats also wrestled with the implications of losing their 60-vote majority for their wider legislative agenda, including efforts to tighten regulation of the financial system and combat global warming , even as they sensed new urgency to turn their attention to creating jobs and improving the economy.
The developing shift in thinking — described in recent interviews with Western diplomats and Pakistani security officials — represents a significant change for Pakistan’s military, which has moved against Taliban militants who attack the Pakistani state, but largely left those fighting in Afghanistan alone.
Ms. Riley is a cosmetic chemist whose part-Choctaw grandmother taught her about botanicals used by American Indians to beautify and heal the skin.
This is a more complete version of the story than the one that appeared in print.
The force of the blasts severed bodies and charred more than a dozen cars nearby.
“I am sure, as is often the case in scientific endeavor, that much of the successful recognition and isolation of this virus lay in perseverance, newness to the field, and failure to be bound by preconceived ideas that caused others in the laboratory to miss this new effect,” Dr. Peebles wrote in a Harvard alumni publication in 1967.
“For the first time we have teams from all over the country competing in a single season toward the playoffs,” Bell said.
As phones, e-mail messages and doorbells sounded a variety of ringtones, and as assistants darted in and out, Ms. Smith, an artist who works in a variety of mediums, appeared intensely focused as she talked about what has become one of her favorites, glass.
Mark Zandi, chief economist at Moody’s Economy.com , forecasts that the unemployment rate will reach 10.8 percent by October.
The disputed material includes the names of American intelligence officers who served with Colonel Shaffer and his accounts of clandestine operations, including N.S.A.
A lack of judicial experience would have disqualified such justices as Lewis F. Powell Jr., Hugo L. Black, Earl Warren, Justice Brandeis, Robert H. Jackson and Chief Justice William H. Rehnquist, who was first named to the court at age 47.
Songs can be downloaded at up to 320 kilobits per second.
Mr. Bergstein did not respond to a query on Friday.
Researchers call such a hypothetical integrated system an “artificial pancreas” because it would mimic the way a healthy pancreas works, sensing glucose and dispensing insulin in the right dose at the right time.
“I was dateless, and my chances of finding a date at the party were higher than finding one in my dorm at 10:30 at night,” he said.
So while Americans are used to thinking of themselves as having the world’s largest market in many industries, China’s market for power equipment dwarfs that of the United States, even though the American market is more mature.
Indeed, in small towns nationwide, hair is getting bolder.
In his devastatingly persuasive 17-page letter to the S.E.C., Mr. Markopolos saw two possible scenarios.
Howard Davies, the director of “The White Guard,” has made a specialty of late of the Russian repertoire, and this latest production completes a hat trick begun by “Philistines” and “Burnt by the Sun,” in this same auditorium.
“Part of the strategy is to build up the sports credentials of Powerade,” he said, which is where the FIFA relationship comes in.
A ripping yarn PHOTO (PHOTOGRAPH BY JAMES DAY) DRAWING (DRAWING BY DONNA WILSON)
His right-wing backers are understandably upset by his defection.
“And this is our third rug,” Mr. Ji said, pointing to the tobacco-colored Tibetan rug from Dolma on Lafayette Street that was carted home by subway and taxi.
The accident provides further evidence that despite advances in technology, oil drilling poses big environmental and human risks.
Abuse started when he was 10, according to a retired priest, the Rev.
2 is it’s a true partnership with the City of Chicago to help transform an area of the city.” Daniel McCaffery, the president of McCaffery Interests, said the project “boggles the mind.
Coury says he has an internship this summer at Goldman Sachs.
Every time he starts or finishes a project, he gets an animist priest to come in and sacrifice a pig.
But this could ultimately present new marketing opportunities for him and golf.
Why then didn’t a rules official tell Johnson it was a hazard?
Dr. Carpati said doctors had been told the hospital would be closing on April 30.
The sad answer to that question, however, is: someone like Jimi Hendrix, whose genius, artistic miscegenation, willingness to shatter boundaries and personal confusion ultimately left him a vulnerable, isolated figure amid innumerable sycophants and fans.
In 1998 he was named president of Paulist Press and served in that post until his final illness.
“I wanted to mirror that.
His mother competed in track and field for the university in the 1980s.
Journalists, like all people, have opinions.
“After all the long experience you have had in this group, you more or less know what are the points of discussion, the points of decision,” Domenicali said.
“We thought, ‘Why don’t we use a bit of ingenuity to find an affordable way to represent them?’ ” said Peter Ticktin of the Ticktin Law Group in Deerfield Beach, Fla. “It’s a new model, a new paradigm.” Foreclosure defense is a new legal specialty whose strategies and techniques are still being worked out.
He took in $55,900 from the political arm of Local 6 of the Hotel Employees and Restaurant Employees International Union and $55,900 from the political action committee of the New York State Association of Realtors.
(Deeper cuts are also a possibility.)
In that case, a mostly white group of 20 plaintiffs contended that the city had been wrong in refusing to certify the 2003 promotional exam after it became concerned that minorities were underrepresented at the top of the list.
Returns are often uncorrelated with conventional market benchmarks, they say, and that can help reduce portfolio volatility and, therefore, risk.
Foremost is the do-it-yourself ethic.
Some, especially but not only Bosnian Muslims, have complained that the resolution was worthless because it talks only of a “crime” and a “tragedy,” not a “genocide.” Others say Serbia’s government pushed this resolution through merely to curry favor with the European Union, which it desperately wants to join.
super-killer who, pulled back into action, spends much of her screen time racking up a body count.
Unfortunately, these laws are too rarely used.
Jeantil Laguerre, 39, echoed many voters who said they were most concerned about corruption.
The Microskin system, with training, starts at $670 for sponge application and rises to $2,250 for airbrush application.
Federal prosecutors have charged 1,215 people in hundreds of mortgage fraud cases that resulted in estimated losses of $2.3 billion, administration officials said on Thursday, unveiling a crackdown after the housing market collapse.
The cable news venture, initially on a shoestring, took off, and the unlikely pair got along well.
A year ago, Serena Williams had a meltdown when she was penalized on match point in the semifinals for threatening a lineswoman.
“The real demons here are in Albany right now, led by Andrew Cuomo,” Mr. Paladino added.
You can get a good workout on a trainer, he said, but “I think it would be a stretch, though, to say indoor training would ever supplant training on the road.” Even in Boulder, Colo., where Mr. Coppolillo lives, he and his friends train outside 95 percent of the time.
But the I.M.F wants further measures, including tougher regulation of the financial and banking sector and addressing the unprofitable public transport system.
(He carries these preferences into his private life.
Mr. Isaacson declined to comment.
And who pays most of the costs of this welfare?
Profit at Oracle , which makes business software, fell 10.5 percent in the latest quarter as the company absorbed Sun Microsystems and its heavy expenses for building and supporting computer servers.
Diplomatic analysts have said Beijing appeared to be taking a tough stand toward Tokyo to appease domestic public opinion within China, where the standoff incited nationalistic protests.
Andrew Dowler, a spokesman for Terra Firma, declined to comment.
The equivocation, denial and dissembling in the hospital’s letter to patients who may have received elevated radiation levels are accepted risk management tactics.
Even when they arrived, there were long waiting lists and not enough status reports.
The new legislation delays and reduces the tax, slashing expected revenues to $32 billion.
In between was an unheralded stretch of the invisible, zigzagging, occasionally awkward and often-disputed 21-mile border demarcating the only two of New York City's five boroughs that are connected to each other by land.
And that sophistication, lightly worn, has schooled viewers over two decades.
Its promoters are calling it Pop-Tarts World.
Adding up all the life-sciences incentives that Florida doled out, the total far exceeded a billion dollars.
Businesses in downtown Oakland are also preparing.
MONTROSE Hendrick Hudson Free Library “Camera Work,” by Stephen Schnur.
The death of the attacker also raised legal questions about the accountability of private teams, a United Nations official said.
(Actually, I briefly knocked myself out leaping into a low ceiling beam.)
After you take the free shuttle to Main Street, where there are more than 100 restaurants and bars, boutiques, spas and galleries, your skiing friends can take the resort's Town Lift or ski directly from the slopes on runs that lead into town.
Free Wheelin’ Tours (84-4-3926-2743; freewheelin-tours.com ), a small company that specializes in sustainable tourism coupled with local development projects, offers an eight-day custom motorbike tour of the northern highlands, including Ha Giang, for $960.
By enabling 14- to 24-year-olds to experience different jobs within their communities, it seeks to boost their self-esteem and to nurture their social skills by introducing them to people of different ages and different backgrounds.
For Kinect’s eyes, Microsoft turned to PrimeSense , based in Tel Aviv.
Under the digital system, readings will be made hourly, a hundredfold increase in the data generated.
The only problem: How do you protect these delicate devices in the sand and surf?
“The first thing was they made you choose a date to quit,” he recalled.
So these libraries are really important.” Mr. Martin, 65, has distanced himself from his days as a wacky stand-up comedian but remains a comic actor who is also a regularly touring banjo player, children’s book author, essayist and novelist.
stars visit Cape Town, and remembers the excitement they generated.
“We’re slowly moving from a policy-driven recovery to a self-sustaining recovery,” the organization’s chief economist, Pier Carlo Padoan, said in an interview.
No one expected this pop-up to last, least of all the designers who transformed the original space in a breakneck three-week stretch and managed it with gusto for the rest of the spring and summer.
In lieu of flowers, kindly honor Ben's memory by sending donations to the Tamiment Library at New York University.
The letters that make up “Dear Mrs. Kennedy” constitute an entirely irony-free zone.
Oakland, Calif., has approved a program but has not yet started issuing cards.
Ms. Scott didn’t take the news with poise.
In addition, when industry or consumer groups meet with members of the commission’s staff to discuss rule proposals, the meeting’s agenda will be publicly released, she said.
The cast — Angela Gheorghiu as the courtesan Violetta; James Valenti as her smitten lover, Alfredo; and Thomas Hampson as Alfredo’s meddlesome father, Germont — seemed elated to have someone in the pit with demonstrable sensitivity for the Verdi style.
But the syrupy paeans to human love are most trying.
In mid-2006, he received another replacement.
Ms. Dixon also put in place changes that increased recycling by 53 percent and saved the city $7 million annually.
His toe-poke across the goalmouth was deflected into the net by Dallas’s George John in the 108th minute.
There is a $304 tab at Le Cirque in Manhattan.
The police made 30 arrests, and 5 more were made by members of the paramilitary Frontier Corps, according to a senior official in the North-West Frontier Province.
Sloan is also the defending world champion in the all-around.
The transfer of technology can be interesting, but designs by nonmarine designers are often not adapted for navigation.” Mr. Beckett said: “Nonmarine designers can come up with a new type of window or balcony on a yacht.
According to Mr. Griggs, some prospective crew members on his new documentary, “I Want Your Money,” which takes aim at President Obama’s economic policies, said they would accept jobs on the condition that their names be left off the credits.
Once a thriving hot spring resort, Misasa attracted almost 600,000 tourists a year in Japan’s bubble era, drawn by attractions including a spa-themed amusement park.
Russia has fared poorly in the financial crisis, and polls show that people are worried about unemployment and their ability to make ends meet.
I like the scene in which you describe a 27-year-old Michelle sitting on your father’s lap, “and all he would do was laugh like crazy, trapped underneath her.” She was always going to be his little girl.
What complicated the assignment was Mr. Metheny’s high standard for dynamics.
She reached in to hug me and I hugged her back.
The Los Angeles controller has warned that the city will not be able to make payroll next month if it does not dip into its reserve fund.
Being transfixed is a cousin to being paralyzed.
WITH: Michael Nyqvist (Mikael Blomkvist), Noomi Rapace (Lisbeth Salander), Lena Endre (Erika Berger) and Sven-Bertil Taube (Henrik Vanger).
It is time for this administration, which graded schools and teachers based on inaccurate and misleading numbers, to cease blaming teachers and principals and join with them in struggling to meet our students’ needs.
The various app markets brim with software to help people like me.
“ ‘SpongeBob’ and four of our other programs all rank higher than that show this year.” Disney executives say they have tried to take a slow-and-steady approach when it comes to turning the series, which began in 2007, into a franchise.
She offers up a number of fascinating stories, including Hitler’s attempts to ensure a steady supply of sugar through the worst horrors of the war.
Bill Burton, a White House spokesman, told reporters on Tuesday that “there’s a wide range of issues besides just the $50 billion fund,” but stopped short of saying it would be dropped.
So it was curious to hear Michelle Mismas, who writes the nail-focused blog alllacqueredup.com , describe the indestructibility of a recent manicure.
The cocktail was no longer a fashion accessory, as it was in the ’90s.
The Food and Drug Administration issued a brief statement: “The public health issues surrounding electronic cigarettes are of serious concern to the F.D.A.
2, with a little more than $18.5 million, and the Overture thriller “Crazies” was No.
playoffs, that is a little different than playing a gold medal game at the Olympics, he said.
An hour later, Mr. Jan said, he picked up his son-in-law’s body and was shocked to find that it was wrapped in a black plastic bag.
“We were losing kids to New Hampshire,” he said this week.
Roofs were blown from buildings.
One in four women asked by the magazine said she owned 10 pairs or more.
Southwest does not charge for checked bags and has even built a marketing campaign around its no-fee policy.
In his short life, Ousmane Coulibaly, a 19-year-old high school senior in Manhattan, has seen plenty of adversity.
Remarkably, Eileen never wavered from this approach, even as Ford evolved from a husband-and-wife enterprise into a multimillion-dollar business with offices around the world.
Normally tubs are very thick and you lose a lot of interior space, but this material is so thin that the tub is still big inside.
But what mesmerized him was John Stephen Akhwari of Tanzania, who arrived at the stadium long after the early finishers , limping around the track, his bloodied right leg bandaged because of a fall.
Or at least Mr. Nixon thought they said “welcome,” but then he was told that they actually said “What about the Hughes loan?” (referring to an explosive issue in that campaign, an old loan from Howard Hughes to Mr. Nixon’s brother).
Someone on your list is sure to treasure Robert B. Parker’s last novel, SPLIT IMAGE (Putnam, $25.95).
It has seeds, sure, but it lacks some of the personality of the older varieties.
But the Saints will get back a slew of injured players, including Darren Sharper, right.
“You’ve turned spectators into deputized producers of content,” he said.
For the sake of argument, let’s say that the Senate refuses to take the most obvious steps to help the economy.
Instead, it obtained financing through capital increases in the financial markets.
But when researchers concoct a recording in which an inferior’s threat grunt precedes a superior’s scream, baboons will look in amazement toward the loudspeaker broadcasting this apparent revolution in their social order.
A year after they were left off a list of Balkans nations granted easier access to most of western Europe, Albania and Bosnia and Herzegovina won the concession Thursday and were praised for upgrading the security of their passports and tightening borders.
... Sean Baptiste scored 21 points as Fairleigh Dickinson won, 56-55, at St. Francis of Brooklyn.
These are excerpts from their conversation.
Sunday is often the day when the Wexlers spend downtime with their two daughters and their grandson.
A woman served as a surrogate for her brother and his male spouse, giving birth to twins conceived with the spouse’s sperm and donor eggs.
Other cognitive biases — risk aversion, irrational overconfidence, personal or group exceptionalism — also mitigate against taking painful steps.
— BOB KERREY, former Democratic senator from Nebraska and president of the New School  Middle Man THE most important thing President Obama can do, as Bill Clinton did during his first term, is retake ownership of the center — the voters who elected him but now feel he has moved too far to the left.
And aside from the top two slots, it differs significantly from Billboard’s comparable chart, the Hot 100.
But the program also included the break dancers of Super Cr3w and the “Electricity” solo from “Billy Elliot the Musical.” The first lady was first to her feet after this, leading a standing ovation for young Dayton Tavares, who shares the show’s title role on Broadway.
A real conversation piece is Go Smile's battery-powered whitening device, a squat plastic gizmo with a crown-shaped top.
Lee was the bedrock of our family.
Also, the state’s cultural diversity clearly makes it hard to get the message out and understood.
Moreover, market jitters may be subsiding.
But the recent trend of limiting pitch counts to preserve arms makes Jackson's 149-pitch performance stand out.
In light of last week’s Illinois primary, it’s also a reminder of our tenuous appreciation of same.
A. Michael Miscione, the Manhattan borough historian, tracked it down.
“This is the first action movie my parents would stand in line to buy a ticket for, even if I hadn’t written it,” Jon Hoeber said.
“The evidence is quite compelling,” he added, saying he was trying to separate his personal feeling from his duties as secretary general.
In early February, the company made an accelerated delivery of one of the two doses Dr. Schubert had been allocated for the first quarter of the year, she said.
“I got information that when the incident happened, some people thought the bridge was falling,” he said.
He dabbles in nonfiction as well.
That is what I am doing this Sunday morning.
The European flotilla also conducts antipiracy patrols in the gulf and the waters off Somalia .
This is what Russia’s National Security Council Secretary, General Nikolay Patrushev recently announced.
And beginning on Monday, Bloomberg Markets will be the subject of a trade campaign — aimed at decision-makers at media agencies — that celebrates its readers as the “global financial elite.” The campaign, with a budget estimated at more than $500,000, is being created by the New York office of JWT, part of WPP.
We’ve been invaded many times before, but never owned.” The anger in the streets, and concern about the harshness of the austerity plan, has left open the possibility that a new government expected after elections early next year will seek a revision of the bailout.
Other items, like the Bikini Ç24 — a crustless grilled ham-and-cheese sandwich ennobled with a bit of black truffle — arrive looking deceptively delicate but deliver an earthy and satisfying explosion of flavor.
agent that said, “Just be confident that the person you hear [or hear about] on radio is not real life.”
I caught my breath — for once not because of turbulence.
AMP would take over the business’s Australian and New Zealand operations, a move that would substantially beef up its operations there.
“I think it’s the toughest Haskell I’ve seen in all these years,” said Lookin at Lucky’s trainer, Bob Baffert, who has won this race three times.
“Now I have them,” he said with an impish grin.
Although he said construction would not begin until the Council signed off and his permit was granted, Pacific Gas and Electric recently increased the power supply to one of his buildings by about 2,000 amps.
Their son Lawrence oversees the 50 acres of vines; his brother Peter is the winemaker; their sister, Domenica Penny, manages the tasting room.
Albert Einstein was among those who supported her.
The bride’s father works in Goshen, N.Y., where he is a social worker with Mental Hygiene Legal Service, a part of the Appellate Division of the New York State Unified Court System.
said growers planned to plant 53.8 million acres of wheat, the smallest since 1970, and 10.5 million acres of cotton, up 15 percent from last year when plantings fell to a 25-year low.
These cages typically have a metal grid structure built into the walls, so no electromagnetic or cellphone transmissions can come in or out.
to boost consumer spending I wonder what that means for me.
Brown, a leader in finding new uses for hate crime laws, prosecutors in other jurisdictions say.
“We don’t want to be a frontier country like in the Cold War,” he told me.
THE NOHO STAR 330 Lafayette Street, at Bleecker Street, East Village; (212) 925-0070, nohostar.com .
There’s a certain enjoyment in watching a man view his own life with wry detachment, as if it weren’t his life at all but a random existence he’s chosen to peer at, a choose-your-own-adventure tale bereft of consequences.
It depends partly on how his competitors respond.” One rival, Daily Mail & General Trust, said last week that it was unlikely to put up a pay wall at its flagship newspaper, The Daily Mail.
Fine but precise distinctions between social strata are being blurred, if not obliterated, by the rising tide of economic distress.
The only thing that’s keeping us from sliding into a second Great Depression is deficit spending.
As a senior astronomer at the university in San Diego, he was, to the consternation of most of his colleagues, a witty and acerbic critic of the Big Bang theory.
She combed shops for months in search of the striped linen trousers that evoked Mr. Lennon because, she said, “something in those pants spoke to me of myself.” She likes to knot her white shirts at the waist in homage to Ava Gardner.
All the elements are in place for a tale of powerful social and historical forces, and of the people whose lives they affected.
When Evangeline’s grandmother gets involved and the Nephilim army starts to swarm, the confrontations build to Miltonic proportions.
He followed that by winning 15 games in 2007 with a respectable 3.91 E.R.A.
To the Editor: Re “ New Jersey Schools Brace for Next Cuts Under Christie ” (news article, March 15): There is a simple step that school boards could take to help address the fiscal pressures facing elementary and secondary education in New Jersey.
Having a name for a species is the first step in making certain it can be conserved.
In his class-action suit representing shareholders, and in an interview, he maintained that the government had set up a sting to catch the criminals who were doing the naked shorting.
Economists surveyed by Bloomberg News expect the growth rate, measured by gross domestic product, to reach 4.6 percent — more than double the rate in the third quarter.
Each of their Web sites had information that explained the application process, including required documents like high school transcripts and letters of recommendation.
Dagmar Frias never really got the hang of her asthma medications.
Alongside the longstanding demand for a complete freeze in settlement building, including in East Jerusalem, which the Israelis have refused, Mr. Erekat said talks should start from the point at which the last direct negotiations, between the Palestinians and the previous, centrist Israeli government, left off in December 2008.
“The people vote for who’s gonna make the area grow,” he explains.
“It just happens that most the artists I know live in the banlieues, because Parisian rents are too expensive,” said Mr. Cazin, 34.
No one is accepting these studies as the last word, and there is no evidence that the White House is being dishonest.
For the first time I felt he was speaking to me unequivocally as Judah’s father, and that we were joined in our love of our amazing son.
Republicans are urging suburban independents to ignore their candidate for governor, Carl P. Paladino, and get behind their Congressional and State Senate candidates.
Are you just into stoner music?
She is the founder and chief executive of Proteus International in Highland, N.Y.
But after hours of fruitless negotiation, the organizers of the modern evacuation venture were defeated by an adversary that prevailed where Hitler’s battalions and dive bombers failed.
While these fanciful photos from the newspaper’s archive depict a wondrous future of backseat TV, it never caught on.
When Mr. Geithner held a meeting last month with leaders of labor, civil rights and consumer groups to discuss overhauling financial regulation , he found the conversation steering to the Fed, according to several participants.
Paul Senseman, who has known Ms.
I have personally experienced the brake loss/sudden acceleration sensation at least five times while driving my new Prius over rough pavement and potholes.
In the Gulf Coast, he discovered unimaginable devastation - and came upon four abandoned beagle puppies.
Many Africans view homosexuality as an immoral Western import, and the continent is full of harsh homophobic laws.
The discovery of this cemetery some two centuries after it was last used provided just such a foundation, disclosing not just a few beads, pins and buttons, but offering the first large-scale traces of black American experience in this region.
We are a very different society now — more individualistic and less willing to listen to exhortations.” For Mr. Osborne, 39 — the youngest British chancellor since 1886 — it was a defining moment which he has been assiduously preparing for since 2008.
with a .248 batting average and 13th in runs scored, ahead of only the Pirates, the Nationals and the Astros.
Two slaughterhouses recently closed, one destroyed by a fire and the other shuttered because of animal cruelty charges.
Monday night would surely be quieter.
“I view that quality of empathy, of understanding and identifying with people’s hopes and struggles, as an essential ingredient for arriving at just decisions and outcomes,” Mr. Obama said.
In Europe, the FTSE 100 index in London settled 0.17 percent lower, while the DAX in Frankfurt fell 0.69 percent.
Even when it was all in bits and pieces, even then people went ‘ewww.’ So it worked, even then.
EAST HAMPTON Guild Hall The Naked Stage presents “Extremities,” a dramatic reading by William Mastrosimone.
Walter M. Haney , a professor of education research and measurement at Boston College , said that because the company’s methods for analyzing data had not been published in scholarly literature, they were suspect.
There are a lot of other avenues.” Andrew C. McCarthy, who was the lead prosecutor in the Southern District of New York in the case of Omar Abdel Rahman in the 1990s, said the tensions between prosecutors and agents were palpable in those days.
When Massachusetts Mutual ended its sponsorship, the Open approached Esurance, which signed on after being promised that it would be one of the six companies with courtside signs at Arthur Ashe Stadium.
The group’s legal front is an auto-body shop, but the growth in its portfolio can be attributed mostly to work in gun trafficking, the inventory funneled in by the Irish mob via the Russians.
Ronald F. Poe, Chairman, Board of Trustees Karl P. Adler, M.D., President and CEO Ralph A. O'Connell, M.D., Provost and Dean, School of Medicine
Assets in index funds totaled $1.7 trillion at the end of last year, triple the amount at the end of 2000.
But this year, he showed signs that he was peaking, winning a World Cup in January.
(Friday through Sunday, and Thursday) The three performance spaces of this vibrant theatrical and dance center will be crowded with more than 75 performers and 20 premieres in this annual dance festival, which is honoring the 90th birthday of Ellen Stewart, La MaMa’s founder.
They did not dominate, or decimate, or elicit fear across the league.
To understand why, first consider some background about the way these patterns work.
She noted that blowout scenarios were rare and needed to be handled on a case-by-case basis.
“For many,” he said, “it’s about getting stuffed cabbage and chicken soup like their bubbie made.” The Crown now delivers groceries to Norwich and New London, and on any given day, customers from Connecticut and Massachusetts can be found stocking up on kosher meat; prepared deli foods; and bakery items that are dairy or parve.
May 2 at 2 p.m. Free.
Some require a transfer in South Norwalk.
John Spelich, a spokesman for Alibaba, said executives at the company were angry because Yahoo, which owns 40 percent of the Chinese Internet company, appeared to follow Google in suggesting the Chinese government was behind the cyberattacks.
Before a discussion of Bay bubbles to the surface, fans want to know about Jose Reyes’s thyroid, the buzz surrounding Jenrry Mejia and Ike Davis, the uncertainty about the pitching staff, David Wright’s muscles, K-Rod’s pink eyes and even Kelvim Escobar’s shoulder.
Soldiers with automatic weapons gathered at the Bishkek airport early Saturday morning awaiting transport to Osh, some downing a few vodka shots before they set off.
These are some of the things that McPhee does in his latest collection, “Silk Parachute,” most of which previously appeared in The New Yorker .
New York should take lasting advantage of both benefits by making the law permanent.
“This is a law-abiding country — the process is transparent and there are systems for everything.” Mr. Celvin said that, if the couple was going to continue to invest in Cape Town property, they would look at areas like Maitland and Pinelands, where the emerging middle class of black and mixed-race residents is buying.
Todd Haimes, the Roundabout’s artistic director, said in a statement that there was no way “to maintain the production schedule” after Ms. Mullally quit so close to the start of preview performances on April 9.
They demand deep and radical change right now.
Until last month, Mr. Coatney was a senior editor at Newsweek, where as a side project he headed up the magazine’s social efforts on Twitter and Facebook.
“You will never be at home here and you will never be at home in Afghanistan.” It was not until the film came out that he realized how right his grandfather was.
This much is clear about Tim’s condition: It is conducive to authorial overkill.
One option, according to Jay Gardner , the group’s community development director, is to fix it up for a private owner; another is to create a museum devoted to Hughes and his work.
He was riveting, but in the slyest possible way.
We get plenty of offers.
Making a decision that is likely to please Democrats with an explanation tailored to Republicans, Gov.
He said he was innocent and called the accusations a slander campaign orchestrated by “Jews and Judeo-Communists.” In 1997, Father Jankowski was barred from giving sermons for one year by Roman Catholic authorities following repeated anti-Semitic remarks.
Were you ever tempted, but thought better of it?
Derek Lam Jacket (Underneath), $1,990, And Belt.
Just up the street from Trinity College and its Book of Kells are a pair of bridges over the Liffey that were named for two of Ireland’s best-known playwrights, Beckett and Sean O’Casey.
The ancient Egyptians, of course, thought otherwise.
He said Chinese officials had complained that American actions had violated the terms of communiqués and a joint statement that the two nations issued when Mr. Obama visited Beijing last November.
Proceeds this year will benefit the Food Bank for Westchester .
Mr. Wainwright’s heavily chromatic music lacks the harmonic refinement and dynamic subtlety of his French role models, but his theatrical presentation strove to make up the difference.
As a chamber musician, he performed frequently with the violinist Jascha Heifetz and the cellist Gregor Piatigorsky .
Mr. Morgenthaler does, while Tom Chadwick of Dram does not.)
Because of its considerable profits and size, it does not buy outside insurance for such disasters.
A schoolmate of Prokhorov’s recalled a day when they were in 10th grade and “Misha,” as he called him, pulled him under a desk to show him a can of some exotic stuff called iced tea — what a bizarre idea!
The Bengali encyclopedia is a small project with about 20,000 articles and a core of 15 to 20 contributors, one of the site’s administrators, Belayet Hossain, said afterward.
“This is what our founding fathers did.” An escalation of civilian border watches has taken root in Arizona in recent years.
Ms. Zuber’s costume designs for “Le Grand Macabre” quote Bosch liberally.
Nepomniachtchi then sewed up the title by beating Vladimir Akopian of Armenia in the last round.
Some, notably Representative Bart Stupak , the Michigan Democrat for whom the amendment is named, will almost certainly switch their yes votes to no because the new version being pushed by Mr. Obama would strip out the House bill’s abortion restrictions in favor of Senate language that many of them consider unacceptable.
The proposal has generated debate because some critics see it as infringing on the rights of individuals.
Still, the first two episodes of “The Real L Word” show little that couldn’t be shown on MTV.
“The collapse of the economy caused the bank failure, not his activity,” Mr. Garland said.
He met Robert Lawrence, and the two broadcasters teamed up and started Seven Hills Communications, which later became Republic Broadcasting.
“They may be a black sheep or the outlier at home,” she said, and the international assignment fills a professional void in their lives.
In addition, White House officials said the military was looking into sending the Southern Command’s hospital ship, the Comfort , in light of reports that most of Haiti’s medical facilities were severely damaged if not destroyed.
And that means it is a perfect time to start complaining about how bad the summer movies are — even the ones that haven’t been released yet.
But it pegs Mrs. Giuliani — whose spokeswoman professed no awareness of the meal or meeting — as an aptly cynical analyst of today’s political culture, in which the loyalty of aides should never, ever be taken for granted.
Every other creature gets slower as it gets bigger.
Dubai World’s liabilities of $24.9 billion have risen from the $23.5 billion announced in May and include accrued interest and additional contingent claims, the government said.
Documents filed in Federal District Court said the man, Frederick J. Nickerson, told security staff members on Saturday that he needed to see Secretary Kathleen Sebelius and showed them Secret Service credentials and a badge.
J. D. Power grades automakers on the number of problems per 100 vehicles, and this year, domestic brand vehicles had one problem fewer per 100 vehicles than imports.
Company officials visited the state capitals of Richmond, Va., and Annapolis, Md., this month to discuss those states’ respective bids.
And rooters for Team Israel or autodidacts about immigration reform dream just as vividly about getting their hands on a big megaphone.
He said he expected to drive for at least five more years.
“We still believe, based on 80 years of selling and servicing Chrysler and Jeep products, that we’re a good fit for the company, and hopefully we’ll get to show them that.” Ms. Zimmer said her store, which still sells used cars, was Chrysler’s only presence on a busy row of dealers near the Cincinnati-Northern Kentucky International Airport.
has been criticized for its failure to detect the stunning long-running fraud by the money manager Bernard L. Madoff despite many red flags and credible warnings.
Tucked between a Vietnamese restaurant and the Healthy Pharmacy, it has a blue marquee in English and Chinese.
It is nicely laid out and easy on the eye, with magazine-quality photos throughout.
The Nationals broke out of their offensive doldrums with 16 hits.
By 1962, when he began taking pictures professionally, bruising political developments had been unrolled.
Romano argues that, as in capital cases, his clients deserve to ask for lesser sentences based on “mitigating evidence” — often of child abuse, mental illness or mental retardation .
Mr. El-Hanafi also directed CC-1 to perform tasks for the terrorist group, it added.
“Mardy’s was one of the greatest efforts in Davis Cup history — forget my 10 years as captain.
When we are forced to rely on others, there’s nothing to say.” The team’s fate is out of its hands.
Putting health questions aside, here, then, are a few great moments in junk-food history: 1896 Two street vendor brothers — Frederick and Louis Rueckheim — sold a popcorn, molasses and peanuts confection at the Chicago World’s Fair in 1893.
Fred was a wonderful trout and salmon fly fisherman, a lover of nature and beautiful green places, and a very talented artist.
That strategy came under fire last year when some of the nation’s largest institutions found that their portfolios were too illiquid to meet their schools’ cash requirements and they were pressed to sell assets at depressed prices.
Small, narrow de arbol chiles are available from plenty of online sources.
“We are still being shunted around by Hungarian officials,” Mr. de Csepel said.
Built like a major league baseball pitcher, Johnson is a big-time hitter.
But he made clear that Democrats did not see a clear path forward.
“I guess you’d call it the gentrification of Williamsburg,” Mr. Winick said.
A little airspace masks the rolls and curves of good living.
''I try to approach silhouette differently,'' he says.
He served during WWII in the U.S. Air Force and later in the Merchant Marine.
Mr. Ratmansky used a gorgeously melodic score by Édouard Lalo from 1881 and created a piece that makes fond reference to the sometimes convoluted plots and settings of 19th-century ballets, with delicious humor and deliriously exuberant dancing.
It was only when a viewer stood away from the paintings that a mouth, or an elegantly shod foot splashing through silvery liquid came into focus.
— LOUIS BEGLEY, retired lawyer and author, most recently, of “Why the Dreyfus Affair Matters”
IRT: DEADLIEST ROADS The echo of “Deadliest Catch” in the title of this “Ice Road Truckers” spin-off is allowed, since all three shows are made by Original Productions, the kings of high-risk reality television.
Using an econometric technique, they were then able to test which of the theories frequently bandied about were supported by evidence and which were not.
It may also decline before there is proof that the new populist fervor will cause serious damage.
So Alm decided to try something different.
“I sometimes compare it to three people in a leaky boat,” Mr. Heyward said.
Ellen’s friend Judy ( Deirdre O’Connell ), a grumpy international aid worker, may be the person who sees her most clearly.
“We always knew when we got back to our home layer,” Johnston said.
Too many people eagerly run out and buy all the equipment needed for a sport or hobby, as if that alone will ensure they will devote themselves to it.
“Having a financially successful show that earns money that you can invest in even more ambitious work.”
The soda tax is supported by most health professionals across the state.
Among those they lobbied to resist the S.E.C.’s purview included Representative Barney Frank, the Financial Services Committee chairman; Senator Christopher J. Dodd, the banking committee chairman; Senator Barbara Boxer of California; and Mr. Schumer.
The political criticism could make it harder for the Fed to continue acting if the economy remains weak and inflation keeps falling after QE2 is completed.
But SoulCycle also now has muscular competition in the form of Flywheel Sports — founded in February by Ruth Zukerman, one of SoulCycle’s original three founders and onetime star instructor, with Tiki Barber, a former professional football player who used to take her class with his wife (Mr. Barber’s affiliation with Flywheel has since ended after news of an extramarital affair surfaced).
They led to fewer aces and service winners, fewer stab returns and more points that were fun to watch.
; PALMY: Above, the NADA party at Canyon Ranch.
Crosby was so superstitious about hexing his Pirates that he and Kathryn listened to the game with their friends Charles and Nonie de Limur in Paris .
Luongo then stopped a shot by Jonathan Toews from the left circle, and also denied Patrick Sharp with Tomas Kopecky trying to screen him.
The loss of print jobs is only one aspect of a dire overall picture.
“Egyptians are looking for a savior to pull them out of their misery,” Mr. Kassem said.
He is looking forward to Games 3 and 4 in Montreal, because he grew up two hours away, near Quebec City, and knows how excited that city becomes when the Canadiens make a push for the Stanley Cup.
Then he gets a 10:30 p.m. Amtrak train to Penn Station and a cab to La Guardia.
He has been linked to a series of bloody bombings in the last year, including one of a luxury train to St. Petersburg in November that killed 26 people.
It’s the @ symbol on the computer keyboard, which is an essential component of every e-mail address.
The Cleveland Plain Dealer’s Dennis Manoloff writes that this could only happen in star-crossed Cleveland.
But they tried to play that down by saying that it was in its less exclusive neighbor, Mount Kisco.
Rose started despite a sprained right wrist and bruised right elbow, sustained when he fell hard in the fourth quarter of Monday’s victory over Indiana.
On Deng’s list, the most desired trait in a partner, repeated on almost every entry, is not money, looks, character or education; it is simply “no burdens.” Those saddled with the heaviest burdens — especially middle-aged women with children — move slowly off the list, while the young and the elderly tend to have more luck.
“That is a pretty potent combination,” said Senator Bob Casey, Democrat of Pennsylvania.
Maybe his accomplishments will seem that much more astounding when viewed in retrospect.
When she landed at Los Angeles International Airport the day after the Vancouver closing ceremony in February, crowds of travelers waiting at the gates rose to applaud Vonn as she walked past.
Though Facebook allows users to limit their friends or create private groups, Facebook abstainers “simply don’t feel like they have a private enough place to share,” Mr. Morin said.
It’s not just that the restaurant’s chef and owner is sitting in the middle of the room eating dinner alongside his customers.
“We drink a lot of water and reflect on our lives — I personally like to talk to my plants.” Then it’s out and about again.
CAPITALS 3, HURRICANES 2 Alex Ovechkin had a goal to end an eight-game drought and added an assist for Washington against host Carolina.
This puts him somewhat at odds with Meredith (Mr. McShane), a suave gay man with a satiny voice and more nuanced views on matters of love and sex.
The remaining six digits had been assigned through methods the government didn’t disclose, although they were related to when the person applied for the number.
In 1936, Mr. Ringling willed the property, including his home, Cà d’Zan, to the state and left $1.2 million to support the museum.
His doctor sees no health risk.
As of late afternoon on the sale’s second day, it had brought in $11.2 million so far.
Satch laughs when people ask how Jared can be as comfortable driving to the hoop with his left hand as with his right.
To the Editor: Re “The Circle Of Mel” by Neil Genzlinger [Jan. 24]: Mr. Genzlinger’s claim that “Mel Gibson has always been about fighting injustice” conveniently overlooks Mr. Gibson’s romantic roles in “The Year of Living Dangerously” and “What Women Want.” And even if his claim were accurate, it’s troubling of Mr. Genzlinger to suggest — even in jest — that the stereotypical role of fighting injustice might be considered a counterbalance of sorts for Mr. Gibson’s anti-Semitism.
“But we hope our crackdown will scare away shoe snatchers for a while,” Detective Kim said.
ETextbooks Are you the type of student who is completely at ease reading on your computer or iPad and won't be tempted to print anything out?
“We are essentially building a community here,” Mr. McMillan said.
Judge Hellerstein told lawyers to prepare an annotated narrative of the events of Sept. 11 but directed them not to explore the “root causes” of the attacks or dwell on the personalities or motives of the hijackers.
Dr. Lovaas was the first researcher to suggest that for at least some children, autism is treatable.
That night, after the team arrived in Boston, Bucky Dent was riding the hotel elevator when Steinbrenner walked in.
Now officials are racing to overhaul that framework in little more than a year.
“He has to rest and watch his diet,” Greenberg said.
Iran has sought to locate many of its nuclear facilities in underground sites so as to lessen their vulnerability to aerial attacks.
The prudent middle ground would be to forestall any tax increases in 2011 and to phase in higher rates on upper-income households in 2012, when the economy will be on firmer ground.
Noise levels are affected by many other factors, including the person’s state of mind, with nervousness or tension possibly increasing the gurgling; the level of noise in the environment, with many people noticing the rumbling most in bed at night; and the types of food consumed, as well as how fast it is ingested.
Even established performers like Rihanna, whose latest album, “Rated R,” broke into the top five on the Billboard 200 in 2009, receives half of her revenue through those other avenues, according to Jim Urie, the head of distribution for the Universal Music Group, which owns her label, Def Jam, as well as Mercury.
Yet the cleanup effort is drawing some criticism as it unfolds on the beaches, in the bayous and in the marshes.
But after six years at the same school, burned out and approaching 30, she turned back to the game.
“I don’t — I can’t count.
The others are Howie Hawkins , on the Green Party line; Warren Redlich , the Libertarian Party candidate; and Jimmy McMillan, the candidate of the Rent Is Too Damn High Party .
A Song and Dance Revue.” June 19 at 7 p.m. $22 and $25.
They assayed “Solitude” at a gentlemanly tempo, Mr. Rollins and Mr. McBride swapping improvised asides.
It was just preparation.” Sheila Young Ochowicz, who won three Olympic medals in long-track speedskating , said that unless Davis was injured, she did not approve.
They reached consensus on three issues and failed on three others.
“But understand: if we don’t take meaningful steps to rein in our debt, it could damage our markets, increase the cost of borrowing and jeopardize our recovery — all of which could have an even worse effect on our job growth and family incomes.”
Cinnamon Chambers and Taj Yusef Lewis are to be married Sunday evening at the Water’s Edge Resort and Spa in Westbrook, Conn.
The proposed law would allow managers to search for publicly accessible information about prospective employees on the Web and to view their pages on job-networking sites, like LinkedIn or Xing, but would draw the line at purely social-networking sites like Facebook, said Philipp Spauschus, a spokesman for the Interior Minister, Thomas de Maizi?.
According to the association, the rent caps generally expire after 30 years, after which landlords can charge market rates.
“With each election, they give us a cap, a T-shirt and a bag,” she said.
He gave up two runs, both solo homers to the veteran outfielder Glenn Wilson.
Sharman Stein, a spokeswoman for the city's Department of Correction said Mr. Enright was admitted to the psychiatric ward on Thursday night.
In the case of Colonial Bank, a $25 billion Southeastern regional lender that failed in August, the F.D.I.C.
A few years ago a radical shift seemed under way.
Regulators will have the final say.
“Hallelujah” from Beethoven’s “Christus am Olberge”; “Easter” from Vaughan Williams’s “Five Mystical Songs”; “Hallelujah” Chorus from Handel’s “Messiah”; works for trumpet, timpani and organ by Manfredini and Handel and organ works by Bach and Widor; with soloists and instrumentalists; Andrew Henderson, music director.
I tell guys now: ‘It’s going to be tough.
La Gazzetta, 29, rue de Cotte; (33-1) 43-47-47-05; lagazzetta.fr .
How many will ever even ride in one?” Mr. Lodi, a garrulous man with a shaved head and the physical presence of a wrestler, circled around to make his point: a Ducati is a much more attainable dream for the connoisseur of fine motor vehicles.
Named for the swift and wily messenger of the gods, the brand died a rolling symbol of corporate torpor and irrelevance.
We cast women with very strong points of view and something to say, so I think it’s natural to go into this wondering how it’s going to go down.
“If you forget your past, it will come back to you again quickly,” he said.
He was too short to serve in the Army during World War II.
Vincent Chenjele was knocked off his bicycle with a hole ripped in his belly.
Then, as so often, he coupled mischief with moments of reflection.
Iona hired Tim Cluess, who was 98-23 at C. W. Post the last four seasons, on Thursday.
“We ask ourselves why did this book have success in Italy, in 2009, when Auntie Mames have become nightmarish showgirls and female escorts, or business women without any sort of humor, charm or grace,” the literary critic Goffredo Fofi wrote in the Catholic daily L’Avvenire, in a bleak assessment of the female condition in Italy today.
Not only that, Ms. Sigurdardottir said, further delays are likely to eat up any savings that might come if all the parties finally agree to a better deal.
By those standards Mr. Carlile is a purist: a manic, maniac howler who likes his post-hardcore uncut.
No stage version of Tchaikovsky’s Waltz of the Flowers surpasses Disney’s, in which summer turns to fall and fall to winter, with leaves blown in the wind and patterns on the ice; I am not sure even Balanchine’s equals its musicality and abundance.
I said, when our company was bigger, that e-mail cannot be the only way that we’re going to communicate.
“With more data, will it go away?
As for the rest of the world, it had better get used to frequent, but controlled, rows between China and the United States.
And among those who have paused to register its presence, few have probably spent much time contemplating its origin.
Chow was the Trojans' offensive coordinator during the first four seasons of their nine-year run under the former coach Pete Carroll.
Nov. 19 HARRY POTTER AND THE DEATHLY HALLOWS: PART 1 The first half of the final installment of the “Harry Potter” series — and the first in the series to be converted entirely to 3-D. David Yates directed; with Daniel Radcliffe, Rupert Grint, Emma Watson, Ralph Fiennes, Bill Nighy, John Hurt, Rhys Ifans, Helena Bonham Carter, Robbie Coltrane, Imelda Staunton, Jason Isaacs, Miranda Richardson, Warwick Davis, Alan Rickman, Maggie Smith, Brendan Gleeson, Ciaran Hinds, Timothy Spall, David Thewlis, Julie Walters, Richard Griffiths, Fiona Shaw and Natalia Tena.
The quake altered the landscape but not the validity of these ideas.
I throw a white ball past a guy with a stick.
In a Here and Now concert on Friday night, the new-music band Sequitur performs Corey Dargel’s “ Pulitzer Prize Acceptance Speech,” Phil Kline’s “Football Season Is Over” (a setting of a text by Hunter S. Thompson) and works by Robert Beaser, Martin Bresnick, Tom Cipullo, Michael Fiday, Lee Hyla, Stefan Weisman and Marc Blitzstein.
Within a few minutes, I had the thing under control and I was zipping around the block with a huge grin on my face, doing zero-turn-radius doughnuts to impress passers-by.
The boy had already succumbed to the elements.
By far the book’s most original thought is that Oprah Winfrey and Mr. Limbaugh are inverse versions of each other, from their showy affluence to their huge popularity to their polarizing effects on audiences.
Hotel stocks have been rallying in anticipation of the industry’s recovery.
The goal, after investigators have succeeded in freezing only about $8 million held by Taylor relatives and associates, is to win judgments for Liberia even if Taylor accounts cannot be found.
Devoted to his family and his Deaf community.
The official, Xia Lin, described how a design flaw had exposed the astronaut to excessive G-force pressure during re-entry, splitting his lip and drenching his face in blood.
She said Mr. Banki helped facilitate transfers through the bank account in New York and via messages sent to Iran.
Google moved quickly over the weekend to try to contain mounting criticism of Buzz, its social network, apologizing to users for features that were widely seen as endangering privacy and announcing product changes to address those concerns.
They often team up to visit President Hamid Karzai.
SXSW included some superb quiet zones too.
A letter sent to BP by the federal government this week requesting more transparency was criticized as too deferential, and cable channels are filled with commentators asking why the federal government has left so much to BP to handle.
“We had a long discussion,” Mr. Andriessen said, “and we quickly realized that once you do the film, you should also have stage direction, costumes and everything else, and that immediately started to generate a lot of problems.” But a concert version presented problems too.
You can parse a voting record.
“A short-term suspension of deepwater drilling while safety regulations are updated is necessary to achieve that goal,” the document stated.
Such a strategy of “muddling through” is not without risks.
regular-season road winless streak, 1-0.
Hull said she gave addicts a bottle of Naloxone and a DVD instructing them on its use.
The episode helped influence Congress to set up a secret court to issue warrants for domestic wiretapping.
(AP) DODGERS AVOID PIRATES SWEEP Ronnie Belliard had three extra-base hits and drove in four runs as the Los Angeles Dodgers avoided being swept by the host Pittsburgh Pirates with a 10-2 victory.
This way, “All our friends can kind of comment on it.” For the record, both Mr. Gower and Ms. Andrews say they are happy together and anticipate marital bliss.
It baffles me that air passengers reportedly feel extreme discomfort at having to undergo procedures that are meant to prevent suicide bombers from blowing up their plane.
Mr. Cohen, who runs SAC Capital, is worth $6 billion; Ms. Cohen appears to have very little money.
The idea that someone who had escaped the siege of Leningrad would then voluntarily join the evil empire in the Bronx struck me as repellent.
Southampton Cultural Center, 25 Pond Lane.
Researchers using data from the European Space Agency’s Venus Express spacecraft said they spotted three active volcanoes that recently poured red hot lava onto the planet’s already broiling surface.
Even so, Mr. Aquino acknowledged Thursday that he could have taken a more hands-on approach in orchestrating police tactics during the hostage crisis, which left eight members of the Hong Kong tour group dead.
Base price $62,150, including $950 delivery charge.
Any show from any Web source, listed on my phone, ready to play on my TV?
They face each other in the studio, alternating lyrics and finally overlapping them, he shouting in English, she in French, both wrapping colored ribbons around their heads.
The film and its packaging are nothing if not experimental — in part to embrace the spirit of the book, but in part out of necessity.
That elsewhere is Minnesota, which is in such win-at-all-costs mode that in August, Coach Brad Childress sent three players to beg Brett Favre to return instead of retire.
The cereal maker General Mills forecast full-year earnings below Wall Street expectations on Wednesday and may face more competition as consumers grow more willing to dine out, sending its shares lower.
Even those who had money didn’t spend it, retailers said.
But in a hint of what will follow the demolition, the construction manager for the dismantling, Bovis Lend Lease , is involved in a courtroom free-for-all over tens of millions of dollars with the state agency that hired it.
As part of a City of Chicago project, Mr. Solomon has inspected each of 77 neighborhoods in an unprecedented cultural-historical inventory.
“Benjie is an amazing kid and human being,” she wrote.
“I mean that because of his longevity here, the way he’s pitched, his knowledge of the game.
He is not a seducer.
Mr. Blanc charged the state around $15,000 for Cuban cigars, which Mr. Fillon ordered him to repay, and faces new allegations of seeking a questionable building permit to expand a vacation house.
The latter are a special worry in the West, where security officials fear terrorists could fire them at passenger jets.
Many American policy makers and economists argue that Beijing is keeping the renminbi at a level that is artificially low against the dollar and that this gives Chinese exporters an unfair advantage over their counterparts.
Sunni fighters who came in from the cold still haven’t gotten the jobs they were promised.
There is something to these Old-Timers’ Day celebrations beyond selling merchandise.
George Gustav Heye Center, 1 Bowling Green, Lower Manhattan , (212) 514-3700, americanindian.si.edu .
WAYNE Shea Center for Performing Arts, William Paterson University Sounds of the Andes II, featuring musicians from Peru as well as performers from the local Peruvian community.
The disagreement underlines how migration within the 27 nations of the European Union has become a combustible issue in the wake of the European economic crisis.
Meanwhile, some investors have recoiled from investing in new green start-ups and have begun investing more of their money in mature start-ups.
Consider it an investment in a good seat for this fall’s Thanksgiving dinner.
Mr. Brown is respected for his grit in battling personal and political adversity, including the loss of his own first child, a girl, in infancy in 2002.
And this means in some cases they are spending again -- at times cautiously, but sometimes with a familiar swagger.
She has been a spokeswoman — usually a dancing and singing one — in commercials for DirecTV, American Express, Wal-Mart and L’Oréal, among others.
Barring a miraculous trade for Anthony, the Knicks will open the season as an unfinished work.
It notes that several black congressmen accused Tea Party supporters of shouting racial epithets at them during a rally against health care legislation on Capitol Hill in March.
History has shown that there is a significant correlation between adequate health care and a country’s stability and security.
The confusion and challenges to Arab female identity thrown up by the pageant eventually pushed two of the original 20 participants to withdraw.
The enclosed courtyard pulsing with electronic beats houses Bites, a restaurant with a Peruvian accent, and a healthy “fast food” counter.
Sooner or later your illicit, once-beloved object of affection will become tawdry, wearying.
Aqueduct’s managers can barely contain themselves.
David Foster Wallace once wrote that “acceptance is its own verve, and it takes imagination for a player to like wind.” Every year we witness fitness and skill, match in, match out.
Poppy to Kenny and Danny.
Among the gems at the Mark Twain House and Museum in Hartford is this four-line missive the author sent to his wife, Olivia, on Nov. 27, 1888: ''I am grateful -- gratefuler than ever before -- that you were born, and that your love is mine and our two lives woven and welded together!''
This is a good moment.” What might seem to be basic Chinese cooking is an intricate puzzle to this proponent of new-wave gastronomy.
Mr. Garrett said the breakdown of the talks reflected “a tussle between those who see the purpose of the commission as being to regulate the killing of whales and those, like Australia, who see a broader purpose of focusing on conservation.” Australia is suing Japan at the International Court of Justice to end the hunt in the Southern Ocean , the Antarctic waters that are a major feeding ground for four-fifths of the world’s whales.
The fourth, Ericsel Tan, graduated in 2003 and later earned $42,000 a year overseeing catering at a convention center near Seattle .
If you say it’s not O.K.
Then he served lamb stew.
The Cyclones (1-1) scored their first touchdown against Iowa (2-0) since 2006 on Austen Arnaud’s 8-yard pass to Darius Darks with 1 minute 51 seconds left.
Her former husband, Angel Acosta, still lives in New York.
So, maybe the voters should instead pick Joe Torre and Michael and even poor, addled Billy Martin, who is actually on this makeup ballot.
Two runs looked like plenty for Hamels, who retired 10 consecutive batters through the middle innings.
‘Don Zimmer,’ he says.” The other night, Uecker told Provus: “The Mariners turned their first triple play in 15 years.
Many women are horrified by people like Bachmann because they fear that when the rest of the country watches her bizarre performances, they see not just an addled person from Minnesota , but a woman in politics.
Mexican human rights groups say that nearly 20,000 migrants were kidnapped last year, usually for ransom, although the government questions that number.
Mr. Raabe, who was also a wartime aviator and the first Little Oscar, the mascot of the Oscar Mayer meat company, died Friday in Orange Park, Fla., at 94.
And, with a clock ticking in the background to suggest a “60 Minutes” level of urgency, they talk about why they are “crossing party lines” to back Mr. Donovan, who is the Staten Island district attorney.
Mr. Hancock stored the toilet in his shed for 40 years, and on Saturday it was sold to an unidentified buyer as part of a sale of Beatles-related memorabilia that included a rare mono copy of Lennon and Yoko Ono ’s album “Two Virgins” and a harmonica that belonged to Lennon’s son Julian .
She trotted to a rather quick victory over Apollo in Portland, padding around the ring with a champion’s poise, a tiny snowbank on paws.
But after fouling off three 3-2 pitches from Ramon Ramirez, Tejada swung through a fastball.
Hundreds of villages in neighboring Dera Ghazi Khan were submerged on Monday night, due to flash floods.
And the authorities, after several days of back-and-forth theorizing, said they well might never make such a determination of responsibility.
We will miss your wonderful energy and spirit, and never forget the times we spent together.
That helped push company’s second-quarter return on equity down to 9.5 percent, excluding the one-time British bonus tax and the cost of settling a lawsuit with the Securities and Exchange Commission.
The International Luge Federation and I.O.C.
After uniting in a refugee camp, they adopted an orphan boy whom they named Sarun.
On one side of Jerome Avenue sits Com Tam Ninh Kieu, a Vietnamese restaurant that serves big bowls of pho, heavy on the tripe and tendons.
“We cannot just wait until this ash cloud dissipates.” Europe remained a scene of travel chaos, with deserted airports and grounded planes; stranded travelers stormed ports and bus and train stations.
Those cheery figures were accompanied by news that JPMorgan had earmarked $26.9 billion to compensate its workers, much of which will be paid out as bonuses.
On the 17th anniversary of Joe Carter’s World Series-winning home run for the Toronto Blue Jays against the Phillies, Uribe went deep off Madson, who had allowed only one homer in his previous 47 appearances.
''Unless there is a major change in atmosphere and policy inside the coalition after the summer break, we can only expect muddling through,'' said Mr. Schneider, the economics expert.
It bears all the same decals as a regular police car, but they are white, colorless, like the car itself.
He established himself as an action director, choreographing the elaborate combat scenes for which Hong Kong films are known, and sometimes fighting himself.
Alexander Kasser Theater, Montclair State University, 1 Normal Avenue.
A wall of freezers carries many brands of gyoza and shumai dumplings, noodle dishes and tubs of miso paste.
Linebacker Ray Lewis, the sage of the Ravens’ defense, said that when the Saints tied the score, he thought nothing of the team’s recent history.
After graduating, he enrolled in the executive training program at G. Fox, a landmark Hartford department store, where he was assistant manager of the sportswear department when he joined Paul Stuart.
LaBranche plans to quadruple its authorized share buyback to $100 million after the sale and buy all its debt including senior notes totaling $189.3 million.
It’s just missing a window here and there,” said Xuhui Shao, chief technology officer for Turn, an ad software and services company.
17 Pittsburgh (23-7, 12-5) secured a double bye in the Big East tournament by winning at home.
For the moment, the bookmakers Paddy Power and William Hill favor Phillipa Lepley, a Chelsea designer, to create Ms. Middleton’s dress, followed by Daniella Issa Helayel, Ms. Emanuel, and Amanda Wakeley.
HATER Man on the Move Paper Soap Set, $14 Give the gift of easier security clearance in the form of shaving cream, soap and body wash made of dissolvable paper.
The impassioned first movement is concise and elusive, with an assertive main theme played in unison followed in short order by a contrasting choralelike theme of hazy, unsettled chords.
When the riot was over, at least eight protesters were dead and about a dozen wounded, shot by Afghan intelligence officers.
Cullen materialized at 485, leaping almost 300 spots from 2008 for the biggest increase of any boy’s name; it wedged firmly between Braiden and Kason.
When they hatch, the larvae start preying on the aphids.
The only thing they do not love is how a low-flying plane, heavy rain or just a little too much movement in the room can wipe out the picture.
Back then, he complained to caseworkers that his mother did not press him to be more responsible.
The agreements were signed by Gov.
As the meat chills, the flavors recede, becoming quieter and mellower.
Human rights activists and artists showed up to support the curators.
That strike had forced Honda to shut down its four assembly plants in China.
A funeral will be held at Trinity-by-the-Cove, Naples, FL on Saturday, January 23 at 11am.
Even in its so-called Golden Age, Broadway was never all that hospitable to experimental works.
She recruited teachers who would forswear corporal punishment and encourage creativity rather than rote learning.
“I don’t have anyone,” she said.
On the other hand, the Republican proposal to keep the current tax rates permanently in place even for the wealthy takes an unnecessary gamble with our long-term fiscal outlook.
the power to regulate rates charged to consumers by broadband service providers, something that Julius Genachowski , the chairman of the commission, has said that it does not intend to do.
Its goals include a permanent extension of all the Bush-era tax cuts, repeal of the newly enacted health care law, a cap on discretionary federal spending and an end to government control of the mortgage giants Fannie Mae and Freddie Mac .
“We’re talking about two-sies and three-sies and 10-sies instead of thousands at a time,” said Ms.
Admiral Allen, echoing Mr. Nungesser, said that he had had to learn the lines of authority within Louisiana, and that in recent weeks, he had adapted the centralized command structure to the “home rule economy” of the parishes.
They were 10 games behind the first-place Braves when their four-game series started Monday.
It wasn’t a blues festival — Chicago already has one — but largely a blues-rock festival, with Mr. Clapton, Mr. Beck, ZZ Top, Johnny Winter and Ron Wood of the Rolling Stones, who were once students and transformers of the blues, now appearing as forefathers.
“The question is not about my personal ambitions,” Mr. Yanukovich said, “but about the fact that we now need to find ways to convince people who voted for Tymoshenko, as well as for other candidates, that the current authorities are capable of improving their lives.”
His unflagging dedication to children and families and his significant contribution to JCCA and other child advocacy organizations will long be remembered.
Argentina handed Spain its first loss since winning the World Cup two months ago, earning a dominant 4-1 win.
One relative of the deposed president particularly loathed by the new government, Mr. Bakiyev’s 32-year-old son, Maksim, was outside Kyrgyzstan when the uprising began.
But his stakes in Yahoo Japan and in Alibaba (he is also a board member) - along with the acquisition of Vodafone's Japanese business in 2006 - have kept him as one of the most influential investors in Asia.
At the Élysée Palace, officials have played down the importance of the scandal.
“It was impossible to even start this conversation.” In the 1990s a new emir, Sheik Hamad bin Khalifa al-Thani, began to liberalize many institutions and to open the door cautiously to the outside world.
Separately, in a Jewish Week column, Menachem Z. Rosensaft, a New York lawyer who is active in Holocaust-related issues, dismissed Mr. Kissinger as “ the quintessential court Jew .” And J. J. Goldberg, a Forward columnist, wrote, “ No one has ever gone broke overstating Kissinger’s coldbloodedness .” Now 87, Mr. Kissinger confined himself this week to a brief statement that said his taped comments “must be viewed in the context of the time.” Back then, American Jewish groups strongly supported legislation that would have made any improvement in American-Soviet trade relations contingent on freer emigration by Soviet Jews.
He might point to the dugout after a big hit.
Jonathan Pritchard, a geneticist at the University of Chicago, wrote this year that there seem to have been surprisingly few hard sweeps in recent human evolution, and that therefore much early human adaptation to novel environments since the dispersal from Africa may have been mediated by soft sweeps.
They’d been trained to see terrorists as members of networks, almost like computer networks, and to focus on disrupting the nodes where networks joined.
It could take days to sort out whether the relief supplies were needed in the disaster zone and getting the supplies to the airport and distributed.
But it is just as politically attuned.
Polls have shown as much as a third of the electorate to be undecided, and many voters unenthusiastic about any of the three major parties.
She was born June 12, 1950, in Summit, New Jersey, where she attended Oak Knoll School and Kent Place School before moving to Washington, DC, where she graduated Holton Arms School.
Among those categories not actively tracked are: perennial sellers; required classroom reading; text, reference and test preparation guides; journals and workbooks; calorie counters; shopping guides; comics and crossword puzzles.
The discussions in Brussels appear to have resolved one complex impediment to a refinancing of Greek debt: constructing loan terms that get around German opposition to any financing that could be considered a subsidy or bailout.
He was followed by the pitching coach Dan Warthen.
Many economists were examining the latest Fed survey, known as the beige book, for any further hints into whether the central bank would make a decision about new quantitative easing at its next policy meeting Nov. 2-3.
My girlfriend and I recently set out to circumnavigate the globe without the aid of any aircraft.
Mr. Horowitz and Mr. Andreessen are two of the major players in this new wave of early-stage financing, known as superangel investing.
Pricier reserve list by request.
The yield rose to 3.36 percent, from 3.19 percent late Wednesday.
“I slipped right when I broke.
“I feel that marriage vows are sacred, and I hope that mine will be spared the hurly-burly attending a news event,” Margaret Truman said before her 1956 nuptials in Missouri .
“You can’t, of course, promise everything to everyone right away,” he said.
Jacobs did not speak with reporters Monday, uttering a profanity as they approached his locker.
The news clips of cars streaming out of Atlanta or Phoenix might finally push our leaders to do something serious about climate change.
“From a legal perspective, what has occurred cannot have a rational explanation and justification,” the statement said.
Diplomats give much of the credit to General Konaté, the interim president, whom they describe as an unusual military man — diffident, reserved and uninterested in power, despite his participation in the earlier coup.
“I definitely noticed that incline.” On East 92nd Street, a studio for $1,325 a month was nice compared with most, and had high ceilings and plenty of closet space.
George was an associate partner at one of the world’s largest technology and consulting firms until he lost his job last year in a wave of layoffs.
''Having to leave your children behind is the hardest thing about being a migrant,'' she said.
The decision divided Democrats, with many in the Democratic-controlled Legislature expressing vocal support for another choice, a former speaker of the State House of Representatives, Andrew Romanoff.
Her mother and sister run a farm stand on Route 27, selling corn, tomatoes and other things grown on the family's 13 acres.
A breakfast bar divides the spaces but looks over the living room with a gas fireplace.
Running time: 1 hour 24 minutes.
Ms. Felter, of Palo Alto, Calif., cares for her three sons, and - here comes the scandal - her husband is a high-and-tight Army colonel currently deployed overseas.
That wet suit we bought with the plans to learn scuba diving and the sewing machine we thought would get us started on making clothes, they’re all gathering dust.
There is almost always that kind of excuse for the bells and whistles going off in the laboratory.
“Even to firemen.” So, he gave her his e-mail address; she didn’t write.
Unsurprisingly, both have had their ups and downs.
He first shows up in the movies as a baby in a 1951 drama, “The Company She Keeps,” alongside his brother and their mother, the actress Dorothy Dean.
It did not start construction until 1904, and even then the grand, Ionic-style front did not extend to the corners; those were finished in 1938.
For now, though, tapping into the aid package may help Greece meet its short-term debt.
“It becomes very difficult for a company that wants to be responsible to be responsible,” he said.
I get nervous.” Mr. Williams also made reference to the Pakistani immigrant who pleaded guilty this month to trying to plant a car bomb in Times Square.
Six suspects have been arrested in connection with three of the beatings, but a grand jury turned down prosecutors’ requests to indict them on hate-crime charges.
Even so, he is not planning to see the Tony-winning show during a trip to New York for a performance Monday night in Lincoln Center’s Midsummer Night Swing series.
“If you do go for a master’s in construction management you’re pretty eligible to work for us,” says Peter Davoren, chairman of Turner Construction, a national company with 5,500 employees and over $10 billion in annual billings.
The city’s most venerable triumvirate of museums — the Natural History Museum , the Science Museum and the Victoria and Albert Museum — are a brief stroll away, umbrella in hand.
3 seed, who will play Mardy Fish, rapidly gaining stature after losing 30 pounds.
But now she is widely expected to succeed Jean-Marie Le Pen as leader of the National Front, the persistent far-right party preaching French purity and exceptionalism, opposing immigration and the European Union, and which she wants to bring into the media age.
Our mission is to bolster reporting-based journalism and to help assure that the Fourth Estate can serve its function on the local level — not to take over the world.
Watch me walk through this wall and go into this room, and here I am watching the Beatles record the White Album,” he said.
Eventually, boxing became a club sport at the college level, dominated by other service academies, but not Army, until recently.
The food is delicious — much better than it has to be — and the service is excellent.
“We didn’t get any benefit from the government of Maliki.
He did not select a story for Mya.
Throughout her career she explored many areas of arts and crafts from traditional to the abstract, in media ranging from oils, acrylic, watercolor, lithograph, to print-makeup and collage.
On Friday, the Greek Parliament approved a $6.5 billion deficit-cutting plan, offering some reassurance that Greece would emerge from its mountains of debt and a broader crisis in Europe would be averted.
As director of the Bryant Galleries branch there, he was a guest speaker at an art luncheon and regularly appeared in the society column.
Szczur, a wide receiver, likes to do it all, but he will have to make a hard choice after he plays in the Senior Bowl next month.
The wage gap is real.
Both countries did not officially confirm those visits until they were over.
And if he did have that king, along with two low diamonds (and West an initial queen-third), taking a club finesse now would allow East to win with his king and to lead another heart, resulting in a trump promotion for down one.
Ms. Johnsen spent five years in the office during the Clinton administration, including time as its acting chief.
“I don’t know how to solve this problem,” he said about the asthma, which he has had for eight years.
1 on The New York Times’s best-seller list, and her 33 novels have combined sales of more than 75 million copies worldwide, according to Random House.
Claudia Mariela López, the Petén director for the national parks agency, said about 37,000 acres of the reserve was deforested annually by poachers, squatters and ranchers.
As he left, the Jets gathered in the tunnel with their families.
In “Bon Appetit,” dating from 2008, butterflies skewered on needles set on plates and in glasses at an elegant dinning table are ready to be eaten.
Indeed, the invasion robbed the United States of the resources it needed to consolidate our shared victory against terrorists in Afghanistan.
Judith Eisenberg Pollak New York, Oct. 21.
In a test, I found flight from Baltimore to Martha's Vineyard to be priced substantially lower on the ITA site then the actual purchase price from the airline.
Still, nearly every player and scout I spoke with volunteered a top-10 list.
“Everybody is bringing different booze and plenty of it, in case we get stuck,” she said.
No one knows exactly why this is happening.
The vote is seen as a test of Prime Minister Borut Pahor’s popularity.
Some kids were beaten.” But Mr. Zhang says he now wants to revive a dying art form.
Ian Poulter had never been to Pebble Beach Golf Links before this week, although he had played the course numerous times on PlayStation.
From the kudu horn made from the spiral-horned antler to the plastic horn is not such a great distance.
“I could give up cycling,” Jen said.
In fact, a Libyan vessel arrived in the area of Crete on Monday, with its crew saying it was scheduled to reach Gaza on Wednesday.
So the herd has slowly moved toward the dividend pasture.
“The Yellow Handkerchief,” adapted from an early-1970s story by Pete Hamill and moved to Louisiana bayou country in 2007, is directed by Udayan Prasad, best known for his 1997 film, “My Son the Fanatic.” In “The Yellow Handkerchief” Brett, newly released from prison, encounters two volatile, insecure teenagers, Gordy (Eddie Redmayne) and Martine ( Kristen Stewart ), who have themselves just met for the first time, at a convenience store.
And you’re here to make sure that you claim that progress, and that you see it to the promised land.”
The New Domino project , on the East River in Williamsburg, had divided a once-working-class neighborhood in desperate need of housing for longtime residents but overwhelmed by a wave of new luxury towers during the recent real estate boom.
Mr. Fawcett says the area also attracts buyers from Britain and other parts of Europe.
It made the heat rooms a distant memory — rather like childbirth, though I’m sure I’ll have a different view on the matter come winter.
will be Friday in Tampa Bay or Texas, which holds a 2-1 lead in that division series.
There may still be a male coyote out there, he said, “but if he’s healthy, he’s going to leave the area.” Still, Mayor Joan L. Feinstein of Rye Brook said village officials had already decided to extend the trapping program that Mr. Horton began as a temporary measure four weeks ago.
Mr. Bookstaver would not say whether there was an investigation into Judge Gibbons, but he said, “If we become aware of a possible criminal act, we refer such matters to the appropriate law enforcement authority.” Erin M. Duggan, the communications director for the Manhattan district attorney’s office, declined to comment.
He spent millions on technology so that the school system could distinguish between schools that were improving and those that weren’t.
A true gentleman who held himself to an exacting standard, he was a generous mentor and colleague.
A really hard-nosed White House line on Iran in exchange for some help on other foreign policy issues from a Republican Party that isn’t sure of being able to handle its own Tea Party insurgents?
(Above, Neytiri, played by Zoe Saldana , left, and Jake, played by Sam Worthington .)
Another is under investigation on insider trading charges.
Daisy Roman, 39, a school psychologist, relied on canned food and Christmas leftovers — turkey and tamales made by an aunt from Honduras — to feed her husband and their two sons.
In both cases, she was returned to house arrest.
The lines between reality and appearance, reason and madness, truth and fiction have always been blurry, but this was an especially fertile year for dreams, hoaxes and puzzles, many of them playing with fundamental questions of identity.
But allegations of bribery and corruption involving two FIFA executive committee members, Amos Adamu and Reynald Temarii, along with two of the nine bidders, have shaken FIFA’s control over the two-year global lobbying contest.
So staggering was the scale of destruction unleashed by the Sichuan earthquake that, much like the Haitian quake in January, its horror was often reduced to a series of statistics: more than 87,000 dead or missing, nearly 400,000 injured, upward of five million homeless.
If that projection is correct, prisoners who receive money can expect to get roughly $2,000.
Under the Lisbon Treaty, which took effect in December, members of the European Parliament will have an equal voice with national governments in deciding the final shape of legislation.
“I think that lessons will be learned and adaptations will be made,” he said.
“In spite of the bad services that continue to exist in Basra, people know that the Charge of the Knights was one of the best things that has happened to them,” he said, using the code-name of the military operation.
But for the most part the production evokes and exemplifies the pleasure of discovering the vital connections between theory and reality, past and present, and the lives of human beings separated by time, space or the brutal fact of tragedy.
For his first meet, Bailey did not have spikes, so his teammate lent him a pair at least a size too small.
“We are calling it ‘Peace Hunt,’ ” he said, according to the Hindustan Times.
There were no party hats, but there were cupcakes, and plenty of questions for Ms. Bartz.
Washington is concerned that some of the Yemenis detained at Guantánamo Bay and suspected of involvement with the Taliban and Osama bin Laden will not be kept in custody if they return home and pretend to give up terrorism.
“Frog is on the cutting edge of technology,” he says.
“Whether it was the electronics or the accelerator pedal, something happened and it wasn’t her fault,” Ms. Green’s lawyer, Philip Berenz, said.
An advocate for education and the arts he was a member of Advisory Board Pace University NYC and appointed Adjunct Professor 1985.
During that visit, he told a gathering of local and state officials, “there may be some nontraditional, untapped sources of federal funds that we can help you tap.” He travels with an entourage of a dozen top officers from federal agencies, each with money to offer and an explanation of how to tap the funds.
In 2006, Mr. Chen spent 30 days in jail for choking her and punching her in the face, and since then Ms. Wu had received at least five orders of protection against him.
He considered all three novels a single text and at one point wanted to number the chapters of the second and third volumes consecutively.
So by most accounts, Nov. 2 is going to be a blue day in blue America.
Theatergoers may mistake a couple of production-specific features for part of the renovation.
Services to follow at Woodlawn Crematory.
Late in a long week of shooting, on a Friday in December, production was at an upscale house.
Hisanori Takahashi, the Japanese left-hander for the Mets, recalled a catcher for the Hiroshima Toyo Carp who would pretend he was hit by a pitch by pinching the back of his hand and leaving a red mark.
Most political analysts suggest that Mr. Hayworth begins as the underdog, and Mr. McCain’s supporters say they are confident.
and uses it himself, but he denies providing it to athletes.
A new name might upset the magic.
“And that means doing everything we can to make sure the final product doesn’t allow for future Wall Street bailouts.” But another Republican, Senator Bob Corker of Tennessee, who as a member of the banking committee spent months helping to draft the legislation, gave a speech chastising both parties for politicizing the financial regulation issue.
Finally, what about wet basements?
A conservative estimate of the escalating body count in Pierre Morel’s gleefully chaotic action-adventure comedy “From Paris With Love” is two dozen a day, boasts John Travolta ’s trigger-happy character, Special Agent Charlie Wax.
83), the work features Paul Vershbow’s handsome and smartly understated video design: three screens behind the dancers depicting historical, often-upsetting photographs of brutal battle, and close-up shots of barbed-wire barricades evoking the sinister claustrophobia of trench warfare.
“We all peer-review, but it is no longer as significant as it was before,” he said, adding that one consequence was that academics and researchers “get to read papers that have been rejected, some of which actually contain ideas ahead of their time, and were rejected unfairly.” In contrast to journal publication, which is the outcome of a lengthy assessment process, social media postings provide “a real-time snapshot of the front of the state of the art at that particular moment,” he said.
Mr. Gates also said on Monday that he knew of “no insurmountable problems, technological or otherwise, with the F-35.” But he added a year to the development phase of the program, and slowed plans to increase production, to give the company a chance to catch up.
Dec. 27 at 1 p.m. Free.
He was eventually returned to Varick and catheterized, he wrote.
Jay Goltz owns five small businesses in Chicago.
“Turkey has to confront the past, but before this confrontation can happen, people must know who they are confronting.
A powerful economic minority in this country wants to deny the people a basic human right: health care.
“Esplanade,” a work of overwhelming momentum and spontaneity, lies right at the center of American dance.
During that takeover, 86 people died when police officers and soldiers guarding government buildings fired at protesters, some of them also armed.
Megamind lands in a Metro City prison, where he learns evil, while Metro Man is coddled in upper-middle-class comfort.
Mr. Poirot, who spent time at a number of Paris's Michelin-starred restaurants, shows off his French heritage in dishes like monkfish topped with a generous slab of saut?
The committee also found evidence to support a charge that Mr. Rangel failed to report or pay taxes on rental income from his beachfront Dominican villa.
Finally, it was left to Puyol, who only had to outjump another Barcelona teammate, Gerard Piqué, to slam the ball home on the decisive corner kick.
But track numbers don’t necessarily translate into action on the street.
“Go ahead, amaze me,” an old lady says to her grandson as she slaps down trump.
“I know it fits some narrative that, ‘Oh, I’m the last Kennedy,’ ” Patrick Kennedy said, his tone verging on sardonic.
Two Palestinian militants were killed and six were wounded Wednesday in an Israeli shelling in the northern Gaza Strip , Palestinian witnesses and officials at a hospital said.
was searching actively for two of them before the attack.
His personal life is in disarray, he is juggling behavioral therapy for an undisclosed addiction and he has too many thoughts about his swing.
That shaky performance came as some theater producers said that Foxwoods Theater, the landlord for “Spider-Man,” had inquired whether they had shows in the works that might be fits for the theater.
Reports have speculated about a 10-year contract for at least $200 million.
Even the most conservative sheik drives an S.U.V.
In lieu of flowers please donate Valley Hospice, 15 Essex Road, Suite 301, Paramus, NJ 07652, or any Humane Animal Society.
Only an artificial dualism would treat every non-novel as if it were reportage or court testimony, and only a fear of the slipperiness of life could perpetuate the cult of the back story.
By Any Means Necessary, an affirmative action group, is renewing efforts to overturn the state law that prohibits public universities from considering race in admissions.
IN persuading Congressional Democrats to pass the health care overhaul, President Obama addressed one of the most pressing issues facing the country: providing broader access to medical insurance for as many as 32 million Americans who do not now have it.
Anand and Topalov are dynamic, and each can land a knockout blow if an opponent slips up.
(BUT CAN ANYONE MAKE MONEY LIKE THAT?)
As more people get to know about you and see who you are, that can pay off.” That’s how things played out for Mr. Schmid.
The company is calling the stores “Borders Express,” and described them as severely scaled-down versions of its regular retail outlets.
You’re known as a conservative Democrat who likes to fulminate against the party’s sacred cows, like labor unions, the welfare system and amnesty for illegal immigrants.
Jimenez, who has the most wins in the majors, also went two-plus innings Aug. 9, 2007, against the Chicago Cubs , but faced one fewer batter.
It would be great if Americans could embrace the World Cup, because then big U.S. sponsors could make even more money.
It’s leather,” Mr. Kearns said.
But for most of Africa and scattered other countries like Haiti , Guyana and Cambodia , it seems inevitable that the 1990s will return: walking skeletons in the villages, stacks of bodies in morgues, mountains of newly turned earth in cemeteries.
After Mr. Madoff’s arrest I was angry.
Vivian Harris served as President of the Board of Directors for her twenty-six years.
Ms. Matthews and Mr. MacLaughlin, a 31-year-old actor, met while performing with the touring company of “The Phantom of the Opera,” and have spent most of their relationship on the road, living in hotels.
Why bother with craft if audiences don’t seem to notice its absence?
We had made an earlier visit to Jordan, Lebanon and Syria to visit Iraqi refugees.
“I don’t think it’s sustainable in the absence of a much greater degree of political and economic integration,” said Simon Tilford, chief economist at the Center for European Reform, a research institute based in London.
The birth of a state is no less difficult.
Cabazitaxel did have a serious side effect.
But you’ve just got to let it go, and that’s the hard thing.
Oakland kept Janikowski from becoming a free agent by giving him the same contract that the All-Pro punter Shane Lechler received a year ago to stay out of free agency.
Last year, a debate occurred between the heads of the State Intellectual Property Office and the National Copyright Administration.
to coach the Seattle Seahawks, Sean Henderson was stuck in an elevator for nearly two hours.
The other is people receiving any of several federal disability benefits: Social Security Disability, Supplemental Security Income and Railroad Retirement Board Disability.
He also asked the company to reveal precisely how much money those ads generate, and criticized the company’s announcement last May that it would no longer commit to donate those profits to charity.
The lottery was also kind to the Philadelphia 76ers, who leapt to second from sixth in the draft order.
But other lawyers said that could be a big if.
Mr. Proglio, who took over from Pierre Gadonneix in November, also said the company’s third-generation E.P.R.
The auction’s first 22 works — primarily by trendy artists like Richard Prince, Takashi Murakami and Marc Newson — were from the collection of Halsey Minor, the technology entrepreneur and co-founder of CNET, who was a big spender for the last decade, buying high-end art and contemporary designer furniture.
Below are the analyses of four business owners and executives with related experience: Lindsay Gaskins, co-founder and chief executive of Marbles: The Brain Store, which sells products designed to stimulate and strengthen the brain: ''If EPC Cigar's marketing spend of $300,000 is producing $1.5 million in sales in the first year, I would imagine the company is pretty pleased with where they are (assuming this cigar's margin structure is favorable for this type of spending).
“We’re very concerned about the cost of a range of regulations that have been proposed or are pending, and very concerned about what we view to be the very suspect science that E.P.A.
And I was sick of it, and I was like, how can I give back?” But she was perplexed: what to do?
And as the race for lucrative pharmaceutical patents on penicillin’s so-called cousins heats up, Claire’s father, a wealthy tycoon, begins to play a significant role in the ever widening narrative.
He was here for Bobcats games more than most people realized, but he often pinned himself to the back of his suite, out of sight of the cameras and the fans.
Opens on Friday in Manhattan.
Among the items in the Melania Timepieces and Jewelry collection are a braided chain necklace, available in silver and gold, for $40; a cocktail ring featuring a faux ruby surrounded by faux diamonds, for $35; and a chunky silver watch styled like a bracelet (“with the holes so you can see the skin,” she said), for $64.
The Mercante family later moved to Brooklyn, and Arthur began boxing in the Golden Gloves at age 16.
At the time Mr. Parker was indicted in May 2009, Mr. Sharpe was assigned to the school advocacy bureau, prosecutors said, Prosecutors said that on Wednesday, after they realized that someone named Wellington Sharpe was challenging Mr. Parker, they asked Wynton Sharpe if he was related to him.
Since the rule of law in America is based upon the notion that the state itself is constrained by a body of pre-existing law that is sovereign, any thought of rewriting the Constitution is anathema.
“His last name was S-T and mine was S-C, so we sat next to each other,” she explained.
1 economy, and its eventual successor.
That same openness has defined his approach to public issues as well — whether in the way he bluntly describes efforts to save parochial schools as “hospice care” that has failed or when he vigorously defends the church’s values against what he sees as anti-Catholic bias in the news media, including The New York Times.
The Democrats (and the Republicans) conveniently neglected to mention the fact that they had just gutted the long-term revenue source for their entire package, the excise tax on high-cost insurance plans.
He receives no compensation, not even free Metro rides.
There, the rights are shared by ABC, a free network, and the ESPN cable service, both of which are owned by Walt Disney, and Univision, a Spanish-language channel.
Instead, he channeled the vision of Helmut Lang in the 1990s, when leather mini-aprons, wrapped over pants at the hips, were all the rage.
But at this point Iceland seems, if anything, to be doing better than its near-namesake.
Separately Thursday, the authorities charged five former American clients of UBS with evading taxes in offshore accounts at UBS’s private bank.
Then the wheels began to come off.
Eliot Daley Princeton, N.J., Feb. 8, 2010  To the Editor: Eric Lax’s poignant meditation on same-sex love and the Episcopal Church rightly identifies love as the fundamental tenet of Christianity.
One was with my volleyball coach who’d taken me to two Olympic medals.” The actor and singer Anthony Rapp (“Rent”) added in an interview that Landmark can be “explosively powerful at reconciling families.” What seems to drive all this personal growth is the Forum’s pressure-cooker atmosphere.
When another aspect of the plot drives Ig wild, he finds it cathartic to give Grandma’s wheelchair a shove down a hill.
“I think this is one of those instances when science and advocacy can conflict,” he said.
Hospitals across the state practiced triage drills.
As we left, Mr. MacDuckston and I were followed out the door by a young woman who’d been eyeing us curiously.
WHAT: A five-bedroom two-and-a-half-bath Victorian HOW MUCH: $484,900 SIZE: 4,446 square feet PER SQUARE FOOT: $109.06 SETTING: This home is in a corridor of Victorian houses that runs between the University of North Texas and Denton’s town square.
“Congress can regulate commerce,” he said.
Titled after a 1973 song by the soul musician Dan Penn , the show surveys the unfailingly accessible paintings, sculptures and drawings of the Japanese artist Yoshitomo Nara .
At some point, people largely grow out of it.
“Intel’s profit margins are vulnerable to a sneak attack from underneath,” Mr. Gwennap said.
Adored grandmother of Oriana, Will, Rachel, Rick, Andrew and Benjamin.
We extend our condolences to his beloved wife and to the entire family.
Laporta recently started a party that seeks the establishment of an independent state and will compete in Catalonia's regional elections Nov. 28.
Little Rock and other urban areas were supposed to belong to her rival, Lt. Gov.
A ruling issued by a federal judge on Thursday protects key aspects of the Clean Truck Program, which started banning old diesel trucks two years ago to lower air pollution surrounding the port.
With his lead down to one shot over Kevin Na, his 4-iron came up short of the 17th green and plugged into the face of the bunker.
It isn’t just governors, of course, who can benefit from good timing.
Mr. Frogue pointed to innovative programs, like Healthy Indiana, which uses a combination of Medicaid dollars and tobacco settlement money to provide basic health coverage to low-income adults; and to Florida, which started demonstration projects in an effort to reduce Medicaid costs and improve patient results.
The full-day Theater Academy for those entering grades four through six and seven through nine explores various aspects of theater, including acting technique and playwriting.
Ten departures from Ushuaia, Argentina, take place from November through February 2011, sailing to the South Shetland Islands and the Antarctic Peninsula in a polar safari to view penguins, seals and whales.
The proceeds are to be spent on "a team building activity."
And though analysts now believe that this likely means the second quarter of 2010, a move before mid-year would still come significantly earlier than what is expected for the United States and Europe.
The English Premier League is the wealthiest soccer league in the world.
John Cleese , the British comic actor who was part of the Monty Python troupe, found himself stranded in Oslo .
''The game is won or lost in those few percentage points you can shave off in the back end,'' Mr. Zhang says, giving as an example ''an algorithm we developed that helps us determine what is the optimal size box for each order.''
“We feel like they made a conscious choice not to do anything about it,” he said.
I’m not sure which I was more afraid of people discovering.” These days, Mr. Avery is a member of a group of gay men who meet regularly to discuss the latest comics.
Scott Borchetta , the chief executive of Big Machine Records, which releases music by Taylor Swift and other artists, also donated $100,000 to the telethon, which will benefit the Community Foundation of Middle Tennessee.
It was incubated in 2007 at a Minneapolis agency named Olson and has since become a 501(c)3, meaning that it is a nonprofit organization to which contributions are tax-deductible.
But political corruption has not threatened a vibrant democracy there.
The group placed another reef in the Navesink River, in Monmouth County.
“In a new international landscape, the role of nuclear weapons has changed,” said Richard Burt, chairman of the Global Zero Initiative in Washington and a veteran U.S. arms control negotiator.
H. That’s O.K., we won’t be here long.
When Larry Scott took over as the commissioner of the Pacific-10 Conference in July 2009, he knew his league had a perception problem.
3 most-Googled term in the whole world over some stupid gag I played when I was 22 years old,” Ms. Ball said in a phone interview on Wednesday, the day after she lost her election.
All the proposals announced Wednesday are subject to a 60-day public comment period, and Mr. LaHood encouraged “common, ordinary citizens” to submit feedback online at Regulations.gov .
And if, as expected, the G.O.P.
Her late husband, Michael Aris, raised their two children in Britain.
The rain Friday at the Ryder Cup in Wales disrupted not only the matches, but also the television schedule.
Mr. Bernanke has told Congress that some additional fiscal stimulus could be helpful in supporting the recovery, as long as it was accompanied by a credible plan to gradually bring deficits under control and stabilize the ratio of debt to gross domestic product , the broadest measure of economic output.
Until then Mr. James (whose book was written with Martin Fitzpatrick) would have some wild times as one of Roulette’s golden boys.
The “Barefoot Bandit” is not all Colton Harris-Moore has been called in his short splash of life.
But we were really concerned about the actual stability of the piece.”
PhoneTag also allows users to drop down to a $10 monthly subscription, but for that price it transcribes 40 messages.
One night I went to the Hotel Pennsylvania’s Cafe Rouge, where Glenn Miller was playing.
Experts said eight deals have been signed between American and Russian companies since last year in preparation for the enactment of the cooperation agreement opening the door to collaboration.
Preheat the oven to 350 degrees.
Stuckey, a second-year guard from Eastern Washington, missed two games in 2008 with dizziness.
“I just thought we needed something fresh and new, especially in this environment,” Mr. Ragusa said, but he added that he would support his party’s nominee.
He studied piano as a child and was drawn to opera early through the Saturday afternoon radio broadcasts of the Metropolitan Opera.
Through July 31, 83 East Main Street (main stage), Stockbridge, Mass.
“It was his confidence that attracted me from the get-go,” she said.
Death is, in fact, the unexpected theme of this biography, and it emerges in the most unexpected places.
Lee Kun-hee , the former chairman of Samsung who was convicted of corruption last August but pardoned by President Lee Myung-bak four months later to help a campaign for the 2018 Winter Olympics, returned to the helm of Samsung Electronics on Wednesday.
On Tuesday, she worked in company with a stablemate, going a modest 1:13 3/5 for six furlongs.
(THL also owns a little over 4 percent of Fidelity National.)
The passion and excitement were no longer there.
The ode to amber in the Armani Privé show was a rich and tinted version of the beige that the designer has always loved.
Since the Soviet Union’s collapse in 1991, a total of 74 children have been adopted — an average of about four a year, said the director, Ms. Slusareva, who plays no role in their placement.
I saw the whole beginning of the century.''
Mr. Obama, in a speech to the A.F.L.-C.I.O.
Another aspect that can't be overlooked is the ''Sopranos''-like element of Mediterranean (in this case, Armenian) ethnicity; it characterizes the sisters' brunet aesthetic and also the tone of the show, which is anything but Presbyterian-genteel.
It’ll be disappointing.” It is not just in creative matters that Jagger insists on his “input.” His beady oversight of the Rolling Stones ’ financial affairs has, famously, helped make the band one of the richest in rock ’n’ roll history.
Fund-raising demands and the ease of traveling back to their districts typically leave them racing out of the Capitol, away from their colleagues, once floor votes have concluded.
Mrs. Aung San Suu Kyi remains a potent symbol for many people who oppose military rule in Myanmar, although the National League for Democracy has withered since 1990 when the generals canceled the results of the party’s landslide victory.
He scoffed at the notion that he cared that critics viewed him as a puppet manipulated by his strong-willed vice president, Dick Cheney , then kept underscoring ways he had defied his No.
The book’s nine episodes — “stories” in the German title — orbit a neurotic writer, Leo Richter, described in one passage as “the author of intricate short stories full of complicated mirror effects and unpredictable shifts and swerves.” Kehlmann’s stories likewise intertwine, often via multiple strands.
Lawyers for the three in Virginia either declined comment or could not be reached for comment.
I shouldn’t have gotten married.” Toronto’s playoff chances were whittled away as they lost five of six games before Wednesday.
“We have to move the country in a fundamental, dramatic way.” In a Congress controlled by Democrats, that could be a struggle.
Mr. Plater should know: he spent two years heading the legal task force of the Alaska oil spill commission after the Exxon Valdez oil tanker disaster in 1989.
The company’s chief executive, Aleksei B. Miller, had hailed the project’s boldness, asking residents to accept it as a new symbol for the city, alongside historic buildings including the Admiralty, St. Isaac’s Church and the Peter and Paul Cathedral.
It’s only as people arrive at their destination that they will become aware of the degree to which everything has been engineered for high-function, low-consumption performance.
“It was a diversion.” At Mr. Freeman’s home, his mother, Jennifer Freeman, 49, said through tears: “He was a good kid.
To replace the cuts, Assembly Democrats are proposing to borrow $2 billion, a move that Senate Democrats have balked at.
Analysts had expected UBS, the largest wealth manager in Switzerland, to report a profit of 326 million francs.
ERIC SOMMER,ISRAEL I’m with you.
Still, the session had distinct echoes of former President George W. Bush’s three efforts to corral Chinese support for United Nations Security Council penalties intended to make it prohibitively expensive for Iranian leaders to enrich uranium and to refuse to answer the questions posed by international nuclear inspectors.
It has undermined Americans’ confidence and made it far too easy for Mr. Karzai to ignore Washington’s advice and demands.
Team officials have talked about the need for a new stadium to attract fans.
Labor’s role is especially important to the Democrats because it succeeded in 2008 in making inroads with a crucial demographic: blue-collar white men.
Marc Freedman, founderof Civic Ventures, a groupbased in San Francisco,striking a cautionary noteabout starting a business.
In addition, the buy/sell agreement should cover how partners who leave through retirement or disputes will be paid.
We said, ‘What about Rose?’ He said, ‘We’ll look for her, but, you know, you will hear from them first.’ ” The kidnappers used Rose’s cellphone to call.
WEARING both hiking boots and nightclothes, blearily rubbing the sleep from our eyes, we jerked and bumped our way by jeep across the Rupununi savannah of southwestern Guyana.
While graduation rates have risen over all, for example, the rates for special education students have remained stubbornly low — fewer than 25 percent received a regular diploma last year, compared with more than double that for traditional students.
“I talk to our guys and I encourage them,” Girardi said.
He had just left the courthouse, where he was taken after being arrested about 3 p.m. the day before.
Representative Eric Cantor of Virginia will serve as majority leader for the Republican Party.
Meanwhile, the English continue their search for the next Tim Henman, a four-time semifinalist at Wimbledon.
MSNBC and Fox News interlaced regular evening programs like “Countdown With Keith Olbermann” and “The O’Reilly Factor” with the latest developments.
I try and just do what feels right.''
So no one can be sure exactly how to prevent it.
Accepting even the lowest set of figures for Bangladesh forces a horrifying comparison — the 1992-95 Bosnian war saw one-tenth the number of rapes as did the Bangladesh war.
The bridegroom’s parents work at the Marina Bay Sands casino there.
Their subcritical operation would be inherently safe because an accelerator can simply be switched off.
There’s abundant evidence that while bombs harden hearts, schooling, over time, can transform them.
20100603 WATERFRONT FILM SERIES Thursday at 8 p.m., an outdoor screening of the 1957 film “Slaughter on Tenth Avenue,” starring Walter Matthau.
“I have a bad feeling, because our family house is two stories.
“That being said, if a soap contract were offered to me, I might have a completely different story.
The good news is that by moving now, it will be allowed under German takeover rules to offer a rather low price.
Strangelove”; Xavier, himself a Morgan Freeman character waiting to happen, suggests that Naomi Watts should play Dara in the feature version of their African adventure.)
they will play these games to further their own ends.” Weil comes off at times as something of the villain of the piece, painted first as a hypocritical snitch, later as an evangelist for pharmaceutical possibility who helped the ’90s mainstream culture catch up with the ’60s counterculture and made a mint doing it.
She left the room shouting a lie to everyone in earshot, that the young Feiffer had broken his brand-new gift.
Fitch Ratings warned in a report on Wednesday that Chinese banks were increasingly engaging in complex transactions that disguised the size and nature of their lending, obscuring hundreds of billions of dollars in loans and possibly even masking a coming wave of bad real estate and infrastructure loans.
However, the LR4 has yet to be crash-tested by either the federal government or the Insurance Institute for Highway Safety.
Thankfully, eight are still with us — Duke Snider, Don Newcombe, Carl Erskine, Don Zimmer, George Shuba, Roger Craig, Ed Roebuck and Sandy Koufax, a bonus-baby rookie with a 2-2 record that season.
“I bet this goes on for another five years,” said Mr. Parent, the owner of La Petite France Café, as he unwrapped cheese behind the counter on Wednesday afternoon.
Shortly after that, my husband was moved to another ward.
He entertains friends and works there, but he says that ''I sleep there only when I don't want to drive to the one-bedroom apartment I have down the street.''
His record since leaving Toronto, he insisted, was mostly because of strong assistants and field managers.
On the evening of Dec. 15, 1979, Mr. Haney and Mr. Abbott, who was then a sportswriter for The Canadian Press, were playing Scrabble.
And that is, apparently, her plan.
We extend our heartfelt sympathy to the Elliott family and all of Glenn's loved ones during this time of great sadness.
On Friday, The Associated Press quoted the brother as saying he had come to Beijing from his home in Shaanxi Province to seek one of the officers who had led Mr. Gao away.
Surely they deserved to win.
A United States statement said several American service members were injured in an explosion at a joint United States-Afghan outpost in Paktia but gave no further details.
Even as they pour their energies into taking museum resources to the classroom, some museum educators worry about how the shift might affect long-term attendance.
Yormark is a relentless marketer trying to sell a miserable team that will move to Newark in the fall and to Brooklyn two years or more after that.
And if there is a God, and he answers earnest prayers, then he will do one small thing that will complete my life in 2012: He will nudge the endlessly embarrassing Michael Steele into the race.
He has 11 points during the winning streak.
It’s a responsive, compact color touch-screen remote (about the size of an iPhone) — and it offers Twin View.
Their behavior demonstrates a sense of entitlement and egotism that makes my blood boil.
A third of Belarus was contaminated with radiation when a reactor at Chernobyl in neighboring Ukraine blew up in 1986.
Upstairs, her neighbor walks on hardwood floors in heels.
In his Commons statement, Mr. Cameron said that there would be “no cut whatsoever” in financing for the Afghan effort, and that he had “heeded” Britain’s defense chiefs every time they had warned him that a proposed reduction might hinder the war effort.
“Previous governments built in Jewish neighborhoods according to the new map and avoided construction in Arab neighborhoods,” Mr. Peres said.
He can sign a minor league contract, which Takahashi would probably not do, but cannot be called up to the majors until May 15.
He is survived by his wife, Suzi; a daughter, Booth Calder; and three sons, all from his first marriage: Garland Perry Cochran Jr., James Lee Cochran and Daniel Cochran.
Generally, states regulate their roadways — which is why, safety advocates say, the actions of state lawmakers play such a critical role in addressing the issue.
Either way, Mr. Lynn added guts to signature simplicity.
Born in Greenwich, CT to the late Joseph and Josephine Garibaldi Ziluca September 26, 1929.
Transfer the tomatoes with a slotted spoon to a bowl of cold water.
The commissioner was asked by a reporter about protest signs that warned New Yorkers, “Don’t be conned by Sadik-Khan.” “Lot of marketing talent there in Prospect Park,” Ms. Sadik-Khan said.
When Will Copeland, hoping to make it to the Olympics, was introduced as a former all-American at California as he stood in the blocks for the 100-yard butterfly, he felt, he said, “a little overmatched” after hearing Phelps introduced as a 14-time gold medal winner.
Some awkward banter followed — neither man seemed to know whether to play the fan role or the celebrity one — and ended with a confession.
One son, a 12-year-old, refused.
The impact of this long-ago event continues to be felt today.
“It really is a new G.M.,” Mr. Whiston said.
Like Forte, Mathews is versatile, and that may be his greatest asset: he's a good enough receiver to line up in the slot, he can pass protect, and he's durable enough to soak up carries at the end of a victory.
“The traditional American marriage is in crisis, and we need insight,” he said, citing the fresh perspective gay couples bring to matrimony.
Part ’30s vaudeville, part Grand Ole Opry, the stage has been graced with everything from Broadway musicals to bluegrass bands, and is the hub of the Telluride Film Festival, in its 37th year (held Sept. 3 to 6 this year).
This is one reason brain injuries, some described here, have always been so horrifyingly illuminating: they reveal that mysterious interface between biology and experience.
Its five-year annualized performance of 7.9 percent outpaces the S.& P. Total Return Index of negative 0.8 percent during the same period.
Mr. Yang ''emphasized that the Chinese government's determination to safeguard the sovereignty of the Diaoyu Islands and the nation's people is firm and steadfast,'' it said.
Not only did New York City top the list, but it also ranked No.
But I am sure I won’t see any benefits from such mines in my life and neither will you in yours.
He was 87 years old.
As the rough patches of ice became smaller, the turns got sharper.
It was his 10th goal of the year.
“We feel like prisoners,” Jean Robenson, 17, said at the time as he tended to his grandmother in her wheelchair.
ST. JOHN’S 69, WAGNER 61 D. J. Kennedy scored 20 points off the bench for St. John’s (5-1), which scored 21 points off 21 Wagner turnovers in its fifth straight win.
It's nostalgic for a lot of people.''
Off to play Brooklyn — or so we thought.
They defeated Eduardo Schwank and Horacio Zeballos, 7-6 (5), 6-4, to advance to their first Grand Slam final.
The delay meant that more oil was pushed farther onto beaches in the past week.
But the government says it is trying to address the problem.
AN outpost 30 miles from the city where children walk to school on sidewalks lined with trees; where lovingly refurbished Victorians have old-fashioned front porches; where shopkeepers greet longtime customers by name: The 1.8-square-mile village of Pleasantville pretty much lives up to the qualities implied by its name.
It was hopeful to see the strong voter turnout — 62 percent — and the fact that some of the largest percentage of voting occurred in regions, like Kirkuk and Nineveh Provinces, that are hotly disputed.
The question now is whether the measure can survive in the House.
Such programs often appeared on the store’s list of most-downloaded apps.
Nonetheless, she said she did not think the solution was an all-woman party.
Then inspect the corners inside the dishwasher and the gasket around the door for cracks and food buildup.
Andrew Garthwaite, a strategist at Credit Suisse, wrote in a research report that European banks held up to $1.3 trillion of Greek, Spanish and Portuguese debt that was at risk.
“Of course when you have newer, better capacity, the old capacity might not go offline, so I think the government is trying to stamp that out,” Mr. Peng said.
And South African fans will undoubtedly be blowing their vuvuzelas, which are ubiquitous at South African soccer games, proudly, joyously, defiantly.
We will miss his good counsel, dedicated support and gracious presence.
Widespread Panic has always been one of the earthier stalwarts on the jam band circuit, favoring classic-rock conventions with a Southern slant.
“People think it is a romantic notion to buy a castle — and, yes, it is a purchase of the heart, a trophy, for the bankers with their big bonuses, who we are finding are back on track after 18 quiet months.” However, he added, it also is a purchase that makes commercial sense, because the lack of supply of country houses and estates helps to maintain value.
How can we harness this in New York in an urban environment?” Tall, soaring wind turbines are increasingly scattered on America’s hillsides, and the Port Authority of New York and New Jersey has long-range plans to build farms of giant pinwheels miles out in the Atlantic or on the New Jersey side of New York Harbor.
The guys were Seth Meyer and John Wells.
They were also heavily criticized by legal scholars, and some critics have called for Mr. Yoo to be fired from the University of California, Berkeley, where he is a tenured law professor, and for Judge Bybee to be impeached.
Nobody here was in a hurry.
“She is very innocent, very unspoiled.
When she was 6, her younger brother, John Bucholtz, then a year old, opened the dining room window of the family’s apartment and fell two stories, causing traumatic brain damage that persists to this day.
The National Institutes of Health is proposing to expand its definition of human embryonic stem cells , enabling the university researchers it finances to work with cells derived from a very early human egg.
The duo must have been terrific together; Margret Rey explained how she would often act out George’s gestures as her husband drew.
We don’t want to be self-serving or to be associated with anyone’s political agenda.
The “Journal” was financed on a year-to-year basis by foundations and one corporation, the Mutual of America life insurance company.
It wasn’t until his eyesight started getting worse that we realized what a significant thing it would be for us.” McKeever said his relationship with his brother improved as his eyesight weakened.
There’s a mild strain of its legacy in current popular music, for example the chipper, quirky pop of Ingrid Michaelson and Sara Bareilles, both of whom performed on some of this summer’s Lilith dates.
What’s more, the Department of Justice’s Office of Juvenile Justice and Delinquency Prevention concluded that girls’ supposed “violent crime increase” in the ’80s and ’90s resulted from new laws and policies mandating arrests for domestic violence and minor youth offenses “that in past years may have been classified as status offenses (e.g., incorrigibility)” but “can now result in an assault arrest.” Thus, the Justice Department found, increased numbers of arrests “are not always related to actual increases in crime.” This mythical wave of girls’ violence and meanness is, in the end, contradicted by reams of evidence from almost every available and reliable source.
Patrons pay anywhere from $5 to $20 for a token for the coin slot and in return receive a small work of art.
But among the many studies that evaluated death from heart problems, some did not separate stress and noise from air pollution as a cause, it said.
Four women sitting outside one home said the Hongzhou Group was offering less than $20 a square foot as compensation.
Shards keep turning up that suggest how communities experimented with forms.
Some people think that boys are hard-wired so that they learn more slowly, perhaps because they evolved to fight off wolves more than to raise their hands in classrooms.
Metropolitan Museum of Art, 1000 Fifth Avenue (82nd Street); brazilfoundation.org ; tonight, 6:30; invitation only.
“On the other hand, if you drop weight you get exactly the opposite.
Mr. Gigih, 22, hopes the program will help him stand out from the competition after he graduates next year.
He is now preparing a permanent home for the videos .
The appeals court reversed that decision, finding that the link between marketing Zyprexa to doctors and the injury claimed by the payers was “attenuated.” “Crucially, the third-party payers do not allege that they relied on Lilly’s misrepresentations — the misrepresentations at issue were ‘directed through mailings and otherwise at doctors,’ ” the appeals court said.
“Jay and Randy were setting up meetings with different teams,” Falcons Coach Mike Smith said.
In lieu of flowers, donations on her behalf can be made to the to St. Jude Children's Research Hospital, 1 St. Jude Place Building, P.O.
PARIS ON Nov. 12, President Nicolas Sarkozy of France takes over for a year as president of the Group of 20 , which brings together developing countries like China and Brazil and more advanced nations.
It won’t last for now another three days now.
Mr. Allawi is supposed to be the chairman, although he has not publicly agreed.
He also has diabetes and high blood pressure.
A light and lively chair for fun in the sun.
He graduated from Union College and received a law degree from Stanford.
The meeting also produced some very welcome “deliverables.” Ukraine said it would get rid of its highly enriched uranium, left over from dismantled Soviet-era weapons.
The Bush administration later bolstered the aid to $350 million, and sent Colin L. Powell, then the secretary of state, to the region to assess the damage.
Kermode will be remembered for many books, including “The Sense of an Ending” (1967), “The Classic” (1975), and “Shakespeare’s Language” (2000).
Mr. Bakiyev’s presence in Belarus could also strain relations with the provisional government in Kyrgyzstan.
The only way to get that number is by including “small businesses” like some major law firms, investment funds, actors and athletes — hardly Main Street.
“They’re hanging out, taking up seat space,” Ms. McCarthy said in her office on the Ocean Campus.
Those at the front included Mr. Ricci, the Bahamas-bound martial arts instructor; Florinda Fuentes, who needed to renew her passport to attend the wedding of her daughter Ofelia Perez on Dominica; and Mathias and Maria Ologbosele, bound for a family funeral in Nigeria, who needed passports for their daughters, Eghe, 4, and Eseose, 2.
In an e-mail message, Mr. Child said he stood by the column, but added: ''I hope I'm wrong.
Kirkpatrick Chapel, Rutgers University, George and Somerset Streets.
Mr. Obama’s endorsement of the Rhode Island board’s tough action infuriated many of the four million members of the two national teachers’ unions, thousands of whom campaigned vigorously for him in 2008.
The $370,000, two year project was started in February and is financed by the city of Nottingham, the University of Nottingham and philanthropic donations.
Wie was much happier with his performance Saturday, saying he got off to a “really great start and made a couple of birdies, and Liang really put us on top after that.” However, Europe got even again when the Swedish pair of Robert Karlsson and Alexander Noren had a dominant 6-and-4 win against the Japanese teenage sensation Ryo Ishikawa and his countryman Koukei Oda, preventing the Asia pair from taking a single hole.
The chairman of the Republican National Committee meets with Free Time leaders and is “deeply impressed.” Democrats, meanwhile, are silent, confused, disheartened by the fact that Free Time has a 23 percent approval rate in some polls.
Thursdays through Sundays, noon to 6 p.m., and by appointment.
But independent, suburban voters in several other parts of the Northeast voted Republican in November after trending Democratic for years, ousting Gov.
The proposal is tougher than tax cap efforts in some other states, allowing only “narrow, limited exemptions” to the cap, like for large legal settlements and extraordinary capital expenditures.
Fewer than a third of eligible voters cast ballots in the elections, and there was so much fraud that the proportion is likely to have been even lower.
The new coating — a transparent, electrically sensitive material — is applied on a glass or clear plastic sheet covering the solar panel.
The shift, driven by customers looking to include friends on trips who had recently graduated and parents who wanted for themselves the deals they found for their kids, comes at a time of rising travel costs.
The roofline falls sweetly, buttressed by strong, sweeping rear pillars.
Rolle also discussed his statements with Justin Tuck, the soft-spoken defensive end who was elected a captain in September and has been encouraged to take a greater leadership role.
New wealth is earned, and if you can get it, there is going to be a great deal of control.”
He first ran for Parliament in 1997.
The attackers were a breakaway group of the Democratic Karen Buddhist Army, which has given up a longstanding demand for independence and is now seeking autonomy under the umbrella of the government.
Better to look at all 7,000 ourselves.
Instead, he announced that he was leaving to pitch in the United States before he knew if any teams wanted him.
While most of the pardon recipients had green cards, one, Sanjay Broomfield, was a legal immigrant whose past conviction had blocked his application for a green card.
That would not end the debate over scientific and engineering issues related to the project, which is markedly different from the waste burial strategy being pursued in other countries.
Only an infusion of federal stimulus money allowed many states to avert deep layoffs last year.
The Red Sox snapped a five-game losing streak despite allowing the Rangers to steal a club record nine bases.
With a career that has taken him from Marc Jacobs through Louis Vuitton to Burberry, the designer now has his own collection, inspired this season by the shiny, streamlined shapes of Porsches.
The doctrine was the focus of the 6-to-5 ruling by an appeals court in California last week.
The year-round ferries leave only twice a week; along the way, they deposit riders at stilted homes carved out of the lush understory.
It’s God-consciousness in my face.” But there were secular motivations, too.
Fidelity National’s largest stakeholder is Warburg Pincus, which gained a nearly 11 percent stake after Fidelity National merged with Metavante Technologies last year.
James Martin, a Jesuit and the culture editor of America , a Catholic weekly magazine.
Mr. Wells reiterated that a second collection system, involving hoses at the wellhead, would be implemented “by the middle of June.” That oil would be collected by another rig with the ability to handle at least 5,000 barrels a day, he said.
The mountain resort of Pyeongchang, about 100 miles east of Seoul, South Korea, is seen as a likely front-runner to host the 2018 Winter Games when members of the International Olympic Committee vote on the site next July.
Robby Adamson earned his third and final international master norms in Arizona, and Conrad Holt and Keaton Kiewra earned international master norms.
This simple recipe: The novelist William Maxwell’s bright center of heaven, as undemanding as grass.
But he said the government’s first step would probably be to set limits on how much BPA can be released into the air or water by factories that use the compound.
Sean Forman is the creator of Baseball-Reference.com, an online baseball encyclopedia of players, teams and box scores in the major and minor leagues.
The agency has now ordered that dozens of drugs be sold only with special restrictions.
''Christine O'Donnell's not afraid to stand up to the party bosses and power brokers.''
Among other things, he emphasized the “upstream factors,” meaning the conditions that fuel extremism, and vowed to promote “a political, economic and social campaign to meet the basic needs and legitimate grievances of ordinary people — security for their communities, education for children, a job and income for parents and a sense of dignity and worth.” But something else was happening inside the White House.
Nordoueste (Lungomare C. Colombo) is a child-friendly and often crowded seafood restaurant at the port in Calasetta.
NO one has been indicted yet, and some of the accused have accused General Susno himself of accepting bribes.
Even professional pest control operators are struggling to keep up, because bedbugs have become, for the most part, resistant to the old pesticides that once were so effective, and relatively few viable chemical alternatives exist.
THE CROWD Couples, families and friends and groups of all ages.
In the meantime, he is looking for senior housing.
Cleveland presents one of classical music’s great anomalies: a top international orchestra in a shrinking city, an ensemble in a Rust Belt town that plays with the greatest of ease among the Viennese.
HEART OF THE ARTICHOKE AND OTHER KITCHEN JOURNEYS.
SENATE Washington has become a battlefield, with independent groups pouring $20 million into advertising in the last few months.
It was discovered in an over-the-counter nutritional supplement she was taking.
But as the veteran population at Columbia expands, so, too, will its needs.
Fortunately, the would-be terrorist was the only fatality.
In 2003, as Michael H. Bill Jr. was taking over MJ Insurance from his father, he brought in five top employees of the Indianapolis-based company as minority owners.
After losing at home to Oklahoma City on Friday night, the Clippers fizzled in the second half, scoring 13 points in the fourth quarter.
Ms. Kaufmann attracted a number of investors willing to put up $100 million to help buy half a dozen factories across the United States.
In May, Reliance Natural lost a case before by India’s highest court in a dispute with Reliance Industries, controlled by Mukesh Ambani .
Riders on the Raritan Valley line, which runs to Raritan Station out of Pennsylvania Station in Newark, would see the biggest drop in round-trip travel time in the state, since the new tunnel would directly serve that area.
She was until June a vice president and counsel at the State Street Bank and Trust Company in Boston.
The combination of mediums is of-the-moment too: works on paper, a couple of videos and a scattering of blank, mysterious objects.
Half of those infants subsequently died.
Along with traveling to Atlantic City to gamble, Samuels also enjoyed friendly betting with friends.
And pigeons.” Outfit members frequently tackle major news stories on the blog.
In the ’80s, doing market research for the Franklin Mint, she had to research crèches.
In the real estate industry, it’s relatively easy because even though it consists of $5 trillion to $6 trillion of assets, it’s a relatively closed industry.
She says she hopes to earn a private scholarship for grad school, which would buy time for the Dream Act to pass, after which she could be employed legally.
My friend, Mary Elizabeth Williams, 44, lives in Inwood, with two young daughters, in a six-story building like mine.
“We do,” Mr. Marongiu replied.
The approach was jettisoned by President Lee, who took office in early 2008, vowing to cut off aid and exchanges until the North agreed to give up its nuclear weapons program.
Fleming neither fit nor broke the mold of a studio director.
Then, in a start, both tree and sky came to life.
The most inspiring Pakistani I met on this trip wasn’t a prominent official but a 17-year-old girl.
It includes two plants, one in Painesville, Ohio, with 70 employees, and one in Wales, with 24.
Planning a daylong stopover on her way from Los Angeles, where she now lives, to pick up her son from camp in Maine and to meet with her publisher about her new novel, “My Hollywood,” the writer, still best known for her blockbuster debut , “Anywhere but Here,” intended to make the most of her time in the city.
It has said it intends to sell one of the two carriers within three years of its entering service, and does not expect the second to be operational, with aircraft, before 2020.
Although most of the ambivalence Almond documents is of the nonpsychotic variety, she can veer toward the hyperbolic.
Studies in which researchers inflated balloons in children’s intestines suggested that those with functional abdominal pain might be unusually sensitive to any distension on the inside.
“It’s difficult to point to a shock that would be bad enough to put the economy back into a recession,” he said.
She has said, however, according to people with knowledge of her account, that she felt that Major Day was discouraging her from going forward with the case.
When he was here, we knew he was very talented, we knew he was very smart.
Mrs. Morgan and several others who were “walked” to the Hilton on Thanksgiving week posted complaints about their treatment on the hotel reviews section of TripAdvisor.com .
That could force the administration to revive the very option that the president and Attorney General Eric H. Holder Jr. had rejected: military commissions at Guantánamo for the 9/11 plotters.
(“There’s a ton of kids in Mexico who love this kind of music, but they’ll never be able to see them,” he said.
In the review process for the 2007 report, some 90,000 comments were submitted.
Within hours of the Mets' needing to make a roster move, Perez was put on the 15-day disabled list with knee tendinitis in time for the Mets to activate Jon Niese.
The Walt Disney Company shook up its underperforming Internet and gaming division on Sunday, effectively splitting the unit in two and tapping two outsiders to lead the businesses.
By contrast, Japan has never filed a W.T.O.
7 p.m. 3) DOWNTOWN DRUMMING There may be 10 onlookers for every drummer at the long-running Friday night drum circle in triangular Pritchard Park (College Street and Patton Avenue) — and there are plenty of drummers.
The moment the door is closed, that item has perished.” So the airlines are imposing more restrictive booking policies.
The rollicking success of the N.H.L.
Boise, Idaho MY wife grows things: children, cucumbers, dahlias.
But South converted to three diamonds.
Sugar is the latest to join the craze over group shopping, made popular by sites like Groupon and LivingSocial.
“On the Internet,” she added, “even if the tracker doesn’t know your name, you are not anonymous.” She pointed to technology like so-called cookies and other persistent, digital identifiers that “are essentially personally identifying information.” Putting in place a do-not- track system would probably require Congressional action.
1 regional seed since 1998 and will open the tournament on its campus against U.C.
The drill is simple: Three or so directors — not chosen by chance — are bombarded for a few hours before a board meeting with pay statistics that perpetually ratchet upward.
In “Half Nelson” and “The Hurt Locker” he supported more demonstrative lead performers (Ryan Gosling and Jeremy Renner) without yielding ground to them, and it is with a similar mixture of generosity and self-confidence that he anchors a solid ensemble here.
And ex-coaches.” But his own imprint on UConn’s success, his demand for an unyielding commitment to greatness, cannot be overestimated.
Kings of Leon is not the best of a coterie of similar bands, all of which were fighting to be heard and to make their outré sound respectable, with this one scoring a Darwinian victory.
“We feel like he’ll be able to satisfy the military obligation without missing time with us,” Indians General Manager Mark Shapiro said.
In 1786, Jefferson met with an envoy of the sultan of Tripoli, who advanced the rather un-Jeffersonian theory that his pirates were not only permitted, but required to make war on unbelievers, and to enslave all of their prisoners.
So begins Kelly D. Brownell in “The Psychology, Biology and Politics of Food,” his Yale class videotaped in fall 2008.
“My grandmother’s brother was a czarist officer who defended the Kremlin during the revolution,” said Elisabeth Apraxine, a Belgian and a descendant of White Russian émigrés.
The campaign reported having raised more than half a million dollars as of Jan. 13, in a filing to the Federal Election Commission.
While regularly reminding us (and maybe himself) of Churchill’s greatness, Hastings describes one lamentable mistake after another.
“It’s a perfectly legal result under Virginia law,” Mr. Pittman said.
In closely watched Massachusetts, even those who see the common core standards as a comedown for a state whose students score highly on national assessment tests say they have lost the battle.
“There was always a question about how fast they could go,” James P. Womack, an author and expert on Toyota’s manufacturing methods, said of the automaker’s growth.
American officials say they favor more person-to-person contacts with Cuba, despite a lack of progress since President Obama took office toward ending decades of political animosity.
Meanwhile, North Korea’s nuclear program has provided a new urgency to regional dialogue, encouraging Japan to step out from behind the shadow of U.S. power.
In a country where the press is tightly managed by the state, the identical editorials that appeared Monday in more than a dozen publications calling for reform of China’s onerous household registration system were noteworthy.
Ms. Johnson (on the topic of pink): I usually do the ceiling, but that gets a little overwhelming.
After all, Ms. Ringgold was working against the grain of ’60s New York art by making figurative paintings.
Kevin Towers, the former San Diego general manager, said he was sure Hoffman would figure out something.
For teenagers, the numbers are 17 a day, or more than 6,000 a year.
None of them had a valuable season after age 33, and most flamed out well before that.
The main criticism from environmental groups is that the cap on emissions is too lax — in fact, power suppliers have easily met their caps, and carbon credits are trading at bottom-level prices, because plants are taking advantage of cheap prices for natural gas, which pollutes less than fuel sources like coal.
After their pleas, the Department of Health and Human Services barred the three men for 20 years from doing business with Medicare or other taxpayer-financed health care program.
Lax’s faith frayed further with the death of his father, when Lax was in his 30s.
It can be quite expensive and invasive to retrofit one into a home.
Mr. Jacobsen invited the audience to dance along to two waltzes by Shostakovich: the first from his score for the 1948 Soviet film “Michurin” and the second, used in the 1999 film “Eyes Wide Shut,” from his Suite for Variety Orchestra.
“He beat me and used me like clothes — he washed me or soiled me.
“Brian got a tough break.
Working in tandem to prepare for the Paralympics, he explained, has brought them closer.
We were hoping to get off at the Port Authority for quick access to a subway line.
ABC said Ms. Amanpour would also anchor documentaries about “international subjects.”
At the beginning of your career, did anyone suggest you dye your natural red hair blond, as, say, Nicole Kidman did?
“I never want to go through that again,” she said.
On our last day in the house, we decided to explore the northern part of the peninsula, and in particular Knidos, with its ancient Hellenic-period amphitheater — now a casually kept archaeological site.
He hit three last season, one of them inside the park.
By acclaim, the winner of the last St. Michael talent show was Crystal Alvarez, a freshman who by Mr. Duff’s account is one of the most talented singers ever to attend the school.
“I used to do that routine about my daughter being a hippie with the dirty sneakers and dirty blue jeans, but why a beard?” Ms. Carroll said in an interview in “Funny Women: American Comediennes, 1860-1985” (McFarland, 1987), by Mary Unterbrink.
The last person elected to the Senate as a write-in candidate was Strom Thurmond of South Carolina in 1954.
It’s a great feeling, a feeling like home.” The bantering among the five is vivid and wide ranging.
These funds were selected to receive allocations of tax credits by the Treasury Department through a competitive process.
International, said in a telephone interview from Geneva.
Since June, 7 to 10 volunteers converge on their house once a month to pick up and distribute 10,000 diapers to social-service agencies and food banks.
A Memorial Service will be held on Friday, December 3, at 3pm at The First Presbyterian Church of Lake Forest, 700 North Sheridan Rd, Lake Forest, IL.
Rebecca Borné, policy counsel for the Center for Responsible Lending, said banks still had “tremendous incentive to get as many consumers to opt in as possible.” That is because new Federal Reserve regulations taking effect this summer would still allow banks to charge high fees for overdraft, with no limit on the number of times they impose the penalty.
(If some of these names and situations sound familiar, it’s because Howard Hawks, who some sources say was an uncredited writer on “Underworld,” recycled them for his 1959 “Rio Bravo” ).
Last week, with the Metrodome still unusable, the Vikings played their home game against the Bears at the University of Minnesota’s outdoor stadium.
Once, most journalists took a posture of willful ignorance when it came to the economics of the industry: they never wanted to sully themselves by knowing the business.
It is his record in the five-day test, the oldest and still most prestigious format, that truly underlines his standing.
Fannie Mae and Freddie Mac took over a foreclosed home roughly every 90 seconds during the first three months of the year.
The number of students qualifying for gifted kindergarten programs in New York City public school districts rose by 10 percent this year, and those qualifying for the elite citywide program jumped by a third, raising the possibility that parents and their children have begun to master an admission process that was retooled three years ago.
The jet will also be equipped with a state-of-the art encrypted communications system for voice and Internet as well as an anti-missile decoy system to protect it from a terrorist attack.
“It was a little recess playground.
According to the United States Soccer Federation media guide, he lists Roy Keane of Ireland as the player he most admires.
Southern states like Alabama, Louisiana and Tennessee still have big gender gaps, while Northern states like Maine, Minnesota, New Hampshire, Pennsylvania and Vermont are closer to parity.
“It calls for violent revolution.
In top suburban schools across the country, the valedictorian, a beloved tradition, is rapidly losing its singular meaning as administrators dispense the title to every straight-A student rather than try to choose the best among them.
But Eunice won the five-year battle of competing narratives.
Here the stage is surrounded by stone-white walls through which we glimpse the spires of a temple.
If students tune out and stay home it will also carry a profound message for American society about a generation that seemed so ready, so recently, to grab national politics by the lapels and shake.
The company has temporarily closed the Fort Washington plant for an upgrade.
20100722 ‘West Side Story’ Romeo on Juliet’s fire escape, once again (2:35).
And at $800, it’s priced like one as well.
Israeli and Palestinian leaders are skeptical that the other side will really accept a two-state solution.
The national team coach, Uwe Krupp, called him to the Olympic team.
The product is fashiony but lasts forever, and I like creating heirlooms.” Miss Hillier says the creatures she creates were inspired by the British traditions of customization, a do-it-yourself spirit, punk style — and an Internet tutorial on turning humble paper clips into precious animal shapes.
Last year’s Monday final between Federer and Juan Martín del Potro drew 14.6 million viewers, or a 2.3 rating, a 118 percent improvement in viewers but still the second worst in history.
It charges $5 per spot.
The university announced Griffin’s decision in a statement, but no reason was given for her departure.
With eight new songs by Tim Rice.
Yet analysts expressed concern that most of the profit improvement came from a recovery in the finance business — not a robust performance from its high-technology industrial lines, including jet engines, medical imaging equipment and wind turbines .
His wife, however, said she had not heard from him.
Still, South Korean officials have carefully marshaled their evidence in hopes of securing international support for sanctions.
“I think the previous speakers have given class officers confidence to pitch any kind of speaker we want,” Ms. Pereira said.
Others have been murky and funky, yet nonetheless enchanting.
Except, Margot Tallmer interrupted, the shot-heard-round-the-world game may not have been on television, and they did not have one.
I’m a black man in America.
And Raj Kottamasu, a parks department manager who led the tour with two officials of the Staten Island Museum, said red-tailed hawk sightings were “pretty much guaranteed.” “It’s actually not uncommon to have a large bird population on a former landfill site,” he said.
Part of Ms. Baker and Mr. Gold’s achievement was in filling the silences with portent.
Robert Kennedy later disclosed that Mr. Dobrynin had remained calm through the crisis, analyzing options and speaking carefully.
Tuesdays through Sundays, 11 a.m. to 4:45 p.m. Nassau County Museum of Art, 1 Museum Drive.
Funeral service on Monday, March 8th at 10:30am, Plaza Jewish Community Chapel, 630 Amsterdam Ave., NY followed by internement at New Mt Zion/Hillside Cemetery in Lyndhurst, NJ.
“I think it will be fine.
Although developers say that tight credit has put the brakes on additional co-op construction, and although prostitution is a problem in Hunts Point, the area has nonetheless stabilized.
But among those who inject heroin, the rates are far higher.
She also watched some Balanchine dances on video.
Liberal economists in Beijing have been warning about the long-term dangers of this trend.
The answer will come from my coach.
My day’s over at midnight.
In the Preferences box, click on the Playback tab and turn on the checkbox next to Sound Check.
10 fragrance, which also comes in a scented hand cream, can be worn by both men and women and features cassis, bergamot, grapefruit, lavender, rosemary and ginger, among other ingredients.
But the proceeding was halted, and the people briefed on the case said that when it resumed on Tuesday, Mr. Kovacevic was expected to plead guilty to what amounts to an assault charge.
When Ángel Cabrera won the men’s Open here in 2007, he had 13 birdies and no eagles.
French cuisine in New York also meant La Grenouille where special celebrations were always held.
You might have thought Mr. Schick and company could not be topped, but then Mr. Gilbert and the Philharmonic turned up to show — as it did in Ligeti’s “Grande Macabre” a few weeks ago — what this orchestra can do when it steps away from the 19th-century canon.
Cherished nana of David, Beth, Alex and Jillian.
Let's see, should I take another $500 driver or these pretty socks?
Leaders of the Council of Europe, which established the human rights court, worked hard to convince Prime Minister Vladimir V. Putin and President Dmitri A. Medvedev that the reforms “had become a key link in the relationship,” said Thomas Hammarberg, the human rights commissioner at the council.
But there are also several much longer scenes, including one lasting more than seven minutes, that restore subplots completely eliminated from the Paramount version.
Though the exact starting point of the Alpe d’Huez climb has changed slightly over the years, the Italian rider Marco Pantani still holds the record at 37 minutes 35 seconds, set in 1997, as well as three of the unofficial top five times.
One sign of Mr. Ay’s even temper is that dishes are cooked properly: shish kebab ($17) is succulent; grilled trout ($17) is flaky and moist in a lemon-parsley marinade.
Monet said of these works, “I see that Sargent is engaged in this project and proceeds by imitating me.” Elsewhere, though, Sargent seems to have painted Impressionist subjects — lazy afternoons of boating, strolls by the water’s edge, naps in the shade — without fully embracing the movement.
The international championship features Japan against Taiwan on Saturday, and the World Series final will be Sunday.
Amid high security, and with the presence of some well-known conservative political figures like the former Spanish prime minister, Maria Aznar, and the former American ambassador to the United Nations, John Bolton, the crowd heard speeches condemning the Iranian regime of the ayatollahs and of President Mahmoud Ahmadinejad .
Robinson Cano of the Yankees finished third, and Toronto’s Jose Bautista, who earned the other first-place vote, came in fourth.
Furious that the Nisour Square case was dismissed, the Iraqi government said it might file civil suits in the United States and Iraq against Xe.
But happily, there’s a difference between hospitality and going to second base.
“The only thing I saw yesterday was that Strasburg throws harder.” During Prior’s rookie season in Chicago, in 2002, Yankees Manager Joe Girardi caught him.
All of the comments, however, went right to the heart of the criticism of all of the government’s bailout programs.
In Congress in 2005, Representative Roscoe G. Bartlett , Republican of Maryland, and Senator Tom Udall , a New Mexico Democrat who was a representative at the time, created the Congressional Peak Oil Caucus.
Because I found this amusing, I was then asked if I would like to try to run the drill myself.
If that kind of bounty sounds hard to believe, Mr. Torcellini has a YouTube channel to demonstrate it.
The people who molded around the first or second century A.D. the prehistoric looking figures from Muweis and the western metropolis at Meroe; the bronze makers who cast during the same period the small bust of a queen with black African features found in the Temple of Amon at el-Hassa; and the sculptor who carved the bas-relief of Isis in Egyptian style for King Amanitenmomide may have belonged to very different human groups.
I’m wandering through the forest with Brouillard, a master forager, and his girlfriend, the chef Nancy Hinton, near their restaurant, À la Table des Jardins Sauvages, in the Lanaudière region of Quebec , about a 45-minute drive northeast of Montreal .
SHORTLY after sunup, with the West Village beginning to exhale morning life, Jennifer Azlant sat pretzeled on the sidewalk, filling out forms.
At a conference on April 14, the M.T.A.
And you’ll go through a period when you run over every piece of debris on the racetrack and have every flat tire that’s caused by trash.
Artists earn 40 credits for each hour worked.
The second officer, however, was involved in an emergency and could not immediately respond to Officer Veneziano’s request that he check the vehicle’s license plate number, the police said.
The video clip has been circulated to wide hilarity here, where many people don’t understand the no-constitution constitution, either.
Dr. Ernest E. Hunt III, an Episcopal priest, performed the ceremony at All Souls Church in Onteora Park, N.Y. Ms. de la Selle, 26, is keeping her name.
His father is a broker at Economic Enterprises in Norwalk, Conn., helping buyers acquire businesses.
And you have to figure out who she is.
You’ll savor what a beach with almost no development looks like before it’s too late.
It smelled like a tide pool; it tasted worse.
In addition to reshaping the staff, officials say, Mr.
Last year, anemic sales led the developer, the RAL Companies , to lower prices by 3 percent to 35 percent and to start renting some units.
The art of obstetrics has saved countless lives over the last few centuries.
BMW engineers are fond of saying that electric vehicles do not need to represent “a rolling vow of poverty.” The company has not named a price for the new car, but it will be aimed at affluent drivers in urban areas who want to appear environmentally conscious.
“I think I love challenges, that’s the way I am,” she said.
The global stock rally on Wednesday got its start in Asia as an upbeat manufacturing report in China eased concerns that the Chinese economy could slow as it wrestled with inflation and soaring housing prices.
Amundsen said (with only a little bluster), “We did not suffer at all.” Scott, we learn, planned four stages in his 1,800-mile round-trip trek to the pole, involving 16 men, 22 dogs, 10 ponies, 12 sledges and 2 experimental motorized sledges.
By his own admission, a lot would have to go his way.
“It’s not like the old days, where we used to have to sneak in doing the I’m-on-the-phone-trick — which actually works.” MATT ABRAMCYK Alt Impresario Maybe it’s the difficult-to-pronounce name, but he’s been tagged as the “other guy” from the Beatrice Inn.
Despite contests for every statewide office for the first time in decades, a smaller share of eligible voters turned out two weeks ago in New York than in any other state.
Mr. Ingersoll was chairman and chief executive of the Chicago-based Borg-Warner Corporation when President Richard M. Nixon appointed him ambassador to Japan in 1972.
“No, no, no, you can’t do that, but how about Gold or Berger?” “No thanks,” I replied.
He attended the University of Adelaide, where he earned degrees in medicine and surgery in 1938.
MORRISTOWN Haggerty Education Center, Frelinghuysen Arboretum “Gingerbread Wonderland,” featuring elaborate handmade structures.
The Clementine logo is a black-and-white photograph of her grandmother in the 1930s, striking a fetching pose in a bathing suit.
On March 18, the station set a WGBH Radio record for a single day of on-air fund-raising, raising $102,001 from 1,190 supporters, Jeanne Hopkins, a spokeswoman, said.
“We don’t have to worry about inflation suddenly becoming a big problem,” said Nigel Gault, chief United States economist for IHS Global Insight.
The Pentagon assessed the danger WikiLeaks.org posed to the Army in a report marked “unauthorized disclosure subject to criminal sanctions.” It concluded that “WikiLeaks.org represents a potential force protection, counterintelligence, OPSEC and INFOSEC threat to the U.S. Army” — or, in plain English, a threat to Army operations and information.
Now it is expanding its options: it is tunneling under the bottom of Lake Mead to install a third intake valve that could continue operating until lake levels dropped below 1,000 feet.
The rotation of Peavy, Mark Buehrle, John Danks, Gavin Floyd and Freddy Garcia has not missed a start all season.
Michael Lackomar, a spokesman for the Southeast Michigan Volunteer Militia, said one of his team leaders got a telephone call on Saturday evening from members of Hutaree, a Christian militia group, who said their property in southeast Michigan was being raided by the Bureau of Alcohol, Tobacco, Firearms and Explosives .
At public meetings this week, county commissioners said they were alarmed by its condition; at $97 million paid to a consulting firm over six years; at its inability to collect more money from patients, health insurers and the government.
But fans will be closer to the action.
2 spot came down to those two teams.
She was evaluated after the game for a possible concussion.
“This has been the working assumption for a long time.” Mr. Wen’s 35-page speech, the rough equivalent of an American State of the Union address , included a listing of statistics aimed at underscoring the government’s successful policies, swathed in boilerplate assertions of arduous struggle and glorious achievement.
I feel sad to see us lose these ancient streets.” Traders have done business on this spot since the ninth century, Mr. Phuc said.
“We’ll need to show character.
Three students from the University of London have come to stay: the protagonist, Keith; his girlfriend, Lily; and a stunning 20-year-old blonde with all sorts of luxury options and the unlikely name Scheherazade.
Yes, that production, the one with the convoluted staging that elicited vociferous boos for the creative team when it was introduced; where the lecherous Scarpia straddles a statue of the Blessed Virgin and consorts with tawdry prostitutes; where, after stabbing Scarpia, Tosca muses on a couch in his rooms at the palazzo instead of enacting the ritual of expiation with the candles and the crucifix that Puccini devised.
But the proposal is intended to make Mr. Maliki, or a strong-willed successor, more palatable to the rest of a broad-based governing coalition.
Yet in the final shining pages, the narrator does restore Bucky to happiness, not by changing the man, but by doing what a storyteller can: conjure a moment from the past and fix it for all time.
Still, the jockeying to influence the class of likely new leaders started months ago.
Each student has to invent a product or service, write up a business plan and then do it.
Barros, who was not born when the X Games began in 1995, used 540 airs and grinding slides to reach a final score of 86 out of 100.
On Sunday, Lazio lost, 2-0, at home to Inter Milan, the club that is locked in a fight with Roma for the Serie A title.
The military team’s proposed prosecution plan centered on using statements Mr. Mohammed and other detainees had made under interrogation while in custody.
My father died a couple years ago at age 91.
In the energy section solar-charged lamps created by German and Sri Lankan designers for a Laotian power company are already in use in Afghanistan and Uganda.
The rain poured the first four days.
As a partner in SummerHaven Investment Management in Stamford, Conn., he helped create the United States Commodity Index fund, an exchange-traded fund that opened to investors in August.
Look for First Dude to roll out of the gate hard and fast, daring his rivals to catch him if they can.
Mr. van Hooydonk said designers were pleased to take over the design of camouflage from their internal rivals, the engineers.
Permits’ aerodynamics give them tremendous strength; specimens, which can range from 5 to 40 pounds and above, have been known to rip 150 yards of line out in their first run.
He’s trying to make it work and focused on the home.” While making “Blue Valentine,” Mr. Cianfrance said, he often thought back to his time at the University of Colorado in Boulder, where he studied with experimental filmmakers like Stan Brakhage and Phil Solomon .
It's not about the income, it's about the outcome.
The remainder was paid from public subsidies.
Mr. Knoxville said he was in better shape for this movie than for the other two.
They also set bail in cases as serious as manslaughter and rape , though felonies are afterward transferred to other courts for trial.
Most community college students do not take out student loans.
A disciple of Tim Gunn on “Project Runway,” she paraphrased his gospel reverently: “All you need to be fashionable is 10 basic looks: a white shirt, jeans, a blazer...” She trailed off uncertainly, leaving us to fill in the gaps.
Indeed, the number of pictures tagged “food” on the photo-sharing Web site Flickr has increased tenfold to more than six million in the last two years, according to Tara Kirchner, the company’s marketing director.
There was an overall decline in reported crimes for the third straight year; the last increase was in 2006.
Mr. Beavers puts it slightly differently.
That was the sort of embarrassment the Patriots used to deliver to opponents, and in his comments after the game, Belichick unintentionally pointed out how much things had changed.
“Irma Vep” plants its cosmopolitan flag firmly on French cinematic territory.
Aaron’s grandfather, William Shannon, 55, was struck in the wrist in the shootings, and his uncle was hit in the thigh.
And, by Thursday afternoon, many Democrats said they could not support the lopsided proposal.
But the company was not retained to do yearly monitoring, said John Fremer, Caveon’s president.
Peretz told the radio that the government has “dried the brush,” so that anything can light a wildfire.
And a season that seemed so solid last week took an uncertain turn, with road games against Pittsburgh (9-3) and Chicago (9-3) looming this month.
The attendees surrounded me on a large sectional sofa with extra seats.
With votes tallied from 95 percent of the city’s precincts on Monday evening, the incumbent in Tbilisi, Gigi Ugulava, a close ally of the president’s, had won about 55 percent of the vote.
Everton coach David Moyes has been more forceful in stating his frustration at losing star midfielder Tim Cahill, who is hoping to lead Australia to its first title since joining the Asian Football Confederation in 2006.
They wanted more than to “Dare to Hope,” which is the characteristically timid German translation of the title of the president’s best seller.
It reinforces a view that for girls, well, math class is tough.
And I have to continue to fight every day.
This week Brad Paisley released a hits collection, next week comes a new one from Reba McEntire, and the week after brings two more big country names, Keith Urban and Rascal Flatts (also on Big Machine).
Peter Andrew Gibson Gowland was born on April 3, 1916, in Hollywood, an origin he savored.
Loving father of Andrew (Laura), Scott (Natalie), Daniel and Michelle (James) Mazzitelli.
Instead, they were forced to wait until Thursday.
“A Giraffe Goes to Paris,” by Mary Tavener Holmes and John Harris, illustrated by Jon Cannell, is the true story of the exotic present of a giraffe, given by the pasha of Egypt to Charles X of France in 1827.
“He plays on the edge, and there’s a certain risk of getting penalized.” The most noteworthy development Monday was that Carcillo was not penalized when, as Savard claimed, he stuck his hand in Savard’s mouth and tried to yank out his front teeth.
“It was like making love to a corpse.” Described most often as conservative or Neo-Classical, Mr. Lees’s style was known for its thoughtful construction (he was a watchmaker’s son), attention to the sonorities of individual instruments, and rhythmic and melodic twists.
Mirai Nagasu, the American teenager who finished sixth, skated relatively early, then said of Rochette: “I think she’s doing the right thing for her mom; that’s what the two of them worked so hard for.
Two gyms, a bowling alley, a subterranean spa with traditional tadelakt blue walls and a pool the size of a lake.
Along the way, he stayed in touch, calling me unsolicited from time to time to trade gossip or point out something about George W. Bush ’s White House that he thought deserved more scrutiny from the news media.
Draft , scored 19 points, but he was 7 of 18 from the field and had 5 turnovers.
But he added, “We’re not as cutthroat as some of the other teams, and we really welcome the chance to bring in new players who haven’t played before and teach them the game.” Jeff Kagan started the association with Jeff Minck in 1999.
But it was never the same.
“What I plan on doing — three cops are getting bounced to midnights, and three midnight cops are getting bounced to day tours,” Captain Perez said in the April 1 meeting.
proposal suggested reclassifying coal ash as a hazardous material subject to federal regulation.
It’s like being an actress onstage.”
“I didn’t see Islam as taking my freedoms as a woman,” said Ms. Taylor, who is 57 and studied the Koran in Jidda for six years.
He’d take a fall, but not culpability.
Roots dug in the fall, after the first hard frost, are said to be the most flavorful.
He said the suit is allowed under a 1971 Supreme Court decision that allowed victims of ostensibly improper searches by federal narcotics agents to sue the agents as individuals, even though they could not sue the government.
But as the present exhibition demonstrates, Ms. Bruguera has the goods.
Each was stopped on fourth-and-goal from the 1, and Ole Miss missed two field-goal attempts.
But the word is out now.
The author, James Risen, who is a reporter for The New York Times, received a subpoena on Monday requiring him to provide documents and to testify May 4 before a grand jury in Alexandria, Va., about his sources for a chapter of his book , “State of War: The Secret History of the C.I.A.
But to overemphasize the autobiographical dimensions of “Somewhere” would be to stop short of identifying its extraordinary insight and originality.
Mr. McGregor takes several of those vexed Balanchine features — the flexed feet, the hyperextension of individual limbs, and the overcrossing of two or more limbs — and takes them, as Mr. Forsythe did in the 1980s, further.
J.J., I saw, had inadvertently highlighted a glaring deficiency in much of modern psychiatry.
Mr. Anh regaled us with images of the frenetic exchange of horse saddles, dried mushrooms, gingered sausages, water buffalo, cardamom pods, plastic shoes, bright ribbons and embroidery thread, all traded along with gossip from the hilltops and accompanied by bowls of horse meat soup and shots of corn whiskey.
Salads ($7 and $8) are large and also perfect for sharing.
They were tough questions that the president took on.”
There is also a Flickr group called Modern Miniatures, with 370 members — many from the United States, but also from Australia, England, Germany and Japan.
“He said that to be a true champion, you’re going to have to take some of these kinds of losses,” Ellis said.
Other luggage makers quickly imitated the Rollaboard.
Despite the name, rare earths are actually fairly common; they are expensive and seldom mined elsewhere because the processing equipment to separate them from the ore is expensive and because rare earths almost always occur naturally in deposits mixed with radioactive thorium and uranium.
In New York, for example, Annabelle Selldorf, best known for the exacting precision of her gallery designs and loft renovations — and for revamping the Oak Room at the Plaza Hotel — is about to break ground on a recycling plant on the Brooklyn waterfront; she may soon start work on another in the Bronx.
They can’t ignore it.” Mr. Nass says the Stanford studies are important because they show multitasking’s lingering effects: “The scary part for guys like Kord is, they can’t shut off their multitasking tendencies when they’re not multitasking.” Melina Uncapher, a neurobiologist on the Stanford team, said she and other researchers were unsure whether the muddied multitaskers were simply prone to distraction and would have had trouble focusing in any era.
Skepticism is particularly rife over the commitment of Mrs. Merkel’s government to bail out Greece, should it come to that.
“We added blinkers, we changed his running style and we changed surface.” Stately Victor and Line of David needed those victories to make the Derby field.
Mostly, Yahoo serves widgets for services like Pandora and Twitter, video-friendly fare like YouTube and Amazon video-on-demand, and its own Web-based services, including Flickr and Yahoo News.
Moreover, a divided Iraq would have prevented any chance for Democratic governance to take hold.
We call on other states to do the same.
Food and soft drinks and alcoholic beverages beverages are sold at the Freak Bar.
But people tend to have a selective memory.
She picked me up at a little before eight and said she would drive me home again, just after five.
Unable to find a job during the recession and without a green card, he returned in February to the country he had fled to work again for the Army through a private contractor.
‘Notre père qui.’ Couldn’t get any further.” She remembered that the Spanish mystic Teresa of Avila had written a meditation on the prayer.
After Mr. Killen was convicted, Mr. Mitchell continued to investigate.
Streets, 45, can be “very charming,” he had said he had no appraisal experience when she hired him at her business in 2000.
Matt Carey Glen Ridge, N.J., April 12, 2010  To the Editor: As an African-American from the South, I ask: If, from the Confederate states’ viewpoint, the Civil War mainly was about states’ rights, not slavery, why did Virginia, Alabama and Texas explicitly use the term “slaveholding states” in their ordinances of secession?
Irene Muschel New York ♦ To the Editor: In “Moby-Dick,” Herman Melville notes with perplexity that peace-loving Quakers (like the owners of the Morgan) could engage in the brutal trade of whaling.
As he listened to the cheers, he thought about why he might have survived the accident that killed his brother Bill; his girlfriend, Jeannie Hodgin; his dog Nip; and, maybe, why he lost a leg.
In the region, Shell is involved in conducting polymer floods in Oman’s Marmul field, now injecting about 100,000 barrels of polymer solution per day since early 2010.
“And we could not have asked the president to be more cooperative — even though he’s doing more listening than talking.” Mr. Obama may have little choice but to emerge from listening mode in the days ahead.
After the killings of the patrolmen, the lieutenant ordered the formation of an ad hoc police assault team to search the apartment where Mr. Mixon was then discovered.
Defense Minister Liam Fox rejected the assertion that the cuts exposed the Falkland Islands to attack, telling The Times in a statement that Britain maintained four Eurofighter Typhoon warplanes on the islands, as well as a small unit of Royal Marines.
The pressure caused his right shoulder to steer the sled uncontrollably.
In honor of Plath’s birthday (Oct. 27), 59E59 Theaters has fashioned a minifest that includes “Wish I Had a Sylvia Plath” by Edward Anthony.
Federal officials said Thursday that far more oil than they originally estimated was probably pouring into the Gulf of Mexico on a daily basis since the collapse of the Deepwater Horizon oil rig.
Since it heats the ovens to over 1,000 degrees, does that put wear and tear on the appliance?
Peyton is very coachable, and Jim has coached him as well as he’s played.
“We’re expecting electric vehicles to benefit not only the environment, but also to help the electric system work more effectively by absorbing some of the power produced in off-peak periods by wind generators,” said Ted Craver Jr., chief executive of the utility’s parent, Edison International.
(By around 2008, only hog and cattle futures were trading primarily the old-fashioned way.)
Other than monkeys, most of the large mammals in the Amazon are rare.
(203) 254-4010; quickcenter.com.GREENWICH Bruce Museum ''The Legacy of British Historic Houses,'' lecture by Curt Di Camillo.
At the behest of a New York doctor, Ms. Lee took up the cause of dog waste.
Even if the country is sliding into a double-dip recession , I’m going abroad to a five-star hotel on Air Force Two and give a boost to another country’s economy.
Their cover of Bob Dylan’s “Positively 4th Street” collapsed in the middle, a transparent failure.
With a target resident pool of middle- and lower-income buyers, most of the units were awarded by lottery; current residents of Longwood and Hunts Point were given preference for half.
The two men clashed most vigorously in the late 1990s over arguably the most important piece of housing legislation to pass in more than half a century.
Since Mr. Bloomberg announced his selection of Ms. Black, her candidacy has come under attack, and he has faced criticism for conducting a highly secretive search process.
Of those, Mr. Rahman and Ms. Fatima estimate that three million people have been displaced by environmental degradation or disasters.
Certainly a political economy based upon the export of raw materials and corruption can enjoy a certain longevity, so long as there is stable demand for both.
Bout, a graduate of a prestigious Soviet language institute, turned to the gallery full of reporters and said in English: “This is due process of law or what?
“The word ‘bad’ comes to mind,” said Rick Carey, the auctions editor at Car Collector Magazine .
The constant throughout is his splendid voice: a tremulous alto capable of touching anyone who has ever felt marginalized or fragile.
In 2005, the voice of Reg Keys could not be silenced on election night in Sedgefield.
Asked how he coped with her death, Mr. Barreau, 50, turned silent as his nurses said he had stopped eating and stopped talking.
One of the nation’s most powerful factions — the country’s drug lords — had attempted to hijack the process.
Lincecum was so dominant Monday that of his 101 pitches, the Rangers swung and missed 16 times, including 10 times on a slider that might have been the best pitch of the postseason.
I don’t want bad news before I go to bed.
Sister Jane Iannucelli, the vice chairwoman of St. Vincent’s board, declined on Thursday to comment on Mr. Brezenoff’s letter.
pitcher to do that was Pedro Martinez in 2000.
“They make it very difficult for the real start-ups,” she said.
“Nordic combined is such a funky sport,” said Alan Ashley, the managing director of sport performance at the United States Olympic Committee .
(Lanier spent $10,000 for each of his four seat licenses.)
The latest New York Times/CBS News poll looks at the 18 percent of Americans who consider themselves supporters of the Tea Party movement.
“In terms of scale, China still has a long way to go to touch the Japanese exuberance of the 1980s,” they wrote.
Mr. Verwaayen, the Alcatel Lucent chief executive, said “a large chunk” of the sales to the Chinese carriers was new business, with the rest being a reaffirmation of existing sales arrangements.
These projects, called genome-wide association studies, each cost around $10 million or more.
Mr. Bloomberg has clashed with Ms. Gillibrand over legislation, and has done little to hide his dissatisfaction with her.
Nobody flinches when one of Will’s more annoying colleagues, Grant Test (Christopher Evan Welch), scolds a new, low-level female analyst for not bringing breakfast.
11 Ohio State (7-1, 3-1 Big Ten) steamrolled host Purdue, 49-0, avenging an upset last year.
There are many ways for them to fail, some unavoidable, some exacerbated by the stunning water depths at which oil companies have begun to explore.
They are adorning bread baskets at Per Se and Commerce, and are served on a board with Italian salumi and cheese at Bread Tribeca.
The fact that he’s matured and accepted these kinds of challenges has made a huge difference.”
Just as in early 2000s.
“One reason is related to adult brain mass and the time it takes the nervous system to develop after conception,” Dr. Higgins added.
The laboratory was run by Colonel Stapp, a flight surgeon known as the fastest man on earth for his experiments riding a rocket-powered sled to test the effects of rapid acceleration and deceleration.
In Boston, the Patriots would like to help distract the citizenry from woes involving the Red Sox, but this being training camp, they will settle for Tom Brady announcing he hates the Jets , a position that is not exactly radical.
Then he offered to handle such cases free, cold-calling surprised and often delighted local lawyers.
Boulton Center for the Performing Arts, 37 West Main Street.
Diapers need changing, toilet breaks can't wait, and kids need something to keep them entertained (else we have a whole other column on the disruptive wailing of tethered, soiled, bored children).
coach to use the idea to relax his players at the start of Super Bowl week.
while every one shall sit under his own vine and figtree, and there shall be none to make him afraid.” The Texas State Board of Education should note that Washington invoked this phrase from the Bible (Micah 4:4) to extend religious diversity, not to favor any particular religion.
“Eventually” is the operable word, though.
Like them, Mr. Paterson said, he knew what it was like to be told to give up.
John Saadeh, 24, a Palestinian-American from San Francisco, moved to Ramallah last year after his parents opened a pizzeria near Ramallah’s historic Old City.
game against Tennessee will quiet things in Indianapolis for another week.
“Let people take their shots; I don’t really care.” Among the other associations that have recently changed their names are the American Association of Advertising Agencies, now the Four A’s , and the Television Bureau of Advertising, now TVB .
Kayaking on the Hudson, Saturday and Sunday, 10 a.m. to 5 p.m., leaving from the Downtown Boathouse, at 72nd Street and the Hudson River; free.
But that trip could come — in a way — as soon as this week, as proponents of the ban seek to prevent a resumption of same-sex marriages.
It is a measure of how thin the margin can be among the top players that Akopian lost by making only a couple of discernible errors.
THE senior creative executive at Team Detroit, the consortium of WPP units that works on the Ford Motor account in North America, is getting a new role with a worldwide focus.
He shook his violin bow at us, raggedy with broken horsehair; this was all part of the music, too.
With a revolving door of wives, husbands, exes, new lovers and children all thrown together, traditional family life is now, well, very French.
A platoon of Ugandan soldiers, part of the African Union peacekeeping mission here, is hunkered down behind sandbags at the station’s gate, the business end of their rifles trained on the warren of shot-up streets and blasted-out homes outside.
Now, he predicted, they will go the other way — using the Fontainebleau to try to sneak into the Soho Beach House.
Now, ''they have to pay within 360 days,'' said Ruth Bartonek, a spokeswoman for Euler Hermes, the agency that manages the German government's export credit guarantees.
One night after Ward was pulled after giving up three early goals before Carolina’s comeback for a 4-3 win at Florida, the Hurricanes again played from behind after trailing, 2-0, through two periods.
“Cigar bars tend to be a little more high-end with the humidors and things, and your single malts and expensive Scotches and whatnot, and I guess we just chose to go a different route: a place where anyone can come and enjoy themselves no matter where you’re from.”
“What a fairy tale that would be, to win it back,” he said.
The boot Let’s kick off with a winner — the best-designed soccer boot.
The new owner also received a pleasant windfall from new utility prices.
The Americans frantically charged back from a 2-0 deficit at halftime and seemed to go ahead, 3-2, in the 85th minute on a goal that was nullified by a controversial and unexplained foul call from the referee, Koman Coulibaly of Mali .
But part of his job was to file those routine feeds and make those routine appointments.
The Christophers moved in a little over a year ago, and have tried to maintain their sustainable philosophy while outfitting the home.
A New Yorker, she cultivated a lynx eye for cultural relevance by visiting private collections and fairs and developing relationships with the art world’s power brokers.
The most immediate way to do this is to make time seem tight — the going-going-gone approach to sales.
“If I had played halfway decent, I would be in a position to control my own destiny,” he said.
“Women are very bothered by dry skin, especially in the winter season,” Ms. Jensen said.
The beginning: My children were in school, I was bored, I had to do something, and I read that women’s lingerie was the fastest-growing industry in the country for women.
Katy de Bresson, a single mother of two, called the enrollment of her son Arthur a “mini-revolution.” Free of all childcare costs, she could return to work full-time.
(Harmonia Mundi also plans to release the group’s holiday album — “Puer Natus Est,” with 16th-century Christmas and Advent music by Tallis, White, Sheppard, Taverner, Byrd and others — in October.)
For his sake, he began his recovery from the botched handoff to Larry Csonka that handed a last-minute victory to the Eagles on Nov. 19, 1978, and symbolized years of Giants futility with a bit of unrehearsed Eagles frivolity.
But if someone were to slip, say, on the steps at the Metropolitan Museum of Art, or the walkways of the New York Botanical Garden, or the entrance to the Brooklyn Museum, New York City would not have primary liability even though it owns the land.
She will be greatly missed.
Today, this hard-used wooden building, which narrowly escaped demolition, is one of several dozen Rosenwald schools being restored as landmarks — newly appreciated relics of important chapters in philanthropy and black education.
It’s also easy to reach.
Now let us renounce the evil canard of “separate but equal” states of intimate union and declare same-sex marriage an inalienable right to be accorded to all consenting adult couples who seek it.
Even so, Mr. Almunia said he could think of no other recent case of a cartel that so aptly “illustrates the need for strong competition enforcement, in particular in these difficult times of crisis.”
I got an audition for “The Heidi Chronicles” around 1989.
Outdoors MYSTIC Denison Pequotsepos Nature Center “New London/Waterford Coastal Birding,” explore creeks, marshes, coast and beach areas to see wintering waterfowl and other birds.
''When I curled my fingers, it just tightened up,'' he said.
CANADIENS 5, LIGHTNING 3 Scott Gomez had a goal and two assists, and Mathieu Darche scored twice to lead Montreal over Tampa Bay.
He wrote down the famous steps and foundations, but A.A. allows each local group to form, adapt and innovate.
The average Vikings drive starts at the 32, the best among the playoff teams.
He will be sorely missed.
A memorial service at the Academy will be announced.
Some liberal members of the media are agitating for more freedom, even as the government bolsters state-controlled news agencies and expands its control over mass communication, from cellphone messages to individual Web sites.
Now, however, new projects and refurbishments are being completed, making the island seem less like a real estate hinterland and more of an alternative for people with selective tastes who are looking for vacation homes.
They finished 2 match points (out of 432) ahead of Michael Gore and Steven Zlotnick of New York.
The Ghost tracks straight and true, and the adaptive air suspension is mostly unflappable, adapting well even to cratered pavement.
(For more on touring the northeast Cotswolds - with pubs as the focus - check out Mr. Shukman's ''Going Back in Time in Old England, Sip by Sip,'' July 19, 2009.)
School lunches must meet a minimum calorie limit set by the government, but it’s up to individual schools to decide how the calories are apportioned.
I fail to see how relations with Russia should in any way be conditioned by NATO’s reassurance policy.
The attempted assassination of the governor of Wardak, Mohammad Halim Fediyee, occurred during a trip that had been announced, leaving his convoy vulnerable.
Penny Pritzker, a Chicago business executive and Obama fund-raiser who sits on the President’s Economic Recovery Advisory Board, will be the chairwoman for the Skills for America’s Future board.
In “Presence and Reflection,” the performers interact with one another as well as lingering traces of their own digitally sampled playing, building toward a final composed section.
A. I think we are a real racing team.
“The moon is the closest that it gets to the earth on this night,” a group leader said softly.
He then walked down the bench and sought the opinion of the soon-to-be-owner Michael Jordan, who suggested the Bobcats foul.
Framing the story as a minstrel show, while subversivsely comic, means that derogatory language and blackface are part of the action.
“I went out and got a cake decorating kit and started playing with different compounds of plaster and spackle to find something that would hold vertically on a ceiling.
Former president of Venus Pen & Pencil, Executive vice-president of Lanvin-Charles of the Ritz, former president of the Jericho Jewish Center.
Guaranteeing people a decent retirement and decent health care does more than smooth out the rough edges of capitalism.
Words like ‘autism’ weren’t in common use.
The outrage was quick, and BP apparently got the message.
The unfortunate result is more punitive treatment of girls, including arrests and incarceration for lesser offenses like minor assaults that were treated informally in the past, as well as alarmist calls for restrictions on their Internet use.
For the fortunate, pain is temporary and finite, with a clear beginning, middle and end.
Within weeks she lost her job, and after 10 months of searching, was unable to find another.
Her father retired as the president of the Union of American Hebrew Congregations, the governing body of Reform Judaism.
“When deciding how to place a bet we thought we should do it at a significant level and not just take a little shot,” Disney’s chief executive, Robert A. Iger, said in an interview.
One Mop user wrote, “To all employers: Never offer Wang Fei or Dong Fang jobs, otherwise Moppers will human-flesh-search you.” What was peculiar about the human-flesh search against Wang was that it involved almost no searching.
“Short words that are vowel-heavy are very useful for puzzle makers,” Mr. Shortz said.
Once the match reached the fifth set, the advantage looked to belong to Berdych.
The Three Gorges Dam stretches for a mile and a half across the Yangtze in Hubei Province.
A dagger (†) indicates that some bookstores report receiving bulk orders.
I know that one of the rules you’re considering would require stock and insurance brokers to put their customers’ interests before their own.
The part that begins, ''The whole point of going to the Grammys,'' up to the end of the quotation, actually came first.
But that is partly what curtain raisers are for: though usually meant to dazzle, they are also opportunities for musicians (particularly those who, like the Riverside players, with their three-concert season, perform together infrequently) to get the measure of the hall and work out last-minute kinks.
They did exactly that, emerging from the oven as flaky and golden as my buttery fantasies, and just in time for sweater season.
Matt Winkler, a biotech entrepreneur based in Austin, has watched the capital city’s biotech industry grow from nothing to “almost critical mass,” but it took 25 years.
And the aftermath in Ivory Coast has indeed been grim.
This fantasy inspired a wave of 1960s-style enthusiasm, an unsettling personality cult (that “Yes We Can” video full of harmonizing celebrities only gets creepier in hindsight) and a lot of over-the-top promises from Obama himself.
The Catholic Church has to communicate much more powerful reasons for moving in the direction of special treatment of perpetrators of atrocities in Chile.” Mr. Piñera said the time for a general pardon was not right, noting that the government had issued three pardons in the past decade.
After getting some help from his runningmate and unofficial marathon coach, Laura Skladzinski, as well as some nourishment and encouragement from his trainer and his girlfriend, Gimelstob slowly persevered.
An introductory video played before the company made its announcement said, almost as a side note, that BYD intends to be the largest automaker in the world by 2025.
In the wilderness of mirrors that defines human intelligence in counterterrorism, the threat of disaster is an inescapable presence.
The machines cost about $150,000 each.
“Anytime a guy steps into your lineup and hasn’t played in two months and scores the game-winner, you’ve got to take it with a smile,” Bruins Coach Claude Julien said.
But there’s a cost involved in managing them, and the savings may be more than offset by those costs.” He and other experts noted that Medicare ’s efforts to stem costs through chronic disease management and care coordination among the elderly were largely unsuccessful, leading instead to higher fees.
Mrs. Luyombya, 37, is an associate specializing in laws regarding exempt and nonprofit organizations in the New York law office of Skadden Arps Slate Meagher & Flom.
American Crossroads is registered as an independent-expenditure-only political action committee, which means it is allowed to take in contributions of unlimited size from individuals and corporations and explicitly call for the election or defeat of candidates, but it must regularly disclose its donors.
certainly hopes you remain in the dark about the latest controversy involving its discipline czar, Colin Campbell, whose e-mails in a referee-firing dispute are giving people new fodder to dislike him.
CAGAN--Jessie, died on December 5, one week shy of turning 90.
“I can’t even buy beans from my own brother,” Mr. DeRego said, explaining that the farmers’ markets, where farmers can charge the highest premiums, now take priority over wholesale customers here.
Ms. O'Donnell, a Tea Party favorite, upset Mike Castle, a moderate Republican legislator, in her party's primary and now faces Democrat Chris Coons in November's election.
An officer who responded to Ms. Booker’s home said it must have been an error by the operator who misinterpreted her use of a nonexistent computer code “to attempt to indicate that the patrol car had completed the assignment at Booker’s residence.” Mr. Skolnick, the N.Y.U.
As for “Kick-Ass,” the No.
There is no question about that.” But a number of Democrats, including some in tough re-election campaigns, would prefer to avoid a vote that could be used by opponents to portray them as allowing taxes to rise during a weak economy, and would rather wait to deal with the tax cut issue until a lame-duck session.
Alere Inc., a health management company based in Waltham, Mass., has 90,000 patients using its home monitoring devices, including 45,000 who are taking blood thinner drugs, said Dr. Gordon Norman, the company’s chief innovation officer.
“I would say I’m surprised, but I’m not,” Armstrong said as he stood with the team manager, Johan Bruyneel, at his RadioShack bus.
In April, tensions increased when conservative lawmakers called for the arrest of Iran’s first vice president, Mohammad-Reza Rahimi, on corruption charges.
Mr. Sutherland, the analyst, said the Libyan company was a strange choice as a partner, lacking deep expertise, purchasing power and partnerships.
Humana posted quarterly pretax income of $451.2 million in its government segment, up from $404.7 million a year ago.
He lay motionless on the field as medical personnel from both teams attended to him.
Or the old-fashioned, once dowdy but reinvigorated by bartenders like Don Lee, who recast it as the celery and nori old-fashioned at Momofuku Ssam Bar, and Phil Ward of Death & Company, whose Oaxaca old-fashioned — with tequila standing in for whiskey — proved how versatile a spare, 200-year-old formula could be.
“I simply need to set my bar higher,” he announced , expressing the kind of resolve normally associated with people trying to look like Lance Armstrong.
Still, comments from Foreign Minister Carl Bildt on his Twitter account did not attempt to hedge the issue.
Vornado Realty Trust , a publicly traded company, and Brookfield Properties , the largest downtown landlord, have already been eliminated from the competition.
I’m all for making people aware and for opening up dialogue.” Stoudemire said he intended to do more than that, affirming he would “absolutely” be practicing the faith — again for cultural and spiritual reasons only.
How it Disappears EVAPORATION Some oil on the water surface evaporates within days.
“Some years you make good decisions; other years you miss the mark.
Much of the town of Garmsir blamed the Americans.
Within each household, one adult was designated by a random procedure to be the respondent for the survey.
There could be billions of dollars in private money available for infrastructure investment, and several efforts are under way in Congress to free up those dollars by removing impediments to private investment.
Edmunds said a measure of activity on its site that has a strong correlation to sales indicates a rebound in interest for Toyota since it announced a repair strategy Monday.
Once there, they ride into rolling hills containing vineyards, olive groves and cypress forests before descending to the Bay of Brna and a Croatian feast.
Mattingly, who has spent the last three seasons as the Dodgers’ hitting coach and spent the season before that as Torre’s bench coach with the Yankees, insisted he was ready to take over a club that has presented many challenges this season.
He graduated from St. John's University in Queens, NY with a BA in Accounting in 1950.
And after some hugging and sniffling, Ms. McGillis said, “O.K., let’s go eat.” With that, the group stepped into the warm September sunshine and journeyed up the street to the Pop Shop, a kitschy 1950s-style diner, with turquoise bar stools and omelets the size of catcher’s mitts.
In his State of the Union address , Mr. Obama hailed the results so far of that competition, which has persuaded states from Rhode Island to California to make changes in their education laws.
Third, to find the best young people and let them grow up in a three- or four-year program.
“There is a potentiality, and there are discussions,” said Dennis Edney, a Canadian lawyer who is advising Mr. Khadr’s family.
“But I still kept fighting.” Cotto’s father, Miguel Sr., was born in 1954.
During 2009, Mr. Jaimes said, there was a small increase of 2 to 3 percent in values.
In Falmouth, where a long line stretched out the door and into the 15-degree cold, Nancy Sawyer, 40, told me she was reminded of a Kiss concert from her youth.
Baseball’s fan-friendliness took a hit Wednesday in an entirely different way: with the death of Dave Niehaus, the voice of the Mariners for their entire 34-year history.
But Mr. Mazarakis makes clear that when it comes to his unit’s advice, the firm comes first.
Though the novel has its flaws, it is a gripping and fiercely imagined work that burrows deep into the dark heart of war, leaving us with a choral portrait of the human capacity for both barbarism and transcendence.
But there were signs of improvement.
Public schools and many businesses closed after their toilets and sinks stopped working.
Jacques Rogge , the I.O.C.
In 2009, represented by my organization, Masri filed a complaint in Europe’s highest court against Macedonia for its part in the affair.
After retirement, he graduated from Brooklyn Law and began representing indigent clients.
There are unfortunately few people working on these questions, and the world’s shunning of the topic means that “The Twilight of the Bombs” probably doesn’t actually describe a real twilight.
Those actors — Joe Mazzello as Sledge, James Badge Dale as Leckie and Jon Seda as Basilone — knew early on that much would be asked of them.
A third attempt at the end of the half, after Vick led the offense downfield in a two-minute drill, was blocked.
It would also expand the number of poorer students who are eligible for free and reduced-price school meals.
“Try to come — good luck,” Fasel said during a question and answer session at the four-day meeting in Toronto.
One of the students, who hopes someday to be a doctor, explained to me how essential it was for the students “to understand the organ systems in mammals.” In another class, a fiendishly difficult math problem was being worked out.
Whether you’re using a laptop or a smartphone, the devices can be tweaked to get the most out of its lithium -ion batteries.
In Florida, problems with foreclosure cases are especially acute.
The Earth is in danger, the result of human abuse, and we need more young people going outdoors, enjoying and appreciating all that is on display — this incredible array of life forms that modern genetics resoundingly confirms is our kin.
But a crucial element of their individuality is missing, so all that emotion never quite manages to inspire the deep, resonant empathy these stricken parents — and, more to the point, we in the audience — so desperately need.
Instead, they had the same low frequency range of females.
If Mr. Obama waits until Christmas Eve, he will make even his immediate predecessor, who waited until Dec. 23, 2002, seem more generous.
After his brazen bid to steal his re-election, Afghanistan’s president, Hamid Karzai, swore that he would do better — and the Obama administration swore it would ensure that he did.
report said that new orders, a signal of future business, expanded for the fourth straight month, though less quickly than in November.
In practice, the arrangement has sometimes backfired, as it did earlier this year with “Splice,” a thriller about a pair of scientists who use genetic manipulation to create a monstrous child.
The court has gone beyond mere politicization.
But the election returns flashing across the giant projection machines kept messing up the blue party vibe.
If you take a tract or ask a question, you’ve gone well beyond your civic duty.
The talks are aimed at averting the sort of uncertainty that occurred when S.A.G.
Cunningham liked to concentrate on the newest dancers; after that he would often seem scarcely to notice them for several years, and they had to learn how to dance not for his approval but to fulfill themselves.
Qatar’s security service was “hesitant to act against known terrorists out of concern for appearing to be aligned with the U.S. and provoking reprisals,” the cable said.
NEIDLE--Alan, age 80, died April 3rd.
At one table, West began perfectly, cashing the diamond ace and continuing with a low diamond.
He promised to buy the resulting offspring, which he said would be sold as meat, at guaranteed prices.
Sprinkle on 1 tablespoon of the dill and salt and pepper lightly.
Repertorio Español at the Gramercy Arts Theater, 138 East 27th Street , (212) 225-9920, repertorio.org .
pressured companies to reduce salt in those products, the industry said that doing so would ruin the taste of the foods already low in sugar and fat.
Whether creating a long, slim over-the-knee dress or a coat bulbous at its hem, Mr. Costa pushed himself to make his women look strong and powerful.
But Ochocinco, more than Peyton Manning, Tom Brady and other icons, is capable of a unique brand of what-will-he-do-next intrigue, both during games and in the long space between them.
Johnson scored 22 points, Mike Bibby added 19 and the other Atlanta starters also were in double figures.
Now the orchestra has announced a 2010-11 season that counts on Mr. Levine to be on hand for some demanding programming, including three Mahler symphonies, a double bill of Bartok’s “Bluebeard’s Castle” and Stravinsky’s “Oedipus Rex,” and the premiere of a new work by Harrison Birtwistle.
Since her home is a Tennessee farm, she also considered Vanderbilt, in Nashville.
The designer Bruno Frisoni put the summer shoe and bag collection against a backdrop of palm trees and woven baskets.
At least 21 people were killed Wednesday in Karbala when a bomb was detonated only miles from a sacred Shiite shrine during a week in which millions of pilgrims are converging on the holy city.
Through this selfless gift, he has provided state of the art care for cancer patients who need it most.
Plans call for the campaign to continue through the fall, Mr. Schaefer said, and into the Christmas shopping season.
The movie is filled with coincidences and odd detours that recall the fantastical ways that movies unite people, whether on a dance floor, across a crowded room or through a wallet.
The 10th birthday of our millennium is, or ought to be, a purposeful affair, a redoubling of efforts.
That created an opportunity for Carson, who had 9 points in a 17-2 spurt that extended the Liberty’s lead to 83-63 — its biggest of the game — with 2:40 left.
The money came in batches of $25,000 to six figures.
She said the criticisms that long dogged the Williams sisters — too many hobbies, not enough tennis — would end up prolonging their careers.
Apple doesn’t respond well to customers criticizing its products.
Jim O’Donnell, president of BMW of North America, said Americans had been slow to embrace the car, a 315-horsepower version of a sedan typically powered by a twin turbo V-8 — though he explained that part of the reason was the lack of an all-wheel-drive option on the 6-cylinder model .
The price could grate on shareholders’ ears.
“This is a work in progress, and we’re learning as we go along,” he said.
is a very disciplined, on-message organization,” he said, contrasting the N.R.A.’s approach with the free-wheeling nature of some open-carry advocates.
Most took on debt of $1,000 or more to pay for the trip to the United States, planning to pay it back with their earnings.
Mom, grandma, great-grandma, educator, artist, par excellence.
In a report released to journalists, the military said that it had identified a tactic of the insurgents in which they extort “revolutionary taxes” from businesses and collect fees from politicians in exchange for access to insurgent-controlled areas.
Mr. Winkelman, who also owns Tecolote Books with Mr. Simon, said by telephone that the company would retain its current editorial leadership, with Elaine Szewczyk as editor and Eric Liebetrau as managing editor.
For about six months, Mazzulla worked for two hours a day not knowing if he would ever play again.
Apparently, they didn’t want to use or they listened to Harold’s second wife, Pat Connolly, a three-time Olympian and coach, whose opposition to drugs has been fierce and unrelenting.
There should be room for a magazine that counterprograms against the ceaseless ephemera of much of the online world and offers things you will remember, a magazine that doesn’t endlessly chase buzz, that isn’t coastal urban journalists writing ceaselessly for each other, that doesn’t aim for insider-ish horserace gossip when covering politics, that doesn’t chase the same upscale liberal audience that every other media outlet is chasing.
The Pactiv Corporation, which makes Hefty trash bags, jumped 5.4 percent, to $32.58, after it agreed to be bought by Reynolds Group Holdings in a transaction valued at about $6 billion.
and the Oakland Raiders, would Al Davis and John Madden have had career paths leading to the Hall of Fame?
Electronics stores and big-box retailers like Costco are prominently displaying the 3-D models.
The alert presented the agency with a new problem: what to do with a contaminated flavoring ingredient.
The Cowboys got a strong rushing performance from Felix Jones, who gained 148 yards on 16 carries, including a 73-yard touchdown run.
He is, nonetheless, suddenly a rising star in some corners.
PAST 50 and pushing 230 pounds, I decided that this spring I would try to get down to a healthier 200.
The Dow Jones industrial average plunged more than 600 points in a matter of minutes that day and then recovered in a blink.
In a post on the science-fiction Web site io9.com , Annalee Newitz, the site’s editor in chief, wrote that “Avatar” depicted “the essence of the white guilt fantasy, laid bare,” a dimension she said it shared with movies from “The Last Samurai” to “District 9.” (Critics have also said that “Avatar” copied story elements from the movies “Dances With Wolves,” “Pocahontas” and “Ferngully: The Last Rainforest”; the Poul Anderson novella “Call Me Joe”; and the “Noon Universe” book series by the Russian authors Arkady and Boris Strugatsky.)
Last month she reached an agreement with Colony Capital, a Los Angeles firm: it became her only creditor and agreed to help her concentrate on her career and earnings.
Playing in the All-Star Game at Angel Stadium would naturally fuel Guerrero’s inner competitor, although he said the site did not matter much.
The Investment Management Code of Conduct for Endowments, Foundations and Charitable Organizations warned that “such arrangements may affect future members’ ability to effectively manage the financial resources to meet the funding needs of the organization.” To avoid the difficulty of long lockups, firms have adjusted.
Then I went to a bar, ordered two drinks at once, and drank them both before 11:30 a.m.
But maybe some imaginative repositioning could transform that idea into a routine part of the tourist experience, providing a positive outlet for visitors’ emotional turmoil.
Yet on the day after Christmas 1862, Chaska died with the others.
I’ve been doing it for years.” O’Neal is both aging and an anchor, and he entered Saturday’s game having not played since Feb. 25, when he sprained his thumb.
Léger has been brought back from the cold in the last few years.
Already in 2010, Beijing has committed $25 billion to Asean nations.
¶Football is the only sport that will be split into divisions.
But Lillian’s preschool teachers counseled her to hold Lillian back.
A. I'm very much like Lucille Ball.
After Mr. Neuharth, the founder of USA Today, tried to woo her by sending a limousine with a basket of treats to her Connecticut home, Ms. Black responded by presenting him with a giant homegrown tomato over lunch at the Four Seasons.
In response to daily Republican attacks, the White House defends every feature of the law, potentially creating expectations that will be difficult to fulfill in the near future.
It is a broad, indiscriminate assault on all manner of legitimate speech and conduct.
Another survivor, Meoun Ly Heang, 12, said he went to the island with his 22-year-old sister without permission from their parents because he wanted to watch the festival.
“It’s a really engaging show for people of all ages,” he said.
The wobbly Yankees looked sturdy again.
Some say his presence in the race will be felt more than ever.
“It would have been fun, but maybe next time.”
“The most important variable is the technical job done by the surgeon,” said Dr. Donald C. Fithian, an orthopedic surgeon and the former director of Kaiser Permanente’s joint replacement registry.
The Afghan government took credit for the releases, saying they were following through on one of the promises of the national consultative peace jirga that met earlier this month, said Fazil Ahmad Faqiryar, deputy attorney general and a member of the committee reviewing detainee cases.
Beloved wife of Daniel R. Loving mother of Lea Zawatski, Lynette Livermore, Jessica Vasilakis and Allison Brecher.
The two-charger strategy was also adopted by Tom Moloughney, a Mini lessee who owns a restaurant in Montclair, N.J. Mr. Moloughney has rolled up 21,000 miles in eight months and has gone as far as 128 miles on a charge.
Alison Thompson, an Australian nurse and documentary director who volunteers at a tent clinic on the grounds of the Pétionville Club, said she had cared for a 14-year-old girl who was raped recently in the camp.
Mr. Sedwell offered an assessment of optimism for the effort now underway, but one tempered by an acknowledgement of past missteps in the fight against the insurgency.
A newly released report by the Internal Revenue Service shows that, for Americans as a group, total income fell at the fastest pace in decades in 2008, and that the number of tax returns reporting at least $1 million in income plunged by 22 percent as the Great Recession took hold.
That’s why the studies are continuing to allow for the data to mature.
champion at Southern California, is the exception.
The city agreed in 1815 to bend Broadway at Mr. Brevoort’s farm, at East 10th Street, where the street still curves today.
I have been a supporter of civil unions.
Manhattan, with 58 percent, was one of 17 counties in the country in which more than half of the residents over 25 had a bachelor’s degree or higher.
It’s an odd subject for an inspirational film, an autistic woman who beat the odds to revolutionize the slaughterhouse industry.
Oh, and one other thing is starting to become clear: synthetic C.D.O.’s made the crisis worse than it would otherwise have been.
He initially minimized the impact of the disaster, then publicly wished he could “get my life back.” Most recently, he took a day off to watch a yacht race in Britain even as Louisiana shrimpers were kept off the water by a fishing ban because of the oil spill.
His distaste for trepidation made a six-decade viewer like Peter Howard marvel that Donovan “takes players on,” that he is “not frightened” and that, in loftiest praise, “To me, he’s an old-fashioned English winger.” Fans have forgiven even his howling miss from two yards on Feb. 28 at Tottenham.
“Contemporary art is a powerful provocation, and without provocation, there is no real creative process,” said Mr. Milgram, whose goal is to organize 59 festivals in Perm each year.
And the play has been dogged for years by criticism that the business interests had overtaken spiritual ones.
While he concedes that paperless debating will eventually catch hold — computers have too many advantages in search and storage — for now, he says, the most competitive teams generally consider it more important to maintain continuity.
(Gold) 20100311 ★ ‘A LIE OF THE MIND’ Sam Shepard’s gorgeous, untidy 1985 play about families in meltdown has been given a production that connoisseurs of precision acting will be savoring for years to come.
“This will be a first sounding about whether the Iranians still think they can tough it out or are ready to negotiate,” one senior American official said this week, declining to be identified because Washington and its European allies are debating the final details of the package they will present to Iran.
“I hope you love it as much as we do.” Analysts said the new phone came at an opportune moment for Apple.
“I’ll make a deal with you,” he once told his class.
The ball dropped, the confetti drifted down, a light rain fell, and the thousands in Times Square greeted the new year with a roar.
Beginning with his youth in a small town in Quebec, he ventures to New Orleans, rural England, Jamaica and elsewhere.
WITH: Gemma Arterton (Tamara Drewe), Roger Allam (Nicholas Hardiment), Bill Camp (Glen McCreavy), Dominic Cooper (Ben Sergeant), Luke Evans (Andy Cobb), Jessica Barden (Jody Long), Charlotte Christie (Casey Shaw), and Tamsin Greig (Beth Hardiment).
“We are pleased to have reached resolution on this matter,” said Andy Wyss, president of Novartis Pharmaceuticals.
She walks in the woods and swims in the sea; her daughter visits; a hunter passes by; the weather changes.
Ai Miyazato, who is from Japan, has been ranked No.
The city’s 71 charter schools, which enrolled 33,000 students last year and expect to enroll another 10,000 in the 2010-11 school year, stand to lose $15 million under the cuts.
(The difference has nothing to do with semantics, as a church that doesn’t make a distinction might claim.)
The military maintains that the two were shot by rubber bullets as soldiers dispersed a violent protest involving dozens of villagers hurling rocks.
In it he strolled the city and told droll and touching stories about the 15 years he spent making newsreels and educational films during the “prehistoric beginnings of the Scottish film business” in the 1960s and ’70s.
Precisely how ugly becomes clear when he beckons you into his office to examine his daily briefing memo.
Mayweather called for an impromptu workout late Wednesday, confirming his camp’s assertion that he prepared for Mosley with more intensity and vigor than his already maniacal standards mandated.
They plowed that money into promotion and marketing, and “Breaking Upwards” is scheduled to open in theaters in Los Angeles and San Francisco later next month, even though it will already be available through video on demand.
At the time we didn’t talk, Dr. Sandage was a little over 50, much younger than I am now, but he had already been Mr. Universe, the man the newspapers called for the latest word on the state of the cosmos, for nearly three decades.
Then they heard the clicking of triggers from the rifles pointed at their heads.
Opening by April 11: 24 Harrison Street (Greenwich Street), (212) 625-9463.
Commander Durham said from the port, not many burning fires were visible in the capital, but collapsed buildings were everywhere in sight.
Until passage of a modest jobs bill this week, cooperation across the aisle had not been a feature of the current Senate, as Senator Evan Bayh, Democrat of Indiana, complained in announcing he had had enough and wanted out.
The newfound infusion of confidence comes, in part, from the recent scrutiny focused on Facebook over revisions to its platform and privacy policy that encourage its members to make personal information accessible to anyone on the Internet.
“Time and again we discuss this with the provincial government,” he said.
Having become physicians in order to work with patients, doctors instead find themselves facing piles of charts and billing forms, as well as the innumerable bureaucratic permutations of dozens of health insurance companies.
Then, about four years ago, the church sold the project for $14 million to a for-profit partnership.
Prosecute, by all means, but don’t rail.
A large crowd filled the intimate theater on Tuesday evening to hear the first installment of the Heritage and Legacy of Chopin and Schumann.
Mondays through Thursdays, 9 a.m. to 7 p.m.; Fridays, 9 a.m. to 5 p.m.; Saturdays, noon to 5 p.m. Beinecke Rare Book and Manuscript Library, Yale University, 121 Wall Street.
For the record, Stoudemire said this with a straight face.
Getting people to exercise by using pro athletes as role models and leveraging our national obsession with sports would be easier than persuading folks to put down that chocolate chip cookie.
Museums and Galleries CAPE MAY Mid-Atlantic Center for the Arts and Humanities “Cape May’s Stained Glass Exhibit,” featuring stained-glass samples and tools, and color photographs of 19th-century Cape May windows.
One of the Russian players, Arkady Tyurin, 48, joked about the team’s collective age as he accepted the championship trophy.
Sadly, President Obama seems intent on squandering his environmental 9/11 with a Bush-level failure of imagination.
The treaty was approved by the United States Senate in May 1988 and entered into force on June 1 of that year.
Andy Roddick, the world’s No.
If the decision is made that the rig evacuate, it would take 8 to 12 hours to detach a riser pipe from the seafloor and pull it back up so the rig could move.
The position of chief investment officer, on the other hand, appears to have been harder to find candidates for.
According to Dave Arland, spokesman for the Open Mobile Video Coalition trade group, about 30 stations have already done the upgrade, with another 770 expected to come on board, representing about half the stations in the United States.
Those who were already dropped from coverage will be able to re-enroll if younger than 26.
A retired research physician, Dr. Kusama received his medical degree from Tokyo University and attended Harvard College as a Fullbright Scholar.
“Those are the kinds of things you must do to win,” Coughlin said.
So why don’t we use a similarly light but energetic, decentralized but forceful reform approach when it comes to health care, transportation, energy or environmental policy?
“Don’t ask, don’t tell” is especially insidious, and its repeal especially emotional, because the policy has caused psychologically damaging denial, shame and guilt for gay men and lesbians serving in the military.
Arman loved tools; when he moved to New York in the 1960s, he haunted Canal Street for materials and bought massive amounts of things to line up in repeated series.
Advisers’ emphasis on cash flow shows a concern that such across-the-board gains will be harder to come by in the long run and that there may not be so much cash flowing.
But the evidence that carbon emissions are altering the planet’s ecology is too convincing to ignore.
“There’s a reason they’re called legends.” Elaine Stritch has started off the series with a four-day run of “ Elaine Stritch Singin’ Sondheim ... One Song at a Time,” which winds up this weekend, at 3 p.m. Sunday.
Although WellPoint fiercely denied singling out breast cancer patients for scrutiny, it acknowledged using computer algorithms to search for a range of conditions that applicants would likely have known about at the time they applied.
They were $69 at Fox’s.
The cause was a heart attack, the RIA Novosti news agency reported.
The two companies have already contributed a combined €20 million, or $26 million, of the nearly $40 million that has been spent so far on the search.
Each color bounces off — and accentuates — the others.
“At one level, it’s true the pharmaceutical companies are competing with the tobacco companies.
It is taken as gospel that the king of 20th century jewelry makers was Peter Carl Fabergé, the inimitable jeweler to the czars.
For months, she said, she got no answers.
There is, however, broad agreement that many of Spain’s empty units are in areas where there is little demand for them, particularly along the southern coastal areas where hills have disappeared under vast housing developments.
8.4 million, you can’t tell as much about him as you can about someone contacting you from Quantico, Va., pop.
And within that system’s frame, we did not, in our everyday life, feel oppressed, even though we were aware of the limits.
He attended Michigan State University for two years, then left to serve in the Army in World War II.
4 Notre Dame (23-3, 10-3) lost its second straight.
Still, Mr. Winders, the on-site historian and curator, said the two remaining original buildings had been well maintained.
The Americans envision building up the Afghan judicial system to make the expansion of trials possible.
Some feminists use her namesake to make the case for expanding women’s roles in church further, but to Shirer, these arguments are not her calling.
Mr. Carey walks you adroitly through Golding’s fiction and lays out the case for many of his lesser-known novels, including “The Inheritors” (1955) and “Pincher Martin” (1956).
“It’s a cycle that makes you wonder: How long can it go on?” For Mr. Cox, 54, the air-conditioner has not been turned on in any sort of regular fashion since 1977.
Among them are the cases of Daniel Ellsberg , a Defense Department consultant who gave the Pentagon Papers to The Times in 1971, and Samuel L. Morison, a Navy analyst who passed satellite photographs to Jane’s Defense Weekly in 1984.
The pattern, they say, seems clear, but more research is needed to determine, for example, how further outbreaks might be prevented, and how much environmental factors like heat, cold or drought might play a role.” Notwithstanding the caveats and the intent, however, the combination of the headline and some of the language in the article created a more conclusive impression.
I contacted the physicist involved.
True, neither the “manscara” look of Adam Lambert, the “American Idol” star, nor the “guyliner” stylings of Russell Brand, the comedian, will likely be adopted anytime soon by the guy who fixes your car.
But he apparently had some help in making his point.
“When you have that combination, you’re playing yourself behind.” In each of the previous two times the Yankees had trailed by 2-1 in an A.L.C.S.
At 9 a.m., a four-mile walk on Staten Island, beginning at the Staten Island Mall, 2655 Richmond Avenue, New Springville; registration begins at 8 a.m.; (718) 981-3000.
Their mother hopes to protect them from the politics and violence that swallowed up her husband.
Across baseball, teams have learned the folly of paying for past heroics instead of future results.
Plenty of others see Ochocinco, who legally changed his surname from Johnson in 2008 for reasons not fully explained, as a welcome court jester in what is often derided as the No Fun League.
“Need to Know” will replace the public affairs programs “Bill Moyers Journal” and “Now,” which end in April.
Baldwin initially dismissed the rumor as a joke, until “it became hideously clear that it was not a joke at all.
Mr. Mendes does, and well enough to do it full time.
My commitments are based upon business decisions, family trips, holidays, going to school to watch my kids play in the sports they are involved in.
Assemblyman Carl E. Heastie, the chairman of the Bronx Democratic Party, said, “I have nothing but fabulous things to say about her.” In 2006, Ms. Cunningham took a leave from her post as 1199’s political director to work without pay on Mr. Cuomo’s campaign for attorney general.
Finally, after a reasonable facsimile of care is obtained, the child is usually better, but nowhere near perfect.
Now men are being introduced to the concept of mattification, with new products that are meant to be patted on their heads and faces.
He was charmed by the architecture, the old church across the street and the views of Manhattan .
The failed power play was costly as Elias, just out of the penalty box, fired a shot over Auld’s right shoulder to give the Devils a 2-0 lead at 6:59.
Those links through time have made this year’s Athens Classic Marathon (itself only 28 years old) a must-do for many who might otherwise be running in New York on Nov. 7.
The petty machinations of the police, drug dealers and influence peddlers in “Ajami” unfold in a context of political conflict and communal mistrust.
On Thursday, Google is going to begin covering a cost that gay and lesbian employees must pay when their partners receive domestic partner health benefits, largely to compensate them for an extra tax that heterosexual married couples do not pay.
“I am 51 years old, born and raised here, and this is the first time I feel like I am a human being,” said Abu Luay Issawi, who owns a grocery store in Mar Elias, a refugee camp in Beirut.
And if all goes as expected, the colt will be the first Derby mount for the 20-year-old jockey Joe Talamo.
quarterback and Super Bowl M.V.P.
“On the site, it is like all yoga, all day, every day, yoga news, 24 hours a day,” she said, “and I am really interested in it and everything about it.” The blog adheres to the adage that many a great truth is spoken in jest, and semi-serious issues are wrapped in a playful guise.
“There’s always been concern about these companies,” she said.
More than any other artist, Dix made every stop on the itinerary of German modernism, including Realism, Dada, Surrealism, Expressionism and visionary, and he managed it all in one decade, the Roaring ’20s.
He replaces Kevin Pritchard, who was fired shortly before the draft last month.
After two levels of the mine collapsed on Aug. 5 and contact with the miners was lost, family members set up camp here, hoisting tents and a statue of San Lorenzo, the patron saint of miners.
The most intimate spot is the counsel’s podium.
“We have agreed to unite together and fight the foreign troops that back the apostate government,” Mr. Abdifitah said at the news conference.
“I was kind of happy because it’s kind of tough coming off the bench, hitting your first shot,” Williams said.
Even Maya Angelou, the poet, likes the Colts (28-16, by the way).
“She didn’t have to be in the room alone feeling sorry for herself.” Two years away from being declared cancer free for a second time, Paqui is trying to get out and raise money at the only speed she knows.
“Starting in 2011, I don’t think you’ll see as many” pop-ups.
One that, at 21, means knowing what you want and going for it, no matter how many times you’re told “no.” And one that, at 40 (well, 41), means understanding that desire is often less about straight lines than figure eights — the kind, in this case, that I had no hope of mastering.
­Lichtenheld’s high-energy drawings are the main appeal in a series of contests that could have built to more drama.
When he was 6, his father died after a tree fell on him.
Merchant and Mr. Ivory after they saw his the Tony-nominated Broadway performance in “16 Wounded.” “He’ll gather the suggestions of the artists he’s brought together and shape a scene from there.” Mr. Hopkins, reached in Los Angeles where he’s currently filming “Thor,” said he was glad to hear that “City of Your Final Destination” was finally opening.
Jan. 16 at 8 p.m. $35 and $40.
Most Afghans do not keep their money in the banking system, and Kabul Bank is tiny by international standards.
Mr. Rurua said he did not know where the statue would end up.
When a partner dies, this money is used to buy the stake from his or her spouse — who should be obligated to sell through a legal “buy/sell agreement” — and to pay estate taxes.
In her first chapter, called the “User’s Guide,” she insists (among other things) that we check our oven temperatures, spoon flour into a measuring cup rather than scoop and follow her recipe instructions to the letter.
Religious communities have performed this kind of adult education for centuries.
start, a 39-23 loss last week at Oakland.
Europe ’s movement toward unification has always been the product of crises.
“Islam lost its brakes in 1979,” said Mamoun Fandy, a Middle East expert at the International Institute of Strategic Studies in London.
The 2011 Fiesta, for example, will allow some Android and BlackBerry applications to use the car’s voice recognition and steering wheel controls.
Weeding, when done by fish being studied by scientists who are writing reports, is called cultivation mutualism.
Mr. Arland of the mobile video trade group said he expected that the final Mobile DTV products would be better able to capture signals in such challenging environments when models start appearing this spring.
The Seline HD iPad app is $10, but it is one of the more remarkable pieces of music-creation software available.
Even as he urges his administration and others to act, he should remind them — and himself — that this is not the work of a few months.
In the process, readers underscored the polarizing emotions surrounding the question of whether some students would do well to avoid, or at least delay, enrolling in traditional bachelor's degree programs, in favor of obtaining experience more directly related to the jobs they might do.
And I say, you bring Mexico in as the 51st state and we’ll bring in Turkey as the 28th state of the European Union.
JOYCE--Stanley Joseph, 75, of Greenwich Village, New York, on August 4, 2010.
Many of the law’s requirements take effect this week.
And the academic pay situation may be even worse than the survey indicates, according to John Curtis, the association’s director of research and policy.
He always wants to have the ball, even during difficult phases.
infection among his people, the king has declared that the tradition of circumcision must be revived.
To the Editor: Your obituary of Joseph Sobran described him as having “a skeptical line on the Holocaust” (“ Joseph Sobran, 64, Writer Whom Buckley Mentored ,” Oct. 2).
Bank stocks rose Wednesday after announcement of the new rules because of investor relief that they were not more onerous.
A little bit freaky, that was.
The Hilton on the beach sold out in midweek.
Mr. Wilson said that he had been skeptical about including so many genres under one roof — jazz, hip-hop, rock, world and classical — but that he had been proven wrong.
But the Chinese are unlikely to stop talking soon.
Marge Reed, 75, opened her screen door and before he could complete a sentence said, “You know what, Mr. Murphy, I don’t believe anything anybody tells me anymore.” She apologized for her frankness but said it was to be expected because of her Irish heritage.
 “ ‘Mad Men’ brings back the sex appeal of the advertising industry,” said Al DiGuido, chief executive at Zeta Interactive, a digital agency that monitors discussions in online media like blogs, message boards and Twitter through mining technology it calls Zeta Buzz.
Alvin Wade, a national managing partner at the consulting firm Grant Thornton, who has been advising clients on accounting issues in lodging and real estate for more than 30 years, says most lenders are loath to foreclose on a property because this would require writing down the value of the asset on their books, which could force them to raise additional capital to meet regulatory capital requirements.
Mr. Moran’s trio, Bandwagon, is still reacting to jazz and Americanness, coming at it sideways rather than taking up a tradition.
“You don’t get anywhere unless you set high expectations.” But success, at least so far, has been elusive.
Javier Vazquez placed the ball in Girardi’s hand and walked toward the dugout, his pace slow and deliberate, as if he had bad news to deliver.
She relates to a certain kind of woman who feels neglected by politicians and talked-down to by the type of woman who may have gone to an elite college.
Kevin Zirulo and Diane Marshall, brother and sister, have more unlikely stories than a reality television show.
That having been said, I didn’t get any bad hops.
Brandt includes discursive background material on, for example, politics and preferment, the ebb and flow of public support for exploration, and, of course, the personalities involved, like the compassionate dandy George Back and the handsome commander William Parry, whose 1819-20 voyage many historians still consider the most successful ever made in the Arctic.
Part of the problem is that hospitals may skimp on quality assurance because, depending on the state, it is voluntary, medical physicists say.
“The will of the people was clear” Heydari told The Wall Street Journal’s Margaret Coker.
They can blast their air-conditioners all summer long without paying a dollar extra.
They came to engage in the society rite of “coming out”: nowadays a ceremonial pageant in which a young woman is presented to the public as an eligible bachelorette.
Keen scholars can use these histories to track how our knowledge about the world and everything in it changes over time, but the rest of us use Wikipedia and similar repositories of facts mainly as a quick and very blunt research tool.
You’re going to struggle if you go somewhere that you think you should be and your heart’s not in it.
But she had begun to grow up since then.
RECOMMENDED DISHES Plov, braised cabbage with rice and meat, samsa, kuksu, hye of eggplant.
“Being the shortest, fattest guy out there, I always have to guard the girl,” Mr. Caparulo says.
Most of the outages were in Bergen County, the company Web site said.
Odd, then, that the sadly pedestrian new production of William Gibson’s 1959 biographical drama is by far most effective when it is wordless.
Mr. Deak agreed, and after the program received financing from the Westchester Arts Council , foundations and New York State, the first class was held in early 2002.
I have no comment on who we’ve shown it to.
It contained coal , copper, iron, timber, oil, and produced wild grapes — “There’s millions in it!” said a cousin, James Lampton — and “it influenced our life,” Sam writes, it “cheered us up, and said ‘Do not be afraid — trust in me — wait.’ It kept us hoping and hoping, during 40 years, and forsook us at last.
His wife and two daughters, ages 5 and 7, died.
Even now, Venezuela is considered one of the riskiest countries in which to do business of any kind, and a number of major Western oil companies stayed out of the bidding.
Reflecting recently on her lost son, who was the second oldest of her five children, Ms. Murchison started doing a silent roll call in her head.
The bill would channel government-backed loans through the banks.
Li broke back for 3-3, and by the start of the second set, Sharapova’s confidence had dipped.
Energy shares declined as oil remained below $82 a barrel.
Bobby Jindal of Louisiana raised concerns that the rules for final settlements would give claimants shakier legal footing than they currently have under the Oil Pollution Act, which has no geographic limitation on claims and allows them to be made for three years from the time the damage is discovered and six years after cleanup is completed.
At a minimum, Mr. Scaramucci will finally understand why Wall Street is going to remain a piñata for a very long time.
For years his office was in a restored warehouse near the docks, but in September 2008, Hurricane Ike made landfall on the east end of Galveston Island, pushing as much as 20 feet of water into downtown.
Stocks fluctuated for much of the day, but by afternoon, gains in the financial and industrial sectors helped to offset losses in utilities.
backed out of an agreement to sell a majority stake in Opel to Magna International, a Canadian-Austrian auto parts company, and Sberbank, its Russian partner.
Hanes went with the single-star approach after Mr. Sheen was charged with felony assault and menacing after a Dec. 25 fight with his wife.
Coinstar’s RedBox, which places low-cost kiosks in stores, is also aggressively competing in the movie rental business.
A simpler explanation is that the chimps are just innately aggressive toward their neighbors, and that natural selection has shaped them this way because of the survival advantage that will accrue to the winner.
Bond lacks standing to challenge the law under which she was imprisoned “startling” and “absurd.” More broadly, Mr. Clement wrote, the Bond case is an instance of an issue that has lately united conservatives, libertarians and liberals.
The Coyotes are last in the league in attendance despite a surprisingly strong showing on the ice over the past season and a quarter.
Starsia said that he and Virginia women’s coach, Julie Myers, were close and that the programs had been supportive of each other.
That would buy him a Two-Ball Screwball, an Extra Sour Tear Jerkers Sour Cherry Bomb Pop, a green and blue Sour Wower (alternatively called Sour Warrior or Sour Power), but not a Good Humor bar or a Choco Taco.
prior to war.” He wondered whether America could confront the Soviet Union “without becoming a ‘garrison state’ and destroying the very qualities and virtues and principles we originally set about to save.” It is that same dread of a martial America that drives Andrew J. Bacevich today.
It’s going to change the ownership and patenting of life forms.
(The Lyceum’s cafe also has food for sale.)
In an interview published Friday in the German daily newspaper The Frankfurter Allgemeine Zeitung before his visit, Mr. Papandreou aimed to calm public sentiment in Germany.
Danielle Hope, the winner of the BBC television reality show ''Over the Rainbow,'' will play Dorothy.
“But we bought from an investor’s perspective.
There couldn’t be a riper moment for Obama, as a man once said, to bring it on.
The other three plays don’t have as much pizazz, but the acting is solid throughout.
Friday at 8 p.m.; Saturday at 2 and 8 p.m.; City Center, 131 West 55th Street, Manhattan , (212) 581-1212, nycitycenter.org ; $25 to $75.
The study also found a disparity between the graduation rates of black and white players at many institutions.
After conceding a goal from a lapse in concentration in the fourth minute, the resilient Americans played sturdy defense with a suddenly cohesive back line that left England’s top striker, Wayne Rooney, frustrated and inconsequential.
The partnerships do more than provide quick access to legal aid, Dr. Zuckerman said.
(Mr. Roethlisberger was suspended for six games, not five, after he was accused of sexual assault in March, and the N.F.L.
IN 2008, Barack Obama’s presidential campaign seemed to rewrite all the rules in electoral politics and herald a new progressive era in America.
“It’s the same thing as Rodney King,” he said.
He is here to meet with Toby (Mr. Mackie) and Marilyn (Ms. Kazan), who claim to have possession of that long-lost hand.
In comments made mostly before he was hired at The Washington Post three months ago, Mr. Weigel used the term “Paultard” to describe followers of Ron Paul and also suggested that Patrick Buchanan was “an anti-Semite” and that Newt Gingrich was an “amoral blowhard.” More recently, he wrote that Matt Drudge, the conservative aggregator and blogger behind The Drudge Report, should “set himself on fire.” Dumb, that, especially the part about sliming both disabled people and conservatives in just eight letters, but even as his resignation was offered and quickly accepted, none of the Post leadership suggested his actual work was anything less than rigorous or fair.
“The premium is an additional 50 percent of the base premium of the normal comprehensive plan, and it only pays out 75 percent of your losses, not 100 percent.” Here’s a primer on how travel insurance works in various scenarios: Volcanic ash clouds Experts say the Icelandic volcano could erupt intermittently for quite a while and that ash clouds could form at any time.
A cover story on M.I.A.?
But I was surprised by how much it seemed like Beth was fighting, like she was in an emergency and had to get out of the hospital right away.
If you build it, he will come,” Ray Kinsella, the farmer in the 1989 film “Field of Dreams,”hears, mystically, as he walks through his cornfield.
The going rate for a state-of-the-art chip factory is about $3 billion.
The order in which wood is painted, cut and constructed is in flux in Mr. Ryman’s work, neatly obscuring the difference between found and made; thrown together and refined; or for that matter, formalist thinking and hands-on craft.
“I’m not sure I’ve seen them.” The museum later acknowledged that between 2003 and 2009 it sold 2,595 items at Philadelphia-area auction houses, earning a total of about $115,000.
It doesn’t have to be this way.
Ali Farokhmanesh’s father, Mashala, played volleyball for Iran in the 1980 Summer Olympics, but that was not as prestigious as it might seem.
But this forecast was based on a weighted average likelihood of various candidates winning their primaries - for example, we had estimated that Ms. O'Donnell had a 25 percent chance of prevailing in Delaware, and Mr. Lamontange a 30 percent chance of doing so in New Hampshire - leaving Mr. Castle and Ms. Ayotte as the favorites.
And China has resisted American initiatives on climate change policy, turning the recent climate meeting in Copenhagen into a diplomatic drama.
For eight months, Mr. Allawi said he would not participate in any government led by Mr. Maliki, before finally agreeing to a pact to form an inclusive government.
The talented pastry chef shuttered his dessert bar P*ong last year, then a few months later, he bounced back with Spot Dessert Bar, 13 St. Marks Place (Third Avenue), (212) 677-5670, spotdessertbar.com , where he’s the chef.
More than half of employers offer programs to stop smoking or to manage weight, according to a 2009 survey by Aon Consulting.
She shot the upper deck being torn down, the seats being removed and Derek Jeter’s locker being taken apart — and the emotion of longtime team employees like Debbie Nicolosi as a beloved stadium died to give life to one that cost more than a billion dollars to build.
At a time of growing tensions involving Muslims in the United States, a record number of Muslim workers are complaining of employment discrimination, from co-workers calling them “terrorist” or “Osama” to employers barring them from wearing head scarves or taking prayer breaks.
and the Justice Department now try to figure out some way to reopen that case and pursue more stringent enforcement.” Switzerland has until mid-August to turn over the 4,450 names, so any revival of the lawsuit would not come before then, the United States official said.
I don’t think it will spoil anything — it’s a superhero movie, after all, in spite of liberties taken with some genre conventions — to note that Hit-Girl survives.
There is an artist, a taxi driver, a police officer, a tailor — 30 people in all.
It is a case squarely against President Obama and the current speaker, Representative Nancy Pelosi of California, whose name he always pronounces, “pell-oh-Zee” as if practicing his conversational Italian.
Sirleaf’s complexion and her privileged childhood make for a complicated story.
“Our main goal,” Christopher O.
Cambodia’s ancestor-centered native religions were vital and popular.
Since then, he has been out to prove that he is good enough to win an Olympic gold medal.
I’d have to power through.
My children call this friend ''Tante Elana''; tante is the Yiddish word for aunt, even though we are not related by blood.
But the company has no immediate plans to offer an upgraded Ka-band service in competition with Avanti and Eutelsat, said Markus Payer, a spokesman.
We saved the club £10 million by not being relegated.
But, two of the six guns were out of commission.
On the DirecTV setup in Ms. Winfrey’s own home, her network will be on Channel 279, a big leap from Channel 7, where the current show is shown in New York, Los Angeles, Chicago and other major cities.
Edouard Malingue, a French art dealer, opened a gallery in Hong Kong in September with an exhibition that included 40 works by Picasso, 23 of which were illustrations that made up a sketchbook The works will be on view from Dec. 14 through 19 in Taipei in an exhibition hosted by the gallery.
“But we need to make sure it stays that way.” Mr. Hayward, the BP executive, is sure to come under intense questioning on Thursday when he appears before a subcommittee of the House energy and commerce committee.
“The first year, I’d go to meeting after meeting and I’d see all these sorts of promo materials put together of what OWN could be,” Ms. Winfrey recalls.
Whether “TV for 2” will deliver results is anyone’s guess.
Vivien Goldman , a journalist and a friend of Ms. Forster, said that her 1970s persona, characterized by an unapologetic attitude and combination of feminine and utilitarian garb, was an inspiration for women who followed her into the world of punk rock.
Now, because of the political crisis over the Greek bailout, there are many views on how tough the new rules should be, and even who should be in charge of rewriting them.
China’s “warm welcome and cordial hospitality” to Mr. Kim this week, as described by the North’s official news agency, K.C.N.A., deepened South Korean misgivings about the China policy.
They can choose from any of the lines along 14th Street, including the A, C, E and L at Eighth Avenue, the 1, 2 and 3 at Seventh Avenue, and the F, V and L (and the PATH train) at Avenue of the Americas.
We’ve got to try to tap into that.” Maybe it would help if someone could beat Johnson.
“Suddenly, she had this mild panic attack,” he says, explaining that she was reminded of how much of the show’s promotion and image hinged on her.
Steve Hollander, a company executive who had been in the hearing with Mr. Thornton and survived the attack, made the call despite a bullet wound to his head.
HFCs are used as refrigerants in air-conditioners and cooling systems.
He changed his mind about the party on Friday night when his date for the formal, an acquaintance, suddenly bailed out.
Mr. Stone’s characters do not have fun.
“Obama inherited a disaster in Afghanistan and he faces the same bad options he faced in 2008.”
Since its widespread introduction five years ago, it has been credited with significantly lowering mortality rates during famines in Africa.
Iraqi and American officials have hailed the killings and arrests as a debilitating blow to the insurgency, severing its links to Al Qaeda’s international network of tactical and financial support.
“I’d do anything for you,” declared Mr. Bentz, 39, a project manager for an office furniture company.
In that case, it’s not a surprise to find out that Ms. Goodman brought the soft.
Unfortunately the administration and the Democrats are choosing not to listen.
Complexity was what made it possible to hide debt, avoid capital requirements and evade taxes.
Jimmie Stone, partner and creative director at Green Team, calls Kind “a mission brand” for its goal of “changing the way snacking is done.” In developing the campaign, “we started with something we find fascinating,” he says, which is that 86 percent of Kind customers say they have been turned on to the brand through word-of-mouth referrals.
The two men had another encounter shortly before the shootings, when a co-worker called Sergeant Lunsford over because Major Hasan was arguing that he did not need an immunization shot, although he did not have documentation of a prior injection.
Cuellar was only 6 feet and 165 pounds, but Palmer remembered how “he was so strong, when he’d grab your wrist, he could break your bones.” But he did not try to overpower hitters.
THE self-written solo performance has reached such ubiquity in New York that it’s easy to forget how recently the genre became, well, a genre.
Louisville, Ky. Victor Perrone lit up a room.
I don’t think he disappointed tonight.
But I think Mr. Caramanica makes a false distinction between surface and depth.
Currently the most popular paid mobile phone apps cost $1 to $5.
Eliminating the prologue, a Soviet-set discussion of the ethics of land use that is often excised, Mr. Doyle places Brecht’s dovetailing stories of endurance in an unspecified contemporary context.
Many also say that moving away from Yemen’s highly centralized system of government and granting the provinces more power to govern themselves would ease tensions.
Onuaku has not practiced since injuring his leg during a Big East tournament loss to Georgetown last Thursday.
Mr. Yanukovich does not support NATO membership and has indicated that he will abandon some other initiatives opposed by Russia.
Otherwise the play comes across as somber and humane, not casting blame or casting it everywhere.
After his tee shot on the seventh hole veered several yards to the right of the fairway, he took a few practice swings.
Although the Lisbon Strategy, approved in 2000, set a target for the European Union to become the world’s most competitive economy within a decade, the latest plan sets the more modest aim of generating an additional 2 percent of economic growth across the bloc in the next decade.
The MoMA/MoMA PS1 finalists include three Brooklyn firms — Interboro Partners, Matter Architecture Practice and FormlessFinder (also of New Haven).
This problem will be resolved, most likely, only when music and video is not stored locally on individual machines, but accessed from the cloud.
At the time Twain drafted this will, Aug. 17, 1909, he had arranged to leave everything 50/50 to his two surviving children, Jean and Clara.
Morneau has hit 9 of his 11 homers on the road, and Jim Thome 4 of his 5.
I reminded him about our first meeting, but he had no recollection of it.
The circularity is a little dizzying.
Klitschko, of Ukraine, holds the International Boxing Federation, World Boxing Organization and International Boxing Organization titles.
Lately, there have been monthly rummy games; each September, they roast a pig.
Mr. Jaffe said he saw the delay in submitting the final report to Congress as a good sign, suggesting that changes were in the works.
And given its tear-inducing pungency, the accompanying horseradish is plenty fresh.
The Vietnamese salad I tried was generous and refreshingly light, with jicama, napa cabbage, mango and crispy vermicelli embroidered with wisps of fresh cilantro.
But the Chinese government could change that arrangement at any minute, Mr. Schmidt said.
A frenzied celebrity media throng will await Tiger Woods next month at the gate to the Augusta National Golf Club.
''''If someone has to hit a lob shot, then he's made a big mistake,'' Small said.
MARLINS ROUGH UP HOFFMAN Jorge Cantu hit a go-ahead double in the seventh inning as Florida became the latest team to rough up Trevor Hoffman, sending the Marlins over the visiting Milwaukee Brewers, 6-4.
To be fair, spending on safety-net programs, mainly unemployment insurance and Medicaid , has risen — because, in case you haven’t noticed, there has been a surge in the number of Americans without jobs and badly in need of help.
Its title is apt: much of the piece is about shifting textures — slowly sliding chordal figures; brash, fortissimo string scraping; pianissimo arpeggios — and eerie, hard-to-define tonalities.
But he also said that anti-E.P.A.
The Giants win the pennant!” — sounding like the Giants broadcaster Russ Hodges when Thomson hit the home run on Oct. 3, 1951.
Economic and racial disparities are examined: the plantation kitchen was detached from the main house to keep heat away and the races apart.
“There have to be initiatives taken at the national level” to create benefits to those with graduate certificates, he said, “because these schools were envisioned by the national government.” Currently, local school districts have different policies regarding promotions and benefits for teachers with graduate degrees.
The Israel Chamber Orchestra plans to play a concert next summer in Bayreuth, Germany, the city most associated with Richard Wagner , whose music is taboo in the Jewish state because of its embrace by Hitler and because of the composer’s noted anti-Semitism.
It was the wrong fuel, in the wrong system.
Every week -- usually on Thursdays -- Mr. Higgins takes a city bus to Rikers Island, lugging a sack of books that inmates have requested.
What were some other big influences for you as a leader?
Roger Greenberg — a former musician who works as a carpenter and whose vocation is writing eloquent letters of complaint about apparently minor inconveniences — is both heavily scarred and heavily armed.
A Czech who also speaks Spanish and German, Mr. Seidl said in a series of recent interviews that he served in the Czechoslovak Army in the 1960s, including in counterintelligence, but fled after the 1968 Soviet invasion.
From 2004 to 2006, Mr. Mitchell, who lives in Coral Gables, Fla., and has developed hotels, shopping centers and other commercial real estate, received the $80 million in loans from Integrity, the indictment says.
$700,000 to $899,999 Suffern........... $765,000 86 North Lorna Lane, Rockland 6-year-old stone and stucco colonial; 2-story great room w/fireplace, family room, 3-car garage, 1.4-acre lot; tax- es $19,778; listed at $779,900.
The bright-eyed, carefree pop star of her debut record is gone.
Timothy White, the youngest victim in a notorious California kidnapping case, died on April 1.
At the Quad Cinema, 34 West 13th Street, Greenwich Village.
When Nelson Mandela was president, he rarely spoke about AIDS.
As attorney general, Mr. Cuomo has undertaken several major initiatives that have coincided with interests of those donors.
In 1919, she wore a red costume and played the paprika part in the salad dance.
But that will change Friday with the arrival of “MacGruber,” an action spoof based on a recurring sketch about a superspy with a vast arsenal of personal problems.
contract to do more approaches is unclear.
Any writer could tell you that.
He had lost seven consecutive matches to Roddick.
Then there’s the price tag: $17 to shed your frazzled self in the company of sweaty strangers, while a bargain in the cosmic sense, can sting deeply in these recessionary times.
As children grow older than my patient, behavioral and other treatments can make a big difference.
But in recent years, the West has turned ever more to such notions as humanitarian interventionism while China upholds a policy of absolute noninterference — largely to assure its economic access but also to forestall humanitarian interventionism when it comes to matters like Tibet or China’s treatment of its own dissidents.
He had 6 points and 5 rebounds in 21 minutes Tuesday.
A variety of polls showed him with a 10-point lead in the race.
Senior officials say his trial is undermining their broader effort to showcase reforms that they say have made military commissions fair and just.
Both the Democratic and Republican approaches have problems.
Inside are two main rooms, while Mr. Krasinski’s bedroom, which has a separate entrance, has been turned into a guest room for visiting artists.
Quench already had the technology, connecting its filtration system to the office’s water source and using ultraviolet light to kill bacteria.
They just didn’t notice her.
I was for civil unions and believed strongly that the flow of benefits and protections that would be provided in a civil union for same-sex couples, the decisions that have to be made, when health hardships are faced, when economic hardships are faced, I wanted all of those protections.
85th minute | Messi close again Wonderful stuff from Messi.
(It ends low-key, with a pensive female solo set to “Stardust.”) But it’s also because much about Mr Alston’s style — the way he responds to sound, rhythm and phrasing; the way he sculptures a dancer’s body in space; the tripping intricacy of the footwork he gives his performers — is compellingly unusual.
But if the retailer can be trusted as a consumer bellwether, serious inflationary pressure could be further off than the hawks expect.
As Mr. Alberda explained, he wasn’t trying to be offensive.
They played better than us,” said Derek Jeter, who had one of the Yankees’ two hits, a run-scoring double in the sixth, and also walked twice.
Four days before the game, a 7.0 magnitude earthquake struck Haiti, leveling much of the capital, Port-au-Prince, and resulting in an estimated 200,000 deaths.
BP and/or Transocean personnel misinterpreted or chose not to conduct such tests at the Macondo well.” In its investigation, BP said that on the morning of April 20, its team decided not to conduct a cement evaluation log.
''It's tough, but I'd rather have it that way,'' Mr. Kane said.
Giving of this sort is different from the disaster relief we do.
Ms. Quinn said the budget still provided money to groups that help children who are abused and victims of domestic violence, who are often sexually assaulted.
By the time Jay or Conan or anybody else weighs in, we are already in on the joke and it’s old news.
— to be taught in English — will last for 10 months, followed by a seven-month internship at a luxury company of the student’s choice.
This latest uproar came about a month after prominent Republicans excoriated Mr. Obama for supporting the building of a mosque near ground zero and just a few weeks after Glenn Beck , the television personality, held his faith-based rally on the National Mall.
Funeral Mass Monday, April 5, 11am, Epiphany Church, 22nd St. and Second Ave., New York.
Another was more direct: “Get Cliff Lee!” he shouted.
Despite the expected bankruptcy, American and Delta are competing fiercely in hopes of tapping a restructured JAL’s routes to the fast-growing Asian market.
Her original plan was to find replacement furniture herself.
If there is an upside to Portugal’s financial crisis for BMW and other European exporters, it is that worries about debt there and in Greece and Spain have helped push down the euro versus the dollar , making sales in the United States market more profitable.
But in 2007, the Louisiana office chose to write only an informal letter of concurrence with the minerals service’s assessment, the agency’s lowest level of review.
Robinson received a 15-yard penalty.
But noting that Elizabeth is “hardworking and warmhearted, with an independent mind,” her teacher gets her a job as a page at the New-York Circulating Material Repository.
Hill Country Chicken also makes pie shakes.
One former copy editor at Politico, Campbell Roth, happened to buy a Washington condominium a few years ago that Allen had just vacated.
Of the $5.1 billion, developing countries will contribute $1.6 billion in connection with a shift in representation that will give them 47.19 percent of voting power, up from 44.06 percent.
Far into the future, Shanghai’s six new metro lines and its improved light rail network should continue to help alleviate congestion and air pollution, two of the city’s most serious problems.
It was the only club open in the city, and a lot of people had a lot of money from Katrina, the checks and stuff, so the joy inside that club — I don’t think that’ll ever come back.” “Freedia was one of the first artists to come back after the storm and start working,” Fensterstock said, “and she worked really, really hard.
The soap opera, financed by the United Nations and its partners, for instance, is part of a 16-episode series shown three nights a week in 16 camps, along with music videos and Haitian movies.
Childress said that Tomlinson planned to go home to San Diego to discuss his options with his wife before making a decision.
Under China ’s legal system, the police can send people to so-called re-education through labor for up to four years without trial.
Its ''breakfast'' special -- tiered with fried green tomato, pimento cheese, fresh-ground beef and a gooey griddled egg -- is a wonder of patty perfectionism.
Rabbi Suri Levow Krieger officiated at Stage 6 at Steiner Studios, an event space in the Brooklyn Navy Yard.
There are questions from the police and lawyers.
The newly created position is the first to oversee all the agency’s many food and nutrition programs.
And Ms. Rice said she was satisfied that there were enough sticks if the carrots failed to work.
For much of the middle of the last century, organized crime ruled the Strip, developing and managing an array of casinos, skimming their way to success.
“No sane mind can believe that all this was possible in 10 days.” In another sign of an intensified crackdown on dissidents, a Kurdish activist, Fasih Yasamani, 28, was executed early Wednesday by hanging at the Khoy prison in western Iran, on charges of membership in a Kurdish separatist group, according to the Human Rights Activists News Agency .
Access to these trade routes “belongs to New Orleans,” he thundered in a speech at a railroad builders’ convention in 1852.
Garza (11-5) faced the minimum 27 batters , allowing only a second-inning walk to Brennan Boesch, who was erased on a double play.
“My hopes are to continue to build out a voice for our media properties and to replicate the success we have had in Yahoo Sports,” said James Pitaro, head of media at Yahoo.
They were burly men who supported their families with an all-American pursuit: getting kegs and cases of Budweiser from the warehouse to store shelves and saloons.
In the months since the explosion, this tiny, oil-producing town in southern Mississippi has turned its attention to raising public awareness and lobbying for stricter safety regulations at oil tank sites.
But those three need their own strategy to make it happen.
The truth is, these early settlers, whose principles still underlie the American ideal, worked for their individual benefit while cooperating with one another for their mutual benefit.
Tim Tebow already has a shoe ad, but what's his job?
“A very hard job needs to be done,” he said at a news conference in Frankfurt.
So in that very large house, much to the architect’s and builder’s dismay, there was not a ceiling higher than seven feet.
The problem affects 2008-9 A5s and 2009 A4s and Q5s.
A coating with a sheen of oil would do little harm, Dr. Mendelssohn said.
The other is making good on our commitment to exit as quickly as practicable.” The point man for the Obama administration has been Mr. Bloom, a central member of the auto task force.
On the one hand, I should not access anyone else’s medical information unless I need to.
And new penalties levied on strategic defaulters by Fannie Mae could further curb the practice.
He rushed outside, half expecting at any moment to hear his messenger friends laughing.
But do edible beauty products really work?
They were all based on Daimler photographs.
Joseph Lubega and his wife were strolling through a popular part of town, doing some shopping over the Christmas weekend, when a uniformed police officer approached and slapped his wife across the face, he said.
Not long after, he shaved his head.
Are you breathing hard?’ ” Like the other women, Lieutenant Kronschnabel, a high school athlete in soccer, softball and gymnastics, had to meet rigorous physical requirements in the Marines.
He was a director of Productions at WNYC.
The number of Palestinian refugees in 1948 is disputed, but one U.N. report in 1950 estimated 711,000.
So I’m going to show up.”
''In my old neighborhood, you were supposed to eat macaroni, get a job and die,'' he said.
Legislators should fight to make that the law when reform is debated on the Senate floor.
Apparently, some Web sites facilitate this.
But she is small in physical stature only — like the Yorkshire terriers she and Frank have long raised.
Michael Jordan was easy to spot courtside in his bright red coat.
The secrecy, and the prominence of the venture capitalists backing Bloom, have fueled both hype and skepticism about its efforts.
In short, he relied on sophisticated guesswork.
Carl P. Paladino has recruited his wife to hit the campaign trail and has put his daughter in a new commercial urging voters to “get to know my dad.” At the same time, Attorney General Andrew M. Cuomo has rolled out an advertisement touching on abortion and has ferried his daughters across the state in an RV on a political tour.
But these are good challenges for our team, especially as you are trying to set the foundation of the principles for the team for the year.” Given the team’s offensive prowess, its defensive abilities can be overlooked.
Oh, and by the way, if they did operate on Madeline today, they would probably use laparoscopic surgery.
Don’t expect the No Party to own up to their past red ink.
They will do anything for work.” It was raw need that brought Shazia into the house of Chaudhry Naeem, a prominent lawyer who lives in a wealthy neighborhood in this leafy city in eastern Pakistan.
Every few pages, Kerley includes samples of the journal, minibooks stapled to the spine: “His favorite game is billiards,” Susy writes, “and when he is tired .
Auriemma was clearly grateful for Greene.
But even in hard driving, we never got the Alfa’s marvelously strong engine over 3,500 r.p.m.
$880,000* 267-273 First Street, Brooklyn r 2 f 2 h 0 o 8 weeks 1,260-sq.-ft. duplex condo in a new building; commercial-grade appliances, h/w floors, c/a, terrace; common charge $461; taxes $792 (abated); listed at $908,000.
He begins his day with a 7:30 meeting with about six or seven writers, researchers and producers split between the television and radio teams.
But the Shinwari elders did not merely declare their opposition to the Taliban.
“That will be the place to introduce it or get it done.” ...
This is not a black-and-white situation.
But when the show opened in Manhattan, the director, Arthur Penn, cast Dianne Wiest.
“In their haste to dump detainees in the county jails because it’s convenient and cheap,” Mr. Sullivan said, Immigration and Customs Enforcement “overlooked the discrepancies with the standards ICE itself has proclaimed.” Mr. Sullivan’s group is beginning to expand its visits from the Elizabeth Detention Center to the Hudson County Correctional Institute, in Kearny But the Essex County and Bergen County jails have rebuffed efforts to institute a sign-up sheet for detainees to request visits, he said.
It already lent fishing poles to residents, and Mr. Greene saw no reason not to do the same with seeds.
It was difficult for the Nationals to raise the $300,000 for their trip to the world championships, and the delay in traveling to England — and the arrangements that had to change as a result — has already cost the team more than $20,000, Ms. Waterman said.
You get what you earn in this game.
Trust me, as a Little League coach, I'll be using his example of sportsmanship, perspective and respect for authority.
The project sits directly off the beach, and it holds 41 one- to three-bedroom units, including penthouses, that owners will be able to rent as hotel rooms while they are away.
But robots were a new wrinkle, and Mr. Metheny seemed eager to explain himself.
At 1.5 pounds, the iPad gets heavy in your hand after awhile (the Kindle is 10 ounces).
“They did a great job on us,” tailback Kenjon Barner said.
THE POSSESSED: Adventures With Russian Books and the People Who Read Them .
Lawrence Reynolds Jr., 43, was executed by lethal injection at the Southern Ohio Correctional Facility nine days after guards found him unconscious in his cell.
Some of the party’s constituents believe Mr. Cuomo is intent on emasculating their coalition before he arrives in Albany, viewing it as a potential threat to his authority if he becomes governor.
Also, Congress must act by the end of this year if the Bush-era income tax cuts are to be extended beyond their Dec. 31 expiration.
He reads slowly, haltingly, stumbling over pronunciations, getting the emphasis all wrong.
Income from offerings for that week was $2,215.74.
But don’t spread that around, O.K.?
We pledged to make NATO more effective in carrying out its missions; more efficient in the way it uses its resources, and more engaged with the wider world to tackle global challenges such as terrorism, proliferation and cyber warfare.
I'm proud of our once-famous history.
That was three days after the church acknowledged that the pope, then Archbishop Joseph Ratzinger, had responded to early accusations of molestation by allowing the priest to move to Munich for therapy in 1980.
The Food and Drug Administration relies on 49 expert committees to advise it on policy matters and on whether particular drugs or other medical products are safe and effective.
Fox was the runner-up, drawing a modest 5.9 million viewers for “Fringe” at 9, but faring better at 8 with “Bones” (8.8 million).
“The earthquake, the cholera, the election — everything’s upside down in Haiti.” Federal officials suspended deportations to Haiti immediately after the Jan. 12 earthquake.
HARTFORD The Russell “The Love Jones Experience,” poetry readings, spoken word and music.
And a Singapore newspaper, Lianhe Morning News, said Friday that some of the victims of the fire complained that the government was pressuring them to move back into the building and out of hotels the city had placed them in.
He returned to Wesleyan and graduated in 1946.
In Sweden and neighboring Finland, over 30,000 tons are gathered each season, according to Polarica, the largest producer there.
last year, from 9.3 percent in 2006, but in doing so had alienated voters.
“We don’t understand it,” Rabbi Spinner said.
The new proposal would try to do that by addressing a crucial American concern: keeping the helicopters close to the thousands of Marines stationed on Okinawa.
Show up every single day, lead the team by saying things that need to be said when they need to be said.” Rollins’s decision to tone down the verbal part of his game coincides with Philadelphia’s arrival as a recent World Series champion and consistent contender.
But authenticity, in movies and in life, is never entirely what it seems and is not in itself necessarily enough.
Known as secondary recovery methods, they are used once the natural pressure in the reservoir has fallen.
RED BANK Count Basie Theater “If You Ever Leave Me... I’m Going With You!” A comedy starring husband-and-wife team Renée Taylor and Joe Bologna.
An independent stability council would propose the allocation of blue bonds based on a review of national budgets.
“I think we ought not to get too impatient,” Mr. Gates said.
Both are $5; members, free.
I just saw Burt Hooton and Brad Arnsberg.
Birds have the same thing.” I often saw pairs sitting belly to belly, arching their necks and nuzzling together their heads to form a kind of heart shape.
While 29 percent said the impact of illegal immigration on Hispanics living here had been positive, 31 percent said it had been negative, a sharp increase since 2007.
The conclusions are the result of a collaboration of federal and state wildlife agencies, universities and conservation groups.
John G. McCoy attended Marietta College in Ohio.
( A pink rose honoring Diana can be purchased on the company’s Web site for $395.)
“Retro/Active” has been meticulously assembled by Deborah Cullen, El Museo’s director of curatorial programs.
THE Japanese stock market has had more comebacks than Elvis.
That left them facing expensive repairs.
Although she had a very warm and open presence, I stayed focused on my lunch as she ordered the chicken in a basket.
A decision not to appeal would also ensure that the ruling against the government went no higher than a district court judge’s decision, which — unlike one by an appeals court — would not set a binding precedent.
Jenkins, recovering from knee surgery, is listed at 360, and Woody at 330.
“What we found are the constants that describe every city,” he says.
Rajevac’s concern is probably well founded.
The bureau’s figures are compiled from data voluntarily submitted by 13,237 local and state law enforcement agencies across the country, and measure the number of offenses reported to the authorities.
Mr. Anand, 40, has been among the world’s top players for two decades.
But the moneyed clout of K Street makes it urgent that Mr. Obama deliver on an even bigger promise.
She also liked the store’s patterned paper napkins, which were “decorative and beautiful,” she said, and would be good for casual get-togethers.
The British troops split into two groups, pulled back from the clash and called in airstrikes from American A-10 attack planes.
However, all alternative materials examined so far have failed to meet expectations, Ms. Cadet-Mercier said.
“She had no reluctance, for instance, about going on and on about God.
usually takes the lead in police corruption investigations.
This occurred on Tuesday, when he entered the front lobby of the courthouse for his arraignment on charges that he breached security at the airport on Jan. 3.
When Tshabala’s husband died in 2005, the Grannies became her extended family to share the grief and sorrow.
Eiland, who missed most of June to attend to a personal matter, was not retained for reasons General Manager Brian Cashman called, after the playoffs, “personal” and “private.” In Chicago, Rothschild worked with the volatile and erratic Carlos Zambrano, who may remind him of his newest — and perhaps most important — project, A.J.
“This past week has been pretty good for him in terms of showing a different face to independents,” said Mickey Edwards, a former Republican congressman from Oklahoma who voted for Mr. Obama in 2008.
There are two overarching factors that make the U.S. policy unpalatable: Public opinion keeps souring; most Americans now think the war isn’t winnable.
First came the mother, Leisa Jones, pushing her 2-year-old son, Jermaine Sinclair, in a stroller.
WHAT WE LIKED Steak salad , shrimp salad, shao mai dumplings, spring rolls, pan-fried vegetable dumplings, steamed shrimp dumplings, drunken noodles, basil chicken, lemon grass pork chops, grilled salmon, grilled jumbo prawns, garlic chicken, lemon sorbet.
Funeral - Beth El, New Rochelle, Monday June 7 at 11:30am.
In this way, Mr. Obama risked confusing the voters — and not for the first time.
“Anything that makes the hair on the back of your neck stand up,” she said.
Rosario A. Iaconis Mineola, N.Y., Sept. 15, 2010 The writer is vice chairman of the Italic Institute of America.
On April 23, members of the office spent several hours walking through the building and reviewing the work.
“And in Yemen, you can walk into a local branch of FedEx and mail something to the U.S. You can’t do that in Somalia or in rural Afghanistan.” Al Qaeda’s Yemen-based branch, which calls itself Al Qaeda in the Arabian Peninsula, does not consider the United States a key target, intelligence officials and analysts say.
At least 27,000 jobs depend directly on the fisheries.
For weeks, the White House has put more emphasis on Ohio than nearly any other state, but over the weekend, signs of a Republican revival were underscored by Mr. Boehner’s rare public appearances in his own state.
Though rusty and slow, local buses on Mauritius offer a view of all levels of local society during travel between villages at fares of about 18 to 30 rupees (63 cents to $1.04 at 29 rupees to the dollar).
playoffs kicked off their second round Thursday night, with no rest for the weary Red Wings, who went to San Jose and got knocked silly by three goals in less than a minute and a half.
“Some of my friends felt the reference to their neighborhoods was insulting,” she said.
Five cameras track the action around the table, avoiding the usual straight-across-the-newsdesk lineup, relaying the spontaneity of a news media dugout bull session.
Satire is a key theme of your life, as a professor of 18th-century English literature.
Internal and external critics said a country that prided itself on being ready for all eventualities, including war, was clearly not.
Hartford!’ Featuring Melvin George, R. C. Smith and Pete Michaels.
Thousands of children in Senegal are forced to beg on the streets under the pretext that they are receiving religious instruction, Human Rights Watch said in a report Thursday that urged the government to crack down on the long-established phenomenon.
The stalkers have prompted questions about how to define what is public and what is private on the campaign trail.
In a crimson top with gold lacey accents, she had a fiery look as she tried to perform her moves with precision.
Some supporters distanced themselves from the comments made by Mr. Broden, who is trying to unseat Representative Eddie Bernice Johnson, a Democrat.
(Flicker Alley, $39.95, not rated) ALSO OUT THIS WEEK THE BOUNTY HUNTER When his ex-wife (Jennifer Aniston) skips bail, a hapless bounty hunter (Gerard Butler) gets the assignment.
I wasn’t sure how I was going to make it through the Prado, which my husband and I had been looking forward to all week.
The lawsuit, though widely anticipated, was confirmed by an unexpected source: Secretary of State Hillary Rodham Clinton , who answered a question about it from an Ecuadorean TV journalist in an interview on June 8 that went all but unnoticed until this week.
His conversation and responses were a loop of what neurologists call stereotypies — persistent repetition of acts and words.
I was still in the same cab when I felt my rear end vibrate.
But will the experience translate to other entertainment?
Help others look for lost balls.
What Mr. Morgenthau has never said in his public statements describing his relationships with Mr. Rangel and Mr. Isenberg is that he was an investor in Mr. Isenberg’s oil drilling company at the time he arranged and attended two meetings between the two men, meaning his finances stood to be affected by the fate of the tax break.
In one gallery oscillating fans move table-tennis balls around the strings of an open grand piano, producing softly dissonant arpeggios.
Melvin, who interviewed for two hours Wednesday, has managed the Seattle Mariners and the Arizona Diamondbacks and was said to be impressive in his second interview.
But Florida voters between now and November can probably expect to hear a little less from Mr. McCollum about his attempt to strike down the federal mandate for health care coverage - at least outside of court.
Officials say that Mr. Salyer and others at SK Foods greased the palms of a handful of corporate buyers in exchange for lucrative contracts and confidential information on bids submitted by competitors.
It remained unclear on Saturday why the Kanes were pulled over.
The decision also closes parks like Red Rock State Park in Sedona that draw tens of thousands of tourists a year.
Mr. Haugland’s postwar life, punctuated by the Kon-Tiki adventure, was devoted to the military and museums.
Those Web sites are now must-buys for advertisers online, and the ad industry is watching Twitter closely to see if it continues to follow that path.
Or do you want to do all of the above?
As you note, in acting as your husband’s agent, you sought information to which you are entitled.
With daisies in their hair and sand dunes in the mind’s eye, the models at the Alexis Mabille show were a world away from the smartly dressed men in bowties who jump-started the designer’s career.
He also maintains a wall of secrecy around his three “underground stringers” in North Korea, who he says do not know he works for Daily NK, an Internet news service based in Seoul and reviled by Pyongyang.
“The reward for people is doing the work,” he said.
Finally we arrived in the I.C.U., and although I had given them a tape-recorded patient report, the nurse wanted to know more.
You just don’t know what their plans are.
With so many of these kinds of clothes widely available, you expect a more specific statement from Mr. Van Noten.
That invasion killed some 1,400 Palestinians and destroyed a great deal of property, including buildings like the parliament’s offices that have no military function.
KATONAH WITH the hollowed cheekbones, craggy brow and weathered clothing of a mistreated servant, the nearly lifesize wooden rod puppet slowly and meticulously sets the dining room table at his master’s house in 1950s Johannesburg.
Dana Jennings is an editor at The New York Times.
“I would say that about one-quarter of the essays so far constitute self-explanation for curious outsiders,” Mr. Judt wrote in an e-mail message.
Indeed, youth development was the theme of Tuesday’s postmatch remarks.
“We have yet to hear any response on any issue, including borders,” he said.
Consider the case of David M?r, a silver medalist in luge at the 2010 Vancouver Olympics, who complied with a photographer's request to bite his medal -- Nadal-style -- for a picture and ended up with a broken tooth.
Some women still find a soulmate in Nora Ephron , whose 1972 essay in Esquire, “A Few Words About Breasts,” perfectly articulated the lament of women who realized they were never going to fill out.
A number of Republican strategists say there is little evidence the Tea Party agenda will turn off voters.
On the bleakest of afternoons, I’d dream up myriad plans for cooking with that first batch.
An organization that brings together most of the world’s major central banks said Monday that the easy money that has propped up the banking system during the financial crisis must soon be withdrawn — even as it warned that many banks are still in fragile health.
“The way to do that is to facilitate the use of fur by designers.” Their success has infuriated anti-fur activists like Dan Mathews, the senior vice president of People for the Ethical Treatment of Animals, who described the fur marketing as “a smoke and mirrors campaign, where they give designers money and free fur to accessorize the runway, even though that stuff never ends up in shops.” Several of those designers are too young to remember the vicious battles over fur in the 1980s and ’90s, when a PETA member tossed a dead raccoon onto the plate of Anna Wintour while she was dining at the Four Seasons; another tossed a tofu cream pie in Mr. de la Renta’s face.
But for Obama administration officials, the outcry has come to represent an unnecessary obstacle in the fight against terrorism, an obstacle they see as created by a handful of activists and politicians who complain loudly about practices that are valuable and have created no concrete instances of abuse.
Bond yields remained near their lowest levels since January 2009 as traders expected the Federal Reserve to step up its purchases of Treasury issues to lower interest rates and encourage borrowing.
Half of the available foreign-linked investment products trade below their net asset value.
Coming into consciousness, Dr. Petit said, he may have shouted something — perhaps “Hey!” “Don’t worry,” he said a voice responded.
He campaigned through the night on Tuesday, racing from one encounter with night-shift workers to another.
After learning of Ms. Hunt's project, he contacted her.
“There was no one out there.
Much of the report was withheld from the public release because it “revealed security vulnerabilities” at nuclear facilities, said Stephen D. Dingbaum, the commission’s assistant inspector general for audits.
Federal prosecutors investigating cheating in professional cycling have subpoenaed documents from a 2004 case in which a Texas company tried to prove Lance Armstrong used performance-enhancing drugs.
Its best lines, Mr. Roth said, were not as “sophomoric” as his own much-quoted speeches from “Forrest Gump.” Who could forget “Stupid is as stupid does”?
Last year, he was heavily criticized in local Flemish papers for putting new windows in the school for French-speaking Belgians before replacing those in the Flemish school.
Fines were relatively small, and the regulator’s officers were known for their friendly relationship with executives at banks they were supposed to watch.
“Our vulnerabilities are well known, but our existing programs to remedy these weaknesses are inadequate.” Mr. Gates said he was not concerned that secret intelligence shared with allies would be compromised, but he said NATO had weaknesses in its defenses for computer networks at its headquarters and throughout the shared command structure.
“You put yourself in a position as a player to dictate what happens to you as a player, it’s as simple as that,” he said.
Food & Garden Festival,” which celebrates the trend of locally grown food — and is supported in part by the Cleveland Clinic and Heinen’s , a supermarket chain.
Suárez and Müller will be back — but only if their respective teams get through.
So what about those prisoners who maintain they were wrongfully convicted?
Yet, even the construction of additional emergency supply capacity may provide only breathing space.
The recession hit this year’s college freshmen hard, affecting how they chose a school as well as their ability to pay for it, according to an annual nationwide survey released Thursday.
“I had to confront it somehow, but I couldn’t confront it politically, because I’d be thrown in jail.
It also comes with considerable political risk, as antimarket candidates are strong contenders in elections in 2012.
But I think now, at my advanced age, I’ll probably segue into widows.” “Mrs.
In 2009, I learned that working in France for a month was not all about sightseeing, eating in Michelin-starred restaurants and sipping wine.
In this issue, Velardi shares his personal picks for Milanese restaurants (''Caff?ociety,'' Page 40).
But what makes a good teacher?
Dr. Stanley had just left his brother’s house after a Sunday dinner.
''Although keeping a pet can be challenging when cash is tight, some people may have discovered that they want the unconditional love that a pet gives you more.''
I mean the film “Wall Street.” I’m proud of it because I haven’t been asked to do a sequel of one of my other films, so I guess you might call this a minifranchise.
Hungry after all that shopping?
It was testing her knowledge of exponential notation — translating numbers like “3.87 x 10²” into a regular form.
To the Editor: In “Overnighter: California Farmland, Known for Its Drinks” (Oct. 17), Freda Moon captured the flavor and essence of the Anderson Valley: “hills shrouded in straw with green vineyards creeping up their sides ... a fierce, rural independence.” It’s impossible to include all that awaits one there, but I must mention my favorite place to stay in those golden hills overlooking the green vineyards: The Other Place ( www.sheepdung.com ).
That show opened on Dec. 8, 1991, received atrocious reviews and closed a week later.
HACKETT--Gay died on April 9th, 2010 of lung cancer.
For authors in particular she has been a fairy godmother.
The project features a “baby college” offering a nine-week parenting program, all-day kindergarten classes, K-12 charter schools, after-school tutoring, summer school, family counseling and a health clinic.
The vaccine offers protection against diphtheria , tetanus and pertussis , or whooping cough.
Defense lawyers presented the court with a number of medical certificates asserting that the priest could have a heart attack if forced to do so, Mr. Hermosilla said.
Titan, a retired electronics engineer, will watch on television Sunday night from his winter home in Boynton Beach, Fla., when the Jets, not the Giants, play the Cincinnati Bengals in what is likely to be the final game at Giants Stadium.
Netanyahu did not come to power to divide Jerusalem or find a solution to the Palestinian refugees.” The Obama administration says that while talks may be risky, the current drift is even riskier, and the only possible way forward is to put the leaders of the two sides together with American help.
Those figures are then consulted by health insurers to determine how much they, in turn, will pay consumers who go out of network.
Low-carb eaters who drew more protein and fat from vegetable sources like beans and nuts were 20 percent less likely to die over the period than people who ate a high-carbohydrate diet .
Although SRI does roughly 80 percent of its work for the federal government, many of its technologies have been adapted for commercial purposes.
The company also announced an order for 15 E-190 100-seat regional jets from Embraer, valued at $600 million at list prices.
A tax credit that propped up the market last winter but expired in the spring took most of the blame.
Across from the Burton, for instance, Jennifer Willemsen just celebrated the first anniversary of her shop, Curl Up and Dye, a retro-themed hair salon serving 1,500 clients.
“My life should not be a sideshow — ‘Oh look, they’ve got the lights on.
Since Jeff Han presented his multitouch wall at the Technology, Entertainment and Design conference in 2006, we have seen the technology appear in the iPhone, some Android-based smartphones and Hewlett-Packard's TouchSmart countertop computer, but other appearances in consumer electronics have been rare.
The United States has relied on a combination of state renewable energy mandates and federal tax credits to encourage greater reliance on energy from renewable sources.
“What kind of sexual experiences have you had?” is another common question.
Upon getting elected, he embraced four big goals: reduce tariffs; create an independent treasury; establish American control of California and most of the Oregon Territory.
The Energy Department has said it would start issuing those soon.
“It’s important not to just rely blindly on the form,” Mr. Reich said.
It was then, and is now, the largest merger in American business history.
Based on Mr. Malkiel’s studies and other academic work, hedge fund investors should probably assume that reported industrywide returns are really as much as four percentage points lower, which makes hedge fund managers look much less special.
Back in the 1970s and ’80s, the early efforts of American syrah pioneers like Mr. Grahm, Joseph Phelps, Bob Lindquist of Qupé and Steve Edmunds of Edmunds St. John were all intended to emulate Rhone wines .
The “Twilight” heartthrob Taylor Lautner has been cast as the hero of Universal Pictures’ coming “Stretch Armstrong,” Variety reported.
“I’m not a very sit-down person.” But she knows one thing.
While IDEA tries to hire teachers who have at least two years of classroom experience and a record of improving classroom success, it also hires straight out of teacher preparation programs, particularly those around the state.
The European Commission said that where malpractice is detected, the European Union withholds funds, as in this case.
“I can’t imagine scoring is really going to go down,” he said.
“On the specific allegations made against the behavior of C.R.U.
“That’s a line, with two minutes left, they have to defend.
More than one in 10 mortgage holders in Elkhart is seriously behind on payments.
Some 30 of us boarded a small boat that took us about 20 minutes offshore, where we had several charmed sightings of dolphins, both bottlenose and common.
), but you seem to be tying yourself into needless knots.
But Mr. Feingold scoffed at analysts who have all but placed him in the Democratic loss column in his bid for a fourth term.
In Mercury showrooms, the Cyclone and Cougar Eliminator muscle models stoked the performance image.
But I do feel compelled to look at China in an objective way and acknowledge the successes of this system.” That doesn’t mean advocating that we become like China.
The mayoral control law brought stability to a roiling system in which chancellors seemed to come and go as through a revolving door.
We passed by tables set up under a huge white tent, situated for a beautiful view of Biscayne Bay.
Earlier this year, Gay Men’s Health Crisis issued a comprehensive report on the ban , saying that the policy should be changed to permit low-risk gay men — such as those in a monogamous relationship — to donate blood without a deferral period, while deferring higher-risk gay men for a period of time.
In Russia this summer, officials have reported 26,509 fires that so far have burned about 1.9 million acres.
“The funding models we’ve created in higher ed are not sustainable,” Ms. Wellman said.
The notification bill would also create a 30-day waiting period before permission is granted so that officials can consider objections.
He became the first Finnish goalie to backstop his team to a Stanley Cup.
The decision about the casings will also come up during the hearings.
Once a director is confirmed, the bureau can issue regulations and enforce new standards for mortgages, credit cards, payday loans and a wide array of other financial products.
Hold back on the love a little bit.’ I could call up a therapist and find out what it meant.” While he would obviously prefer a hit Broadway show to a flop, he said the past 20 years had made him impervious to criticism.
It was a primitive trip with a sophisticated goal: to understand how heavy use of digital devices and other technology changes how we think and behave, and how a retreat into nature might reverse those effects.
Although Mrs. Merkel has put Iran, North Korea and the Middle East high on her list of issues to discuss, Mr. Medvedev has come with his own list, which includes forging even closer trade and economic ties with Germany, according to German and Russian officials.
BILL HOUSTON of Jenkintown, Pa., responding to Daniel J. Wakin's article about bitter disputes at the Aspen Music Festival and School.
Hotels in Istanbul tend to be either touristy affairs in the Old City or splashy (and pricey) luxury digs that hug the shores of the Bosporus.
The decision was meant to force borrowers to pay more interest and to provide higher interest rates for savers.
Villa scored a magnificent first goal, sprinting between two startled Honduran defenders, enticing a third, Osman Chávez, toward him.
''We don't want someone else's lateness to impact you,'' Dr. Lee said.
Martinez ran for over 100 yards for the second straight game and Roy Helu Jr. added 107 yards and a touchdown.
The real drawbacks are outside the stadium.
Mr. Bernanke spoke favorably of forcing huge banks to hold much more capital, particularly if they were systemically important — so much capital that being big would be costly.
Farmers scythe hay in the shadow of crumbling 10th-century fortresses and ghostly factories.
(The average sale price of residential properties more than doubled during the first half of the 2000s and reached a peak of $950,000 in August 2006, according to data from the Emerald Coast Association of Realtors.
Texas A&M (26-8) had one last chance, but the Gonzaga defense harassed Danielle Adams into a forced jumper from 18 feet.
And Barretto Point Park , opened in 2006 on the heavily industrial shoreline of Hunts Point, typifies the improved waterfront access that the community has pushed for.
A new state government led by the fresh-faced scion of Kashmir’s best-known political family took the reins.
But there are other ideas to keeping computerized markets in check.
On Aug. 12, he opened Ob’Prama, an 870-square-foot shop next to a Fine Fare supermarket, a block from where he lives with his wife and four children.
Without a self, he writes, “the mind would lose its orientation.
(For New York baseball fans, not all of the memories will be pleasant.)
No doubt they’re right, but yakisoba is different.
While imported luxury materials continue to be popular, Mr. Antoni notes that there is also a move toward locally sourced building materials and raw finishes.
While China has shrugged off the United States’ pressure to impose sanctions against Iran, India does not have that option.
But all deserve a fair hearing, particularly those least able to make the case for themselves.
She knew something had to be done.
Overdoses usually hit the 25- to 54-year-olds hardest.
“She has no business taking library property,” Ms. Phillips said.
KENDAL COLORED THE BROW WITH M.A.C.
During the campaign, a conservative group created attack ads linking Mr. Obama with Kwame Kilpatrick, the disgraced former mayor of Detroit, which darkened Mr. Kilpatrick’s skin to have a more persuasive effect.
If the ruling stands, it will be a serious blow to medical research.
It might be tempting to think of this as a temporary blip — a conservative swing during tough times, but that would be shortsighted.
Mr. Causey is generally liked in the delta town of Blytheville, among the farmers, merchants and mechanics who gather every morning to dissect politics and biscuits at Poor Boy’s Café, Sharecroppers and the Dixie Pig.
“As fast as you can.” Most of Scott’s instructions to Hickson involve the word focus, and Hickson is working diligently to comply.
MIDDLETOWN Middletown Township Public Library Holiday concert by the Calvin and Chapel Handbell Ringers, from the First Presbyterian Church in Red Bank.
L. W. Wyman Gig Harbor, Wash., Dec. 7, 2010
According to most white collar lawyers, the ultimate test is whether the information is “material.” There is also a question of whether the manager is breaching his or her fiduciary duty to the company by providing such information.
And what, besides cash, might Chloe have wanted out of their business arrangement?
Saab’s offbeat Nordic charm shows in driver’s gauges with green needles that glow as threateningly as Darth Vader’s light saber; matrix-style air vents and a “night panel” button that blacks out most of the instrument panel.
Though he has occasionally spoken to others of their friendship, he has largely kept his connection to Mr. Conroy to himself and has not attended the trial, as several other of Mr. Conroy’s young friends have.
Belém sits at the mouth of the Amazon River both literally (on the delta where millions of gallons pour into the Atlantic every second) and figuratively — it is the prime destination for travelers seeking out the region’s bafflingly unfamiliar cuisine.
But as much as anything, the program was created to help address one of the most pressing issues facing the military today: overweight and unfit recruits.
prohibited viewers from watching their teams play at home for fear that giving away the games on television would hurt attendance.
Over the last year or so, Mr. McAuley has been evacuated seven times because of potential mudslides.
“So the Chinese government is still waiting for Hillary to speak and for Google to make its final decision and so forth.” The conflict exploded last week when executives at Google said it and more than 30 other American companies had come under sophisticated attacks from hackers.
Further, the state has a well-oiled reform industry of sorts, fueled by voter initiatives and money.
Buyers will need about 50 feet of open space to accommodate the wingspan.
“We would sit there in his house and watch him with the blender and the coconut milk,” Mayor Koch recalled.
LaMarcus Aldridge had 27 points to lead the Trail Blazers, who played their eighth straight game without their leading scorer, Brandon Roy (right hamstring).
“It’s a film that promises everything its movement in cinema can be.” The reaction to “Cyrus” provides the first spotlight on the brothers’ higher profile.
They can’t understand the plight of those living on fixed incomes for whom life will continue to be a struggle at a time when they can no longer add to their income.
Some parents also criticized the school for interfering with their right to decide what was best for their children.
As with PhoneTag, you can always listen to the sound file, which impressively muted the background music and rendered the message clearly.
“And you find yourself reading all this in two ways.
JEFF Z. KLEIN GRAPHIC: Hockey
Jack Curran, head coach at Archbishop Molloy High, employed Roberts as an assistant coach earlier in his career.
“Apparently, she’s watching this briefing, Shirley Sherrod, on CNN right now,” said Jake Tapper of ABC, to the amusement of the press corps.
“I have to be strong and resourceful for my kids,” Ms. Ramos said.
It’s just this relation that you have with the tools, and the fact that everything has its place.
We’re pretty certain Lexie will have lots more opportunities to play to win the Ricoh British Open and we certainly look forward to welcoming her when the events happen that she does play herself in.” GREEN WITHDRAWS Nerve pain in his amputated left leg forced Ken Green to withdraw from the Connecticut Open on Tuesday.
''The rewrite man dashed off a brief story which was buried on page 5 of next morning's Herald,'' he wrote.
Pakistan is not the only country to ban access to Web sites.
But individual advertisers could be liable if ads generated by another company’s brand name were found to mislead consumers, the court said.
Her mother, who is retired, was an associate judge in Georgetown of the Family Court for Sussex County.
The market was also “soft” then, meaning the participating insurers had a hard time charging large enough premiums to both cover their risks and turn a profit.
The report, compiled by an examiner for the bank, now bankrupt, hit Wall Street with a thud late Thursday.
Nytorget Urban Deli, Nytorget 4; (46-8) 599-091-80; urbandeli.org.
“He tried to do what James Brown did, twisting his body,” she said.
It felt fantastic that the young people were seeing our young people and that would be the image that they carried: This is what America is like.” How these impressions and encounters translate to broader social and political effect is hard to evaluate.
Only the top 12 drivers race for the championship.
Recent months have produced tentative signs that such a cycle might be unfolding, even as economists debate its sustainability.
But Mr. DeLay figured out a way around that barrier: In 2002, he used his state political action committee to channel $190,000 in corporate contributions to the Republican National Committee , which then donated the same amount to seven Texas House candidates.
A Pennsylvania woman, Colleen LaRose, already faces charges of advancing the plot in Internet conversations, sometimes using the screen name JihadJane.’ Ms. Paulin-Ramirez, 31, was never formally charged in Ireland.
“Back at the time this lineage came out of Africa, it had to have been a distinct group, perhaps a distinct species,” he said.
“To my dismay, I have been coming back ever since,” he said with a smile.
While the left slept, the right saw a void and leapt in.
“They’re hand-finished, lots of quality.
A second person briefed on the sale said that very little cash would change hands, and that that Mr. Harman had agreed to assume more than $50 million in liabilities from The Post.
If he stays healthy, Rodriguez, who turns 35 in July, is the top candidate to shatter Barry Bonds’s career record of 762 home runs.
Two Trees acquired the 11th Avenue property for $130 million, a company spokeswoman, Barbara Wagner, said in an e-mail message.
But if money is the only thing we can think of to make education cool, we may end up with another generation overloaded with people, educated and not, whose ambition is limited to the goal of cash, and at all costs.
McMurray had passed the leader Kevin Harvick down the backstretch to take the lead on an overtime restart after Nascar extended the 200-lap race eight laps to ensure a green-flag finish.
“At this point, they’re fighting for their lives.” Mr. Maliki, an outwardly dour man with a jowly face darkened by a perpetual shadow of a beard, makes a simple case for re-election.
“If you see governments passing legislation, you’ll see consumers returning to the shops.” Music companies have sometimes been reluctant to push publicly for stronger legislative protection and legal enforcement of anti-piracy measures, fearing a public backlash.
“Oh, who knows?” she said.
Claude Picasso , above right, a son of Pablo Picasso, and Alexander Klee , left, the grandson of Paul Klee, have met for the first time, Agence France-Presse reported.
But the Paris-based organization still represents 228 automobile clubs in 132 countries.
Dermatologists are uniformly in favor of strict regulations of tanning salons, especially prohibiting patronage by minors.
Mr. Eristoff ran for State Senate in 2002 but was defeated.
The new bread line is the money line, great winding queues of people waiting to get at ATM’s (“cash machines”), all mysteriously located outside banks rather than inside, a devious further attempt, it seems, to sabotage pedestrian mobility.
A separate report on Monday underscored the mediocre outlook for spending prospects: high unemployment has kept wages low in the United States, and Americans appear to be saving more in light of depleted retirement accounts and tight credit.
Mr. Cross came to wide attention in 1987, when he tried to acquire the venerable book publisher Harper & Row, reportedly offering about $190 million.
In exchange, the city is to withdraw its complaint against Mr. Chirac, who is still to face trial on state charges.
Noam Schimmel,London Never fear to negotiate The IRA, among many attacks on the British population, nearly succeeded, twice, in blowing up the British cabinet — in Brighton at a Conservative Party conference and at a cabinet meeting in Downing Street.
The exteriors, which Atget photographed on several occasions, feature rainwater downspouts with extravagant flutes that are decorated with collars of gold.
We don’t know if this is genetic or perhaps something about their environment.
Instead, members were busy closing out accounts and clearing out paperwork — “so many materials, so many old papers.” Asked if he regretted his party’s many years of apparently futile opposition, Mr. Nyan Win said, “Not regret, not regret.
Angeline Lillard Charlottesville, Va., May 5, 2010 The writer is a professor of psychology at the University of Virginia, Charlottesville, and the author of “Montessori: The Science Behind the Genius.”  To the Editor: Charles Murray says that despite the fact that students in charter schools did no better on standardized tests than students in traditional schools, charter schools should be retained because parents want them.
Sanchez threw three interceptions in that game, but after one of them, he responded quickly with a deep touchdown pass to receiver Braylon Edwards.
An official at the Home Ministry, which is responsible for domestic security, declined to comment on Tuesday.
Nearly three-quarters of the 170 students in the Purchase Dance Corps, the conservatory’s performing company, were selected, by audition, to participate this year.
But it’s generally undervalued because of the potential of the head problems.” One of the relatively few players to avoid the temptation to settle was Terrell Buckley, the former star defensive back who played primarily for the Green Bay Packers and the Miami Dolphins and retired in 2005.
Atget returned again and again to the enormous park, now a 20-minute trip by car, even on empty morning roads.
Dr. Benowitz expects that New York’s new $4.35-a-pack cigarette tax (by far the highest in the nation) will deter adolescent smoking by raising the full price to about $10.
There are understandable doubts at center, as well.
In fact, it seems that he could not.
Romana, 26, walked out of a store on the Avenue Victor Hugo in Paris recently with 95 worth of capsules, enough for a few months.
The Department of Buildings is also monitoring the building and has issued 18 notices of environmental control board violations.
This was not an unusual request in the late ’90s, a way for a network to save a million dollars by not producing an actual pilot.
The bureau, like the S.V.R., ends up with little to show for its decade of hard work.
It was filled with Silicon Valley's rich and famous like Scott McNealy, the former chairman of Sun Microsystems, Frank Quattrone, the investment banker, and a bevy of venture capitalists, private equity investors and senior executives from companies like Apple, LinkedIn and, of course, Facebook.
So I suspect it is not going to get a whole lot better than this.” The heart of the debate is the applicability, in a situation like the gulf spill, of the scientific technique known as modeling.
And when they step into the market, those firms will be flying a giant red flag to the markets that they flunked the Fed’s stress tests.
In past seasons the theater festival has presented innovative productions and acclaimed actors, including the theater and opera director Lenka Udovicki ’s staging of “Medea,” starring Annette Bening ; Ian McKellen in “King Lear,” directed by Trevor Nunn ; and the National Theater of Scotland’s widely praised “Black Watch.”
“It’s true here, it’s true in Ohio, it’s true in every state where we’re competing.
This was the second time in a matter of days that the movie was screened on Russian television, a decision reported to have been made by Prime Minister Vladimir V. Putin.
Two bits of seemingly obvious advice: Be careful where you click.
Two Vikings touchdowns followed turnovers by the Giants, who had 13 penalties for 95 yards.
“When I first met Curtis’s parents, I had to commend them,” said Randy Ready, who managed Granderson at Class A Oneonta in 2002 and is now the San Diego Padres’ hitting coach.
In a new joint report , the World Food Program and the Food and Agriculture Organization said that North Korea, even after substantial imports, would have a shortfall in staple crops — mostly rice, grains and soybeans — of more than half a million tons.
“Given Richard and Jon’s excellent track record, I think this is a very interesting investment,” Mr. Coppel wrote in an e-mail.
“As we’ve said before, the vast majority of customers do not jailbreak their iPhones, as this can violate the warranty and can cause the iPhone to become unstable and not work reliably.” But iPhone hobbyists say they simply want to have free range to use certain features and programs on their phones that Apple has limited or failed to offer.
Although these weights are underpinned more by politics than economics, the idea of an East Asian unit of account based on them is being pushed by some bankers and economists in the forefront of regional cooperation.
“We have students now deciding on which college to go to based on the school’s bass-fishing club,” said Charlie Evans, president of FLW.
I’ve tried to maintain a connection with them through e-mail, Facebook, phone calls, friends — to no avail.
Most notably he came to regret his early membership in the Ku Klux Klan.
Today's cage helmets do not allow for the full-face paint job that made the masks of the 1970s, like Gratton's, so memorable -- and sometimes so memorably scary.
Paul Andrew Hutton, a historian at the University of New Mexico, said the character had given young children “an appreciation not only of history but of a kind of patriotism and self-sacrifice.” Years later, Mr. Parker said, Vietnam veterans told him that watching his Crockett deal with fear when they were young had influenced their conduct in battle.
Mr. Robledo is not contending that Milan paid higher interest rates, but rather that the banks profited illegally in arranging the deal.
Prosecutors began pursuing a hypothesis that the experienced pilot had somehow taken off without enough fuel, and they are still sifting through evidence.
But in the hog-farm-and-Butterball-turkey-plant territory of Duplin County, N.C., where scientists have to enroll nearly a third of the 800 babies born each year, some women are “concerned about questions they may be answering and how they may sound answering those questions,” said Dr. Roland Draughn, a local obstetrician.
Services Monday 9am at "Sinai Chapels" 162-05 Horace Harding Expressway, Fresh Meadows, NY.
That Mr. Blagojevich had not successfully “sold the seat,” Christopher Niewoehner argued for the government, did not make his efforts less criminal.
Ms. Hutchison has outspent Mr. Perry by $2 million on a largely negative campaign accusing him of doing favors for companies that have hired his former aides.
Our campsite was sheltered by a pure conifer shoreline of pines and spruces.
Then it was off to Mr. Rolland’s, a complicated maneuver given the number of people and the fact that the outfits were not exactly subway-appropriate.
Why this happens is still unclear.
Now, before a seat like the SkyRider would actually turn up on airplanes, there remain various hurdles — chief among them safety concerns about emergency evacuations from planes with passengers crammed into such tight spaces.
Other historians have pinpointed 1877 as a violent turning point, and the Pulitzer Prize -winning historian Robert V. Bruce, for example, published a classic book in 1959 with a similar title, “1877: Year of Violence.” The history profession has shown itself to be both merciless and forgiving toward errant practitioners.
1 country albums, and three also reached No.
“He didn’t even look like a rookie quarterback out there,” the rookie running back Shonn Greene said.
Zipcar members will soon be able to cross the Atlantic and unlock a fleet of cars parked throughout London and other cities in England.
At that hour, the woman you pay to spray you with a fake tan usually would not.
What we have now with Mr. Mohammed, she said, is “this most unfortunate situation of indefinite detention, which is just a complete cop-out.” But what would happen were Mr. Holder to stand by his original plan to hold the trial on Pearl Street?
has rushed into buying these devices without adequately assessing the health question of repeated exposure to radiation.
A Reebok hockey stick with eight small trapezoids in a line just above the blade.
Debt multiples are also swiftly on the rise.
Still, many airline executives are expecting this year’s growth in yield — the price paid by one passenger to fly one mile — to slacken in 2011 as slowing economies combine with accelerating deliveries of new planes to increase the supply of available seats.
The weather was beautiful, the street was mobbed, and as I whirled into Bergdorf Goodman behind three denim-clad women with decorative shoulder bags, I wondered if they had come to be entertained rather than to shop.
It followed “Where Do You Think You’re Going?,” a little-known Bart Howard song, once recorded by Johnny Mathis, that she treated as an ominous expression of suffocating co-dependence.
“Conduct that people think is reprehensible or immoral doesn’t mean it’s criminal,” Mr. Breuer said.
Australia scored 1-0 win over Denmark in Roodepoort, South Africa, on a second-half goal by striker Josh Kennedy.
As a result the number of companies listed on the nation’s major exchanges has plummeted, to 4,048 today from a peak of 7,459 in 1997.
About 18,000 couples were married before Proposition 8 was passed by 52 percent of the vote that November.
Disappointingly, the strength of this piece of art is not sustained, and the exhibition weakens perceptibly in places.
... Josh Bard hit his first career grand slam and added a double and two singles, and the Seattle Mariners beat the host Cleveland Indians, 9-3.
“Yesenia’s mother had no idea where she was,” she said.
Even though their missions are different — the Justice Department mainly concerned with lawbreaking, the commission with safety — overlap is inevitable.
Petke laughed about trying to mark Henry in practice: “When he’s on, it’s pretty hilarious.
But Mr. Murdoch has been the most outspoken proponent of pay walls, and he responded to Mr. Rusbridger’s jabs with an uppercut.
He played piano, guitar and drums, and in a pre-show advertisement, an Xbox game involving a raft.
“I’m too cynical and too lazy to see the unheralded anymore and expect miracles,” Mr. Lantos said.
There is little variation from the basic formula: describe reprehensible crime, describe vengeful murder.
Yet they still know the basics of courtship, competition and sibling rivalry.
Other effects from conventions already canceled include 2,761 lost jobs, $86.5 million in lost earnings, $253 million in lost economic output and $9.4 million in lost tax revenues, the study found.
One example involved Ryan Kesler of Vancouver, who became an unexpectedly productive scorer.
The official, Harry Thierens, the vice president for drilling and completions, testified that it was the responsibility of Transocean, the rig’s owner, to maintain and configure the equipment.
The Taliban were operating in Luchak, a farming village in central Helmand Province, the epicenter of the insurgency.
No sooner have they wed than she persuades him to experiment with sexual role reversal.
Throwing from all angles, with velocity and accuracy, was a trademark skill of Trillo, who said he was flattered by — and agreed with — the comparison.
Meanwhile the number of visitors has grown from a few thousand a year to nearly 200,000.
At 15 he won a scholarship to the University of Dayton in Ohio to study engineering.
Perched between film and digital, “Avatar” shows us a future in which movies will invite us further into them and perhaps even allow us to choose not just the hero’s journey through the story, but also our own.
She is the daughter of Patricia Moore and Michael Marc Moore of Tampa, Fla.
“People are waiting for the Fed tomorrow,” Mr. Fogel said.
Lilianna Nguyen, a recent Stanford graduate, dressed formally in high heels, was trying to teach a sixth-grade math class about negative numbers.
I tried several such options while traveling and in my daily routine to see what they offered.
The commission acted in response to complaints from sellers who claimed the company had not paid them for cars it had sold.
“We feel we can afford the extra rent,” he said, “because we’re going to do that much more in traffic.” Mr. Horowitz said he worked for Kenneth Cole a decade ago when the company moved to a relatively remote building on 50th Street and 11th Avenue.
The only exception was California, which held Oregon’s offense to 6 points on Nov. 13.
They had fallen 45 percent since an oil rig exploded in April.
The House passed a flawed, though reasonably thorough, bill last December.
The casinos must turn over in taxes as much as 50 percent of what they earn.
In all, the economy is still coming up short by nearly 11 million jobs.
Since the glory days of Verdi and Puccini, many have tried to package opera for the masses.
“I’m Santa Claus” in my family, Mr. Ridley said with a smile, gesturing at the gifts.
In December, Bell & Ross introduced its European e-boutique, which offers the French-Swiss brand’s entire watch collection, of about 300 models, to online customers in Europe.
In April, the family paid to relocate the statue from a dim side street to its original place in front of the library, from which it had been moved for a remodeling.
“People want to help, and they are participating,” Mr.
Her ruling, issued as demonstrators both for and against the law gathered here, and after hearings in three of the seven lawsuits against the it, seemed more likely to add another log to the fire than settle matters.
“It makes you feel a little bit like you’re back in that time, and that was a very tough time down here.” Not far away, at Chatham Towers, a 25-story building on Worth Street, adjacent to the courthouse, one resident, Joan Gregg, an English professor at the City University of New York, summed up her feelings in four words: “My neighbors are delighted.” She said that the crowds and discord over the recent proceedings involving Bernard L. Madoff at the same courthouse had caused problems for elderly and disabled residents, and parents pushing children in strollers.
Political leaders and intellectuals in Europe have been doubling down on Kouchner’s own tendency to turn complexity into cartoons.
NEBRASKA 71, KANSAS STATE 56 Kelsey Griffin had 22 points and 12 rebounds to lead No.
Chef Jon’s , which opened last November, still carries the full panoply of familiar fare, acceptably, if uninspiringly, prepared: sweet-and-sour this, General Tso’s that.
The rise was less than analysts had forecast and suggested that companies were responding to slow demand by holding back inventory.
It looks undisturbed by man, a place in a pristine state.
A couple of days later, I realized it would be perfect for making holiday latkes.
Consider the state of literature at the moment.
Baghlan’s governor, Munshi Abdul Majid, himself a Pashtun, did not deny the problems and also seemed frustrated by neglect from Kabul, urging the central government to confer with him and local officials about security.
McDonald v. Chicago is a challenge to a law that makes it extremely difficult to own a handgun within Chicago’s city limits.
Ms. May had hoped that, just as the center of Reese’s Pieces resembles those of peanut butter cups, York Pieces would have a peppermint pattie’s creamy white fondant.
He is viewed as a good soldier, loyal to only Mr. Boehner.
“To really deal with Africa on a certain kind of level, you have to be able to see the potential,” he said.
''Women have stronger characters than men because when they say no they mean no, and they are less corruptible,'' he said last summer, inaugurating the women's wing of his center-right party.
The multichannel video industry, which includes cable and satellite providers, added 1.7 million new subscribers in the last three quarters of 2009 — not exactly boom times for discretionary income among Americans.
“We’ll make sure he’s not hurt in any way,” Righetti said.
We leaned over and stuck our noses in its velvety blooms and inhaled.
No matter whose work he quotes — and he quotes a lot (Kerouac, Millay, Ferlinghetti, Sherman Alexie) — he is always met with the same ignorance.
Totti then linked up with Mirko Vucinic to release Jeremy Menez, but the French winger shot wide.
The Norwegians were ahead by 237 imps.
Callum Henderson, head of foreign exchange strategy at Standard Chartered in Singapore, said he believed the euro would slip to $1.15 by the end of the third quarter and could drop as low as $1.11 during the course of this year.
She graduated magna cum laude from Amherst and earned a medical degree from George Washington University.
“We’re at the top of Museum Mile, close to Queens, a heartbeat from the Bronx,” Ms. Jones said.
IN honor of Persephone!” she announced, cracking open a pinkish orb.
Jackson has a groin injury, and Atogwe bruised his thigh in last week’s victory over Washington.
He also travels to regional markets, selling directly.
The winner of the Blue Devils’ game against No.
Instead of tapping into voting anger, it may have sparked a fresh wave of voter anger itself.
“He’s a pragmatic person who has a chance to get an agreement.” Many analysts say that Mr. Netanyahu’s central concern is his relationship with the United States.
Sept. 11 is always Sept. 11.
(Temperatures are as low as in some parts of the Antarctic, they are fond of pointing out, though the snow has all but disappeared in central London, and the air feels almost mild to someone newly arrived from New York.)
“Then one of the police said: ‘I don’t know what you are mad about.
We look in vain for a declaration that the costs are truly outrageous and laughably ineffectual.
An artisanal butcher has cropped up, and D.I.Y.
What can be done to protect the cultural commons from further enclosure?
Bohemian Lair Indian Rock is near Nut Hill, famed in the early 1900s for its residents with eccentric lifestyles.
But it helps me to know that so many people care.
At night she dreamt in other languages and she woke in the morning with spoonfuls of those foreign sounds still on her tongue.” When Yuri receives a beating, it’s as if by ­typography: “A pounding punctuated with sharp interjections.
I remember his words in that locker room after the match in Gothenburg.
Investors were weighing a report by the European Commission that predicted growth of 0.7 percent this year and highlighted the weakness of housing markets, industrial output and retail sales.
That’s roughly the payday awaiting William J. Doyle, Potash’s chief executive, if BHP Billiton is successful in buying the company he runs.
Been to a Duane Reade in the last couple of months?
just after midnight Friday, Henderson and his father left freezing temperatures in Minneapolis in a limousine sent by Miami to head to the airport for their official visit to the university.
The family traveled widely in support of Marshall's work, and settled in Scarsdale, New York, where Peggy held court in her spacious kitchen and at the Scarsdale pool, impressing friends with her incisive take on events of the day, her candid appraisal of people, her sage advice, puckish humor, and cultivated tastes.
James can enter free agency July 1, leaving a 47-day window for rumors and ruminating.
Although luge is not new to the Games, technology and track design have rapidly pushed speeds higher.
In March, he told the Bild newspaper that it should be possible to eject members of the monetary union who were unable to get their budgets under control.
When Pakistan batted, it succumbed not to Australia’s frontline bowling but to part-timers picked mostly for their batting.
“It is stunning,” he said, “that a city the size of Los Angeles and the importance of Los Angeles could have gotten to 2009-10 without ever having a production of the ‘Ring.’ ” Only four members of the opera orchestra had played any of the music from the “Ring.” Mr. Conlon emerged as a well-liked and major public figure during the individual opera performances over the last two seasons, which culminated in the final cycles.
The Yankees, hardly flawless or immune to tough criticism, nonetheless win consistently.
Wishful thinking for now, but at an uncertain moment in Iraq's history, even the thought counts for something.
He graduated from Oxford University in England.
Afghanistan has too many problems for more delay.
At the Red Lion, where she renovated 28 of the 82 rooms in 2006, she made each one different, using antique finds and an array of graphic wallpapers.
A dagger (†) indicates that some bookstores report receiving bulk orders.
“Coach expects us to play through it.” Purdue starts three guards, Hummel and Johnson — an adequate starting lineup, but not a physically imposing one.
Washington must underline that message, even as it rightly denounces the North’s belligerence.
Mr. Skolnick, there to offer moral support, ran onstage to fix the problem in the amps.
“There was a festive, celebratory mood.” Streets in the capital were quiet on Sunday, although tanks that had been deployed since the overthrow of Mr. Tandja last Thursday remained positioned in strategic locations.
Although few can claim such striking arcs, many hockey players now working on Wall Street had impressive stats in their collegiate days.
It is equipped with a state-of-the-art video and audio recording studio.
As recently as 2003, 500,000 protesters paved the way for Beijing’s decision to remove the then chief executive.
The seed is available through Seeds from Italy; (781) 721-5904, growitalian.com .
(Him) She’s less addicted to information, to political information, than I am.
Instead of the barbed words Pierre-Paul used to hear from teammates, Tuck relayed information about the next defensive line meeting.
In social media, the sweet spot is reached when your audience wants to build audiences for you.
At the 24 Hour Fitness on Market Street in San Francisco, City Supervisor Chris Daly can sometimes be spotted working out, wearing a thick sweatband across his forehead and a shirt with the arms cut off — an outfit vintage Olivia Newton John, circa 1981, sans leg warmers.
A merger between Anil Ambani’s Reliance Communications and MTN Group of South Africa was scuttled after Mukesh Ambani said he had the first right to buy shares in his brother’s company.
“An occasion that should have been a joyous one, a happy one, turned to tragedy,” Mayor Byron W. Brown of Buffalo said at a news conference.
But the recession has interrupted the mayor’s vision, as businesses large and small have felt the effects of the tourism decline in 2009.
That could mean a four-star-rated facility may be just as good as a top-rated home down the street but simply falls below the percentage cutoff, said David LaLumia, president of the Health Care Association of Michigan, which represents nursing homes and rehabilitation centers in the state.
English soccer, unlike most leagues in the world, plays on through the Christmas period, usually two or three games per team in the holiday week.
Even more rarely, residents may run across a candidate shaking hands at the mall.
“That’s all you have?” the judge said.
THE four stages of a political movement, as Gandhi told it, were: “First they ignore you, then they laugh at you, then they fight you, then you win.” For the whistle-blower Web site WikiLeaks , the release last week of secret field reports on the war in Afghanistan that it obtained from American military sources certainly looked like a victory.
He said the decision effectively allowed “race-based prosecutorial decisions.” “That the murder of black victims is treated as less culpable than the murder of white victims provides a haunting reminder of once-prevalent Southern lynchings,” Justice Stevens wrote.
“We want to work the kinks out,” the officer said, adding that the program would continue in those areas where the Special Forces were already operating.
''Decodence'' will trace the Normandie's glamorous beginnings and its ignominious end, flopped over on its side after a fire at the Passenger Ship Terminal in Manhattan.
The Food and Drug Administration said Friday that it had no evidence that the virus posed safety concerns and that the vaccine’s benefits outweighed any potential risk.
German exports are growing fast and will receive further impetus from a weak euro.
Sometimes a sturdy brassiere was built into the outfit, something that first appeared on the Dolce & Gabbana runways almost two decades ago.
The bailout program was supposedly intended for banks that were healthy enough to survive without the funds.
Spiewak coats, made by a local business started in 1904, are under $275.
The common bond was Ernie Harwell.” Now 39 and in his ninth year as a major league broadcaster, Kasper was a college student at Marquette in the early ’90s when he met Harwell for the first time.
The show’s centerpiece is a stupendous recent acquisition: one of the last surviving examples of a relatively complete Frankfurt Kitchen designed in 1926-27 by Margarete Schütte-Lihotzky (1897-2000), Austria’s first female architect.
Joseph Walker, a man Derrion lived with and knew as “Grandaddy Joe,” co-founded an organization called Pain to Power that aims to sustain safe-passage efforts, including parent patrols to help children travel safely around schools.
The constitutional amendment that finally did pass Congress bore Anthony’s name.
$700,000 70-20 108th Street, Queens 1,400-sq.-ft. co-op in a postwar build- ing; 24-hr.
As we do, I am mindful that the Iraq war has been a contentious issue at home.
A problem in March had forced the company to apply for a “bypass,” in which a well is drilled around a problem area.
On another were a coffee maker and an unopened bottle of fine Champagne.
In 2002, Mr. Cuomo stirred deep resentment among black leaders when he returned to New York after serving as the secretary of housing and urban development to challenge H. Carl McCall , then the state comptroller and the first statewide elected black official, for the Democratic nomination for governor.
“All that’s left is the relationships,” said Helton, 37, who also keeps in touch with his old college roommate Jimmy Ogle, an assistant at Jacksonville State, and Duke Coach David Cutcliffe, his quarterbacks coach at Tennessee (who also coached Smith and both Mannings in college).
Participants welcomed the establishment of an inclusive High Peace Council composed of women and men to set policy, strengthen political confidence and build consensus.
“It is so dangerous,” Mr. Goransson said later that night, over a fish dinner.
But beets, carrots, chard, peas and snap beans should be planted now.
Today, I could.’ ” She wanted to play tennis again.
The offensive line is playing better, and Greg Jennings and Donald Driver are suitable deep threats.
“I’ve gone to doctors and they just say, ‘What’s your problem?’ ” he said, his features heavy and inexpressive.
All are “prominent women.” Ilene H. Lang New York, Aug. 4, 2010 The writer is president and chief executive of Catalyst, a nonprofit organization that works to expand opportunities for women and business.
Win or lose in Iran, it will be a long way from his golden days.
Because the early AIDS drugs were so much better than the control treatment available at the time, randomized clinical trials were not needed to get statistically significant results.
Nobody knows much about him, and they should.” The films also include footage from interviews with members of the white Afrikaaner elite and Orwellian official propaganda that shows cheerful blacks said to be delighted at “homelands” where they “can control their own destiny.” Former Presidents P. W. Botha and his successor F. W. de Klerk are represented mostly by their often bellicose public statements.
Many of them mirror — and a few even mold — the communities around them.
When a dog smells quail, it freezes, steady and statuelike, and remains locked on three legs with one forepaw tucked under its chest.
“I’m feeling very humbled,” said Captain Rattan, 31, a dentist.
If that were the state of American higher education, we would be in serious trouble.
The stock market opened lower, reversing the recent rally that pushed indexes to their highest level this year after the Federal Reserve announcement that it would buy government securities.
In answer to it all, Sam Adam Jr., the lawyer, said prosecutors had Mr. Blagojevich wrong, plain and simple.
About eight million people have signed up since the accounts were introduced in 2004.
Paul Beverly Wayne, N.J., Oct. 3, 2010  To the Editor: Even if the two parties as they currently exist were to be seriously shaken up, whether by a serious, organized third party or by a major realignment of the existing parties, is Congress structured to be able to make the sort of unpopular decisions that we really need?
Based in Basel, Switzerland, the F.S.B.
The two appeared friendly as Mr. Vilsack expressed his regret that Ms. Sherrod would not return to the department.
Federal law requires schools to expel students for weapons possession and incidents involving the most serious safety issues.
“I’ve talked to people who can’t renew their driver’s license because they have all these tickets.” Nearly 550 local governments use traffic cameras, according to experts studying the issue.
All of the bathrooms shimmer with glass tiles in unexpected color patterns, like cocoa, pale aqua and muted mustard.
Bank of America rose 36 cents, or 2.85 percent, to $12.98.
He said the goal of the reorganization was to strengthen safety and environmental enforcement and to end the sometimes-too-close relationship between government officials and regulated companies.
Several of them repeated that point Monday.
Once, years ago, a pipeline burst and left a thick varnish of oil on the canal for miles, he said.
Here, everyone is expanding and spending on marketing activities.
OSLER--Dr. Margaret Jo (Maggie), daughter of the late Drs.
Automakers and beef producers could lose a lot if this deal goes sour.
Most of the shopping areas are near the Kremlin, the historical heart of Moscow, and are European in design and layout, with the fashion brands ranging from the long-beloved Chanel and Dolce & Gabbana to the newly popular Joseph Altuzarra and Alexander Wang.
His professional credits include pieces published in Life, McCall's, Redbook and many other consumer and trade magazines, and portraits of many distinguished public figures and dignitaries.
The nuclear waste, which had been reprocessed in France, was transferred to trucks that were expected to encounter a final gantlet of protesters en route to a storage facility near the former Gorleben salt mines.
The festival’s two biggest events were both epic restorations and both involved great German directors working in — and redefining — the science-fiction genre.
Last year, 23,787 Portuguese moved to Angola, compared with only 156 in 2006, the Portuguese immigration observatory said.
Why did they sell the company?
” Madame Anderson would say, sharply.
Others saw it as evidence that the labor market was deteriorating in the face of a feeble recovery.
Achievement of their decades-long quest for comprehensive health care legislation left Congressional leaders and White House aides jubilant.
Lifeline does not sell a product that allows users to contact them when away from the house.
My father was an engineer at Brookhaven National Laboratory.
It was only one piece, though.
That’s the overall narrative arc of the show: Will he make enough to accomplish his dream?
The result, Mr. Foster acknowledged, feels a bit like Disneyland.
The two newest United States champions have very different future plans.
In Harlem ’s record-setting 111 Central Park North, the more health-conscious Subway took space.
The world may have been a smaller, cozier place when Mr. Fairchild was editing W, but he knew how to relate events in the background to the socialites hopping around the foreground: '80s trophy dressing to '80s corporate raiders.
But subway riders are not the only passengers she talks to.
Videos of storm clouds, turtles and schools of fish roll across the gallery ceilings and interactive touch screens.
A company called Digizyme in Brookline, Mass., has developed a way for animators to pull data directly into Maya from the Protein Data Bank so that many of the over 63,000 proteins in the database can be easily rendered and animated.
Last month, the Food and Drug Administration publicly cited Teva for “serious manufacturing violations” at a plant in Irvine, Calif., where the company makes intravenous drugs.
He trails a Spaniard on a serpentine jaunt through Paris.
Members of Mr. Rapetti’s family, sitting in the front row of a full courtroom, wept as the verdict was read.
Rare earths are used in the manufacture of hybrid gasoline- electric cars , computer screens, large wind turbines and many other applications.
The literariness of the Glass stories is always domesticated by a colloquial informality.
Making the boat inhabitable required the installation of pumps to ensure a fresh water supply, cutting port holes for windows in the former fish hold and engine room (which were transformed into bedrooms) and the installation of kitchens and bathrooms.
Then, six blocks up Surf Avenue at West 21st Street, a campaigner with People for the Ethical Treatment of Animals pulled out a bullhook, a steel-hooked baton used to control elephants.
Hopkins said that the Hoyas’ comeback was spurred by pounding the ball inside to the big man Greg Monroe, who created problems for Syracuse with his passing skills.
A lawyer who worked on consumer protection issues in North Carolina, Mr. Miller is not new to battling banks.
“She’s such a force,” he said.
The allegations are what the allegations are,” he said.
“Just make him work,” Girardi said.
He had made records — not on major labels, but records nonetheless.
“They certainly are holding more capital than they need now,” he said, after the government forced most of them to raise capital as part of the stress tests .
The Greene family and foundation donated $250 million for the project in 2006.
“He was like, ‘You probably wake up about 10 o’clock, and then you smoke some weed,’ ” Mr. Ansari said.
Russell Poses, a 39-year-old international equities trader on Wall Street, who started getting Rolfing treatments after injuring his back, likened the experience to “paying $150 an hour for an Indian burn.” But the benefits, as far as he’s concerned, are well worth it.
Some players have complained that the PC multiplayer version suffers from programming faults that make the game’s frame rate stutter, but I did not have any of those problems.
Right or wrong, the audience at Augusta generally sounded open and receptive.
“I don’t do well with bureaucracy,” he said, speaking generally.
“There are a lot more concerts, people practice more, and we are influencing each other.” On a recent Friday, the nightclub Tube ran into a bit of trouble.
Some of their opinions have changed, others not, since their last survey of the field in 2004.
Some of the paper’s important advertising — particularly the expensive career ads in its substantial business section — has moved to the Web.
But Mr. Watkins said his client was basically a good person.
Hearings are scheduled for later this year, so some indirect investors may want to see if they can qualify for relief before they pursue out-of-court settlements.
For Chileans in attendance, it might as well have been a national holiday.
Even good high school athletes say they train many hours for the exam, because a failing score is a disqualifier and a good score can help win admission.
Some of the top trends from Saturday's games: HOOSIERS' BIG WIN Ben Chappell, left, threw for three touchdowns, and Indiana beat Purdue in overtime to stop a 12-game Big Ten losing streak and avoid its first winless league record since 1995.
Hartl), Hubsi Kramer (Herr Olivetti) and Léa Seydoux (Maria).
Both musicians were seated, and they took advantage of the resonant warmth of the room, though that didn’t prevent their use of echoing reverb enhancements.
“So many points so fast,” Cofield said.
There are many different systems, and in the foreseeable future some cars will only work with particular phones and particular apps, and vice versa.
Anthem could have spread its losses more broadly to protect its individual buyers.
At the same time, for the past 13 years, the Russians have been trying to interest the United States in a treaty in which nations would agree not to develop offensive cyberweapons or to conduct attacks on computer networks.
I think he continues to date women within our group.
“At this point, my primary job is as a generator of imagery,” Ms. Minter said.
On his way to the finish line of a long and bumpy Tour de France , the Spanish rider Alberto Contador let his success sink in.
To spur that cooperation, the White House and Democrats will make the case, as Mr. Axelrod said, that “it is not good politics” for Republicans “to stand with the big financial interests against common-sense rules to protect the country.” Mr. Van Hollen, for one, said gaining Republican cooperation would not be easy.
The explosion was caused by thieves trying to steal oil, The Associated Press reported.
San Francisco embarked on a solar power blitz in recent years, installing panels at San Francisco International Airport, the Moscone Center and elsewhere.
Seven machines in 25 minutes.
That compares with the consensus estimate for a loss of 39 cents a share on revenue of $169 million.
The company ran into painting problems at a factory in Asia and had to delay orders by many weeks.
ethos, they offered this simple guide to reproducing their results.
Punctuation is going all diva on us.
Lilly now publishes a quarterly database that lists the fees paid to individual physicians for speaking and consulting work on behalf of the company.
He emphasized that he had no interest in weapons-grade uranium — a business in which USEC is not involved.
A 2003 report by the National Research Council , “Oil in the Sea,” called the biodegradation of hydrocarbons “one of the principal removal mechanisms in the aquatic environment,” as well as “a premiere research area.” That same year, a team of German scientists reported that it had deciphered the genome of Alcanivorax, shedding light on the microbe’s genetic structure and raising the possibility of enhancing its oil-eating abilities.
The royal skill, to quote Walter Bagehot, a renowned 19th-century British writer and onetime editor of The Economist, lies in ensuring that they do not let “daylight in upon the magic” of their mystique.
According to an age-old belief, jade provides a link between the physical and spiritual worlds.
Four people were ejected by the umpires, including a fan, on a night that ended with the 42-year-old Hoffman, baseball’s career saves leader, being carried off the field by his teammates.
“You have to engage an audience in all the ways an audience is engaging themselves,” he said.
In a video from the On Par archives, Bill Pennington shows why following the rules too closely is no fun.
By putting deep spending cuts and substantial tax increases on the table, President Obama ’s bipartisan debt-reduction commission has exposed fissures in both parties, underscoring the volatile nature and long odds of any attempt to address the nation’s long-term budget problems.
And they all had their hands near their guns.
But he has no idea how much lower his prices — and his customers’ prices — could be, he says, because banks don’t disclose fees associated with the derivatives.
authorities restrict the distribution of free permits in future.
Increasingly, it appears that a good number of the people charged with and convicted of homicide may be innocent.
There’s Barnaby Gaitlin in “A Patchwork Planet,” who stumbles into an early midlife funk and wonders if a guardian angel will ever show up to rescue him from his banal existence.
“I had this bag that just followed us everywhere.
Democrats outnumber Republicans by three to one in the state, but independent voters now outnumber them both: a majority of the state’s voters are no longer members of either party.
That was the pattern that election experts observed in the 2009 presidential elections, where more than a million ballots were thrown out because of voting irregularities.
Orion City, as the development is called, is miles from Colombo’s slick World Trade Center skyscrapers, near a canal fringed with rundown buildings and palm trees.
On the tropical beach, Xue leans back into Yang’s arms, her veil blowing in a breeze; a smile sparkles on Yang’s face.
For those totally wiped out by Mr. Madoff’s crime, that money is critical to their survival, their lawyers said.
In sync with his players, Mr. Honeck both followed and anticipated Ms. Mutter’s every move.
He scored the vote of one reluctant Democrat, Representative Dennis J. Kucinich of Ohio, after an Air Force One ride from Cleveland.
But he decided not to pursue that approach.” But, Mr. Galston added, “he was able to do that in part because anger against business was not nearly as intense in that period as President Obama faces.” Mr. Clinton, too, took heat from his left.
The agency has decided it can achieve the same effect with a system called leading pedestrian interval, which also gives walkers a head start.
Today, the fence remains, but the bushes are dead and gone.
Edu, however, misplayed a ball Tuesday that led to the Czech Republic’s final goal.
The painting will be on view by itself on the academy’s first floor.
Dr. Lander, who earned a Ph.D. from Columbia in 1953, taught sociology at Hunter College.
“I think it starts with trust from the time they were freshmen,” Krzyzewski said.
That effort was not much more successful than the marriage, which ended in 1991.
He returned to ink and brush painting, which he had studied under Pan Tianshou , in part because of the space constraints of his apartment in Beijing.
“The fact it didn’t decline more steeply than it did is very surprising.” It is, of course, too early for poll results to be much more than a snapshot in time.
And he persuaded Russians, who have little access to independent reporting, that he had broken the back of the resistance.
Hungary has a film tradition more than a century old.
At the news conference, Mr. Kadyrov suggested that Mr. Israilov, who was once involved with the insurgency in Chechnya, was killed as part of a blood feud.
The next day, however, the place was in contract.
Getting off fossil fuels is the first, necessary step toward achieving climate stabilization.
Most Chinese have three names: surname (there are just 100 common surnames in a population of 1.3 billion people), middle name (to identify your generation and connect you with your cousins) and personal name.
“In the last three years, we have learned absolutely nothing.
There is an assertiveness to the local pedestrian, borne of having too much to do, too little time to do it and too many tourists in the way.
did not insure that security, but A.I.G.’s deals with Goldman are similar to the one in the S.E.C.
Schaefer also got a one-game suspension and an undisclosed fine for his actions, which included coming onto the field in the sixth and resulted in a separate ejection.
Will there be both a rabbi and a minister?
They managed bowling alleys, drove trucks, raised hogs.
Put in the name of your favorite artist, say Chairlift, and Pandora creates a station that features Chairlift and similar groups, like Metric.
I was a repository for their skewed perspectives on my country, for their dreams of a better life.
Sept. 19 through Jan. 9 at the Museum of Fine Arts, Houston; (713) 639-7300, mfah.org .
Isner would win a slightly higher percentage of points using his first serve every time.
It stares at a patch of sky in the constellation Cygnus , constantly measuring the brightness of 156,000 different stars looking for the small blips that would signal a planet’s passing in front of its star.
But they acknowledge that he has gotten some embarrassing things right.
I was covering the visiting team, the Angels, and this was my first game working in the Bronx.
Certainly, you could buy a conventional Chevy Cruze for $20,000, get respectable mileage and save thousands.
All claims must be documented and supported and must be screened by independent auditors who validate the projects.
April 15 at 8:15 p.m. $15 and $20.
The groups take their name from a 1773 Boston protest by supporters of independence from Britain.
A Toyota spokesman, Paul Nolasco, had no immediate comment.
“Like anyone else, people with disabilities have different preferences,” Ms. Kaplan said.
The struggling regional airline operator Mesa Air Group said on Tuesday that it had filed for bankruptcy protection in a Manhattan court in a bid to cut its oversize fleet.
The Saints average crowd of 13,420 for Premiership matches is almost exactly three times Northampton Town’s Football League norm of 4,471.
President Obama, unfortunately, has been characterized as weak, as someone who can be rolled.
Attendance at Scott Stadium was down.
In Arghandab District, for instance, every one of the 40 homes in the village of Khosrow was flattened by a salvo of 25 missiles, according to the district governor, Shah Muhammed Ahmadi, who estimated that 120 to 130 houses had been demolished in his district.
Ms. Vieira chose not to make another long-term commitment this year.
YOGI BEAR Opens on Friday nationwide.
“You could buy anything from a deck of cards to a car,” Mr. Long recalled.
Cam Ward finished with 29 saves and took a bid for his 13th career shutout into the final minute.
Japan and South Korea reached the $7,000 mark around 1969 and 1988, respectively, whereupon their annual average economic growth rates decelerated in the following decade by 4.1 and 2.4 percentage points, respectively, Morgan Stanley calculates.
His office is bare except for an engraving of Jesus, a green-shaded banker’s lamp and a small crucifix.
Mr. Bowen was arraigned on a charge of driving while intoxicated, and bail was set at $350,000 cash with the condition that he surrender his passport.
Her roster of blue-chip clients like General Motors and Wal-Mart has routinely helped place the firm among the top three highest-grossing lobbying concerns in the state.
At the festival, three veterans of the free-jazz scene — Jim Hobbs on alto saxophone, Matthew Shipp on piano and Gerald Cleaver on drums — will join Mr. Morris, who will be on bass, in his mission.
PIRO--John Dr.,died Friday, August 6.
That trend seems to be persisting this summer.
Car owners may not want to hear this, but we have way too much free parking.
Basil to try his hand at local government.
Voters went to the polls in Jordan on Tuesday in a parliamentary election that was boycotted by the country’s main opposition group.
And within four years, they and seven other scientists, as part of the original Dartmouth Summer Research Project, had founded a new field and given it a name: artificial intelligence.
The Architizer office doubles as the home of HWKN, a firm he started in 2007 with Matthias Hollwich (who conceived the idea for the site, Mr. Kushner said, although he has ceded management to Mr. Kushner, its chief executive).
“The scale of the deficits are just so big,” said Philip R. Lane, a professor of international economics at Trinity College in Dublin.
“Because of Mr. Carpenter’s demeanor, he didn’t know if he was joking, and he thought if he removed them, he did so for law enforcement purposes,” Mr. Sustersic said of his client.
He also wore a beautiful Art Deco earring with a pearl in one ear.
JULIE BLOOM The Dance on Camera festival opens on Jan. 25 and will have screenings at the Walter Reade Theater at Lincoln Center and other locations; dancefilmsassn.org .
And yet, improbable as it may seem, a tense tale of wartime intrigue and romance makes for riveting watching at the Atlantic Theater Company , where Moira Buffini’s “Gabriel” opened Thursday night in a taut, superlatively acted production directed by David Esbjornson .
Most other environmental organizations are behind the marine-reserve idea, but they vary in opinion on how big those reserves should be.
Swisher will become the third player to participate in the derby as a Yankee, joining Jason Giambi (2002, 2003) and Tino Martinez (1997).
And he did not make the case strongly enough that the health care system and the economy are deeply interconnected or explain why Americans should care about this huge issue in the midst of a recession : If they lose their jobs, they lose their health insurance .
“I think a lot of times, the guys actually do a better job at it,” he said.
With that relationship now severed, Sandberg could become another version of Don Mattingly.
“It’s more than just a place to live,” a new girl in town announces to her mother, cribbing from the local press on the place.
The latest merger talks come just a week after United and US Airways resumed their own off-again, on-again attempts at combining operations.
Applicants, 90 percent of whom are typically rejected quickly, must submit to a home visit and interviews as well as maintain a 620 credit score.
At the Village East, Second Avenue at 12th Street, East Village.
Of 1,079 candidates who took the entrance exam for the business school HEC in 2009, only 50 were offered places, and most of those already held master’s degrees from other institutions.
A university spokesman declined to comment.
Cal had gone ahead in the first quarter on Shane Vereen’s 2-yard touchdown run, but midway through the second quarter, Cliff Harris gave Oregon its only first-half score.
I’m just happy that we were able to win the game and my teammates played a good game.” The Knicks basically swapped Lee for Stoudemire in July — signing Stoudemire for $100 million, then sending Lee to the Warriors in an $80 million sign-and-trade deal.
We consider this new house a godsend.” Mr. Gordon’s response?
He said he pitched in discomfort throughout his two disappointing months in the Mets’ bullpen.
He said that he and Mr. Duffy “look forward to working with them to ensure that we attract the best and brightest talent.” The choice of Mr. Duffy, who is well liked within Cuomo circles and known for his steady manner, gives Mr. Cuomo a transition director who can apply firsthand management experience to the critical task of organizing the executive branch.
He is the son of Dr. Joan C. Hendricks and Mr. Garvan II of Fort Washington, Pa.
The Denver schools essentially made the same choice some homeowners make: opting for a variable-rate mortgage that offered lower monthly payments, with the risk that they could rise, instead of a conventional, fixed-rate mortgage that offered larger, but unchanging, monthly payments.
His death was caused by renal failure, The Washington Post reported Friday.
Andrus is 22 , and the Yankees, with all their cable booty, usually gobble up whatever talent they want as soon as it becomes available.
“Certainly a lot of these I.T.
Faced with the shutdown of more than half its sales in the United States because of a recall of cars with faulty gas pedals in several Toyota models, Toyota embraced the Prius even more tightly this week, making it the focus of the company’s advertising.
“In a few days it’s going to be back upstairs where it belongs.” Despite a few hitches, the Cleveland Museum’s expansion proceeded without stalling through the depths of the recession, a feat some other large institutions did not manage as their investments shrank.
“It’s normal in business to maximize profits and do the minimum you can get away with,” Mr. Cohen said.
The waiver, he said, allows families access to services that private insurance won’t cover and that they wouldn’t be able to afford otherwise.
Here, where the danger is still high, the lines of the agreement blur a bit.
And I do notice that we spend a lot of Friday sitting in the garage.
was setting the bar too high for obesity drugs.
His political dilemma may come down to this: how to quicken pulses again while continuing to pull America out of wars, rather than plunge it into a new and disastrous one, in Iran for example.
But on Monday, Mr. Paladino held his nose long enough to make a brief campaign swing in Manhattan, determined to navigate it with the same rumpled everyman style and resolute anti-elitism with which he has campaigned to be the state’s chief executive.
Party in the USA 14.
I had seen it happen a hundred times.
Westfield would not be able to buy library books or replace aging computers, and a popular middle school tradition — the fall play — could disappear.
Nor does the federal government have much clout, officially.
Anarchists in hoods and motorcycle helmets threw Molotov cocktails at the police, set a television van on fire, smashed shop windows and ignited trash bins.
Mr. Smiley, a 78-year-old Ohio businessman, freed himself from the wreckage and, though badly injured, activated an emergency signal.
“We were, of course, pretty excited about that,” said Wirt Yerger Jr., who at the time was the chairman of the state Republican Party .
“There’s a lot of work to be done to get this club to where it needs to be in the grand scheme of things,” Henry said in an interview released by the club.
In their analysis, the researchers studied passenger and survivor lists from both ships, and considered gender, age, ticket class, nationality and familial relationships with other passengers.
Together with his cousin, Pierre Jeanneret, who became her lover, they designed some of the most influential furniture of the 20th century: lusciously minimalist pieces made from sleek tubular steel.
“We are a country where the checks and balances are constantly being weakened by this presidency,” he said.
The brothers’ reaction was so stern that Steve Doocy, a co-anchor, interjected, “We’re just kidding, guys!” Marty began to respond; Jake cut in sharply.
Mr. Bahadur has focused instead on battling American and NATO troops across the border in Afghanistan Two Pakistan intelligence officials told The Associated Press that two missiles targeted a home in the North Waziristan tribal area where Mr. Bahadur’s associates were believed to be staying.
Harriet Smith can be a thankless role, but Louise Dylan does full comic justice to Harriet’s preposterous infatuations.
Records show it was once owned by the 17th-century Duke of Medinaceli.
Mr. Shiba played the ryuteki, a small, high-pitched flute, in a solo work, “Ichigyo no Fu” (1979).
For the Ahmadis, making that argument is far from an act of naïveté or convenient rationalization.
Emergency efforts were hampered when fire engines found it difficult to navigate the narrow alleys of the Lalita Park neighborhood.
She deserves confirmation as an associate justice.
He believed his partner in Toronto had been cheating him.
“That’s why I try so hard to make it delicious,” he said.
since Charles Barkley had 33 for Phoenix against Houston in 1996, and the first against the Knicks since 1979, when Boston’s Robert Parish grabbed 32.
(Or, for Hindus, its father, as the neglectful parent would be the mountain god Himavat.)
Of the fewer than 50,000 who remained in Poland, many abandoned or hid their Judaism during decades of Communist oppression in which political pogroms against Jews persisted.
“Most of my treatments were with honey and seeds,” he said.
He met me outside the factory and took me through the gate.
And we should diminish our dependence on oil so we are less impacted by what happens in Saudi Arabia, so we shrink the funds going to people who hate us and we make economic and political reform a necessity for them, not a hobby.
“The root of this is the perception that President Karzai got last year from the kind of cold reception that he got from the American administration, and that made him feel insecure,” said Ahmed Ali Jalali, who was Afghanistan’s interior minister from 2003 to 2005.
In Dubai, the authorities wanted to deport her to Iran.
“I understand why the government or society wants people to have homes,” he said — they fix them up, and their commitment stabilizes neighborhoods.
A small, tight-knit exhibition at Richard L. Feigen & Co. turns the spotlight on the story of Richard Wilson for the first time in the United States.
“We will only believe what we see,” Mr. Caspar said.
“You get the Buddha’s belly all wet for good luck,” said Ahmed Rahim, an owner of the Numi Organic Tea company who developed this whimsical take on traditional Chinese tea ceremonies.
She wrote the report, and we deserved it.” Mr.
Ms. Fern?ez said initial reports indicated that the magnitude 6.3 earthquake struck near the northern inland city of Calama and was felt as far away as Iquiqui, on the coast.
“My dad yelled at him the whole ride home,” Julian Sullinger said with a laugh.
Stocks fell by the largest amount in two months after the Securities and Exchange Commission accused Goldman Sachs of fraud in mortgage investments.
He was never a sentimental man but has grown a tad mystical in middle age.
However, she said it was disappointing that it had taken so long to establish a permanent base in Asia.
Would I please make sure I was giving him all those absence notes for a very good reason?
Yet the economy, driven largely by exports, has performed well.
I was published in a legal journal.
(That’s probably why you confirmed your opinion with a panel of experts.)
The State Department has said that whether to pursue charges for any possible violations of Haitian law remains a Haitian decision.
“It can be a rotted-out piece of junk and we’ll fill it with Bondo and spray some paint on it, and, you know, wreck it within three hours of its completion time.
Google has made large investments in voice command search, location-based search and advertising and in visual recognition search.
All the intersecting sounds mesh with Matt’s voice in a way that seems to deepen his texture, and with repeated listening the songs achieve emotional intensity.
The snoop had no discernible agenda other than silly, juvenile troublemaking, which made his actions more disturbing in certain ways than the oppressive prying of a dictatorship.
I happened to watch that match on television in a hospitality tent at Wimbledon.
She urged them to quickly revive a measure — twice passed by Congress and twice vetoed by President George W. Bush — that would legalize the studies and codify the policy Mr. Obama announced in March 2009.
“This doesn’t have to be an anomaly.” While Dickey seemed to get stronger as the season wore on, Jon Niese headed in the other direction.
A meeting at the Khost base was set up for the Americans to meet Mr. Balawi in person, to discuss specific ways that the Jordanian doctor might be able to consistently pass along information to the C.I.A.
The average yield on the four-year paper was 4.767 percent in Tuesday’s auction compared with 3.627 percent paid out at the last auction in August.
“Well, nobody likes puberty, so it’s a successful smell,” she said.
For Clairmont’s charges, however hyperbolic, have about them a degree of truth.
(PHOTOGRAPH BY MATTHEW STOCKMAN/GETTY IMAGES)
The average rose 0.6 percent from last year’s $2,996,106, the smallest increase since a 2.5 percent drop in 2004.
Another series, six bronzes of female heads more than 12 feet tall, will dot Broadway.
We start at 2 p.m.; so far there’s no betting involved.
Much like urban fiction and romance novels, manga has been embraced by librarians who say their job is not to judge what people read, but to give them what they want, engage them and later, perhaps, suggest other genres.
The European Central Bank disappointed investors hoping for decisive action on Thursday to contain the euro zone’s increasingly virulent debt crisis, pushing the euro to another low for the year.
“Not to understand this would be a very grave historic and political mistake.” Separately on Wednesday, a research group with ties to President Medvedev issued a report saying Russia must liberalize politically to free the economy from state interference before it can encourage modernization.
“Mayhem is a great way to take a shot at the competition, which you can’t really do if you’re Dennis.” The idea is that if “Dennis represents Allstate and everything that is protection, Mayhem is the opposite, uncertainty,” she added.
The Bill of Rights once was largely thought to be a set of limitations on the federal government.
But studies so far have failed to demonstrate a cardiac benefit to the drugs.
Moscow and Warsaw bonded over the tragedy, but reports of thefts sparked a rancorous exchange over the weekend after a Polish government spokesman, Pawel Gras, said Smolensk policemen were responsible.
• 2007-10 Camry, 82 percent (or 1.24 million) completed.
Mr. McAdams drew driven, impassioned playing from the ensemble in Strauss’s dramatic introduction, and painted the long second love scene in languid, supple tempos and soft hues, with fine playing from every section.
Heading into the Senate chamber to begin voting on Republican amendments to the reconciliation measure, Mr. Bennet, a big supporter of the public plan, said it was time for Democrats to wrap things up.
After five months of arguments, state utility regulators have approved a contract under which a utility, National Grid, will buy half the output of Cape Wind, which if built would be the nation’s first offshore wind farm.
So moving our music into the cloud and piping it to any device, on demand, should be easy, right?
Yet while some unavoidably stray into the homogenized international style, the best remain identifiably Spanish.
“So you’d have things like a professor at a blackboard writing algebraic equations.” This did not make for gripping viewing.
Likewise the visual counterpart to Ms. Prestini’s radiant, folk-inspired “Cut Him Into Little Stars” felt more decorative than integrated.
They wrote love letters and spoke to each other by phone in Quiché, a Mayan dialect.
Mark Turner, a spokesman for the International Organization for Migration , said the population of the camps continues to grow nearly five months after the earthquake, partly because some people use them as a hub of free assistance, even if their homes are intact.
And an analysis by the Pew Research Center has found the increase happening overwhelmingly at community colleges, which tend to educate working-class and poor students, the very groups that have been left behind.
Has ski jumping jumped the shark?
Miscellany ¶Two agencies that are part of the Aegis Media unit of the Aegis Group, Vivid Marketing and Velocity Sports and Entertainment, will be combined under the name Team Epic.
“When we upgraded the kitchen, we put in Corian countertops, which were fashionable at the time, but now they all want granite,” he said.
“If we had done that everybody would have been hung out to dry,” he said.
The airlines with Wi-Fi connections have been charging up to $12.95 a flight, depending on the length of the trip, to cover their costs.
“Long, Last, Happy” says the new stories come from “the final manuscripts he left behind,” which might suggest they are a preview rather than a salvage.
The real possibility remains that Pacquiao and Mayweather will leave about $70 million (a conservative estimate) on the table, a bad move for boxing all the way around.
The rest is devoted to what Mr. Calagione likes to call his quests — far-flung investigations into the wide world of beer.
In lieu of flowers or gifts the family requests that mourners and friends make a charitable contribution to a scholarship fund being set up in his name at Hofstra University or to Reach Out for Youth with Crohn's and Colitis, and to always fight the good fight.
Col. Damehane Yark, a spokesman for a special election commando unit, said the roads leading to the opposition party’s office had been blocked to prevent opposition supporters from disrupting traffic on the main boulevards as they did briefly Sunday.
The space is quite pretty and highly designed, with lots of architectonic details, like geometric baffles on the ceiling, a huge central table that can seat any number of diners and a separate bar done in moody dark ocean blue that frames a small waterfall.
On Tuesday, he shot 68 at the Patch — beating his age by one.
Fame-seekers there called “ulzzang girls” post cute but sexy head shots of themselves online, nearly always wearing circle lenses to accentuate their eyes.
It would be better to allow all candidates on the November ballot and use instant runoff voting.
(PHOTOGRAPH BY MATT SULLIVAN/REUTERS) GRAPHIC
What helped him survive, Mr. Lemaine said, was a gift from Mr. Simowitz: “Gideon’s Trumpet,” the 1964 account of how a penciled petition to the Supreme Court by a poor prisoner led to a landmark decision: that criminal defendants, even when they cannot pay, have the right to counsel.
Relapse occurs because cancer cells that are genetically resistant to a drug outgrow all the nonresistant cells.
Stocks extended their rally into a third week after global regulators agreed to new rules for how much money banks must hold in reserves, China reported that its economy remained robust and companies announced a flurry of takeovers.
There is evidence that teams are playing for a regulation tie to get that guaranteed point, leading to more shootouts.
To Mr. Baldridge, that meant creating a structure with small windows on the west facade, facing the neighbor, and large expanses of glass on the east, where a live oak tree and old wooden fences provide shade.
The committee also suggested the developer, the Olnick Organization, showed favoritism toward Mr. Rangel even as it was evicting other tenants.
“I think that eventually it will be permitted,” he said.
Around her, dozens of distraught women milled about.
And I had to go to the bathroom every half-hour.
Others worry that prosecutions will inflame tensions instead.
That £6.2 million signaled the high point of Sotheby’s session.
Pathway does not yet have one, so its test will not be carried by Walgreens in New York.
To the family’s astonishment, a letter arrived from Missy LeHand, Roosevelt’s secretary, announcing that arrangements were being made for the boy to get treatment.
All that remains is for a bulb to light up over the head of a global marketing manager.
By the next week, when it was time to record, he had abandoned the little monkey for the little engine he recalled from his childhood: I think I can, I think I can.
Soldiers and paramilitary troops were working to evacuate people from marooned villages and move them to relief camps in safer areas.
Those in favor argue that if anyone can pull off this sale while maintaining good trans-Atlantic relations, it is Mr. Sarkozy.
Before homogenization, when there was mystery, before aggregation, when the original had value, before digital, when there was vinyl, before Made in China , when there was Mao, before stress management, when there was romance, we had the impression we were doing all right.
The Henry home was the hub of activity for D. J. and his friends.
It’s just infinitely better looking and more responsive than the Kindle — not to mention it has color and doesn’t require external illumination.
She attended Washington University in St. Louis and performed in local theater before moving to New York.
I don’t see that same drive in our children.
And the ribbon of undulating hills and picnic areas that will eventually connect the length of the park will leave plenty of space to retreat from the joggers.
BP technicians are trying to inject dispersants deep below the surface, which could reduce the impact on aquatic life.
Olga Montenegro, a Colombian professor at the Universidad Nacional de Colombia in Bogota, has been with us before.
She also has more than 6,000 volunteers working for her election.
“As McPhee presents himself in the book, he’s very transparent yet completely opaque,” Mr. Ziporyn said on a recent visit to New York.
When efforts got under way, the first four attempts — drilled on Oct. 6, 13, 17 and 24 — missed the original well.
And, bizarrely, imitations that are more expensive than the real ones: In 2007, Anya Hindmarch sold canvas totes that said “I’m Not a Plastic Bag” for $15.
“I don’t know if we’re asking for it.” Isn’t he concerned about theft?
Everybody seems to be mad as hell.
The film’s most voluble commentator, Ms. Romney exudes an earthy warmth and steadiness.
(B. S.) GUCCI MANE This Atlanta rapper had to watch his last album, “The State vs. Radric Davis,” take off from behind bars.
That’s a bargain China may be happy to accept, but it, too, is caught in the irreversible dynamic of aging, and its demographic denouement is coming.
To put that in perspective, that’s more than enough to assure a primary education for every child on the planet who is not getting one right now.
The size conversions for tailors (“Glove sizes are the same in every country”)?
Years later, when he applied to Wharton with the goal of getting a job in New York or London, Mr. Goyal said, the university's director of admission signed off on his application with the words: ''I have never seen a blind trader on Wall Street.
I was still single, forced to go to the holiday parties alone.
This is a more complete version of the story than the one that appeared in print.
“We all know change is coming,” Mr. Stimpert said, adding that farmers would also respond to demands by consumers and restaurants for free-range products.
Wilson will provide a more immediate upgrade on special teams.
The White House would be more aggressive about responding to attacks on potential nominees, to avoid the kind of fracas that erupted over the “wise Latina” remarks by Ms. Sotomayor, then a federal appeals court judge.
As an advocate of school choice, all I can say is thank heavens for the Milwaukee results.
Rebecca Poole, the president of Real Estate Management Group, which provides management and consulting to co-ops, teaches a three-part workshop every fall on self-management through the Council of New York Cooperatives and Condominiums.
“I can’t just wave a magic wand.” The president has a light, red-brown complexion; skin that serves as a particular reminder of one cause of her country’s implosion.
A true Renaissance Woman, Dr. Darst was a founder and director of Learning to Look, a nationally-known art education program for children that has been taught in numerous schools in the Connecticut and New York metropolitan areas.
reachable from Riverside Drive and 145th Street, upper Manhattan ; Both events are free.
Dena did her best to flout the rules, with her brother as her ready accomplice.
“The corruption is not in some 600 hours of videotape,” he said.
“The Manganiyar Seduction,” which was scheduled for Wednesday and Thursday, will now take place on Monday and Tuesday.
Baedeker estimated the journey to Fort William at four to four and a half hours; today’s train runs only a little faster, and we arrived in town in about 3 hours 45 minutes.
Parker’s sponsors, which include Adidas, stuck with her throughout her pregnancy.
Beijing also warned Norway before the prize was announced that naming Mr. Liu would strain diplomatic relations.
Ms. Seymour was never as big a star as Cindy Crawford or Christie Brinkley, perhaps, but she certainly had a following.
This was their sixth lesson of the year, and by now they knew the drill: deciding whether or not they agreed with each question; thinking about why or why not; explaining why or why not; and respecting what their classmates said.
But the light bulb was lit, and for months I called him and asked questions about potatoes, squash, lettuce.
There is one truth certain in all of this.
For Jacquelynn Goessling, having her neighbors sign off on her hives was hardly a problem.
“The Gumby Show” had an undercurrent of tender, if slightly surreal, spirituality.
The museum will hire a few extra people in visitor services and the store to accommodate the new hours, he said, “but in both instances our hope is that our suggested admission will more than cover whatever costs we have.” The museum, which suggests that adults contribute $10, has struggled over the last decade in its attempts to increase attendance and to navigate between serving established museum audiences and attracting new audiences with populist fare.
The Ixtoc blowout of 1979-80 is the closest analogy to the BP spill, even though it happened in much shallower water.
It is “a way of me tapping into my artistic side that I had pushed aside for a long time,” he said, adding that he had been thinking about working for himself even before the financial crisis.
But this situation has serious consequences.
And especially in winter, the apartment feels like a refuge.
In some cases, I’ve been able to negotiate nonprofits’ staying in the same building, cutting back space and cutting rent in half.
The breeze is fresh, and bikinied bodies lie like plump blintzes under a heat lamp.
A probate judge ruled last year that the trustees could distribute the money as they saw fit.)
But Martinez, who made important plays through the air and on the ground, never seemed shaken, leading four scoring drives in the first half.
(AP) India: Airport Pat-Down Draws Protest The foreign minister said Thursday that it was unacceptable that the Indian ambassador to the United States was patted down by a security agent at a Mississippi airport, and that he would complain to Washington.
Many years after their campus days in Cambridge, Mass., President Obama and Chief Justice John G. Roberts Jr. have emerged as the intellectual gladiators in a great struggle over the role of government in American society.
AMORE--Donna M.,on May 17, 2010.
Mr. Alessa was not particularly religious then, but Mr. Almonte, a recent convert to Islam, was becoming more so.
Coal-fired power plants emit about twice as much carbon dioxide as plants that burn natural gas.
It’s probably not for their business sense.” John Gillespie, who has written a book on corporate boards, “ Money for Nothing ,” says academics are often selected for another reason — because they are less likely to rock the boat than directors from the business world.
The bill would give the bureau enforcement powers over “larger participants” in nonbank or nonmortgage lines of business, like payday lending.
How painful for a mother to have watched her beloved daughter make the same mistakes she once made, opening the door to true fulfillment only to find that, as Desirée sings, “no one is there.”
Freeman threw scoring passes to Kellen Winslow and Arrelious Benn, one of seven rookies in the starting lineup as the Buccaneers (6-3) rebounded from a 6-point loss to Atlanta that knocked them out of first place in the N.F.C.
Now add that to the slugging first baseman Adrian Gonzalez, traded from San Diego a week earlier; Kevin Youkilis; Dustin Pedroia; and David Ortiz , and opposing pitchers may not enjoy taking the Fenway Park mound with the short right-field foul pole and the Green Monster in left.
DENARRATION The process whereby one’s life stops feeling like a story.
In fact, watching the ad, I realized that daughters have supplanted sons as the repository of hope in tough economic times.
Green even has a toxic history.
Should the offering price be closer to $33 a share, it could even top this summer’s $22.1 billion debut on the Hong Kong and Shanghai markets by the Agricultural Bank of China, the largest initial offering in history.
“This is a team,” he said.
At a vacant house with a pool, where the lender was seeking $1.27 million, a raft and a water gun lay abandoned on the entryway floor.
Without darkening rooms, these oxide-coated glass disks cut off visible and invisible light wavelengths that damage pigments.
He rests on a handicap cart at the front of the store, waiting for cashiers to send him shoppers who traveled there without a car.
For the Olympics, the top 40 competitors qualify granted they have at least five World Cup or Nations Cup appearances and their training time falls within 7 percent of the best time.
''It was two years of utter misery which changed her life and the family's life very drastically,'' says Ms. Podell.
His speeches about the Roman Senate were published in 1995.
“In a campaign, you’re not held to the same standard of actually doing what you say you’re going to do,” said Anita Dunn, a former White House communications director and Obama campaign adviser.
More than 1,400 fishing boats and other vessels have been hired to help deploy coastal barriers and perform other cleanup tasks.
The Fed is at a crucial point in its history.
This article was reported by Andrea Elliott , Sabrina Tavernise and Anne Barnard , and written by Ms. Elliott.
Speculation is rampant that the former Cubs star Ryne Sandberg, now their Class AAA manager, will be hired.
He played some Ludacris on his iPod , then turned it off.
We got on the ferry at 10 a.m. and off it at somewhere around midnight.
In case you are wondering, neither Mr. Musk nor his wife says he is claiming poverty because of the divorce.
The character in “Lord of Misrule” who best explains this uncertainty principle is Medicine Ed, a 72-year-old black man who has long been a groom at the book’s fictitious Indian Mounds Downs in West Virginia, when he talks to Maggie Koderer, a new arrival.
“We just didn’t have a chance for him to play at that time,” Bavasi said.
“It caught everyone out of the blue,” he said.
We asked our advisers — BlackRock, Morgan Stanley and Ernst & Young — to provide options for our consideration, but the fact that options were provided simply cannot be interpreted as a recommendation that we should or could force concessions.
But those have been scarce lately.
MAURER--Jerry of West Orange, NJ.
If Ms. Kagan is confirmed, Brandeis will be a far more relevant guide as she grapples with the issues at the center of our current constitutional debates.
Things started going the wrong way early when Mickelson flew the green from 100 yards out on the first hole, but managed to save par.
The politics of the debate here, which divided both Democrats and unionized teachers over how to handle school overhaul issues, could resonate in Congress when Mr. Obama seeks to rewrite the main federal law on public schools.
Because of its ease of use, the central form has also been blamed as contributing to the sharp increases in applications to selective colleges in recent years.
Mr. Geithner took a different line on Tuesday, however, asserting that the process of reforming housing finance was already well under way, beginning with President George W. Bush’s decision to seize the companies, and that the current administration has continued to reform the companies’ business practices.
Sprinkle on 2 tablespoons of the Parmesan.
“We disagree with the magnitude of the cuts, which we think are excessive and could deter investment in networks and equipment, which would go against the government’s plans for encouraging the use of mobile data,” said Simon Gordon, a spokesman for Vodafone, which is based in Newbury, England.
Mark Recchi scored for the Bruins, who finished the regular season on an 8-3-1 roll.
is suspected of having worked as an officer for the Libyan secret service, overseeing a network of informal collaborators who systematically spied on Libyan opposition members living in Germany and Western Europe.
It prohibits the use of someone’s personal data with the intent of harming him or making a profit.
Celtics Coach Doc Rivers drew two quick technicals and was automatically ejected.
Tragically, it is by no means certain that Pakistani authorities would be able or willing to use relief funds pledged by the United States, the United Nations and the European Union for their intended purpose.
It’s not hard to see what makes Kid Millions appealing to other musicians.
Outsiders have taken advantage of the wave of suicides at France Télécom to push their own agenda, a former top executive at the company said in an interview posted Wednesday on a Web site.
Guerrero, despite once having one of the most feared arms in right field, is no longer considered a deft outfielder; he played only 17 games in the outfield during the regular season.
TRANSPORTATION New Jersey Transit trains will operate on a weekend/holiday schedule on all lines.
Those transverse roads you disdain are a good demonstration of the designers’ ingenuity in meeting a practical challenge.
“I raised my hand one day in class and asked, ‘What’s baseball?’ ” The teacher explained to Fong that if he wanted to understand American life, he needed to learn about baseball.
They traveled to Paris and North Africa together and spent two years in India, where they absorbed the Eastern philosophy that showed up in Ginsberg’s poems and influenced Mr. Orlovsky, who became a Buddhist, for the rest of his life.
The increase offers further evidence that manufacturers are helping to drive the recovery.
Mr. Jones’s plan, announced in July, slowly gained attention in August, particularly overseas.
Still, Mr. Healy acknowledged that Republicans had to be careful about being seen as overly partisan and would now be under increasing pressure to offer a competing vision of governing.
Dragging it out would not serve anyone, he said, not James, not the fans.
But on the early Rockefeller Center buildings, the spandrel panels were chosen with obvious horizontal bedding, an ingenious contrast with the otherwise plain vertical piers.
Arena said he thinks it could make a difference.
Colonel Qaddafi declared “jihad” on the Swiss after they voted in a national referendum to ban the building of any new minarets for mosques.
Mr. Napolitano seems to be part of a retooling at Fox Business, which started in 2007 as a competitor to CNBC.
In a coming video for his single “Power,” created by the artist Marco Brambilla , Mr. West, above, is seen standing imposingly with a heavy chain around his neck.
Mr. Keenlyside, an elegant and intelligent artist, working with the pianist Pedja Muzijevic, gave a sensitive and remarkably immediate performance for the audience that packed the hall on Sunday.
''Out of an abundance of caution,'' Rodriguez filed his objection to the current bankruptcy plan ''because it is not clear under the Plan that Rodriguez' Contract will be assumed and assigned'' in the proceedings.
In 1943 she went to work for a federal agency, headed by Nelson A. Rockefeller, that worked to improve relations with Latin America.
But, he said, he had prevailed on the Conservatives to make the proposals fairer and more progressive.
“It’s totally the Dad book of the year,” said Rebecca Fitting, an owner of the Greenlight Bookstore in Fort Greene, Brooklyn.
The lack of specifics frustrated several lawmakers, one of whom, Representative Bill Posey, Republican of Florida, lashed out at Mr. Geithner, saying, “We can’t wait forever to find out.” Representative Spencer T. Bachus of Alabama, the top Republican on the committee, told Mr. Geithner, “Without reform, the bailouts will not stop, the housing market will not find its footing, and the American economy will not recover.” Democrats, led by the committee’s chairman, Representative Barney Frank of Massachusetts, said the process could not be rushed.
America is not Japan .
“There have been a ton of A-list celebrities coming here, unlike under the Bush administration — they’re getting behind a cause, because it’s cooler now to be political,” Kiki Ryan, a nightlife reporter for Click, says.
Congress, he said, should also consider raising the age of eligibility for retirement benefits under Social Security and apportioning those benefits on the basis of a means test.
did not recognize that league’s statistics when it absorbed the Browns, the 49ers and the Colts after the 1949 season.
“A guy shot me through the neck in 1967.
If it’s not broke, why fix it?” she recalled the man saying.
Can jump like Kobe Bryant !
A spokesman for the Hamas police, Ayman al-Batniji, said that the ban applied only to women and that it was in line with “the Palestinian people’s customs and traditions.” But many cafe owners said they had been ordered to ban water pipes for both men and women.
“Members of Congress should not be allowed to have these links.
The cheer that rumbled across the almost empty golf course was like the first hint of thunder from an approaching storm.
Rei Kawakubo seemed to raise that question in a Comme des Garçons collection that embedded the shapes of muscles and human organs (or so it appeared) in classic jackets and pinstriped skirts.
“It could stay for a long time.” Compared with neighboring Kenya, which shares a land border with Somalia, Uganda has relatively lax restrictions for Somali refugees and admits about 15 each week, said Abdi Ali Jama, a leader of the Somali community in Uganda, which denounced the attacks.
Postcancer, I worry that we are becoming too fast for this world — or, maybe, that this world has become too fast for me.
Miller’s winning combined time, 2 minutes 44.92 seconds, took care of that criticism.
But another, it seems to me, is the desire for some fundamental discovery about the nature of the universe — the yearning to wake up in a new world — and a growing feeling among astronomers and physicists that we are in fact creeping up on enormous changes with the advent of things like the Large Hadron Collider outside Geneva and the Kepler spacecraft.
An earlier piece, from 2004, replicated a wall in Mr. Snow’s apartment that was covered in sloppily taped-up snapshots, notes, fliers, newspaper clippings, cartoons and photographs — but in this case each element was a meticulously painted reproduction of the original.
“That’s one thing we learned.
The Washington Post reported last month that the two groups would be merging and that Ms. Thomas had decided to “ relinquish control ” of Liberty Central because of concerns over her high profile in the news media.
The smaller the company, the higher the risk that a delay like Proposition 23 would kill it, said Brenden Millstein, whose two-person energy-efficiency company, based in Silicon Valley, is just getting going.
Officials estimate that bank failures would drain about $100 billion from the fund from 2009 through 2013.
He later moved it to Woodstock, and began putting on concerts and play readings.
Still, Manning ranks in the top five in both adjusted yards per attempt and adjusted net yards per attempt .
“The head of the Congregation of Bishops is a very important nomination; it determines the ruling class of the Catholic Church for the next 20 years,” said Andrea Tornielli , a Vatican expert with the Italian daily newspaper Il Giornale.
Mr. Margolis did not dispute that Mr. Yoo and Mr. Bybee mangled legal reasoning and produced work that ultimately was repudiated by the Bush administration itself.
Somehow the government tax collectors have let the country get locked into the idea that April 15 is a day of sorrow and misery, the culmination of the dreaded filing of the income tax form.
Given the speed with which Hong Kong's colonial buildings have been torn down, it's fortunate that the old British marine police headquarters survived at all.
Mr. Sarzynski also faces kidnapping charges; the authorities said he tried to hire an undercover officer to abduct a rival drug dealer at gunpoint in retaliation for a $4,000 debt.
All states need to ante up and reverse the treaty’s slide.
We have policy processes for a reason.” The issue reached a climax in March when Mr. Reed drafted a brutal appraisal of Mr. Edley’s book in his and Ms. Kagan’s names, saying it was “not a bold vision of race and America for the 21st century,” calling its conclusion “hopelessly trite and naïve,” and adding “we doubt that this is the caliber of book the president was hoping for or expecting.” For Ms. Kagan, though, Mr. Reed’s assessment went too far.
Some put them in clothes dryers and, reportedly, in microwave ovens.
Welcome to the world of sports, um, journalism today: the science of the LeBron Watch, the kind of science that makes astrology look Einstein-ian by comparison.
Economists surveyed by Thomson Reuters expected the reading to dip slightly to 62.8 points from the 63.3 points that was reported last month, before the revision.
Actually, on Mr. Guness’s van, the service’s second run of the day, it was nonexistent.
Last month, Fannie said it would deny access to a government-backed mortgage for seven years to those defaulters.
Is the downtown too compact for tens of thousands of conventioneers?
Despite a lack of scientific evidence, Dr. Brennan said, some farmers have torn out vegetation.
That review, according to people briefed on the situation, gave low marks to Ms.
Days later, in Tel Aviv preparing CityDance’s planned tour of Israel in 2011, I found myself in conversation after conversation with Israelis who, far from being angered by our participation in the Ramallah festival, were enthusiastic about it — and about its possibilities.
He wanted to be president, “like Obama.” Michael, a serious student, loved photography.
Through it pass huge tankers carrying a large fraction of the world’s energy.
(By “normal life” let us mean one in which certain premises can be assumed — for example, that it is possible to put one foot in front of the other, on the way to meet a lover or to buy a loaf of rye bread, without being overtaken by tremors issuing from convulsions of the moral order.)
The timing of the City Hall job was auspicious, his friends said: political consulting has earned him a small fortune — he was paid at least $500,000 from Mr. Bloomberg’s campaign alone — giving him the financial freedom to work for the public sector.
China Doll won by a snout.
(The book bundles two recent stories about Carl Webster, the Dust Bowl-era United States marshal who stars in Leonard’s novels “The Hot Kid” and “Up in Honey’s Room,” with a Webster novella that was first serialized in The New York Times Magazine.)
The governor elect, Matt Mead, a Republican who served as a United States attorney during the administration of President George W. Bush, has promised to add Wyoming to the list of states suing the federal government over the constitutionality of the new health care law.
The second set was equally close with neither player earning a break point until, with Querrey leading by 6-5, Schüttler hit a forehand long to concede the set.
This bizarre world of fabric remnants does offer a kind of realism: on a dance floor, nerves fray enough to show a glimpse of what the celebrity contestants are like in everyday life: insecure, lazy, smart, vapid, vulnerable, graceful, clumsy, humorous.
LeBron James had 36 points, 9 assists and 7 rebounds, Mo Williams scored 14 of his 19 points in the fourth quarter, and the Cleveland Cavaliers surged past the Celtics, 108-88, on Thursday night in Boston.
After graduating from high school he moved to Los Angeles, where he took classes at the Chouinard Art Institute (now Cal Arts).
James Kloppenberg, a history professor, said that the raw feelings that pervaded the campus during much of Mr. Summers’s presidency had faded and that he would be welcomed back even though some bitterness remained.
The answer might be that it helps players, now so accustomed to resolution, be at peace with a decision.
Not long ago, Jennings called the 55-point game a curse, for creating undue expectations, which only made his rookie struggles more glaring.
Nonetheless the quest for objective evidence has gained new urgency in recent years.
I could no longer just lust from afar over the new G8 GXP with its Corvette engine, stick shift, hood scoops and spacious seating for five.
Mr. Veiga said prosecutors were continuing to investigate and would present the case to a grand jury.
The US Fund for UNICEF mourns the passing of Mary Emma Allison, co-founder of "Trick-or-Treat for UNICEF," who died on October 27th, at age 93.
“When he said his name, my face froze,” Witherspoon said.
The report also charges that Somali officials are selling spots on trips to Europe and that many of the people who are presented as part of an official government entourage are actually pirates or members of militant groups.
He recalled the sudden word of the parlor closings last week.
“Plus, checking in allows each person to share what they think is important about the ad campaign.
The government has displayed as evidence bullet damage to the president’s armored sport utility vehicle, including a shot to the windshield.
I passed the time catching up on some reading and thinking about some new projects.
“I knew him when he was a piano player in a bar.” Mr. Risom, like Mr. Pucci, was very eager to show how comfortable his designs were, walking around the floor and insisting that the reporter sit in what seemed like every chair in the show.
It is one of the strictest antidoping programs, if not the strictest, in sports.
Indeed, there aren’t many places on earth where such intense and bizarre circumstances could be duplicated.
Ultimately, so did the Duke players, who were shell-shocked when he arrived.
As soon as the basement was deemed safe to go back into, less than four weeks later, Customs sent in agents to retrieve the guns, drugs and money.
This Senate race has drawn enormous scrutiny, and will be watched with special interest this week as the candidates have their first televised debate Wednesday and President Obama arrives Friday to help Mr. Coons raise money.
In those days once you left it was likely that you were gone for good, and so it was with Margaret.
Market share had slipped at home, shareholders were uneasy and the group had lost focus on core clients, while pursing a haphazard international expansion.
The statement said the group would discuss ''the suffering and pain of people with intellectual disabilities that is perpetuated by the use of the terms 'retard' and 'retarded,' as well as the damage that can be done by the casual use of the 'R word' -- even if it is not directed toward people with intellectual disabilities.
EMILY DeNITTO The Polish Deli, 225 Nepperhan Avenue, Yonkers.
in total efficiency points (563) and efficiency ranking (25.69).
Together, these new reports paint a detailed picture of Transocean’s upkeep of the rig, decision-making and its personnel.
He would lift controls on teachers and civil servants — giving them more freedom but then ending tenure and holding them accountable.
Making the choice more unusual, both Mr. Franco and Ms. Hathaway are part of this year's Oscar race.
But lawmakers say they appear to have reached a turning point when it comes to routine deficit spending.
It’s a lot more fun to win.” Wright has hit as many as 33, as recently as 2008.
Demonstrating the process, they shot one million volts of melodic lightning bolts between twin coils, as if the DeLorean were vanishing in ''Back to the Future.''
“I’m not that concerned about all these steps that are being taken.
Echoing comments from Mr. Murdoch a day earlier, Mr. Bewkes also said the economy was improving in a way that suggested the worst might be over for the media industry.
The book, illustrated by Loren Long, is a tribute ''to 13 groundbreaking Americans and the ideals that have shaped our nation,'' the publisher said, including Georgia O'Keeffe, Jackie Robinson and George Washington.
Skating, when done properly, requires absolute concentration.
A British-born archaeologist, classicist and historian now at Stanford University, Morris is the historians’ equivalent of those physicists who search for a still elusive unified field theory.
And they’ll expect that, even if house prices have dropped since the mortgage was made, the average loan balance is still no more than, say, 60 percent of the property’s value.
“We never really have any disagreements.
I have to wonder just what he meant, since Capa’s own iconic photographs are currently being re-examined for their accuracy as well.
Recent public opinion surveys in New York State have detected the most enthusiasm among potential voters who identify themselves as Republican, conservative and Tea Party supporters.
The family moved to New Haven, Conn., where he was taunted for being Jewish; where his father, a tailor, abandoned them; and where he heard a vaudeville saxophonist perform a tune called “Dreamy Melody.” Arthur would have been around 13 (Nolan doesn’t tell us exactly).
Ever since I was a kid, I’d lived for summer — and, until a few years ago, sharing it with my older brother was what brought summer to life.
If you time things right, you can be first in line at the Christmas chair when it opens.
LINGO Let the look speak for itself.
After Mr. Speyer, who is 69, stepped down, the two men continued meeting in 2008 as Bear Stearns and Lehman Brothers collapsed, including at a lunch at the Four Seasons and a dinner at Gracie Mansion.
This changed after a Chicago philanthropist named Julius Rosenwald , the president of Sears, Roebuck, took up the cause of long-neglected education for blacks at the urging of Booker T. Washington , the proponent of black self-help.
The award to Bayou’s creditors is yet another legal woe for Goldman.
The odd: on Monday, a somewhat strange group of Republican figures — who knew that William Kristol was an expert on monetary policy?
They’ll crow at the drop of a hat about crime going down.
I tell people, being in politics on a small level, it’s going to be a long time before it trickles down.”
But trial lawyers complain that it has skewed the jury pool further away from the poor and minorities, who are already underrepresented in the kinds of databases the courts rely on.
If you are off track, you need to consider incorporating potential solutions to make up for the shortfall.
Representative Nick J. Rahall II, Democrat of West Virginia and the bill’s main sponsor, said the legislation would be a tribute to the 11 oil rig workers who were killed when the BP well exploded in April by creating strong safety standards for offshore drilling, ending the revolving door between government regulators and industry and holding oil companies accountable for accidents.
“The influx of women into management after the lawsuit was brought was phenomenal,” Ms. Kwapnoski said.
Suddenly, the convenience of walking out to his boat — the original attraction — was gone.
Senate Republicans seek to pin blame for the abysmal pace of filling judicial vacancies on President Obama ’s slowness in making nominations.
Similarly, the first debate of the 2008 cycle took place at the library in Simi Valley, Calif., in May 2007.
These include a step by the European Central Bank to begin buying securities from banks, the creation of a 440 billion euro stabilization fund to bail out troubled nations, and an agreement to let the International Monetary Fund intervene in European affairs to impose the bailout packages.
Mr. Obama’s proposed three-year freeze on discretionary spending (defense and national security are excluded) would save $11 billion next year and modest amounts later.
Then there is the unpalatable prospect of criminal charges tied to Goldman’s trading, against the bank or any of its executives.
These prices are a bargain.
In addition, Sharon Marshall was another named source who said she witnessed hacking while a reporter at The News of the World.
The next two came on a double by Granderson.
Evgeni Nabokov had 25 saves for the Sharks, improving to 12-0-1 in his last 13 starts against the Wild.
I don’t know about you, but mysteries that make me laugh go right into the book bag.
There is little electricity, and rutted roads are common even in the cities.
''People last forever here,'' Mr. Silverton joked.
Laperriere said Monday that he did not feel dizzy, nauseous or depressed, as have others who have had concussions, including Bruins center Marc Savard, who is also out indefinitely.
Ashton’s “Thaïs,” with its veiled ballerina and its sense of erotic visitation, illustrates his powerful gift for theatrical atmosphere and dance sensuousness.
The Coast Guard said the process would take 48 hours.
“He didn’t need to say what he said.” ... Javier Vazquez (1-3) will pitch for the Yankees on Saturday against John Danks (3-0) of the White Sox.
Even when he drops his voice to a menacing whisper or blows a confrontational gust of smoke from one of his cigars, Mr. Affleck registers a hint of panicky uncertainty.
But insurers have been reluctant to cover acupuncture.
Ms. Taylor’s lone interaction with Ms. Richards — over lunch with their mutual friend, Liz Smith, the gossip columnist — was one such chance encounter.
I was running and I saw dudes plural and I was, like, ‘Who the hell is up here?’ I saw two of them trying to carry Brennan away and I started shooting at them.
Mangini’s Browns will almost certainly start Colt McCoy against the Jets.
On Thursday, the authorities also seized materials from the home of Cardinal Godfried Danneels, Archbishop Leonard’s predecessor, and took all the computers from the church’s finance department, Mr. de Beukelaer said.
They include fairly archetypal images of oppressed laborers, but also show an awareness of environmental issues.
A member of the color guard reported the impostor, who was escorted out by the police about 45 minutes after kickoff.
Greece took a big step toward overhauling its debt-plagued economy on Thursday by forcing through a pension bill that would sharply pare down the country’s welfare state by increasing the retirement age and reducing benefits.
And while state law requires the expulsion of any legislator convicted of a felony, there is no such requirement for misdemeanor convictions.
“The Oath” and Ms. Poitras’s previous documentary, “My Country, My Country” (about a political candidate in Iraq), reflect the lessons of Errol Morris and other documentarians who put a high gloss on nonfiction.
Faith in the path that my husband and I have chosen, faith in our abilities and our business, faith in the future of our industry, faith that this economy -- like every other down economy I've lived through -- will turn the corner, and those of us who have survived will be well positioned for the future.
Ben will now have to work hard to earn back the respect and trust of Steelers fans, and to live up to the leadership responsibilities we all expect of him.” Roethlisberger will meet with Goodell on Tuesday.
Tomoyuki Sugiyama, president of Digital Hollywood University, conceded that language might be a serious barrier, especially for Western students.
A good example comes near the end of Friday night’s episode, the show’s second.
Museums and Galleries BEACON Dia:Beacon Zoe Leonard: “You See I Am Here After All, 2008.” Through Sept. 6.
Migrants who really need help are still systematically excluded.
The younger bull charged in, hooking the elder bull with those needle-sharp horns, left-right-left.
For all the art’s looseness, it manages to capture tender details.
They hope the bankruptcy judge will order a new auction.
“Carl Paladino is our candidate for governor, and I support him 100 percent,” Mr. McCormack said.
NEW BRUNSWICKGeorge Street Playhouse ''[title of show].''
I don’t know if he was mistreated by doctors, but they didn’t know very much in those days, compared to what they know now.
“He can pick it, he can throw and he can get to a lot of balls up the middle.” Maddon uses Bartlett to spark a lineup that follows with the more heralded Carl Crawford, Ben Zobrist, Evan Longoria and Carlos Pena.
Carlos Medina, a member of the commission, told ABS-CBN television on Tuesday that commission members would continue to meet and study their options despite the court’s decision.
“What we think is happening,” said Mark Beeman, a neuroscientist who conducted the study with Karuna Subramaniam, a graduate student, “is that the humor, this positive mood, is lowering the brain’s threshold for detecting weaker or more remote connections” to solve puzzles.
Guests at the Peninsula New York, on Fifth Avenue and 55th Street, won’t find palm trees and sand, but there is a 22nd-floor glass-enclosed pool, where the air is a Bahamas-like 72 degrees, the pool water is 84, and the views of Midtown are as staggering, in their own way, as any you’ll find seaside.
HOEFLER--Marian B.,passed away at 90 on February 16 from assorted natural causes.
“When things get tough, they seem to change the subject,” Mr. Condie said.
The people of Haiti will not officially make their presidential preference known at the polls until the election scheduled for Nov. 28.
The Met Live in HD presents Wagner’s “Das Rheingold.” Oct. 13 at 7 p.m. $15 to $22.
This means that Beatles information from EMI and SoundScan is apples and oranges — EMI is counting one more day of sales than it usually would, and than SoundScan will report.
There is no quick fix when it comes to a problem as complex and mysterious as obesity .
Email: corey@nytimes.com This is a more complete version of the story than the one that appeared in print.
The Swiss wildlife and landscape painter Adolf Dietrich (1877-1957) has an unlikely ally in Richard Phillips, a contemporary artist given to large canvases and confrontational imagery.
“I’ll try,” Ortiz said when she requested that he hit one for her later that night.
JPMorgan will have more than regulation to contend with.
“The message of Tuesday’s election was the American people want both political parties to work together,” said Robert Gibbs, the White House press secretary.
Lalas decided to avoid the sad moment.
when a lout or three accosted Lee’s wife among the traveling party of the Texas Rangers .
You were supposed to choose Abdul Wahab.” On Thursday night, Ammar al-Hakim, the leader of another Shiite party, the Islamic Supreme Council of Iraq, announced that he would not join a governing coalition that did not include Mr. Allawi, a secular Shiite who attracted many Sunni voters.
Abraham H. Foxman , national director of the Anti-Defamation League, contends that organizers have every legal right to build but should refrain in deference to the survivors of those killed on 9/11.
“So you call Freda, and she comes in and saves your life.” About 74 percent of American mothers tried breast-feeding their newborns in 2006, according to the latest figures from the Centers for Disease Control and Prevention .
Once the drivers settled in, they were ushered into another room, Mr. Chowdhury said.
Here’s one thing Mr. Stannard gets right.
“This announcement suggests that firms have flexibility in setting pay levels,” he said.
The world has moved on.
“I know that it puts a little bit of fear into our competitors, for three reasons,” said John Loiars, the director of product development for Reebok Equipment Group.
Jack was given a diagnosis at age 2 of a mixed expressive and receptive language disorder.
Mr. Biden pulled out of the race in January 2008 after a poor showing in the Iowa caucuses.
This is no small feat when the surf is crashing, the fly line wants to tangle around the rod butt and the object of the angler’s desire is barreling along on a parallel course, sometimes just 30 feet away.
Female zebra finches, on the other hand, are limited to a few one-note low frequency calls.
It was 10 degrees below zero outside.
He says he is continually amazed at how little attention the war in Afghanistan has generated.
KARLOVY VARY, CZECH REPUBLIC — As President Dmitri A. Medvedev of Russia and President Barack Obama prepare to arrive in Prague on Thursday to sign a landmark arms control treaty, Marcela Balounova, like many Czechs, remains haunted by her memories of 1968, when nearly one million Warsaw Pact troops invaded Czechoslovakia, ushering in a period of political repression.
The president’s Supreme Court nominee, Elena Kagan, appears likely to be approved, barring unforeseen revelations.
That victim had managed to leave the scene of the shooting and was found at 108-49 Guy R. Brewer Boulevard, the police said.
In 2005, it inaugurated Empire High as a digital school, with the district issuing students laptops instead of textbooks, and more than 100 built-in wireless access points offering a powerful Internet signal in every classroom and even on the football field.
Next Monday, Peter E. Kukielski, the curator, and his crew will not spray the plants, many of them new hybrids bred to survive, and even thrive, without pesticides.
The Democrats can’t get 60 votes in the Senate.
The dispute stemmed from a feature of the N.B.A.
At the IFC Center, 323 Avenue of the Americas, at Third Street, Greenwich Village.
Colorado ASPEN MUSIC FESTIVAL AND SCHOOL July 1-Aug. 22.
Anesthesia remained a distant dream.
Joe Martuccio, the law director for the city of Canton, said by telephone on Friday he was in the process of determining whether the distribution occurred within city limits and whether he had the authority to investigate.
The season can sometimes be more grueling than gemütlich, but this year in particular I felt in need of a restorative, having attended the funeral of a friend who died on Christmas Day.
Alas, it was not the Dodgers’ center fielder, but if it was, who would be surprised?
This is a more complete version of the story than the one that appeared in print.
Over the last decade, Mr. Lagerfeld has taken couture — and Coco — in many different directions.
He said he did not necessarily want to take it, but students in that class, which teaches how to plot a sequence of courses leading to a degree, are guaranteed a seat in a remedial English class.
Needless to say, that project didn’t come to anything.
The owner Mark Cuban has invested heavily in All-Stars and former stars, trading for Jason Kidd in February 2008 and Shawn Marion last summer before making one more bold and expensive move at the February trading deadline.
Yesenia’s mother also recognized her likeness, and provided detectives with DNA to confirm the teenager’s identity.
A carpenter by trade, shirtless with a narrow waist, he stood on a southern corner of the Grande Rue with a dry razor blade.
Mr. Zardari’s chief antagonist, General Kayani, emerges as a stubborn guarantor of what he sees as Pakistan’s national interest, an army chief who meddles in civilian politics but stops short of overturning the elected order.
After a year and a half of extensive negotiations, the United States and Japan agreed that our alliance, rather than representing a cold war relic, was the basis for stability and prosperity in the region.
Gonjasufi There’s a weird voice on Gonjasufi’s first album, “A Sufi and a Killer” (Warp): quivery, blithe, at half-tempo to the song, overmodulated but seemingly faded through re-transmission, an audio copy of an audio copy.
Additionally, Mr. Silver will write for the newspaper and The New York Times Magazine, and he will work with the journalists and developers who create interactive graphics for NYTimes.com.
NBC did better after “Idol” ended; Olympic viewership rose to 23 million from 10 to 10:15 p.m. Eastern from 19.9 million in the last 15 minutes against the Fox series.
As he did so, he began to smile.
Biennale Gardens, Arsenale and other venues.
But the guards warned that if he demanded a hospital visit and he turned out not to be seriously ill, there would be consequences.
Improved capital requirements and leverage restrictions are now also under consideration in international forums as a key element of reform.
He said he didn’t want his social services department to run afoul of its obligation to house the homeless.
The European Union has said it will publish the results for 25 major banks this month.
career,” Ell said about the complaint, which was filed in United States District Court in Maryland.
CHESHIRE The Funky Monkey Cafe and Gallery Works by Kimberly Palencia.
Even in areas with strong tides there are times, near low and high tide, when currents are too slow to turn a turbine.
Thomas got lucky when a deflected desperation pass became lodged in his abdomen.
Mr. Lessins: At this time, I’m the only one making the pizzas — I make the dough.
But there were exceptions, Ms. Kaufman recalled.
Judge Camp, who has served on the Northern District of Georgia bench since his appointment by President Ronald Reagan in 1988, was released on $50,000 bond.
Soon, they were spending weekends rallying, picketing, studying the Constitution, blogging and jogging.
Presented by Naked Angels, Geoffrey Nauffts, artistic director; John Alexander, managing director; Andy Donald, associate artistic director; Brittany O’Neill, producer; in association with Richie Jackson and H!ghbrow.
Sari Bashi, the director of Gisha, an Israeli advocacy group that focuses on freedom of movement for Palestinians, said that the government’s promise of liberalization “doesn’t look good.” “Israel seems to be tinkering with the policy of the last three years, rather than reconsidering it,” she said.
“Our goal has been to try to maintain the continuity of our work force, but how long that will go on we don’t know,” he said.
He’d talk, but it wasn’t as much.
And its engineers are clearly thinking outside the battery.
She began to volunteer at the school, and in 2008 Dr. Maldonado-Rivera hired her as its parent coordinator.
It takes just 25 minutes to make the 75-mile trip.
“Currently, Albany micromanages everything from the chalk campuses purchase to the cost of tuition that students pay,” Mr. Paterson said.
Where did all this confidence and courage come from?
In anticipation, the producers brought along a mechanic for tune-ups and repairs.
The food at Aleppo has much in common with all three.
Dr. Peters suggested that parents avoid buying children younger than 13 a phone with a camera and Internet access.
Nuance engineers later exploited this gold mine, using it to test out new recognition algorithms to improve Dragon’s accuracy.
The Helvetica boycott is just one of the engaging tales of typographic obsession in “Just My Type.” Many of them involve designers who, like Mr. Highsmith, have devoted their working lives to creating fonts.
At 9 p.m., Bowery Ballroom, 6 Delancey Street, near the Bowery, Lower East Side , (212) 533-2111, boweryballroom.com; sold out.
Dale started 27 games as a freshman and was honorable mention all-Ivy.
Among the hundreds of residents who held a demonstration to back Mr. Coke last week was one hoisting a placard that read, “After God, then Dudus.” The system goes back generations.
The local measures interfered with that regime, and that’s not O.K.” Kris Kobach , a constitutional lawyer who was an author of the Hazleton ordinances and a lead lawyer defending them on appeal, said the ruling “places the Third Circuit on the extreme end of these issues.” The court’s argument was “very flimsy,” he said, because there was no “unmistakable act of Congress” that bans local governments from adopting measures like Hazleton’s.
In contrast, General Petraeus’s September order is focused on intelligence gathering — by American troops, foreign businesspeople, academics or others — to identify militants and provide “persistent situational awareness,” while forging ties to local indigenous groups.
The things that have changed in Woods’s life since then are almost too numerous to count.
To the Editor: Re “ Twin Discrimination: 2 Boys + 1 Pedagogical Rule = 1 Displeased Mom ” (Complaint Box, Oct. 10): In spite of the headline of the article and the accompanying illustration, the Brooklyn Botanic Garden neither discriminates against twins nor refuses them entry into any of our Children’s Garden programs.
The federal government has promised to at least double the salaries of the Rio police by the Olympic Games in 2016.
The issue of housing is especially delicate here.
Very few of these households pay income tax.
Kenneth I. Starr, the New York investment adviser who once counted Hollywood celebrities like Al Pacino, Martin Scorsese and Sylvester Stallone as clients, pleaded guilty on Friday in Federal District Court in Manhattan to charges that he diverted tens of millions of dollars of his clients’ money to pay for his lavish lifestyle.
Riddhi Patel, an analyst at iSuppli, says he thinks that innovations like LED-backlighting for LCDs, which can result in a picture with a crisper contrast ratio and a thinner screen, are what catch shoppers’ eyes in stores.
“We must get rid of them to really have conservation.” Deforestation has led to soil erosion at Yaxchilán, a Mayan city across the border in Mexico, which in turn has swollen rivers that erode limestone temples, said Norma Barbacci, regional director for the World Monument Fund .
But “overall warranty claims are down 50 percent in the last five years.
“There’s going to be a lot of volume that’s going to be delayed in terms of processing,” he said.
The “cabin” part is a little harder to justify, given that it’s clad in white vinyl rather than rough-hewn logs.
Women on both sides of the Atlantic realize that the keys to aging well are obvious, but challenging if you have bad genes, spend too much time in the sun or smoke a lot.
Bank regulators haven’t exactly covered themselves in glory.
Watch closely or it may bubble over.
La Newyorkina, at the new Hester Street Fair , specializes in popsicles in exotic Latin flavors like mango, coconut and avocado.
“What’s great about the alignment of interests is that it doesn’t require everyone to love each other; it’s not grade school,” Mr. Andreessen said.
Last year, in a sealed courtroom in Brooklyn, he and a colleague stood before a United States District Court judge while a Qaeda operative who had received terrorism training, and had met some of the group’s senior leaders in the tribal areas of Pakistan, pleaded guilty to charges including conspiring to kill American citizens.
He resigned to became the chairman of the athletic commission, a post he left in November 1984.
since it emerged from its government-sponsored bankruptcy last summer has been head-turning.
1 train at Christopher Street and walk to Garber Hardware, 710 Greenwich Street, (212) 242-9807, an institution that has been helping clueless urbanites with household projects since 1884.
Sometimes their bodies seem to touch all the way from brow to knee even as they march or glide along; sometimes there’s just enough space in their embrace for each to turn rapidly to either side, as when Ms. Hills wriggles responsively or when both dancers change directions, seemingly following conflicting impulses.
Tampa Bay is a great athletic team - if you put them in a computer it would spit out a championship.
In the other, popcorn and beer.
But poor is a relative concept when it comes to banking.
In a study published in the latest issue of The Cochrane Library, scientists pooled data from 13 previous studies on performance among shift workers.
To others, he is a Bond-style villain bent on taking over the world’s supply of chocolate .
A giant of Italian sport departed Milan on Tuesday.
He has kept at it, even as the public and news organizations have moved on to other topics, particularly the economy.
We’ve probably got 700 employees in Vegas.
As with the Sony, the Click Pad is RF, so it need not be directly pointed at the set to make selections.
The United States has 165,000 miles of oil pipelines, and about 200,000 miles of large interstate natural gas pipelines (plus many more miles of smaller lines).
New reports that two people had been killed for violating the insurgents’ ban on watching soccer could not be independently verified, but the Somali Information Ministry denounced the rebel restrictions, saying, “The Somali people must be allowed to watch the World Cup football.” Unlike in the rebel-held areas, a number of cinemas have been opened in government-controlled territory to show movies and the soccer games at a very low price.
AT ONE POINT, THERE WERE 1,500 CRAFTSMEN WORKING TO GET THE HOTEL READY FOR ITS GRAND OPENING LAST NOVEMBER.
They met, she said, at her college graduation.
The day was observed in various ways around the city.
But Mr. O’Donnell, unlike Ms. Maddow, has had a long history with the channel; he has been on the payroll since its founding in 1996, as a political analyst and as a very occasional weekend anchor.
Like the alliances that drew one country after another into World War I, a default by a single nation would send other countries tumbling.
(From Johnson’s sophomore year to his senior year, he was relegated to a backup tailback and special-teams contributor because Boise State simply had better players.)
What is not desirable is the “Wild West”situation in California and Colorado.
With tax rates at the center of the debate over how to revive the stalled recovery, the Federal Reserve is likely to spend its policy meeting on Tuesday weighing the merits of additional steps to stimulate the economy, while deferring some major decisions until later this year.
Waste-to-energy plants do involve large upfront expenditures, and tight credit can be a big deterrent.
“Up until now, major apparel brands have steadfastly refused to take any direct financial responsibility for the obligations to the workers in their contractors’ factories.
She knows that she may never be strong enough to cross the border again and that her continued treatment may depend on her husband’s ability to earn $11 an hour in Georgia, rather than $12 a day here as a farmhand.
He urged residents to lock their mailboxes, monitor their credit reports and alert the police to any instance of identity theft.
A few doors from Ward’s office, Coach Dave Beccaria had a similarly perplexing baseball recruiting season.
Some who have thrown eggs have died trying to get away.
And they were making fun of me: ‘Where is the subway?
A new Web site marrying his name with Mr. Clinton’s to organize an ambitious relief effort after last week’s earthquake devastated the Caribbean island.
20100514 ‘IN THE HEIGHTS’ A musical panorama of a neighborhood in Washington Heights undergoing change (2:20).
Predeceased by his wife Jean Ann Rutledge, daughter of Justice Wiley Rutledge, and brother Basil Pollitt.
In New Delhi, the Indian government called for leaders of the country’s major political parties to meet on Wednesday and seek consensus on how to quell the unrest and stabilize Kashmir, a disputed region claimed by both Pakistan and India.
“It could have been a jet fighter 10,000 feet above him,” Mr. Bernhard said.
“I done seen bodies lay in the streets for weeks,” said Malik Rahim, who lives around the corner from Mr. Bell and came to his aid.
“I think the fact that M.S.H.A., the state and our fire bosses and the best engineers that you can find were all in and around this mine, and all believed it to be safe in the circumstances it was in, speaks for itself as far as any suspicion that the mine was improperly operated,” Mr. Blankenship said.
It’s true he played a little better at the P.G.A.
He intro­duces a grandson, who writes a graffito in “an ambitious font,” and lets slip that the boy has recently won his school’s form prize; when his granddaughter announces that the dinosaurs were killed by “asteroid, or volcano,” he writes, “I wish she had said ‘volcanism,’ but what can I do?
“It’s something totally new, and very important, to take the marabouts to justice,” the historian said.
Drivers stopped to help the students off the bus.
“We don’t know the solution — we just know that current annuities are not very attractive,” he said.
It is going to weaken our presidency.”
Here was another enigmatic, and engrossing, Pollini performance.
Recently, the Bulls' former general manager, Jerry Krause, said that Bulls team ran the triangle offense better than any other and said it was ''one of the most enjoyable seasons we ever had.''
A Mischievous Menagerie in Rhyme.” Exhibition of original drawings of fanciful animals by Ronald Searle for “Beastly Feasts!” by Robert L. Forbes, in the Art Space for Children.
“You’re trying to run an upside-down pyramid in a pyramid structure,” he said.
It is also an instructive example of what “post-black” art means: art that can choose to refer to racial identity — or to class, or gender, or aestheticism, or daily life — or choose not to.
That’s kind of the timeline we’re looking at.” They have a long way to go, considering that the top result this week in a Google search for “Diamond League” in the United States was for a youth baseball league in Northeast Ohio.
During China’s decline in the 19th and 20th centuries, Taoism also weakened.
A statement, issued late Saturday by the campaign, offered high praise for Mr. Kirk from one of his former commanding officers.
Congress needs to protect the voters.
The onstage parade continued once the music began: old people with walkers or in wheel chairs, business types with briefcases, others in multicultural garb (costumes by Marcel Keller), apparently meant to demonstrate Switzerland’s ethnic diversity.
It is also inviting another internal debate that pits the Pentagon against other parts of the administration.
Young people in the other two fields, film and culinary arts, also do their share of networking, a skill that has somehow become part of modern-day camp craft.
Mr. Greenspan's filmmaking style was consistently familiar; it was cinematic comfort food for those who believe in the Olympics as an inspiring, almost spiritual athletic gathering.
board at 35, Ms. Brock was the first woman and the youngest person to hold the position.
Developed by David Haig, an evolutionary biologist at Harvard, the theory holds that there is a clash of interests between the fetus, whose purpose is to extract as much nutrition as possible, and the mother, whose interests lie in allocating her resources evenly to all the other children she may bear in the future.
Finally, the United States agreed to evaluate whether fresh beef can be imported from Brazil while preventing the introduction of foot-and-mouth disease.
He was given a suspended prison sentence for evading €1 million, or $1.4 million, in taxes by using a trust in Liechtenstein.
Mallinger made a 25-foot birdie putt on No.
Mr. Miller was appointed by the court.
It has nothing to do with bias and everything to do with expectations and hardships.
Donat Wald & Haque will create television and digital ads.
We could win and not advance.” Knowing the winner will not necessarily lift the World Cup trophy and the loser will not go home may free the Americans to take some chances the English may not.
DeWanna Bonner started in her place and led the team with 18 points.
They are expected to be ready for occupancy in October.
These mysterious creature-plants resemble mushrooms, but they turn heliotropically upward as if seeking the sun.
It isn’t only forceful, riveting stuff.
On Friday, Thames drove in the winning run.
“Bum Bum” puts you at the spotlighted center of a cast that can run into hundreds; “Malfi” underlines, in exasperating and tantalizing ways, your helplessness (and perhaps your guilt) as an anonymous, voyeuristic spectator.
Prices range from less than $10 for glass fishing floats, above, to $40,000 for a 17th-century screen made for a samurai.
A memorial gathering will be announced.
Embryonic cells can also form tumors if injected into the body.
In one of hundreds of telephone calls secretly recorded by federal authorities, some of which were described for the first time in the filing, Mr. Blagojevich complained to an ally on Election Day in 2008 that Mr. Blagojevich’s own “upward trajectory” was stalled because of Mr. Obama’s victory, and that “now is the time” for him to put his family first, “for a change.” Mr. Blagojevich, who was removed from office last year and has pleaded not guilty, dismissed the filing as “the same old false allegations and lies.” According to the prosecution document, immediately after the election, the governor’s negotiations over the seat seemed to occupy call after call, day after day.
7:02 p.m. | Updated Senator Robert C. Byrd of West Virginia will lie in repose in the chamber of his beloved Senate from 10:15 a.m. to 3:45 p.m. Thursday in a Capitol ceremony that has not occurred for more than 50 years.
But the argument over patenting and paying royalties for those resources, among other issues, has fueled a protracted fight.
The redesigned site, which will be available to all users in the next few weeks, makes it simpler to see information about the authors of Twitter posts, conversations among Twitter users, and the photos and videos that posts link to.
Nor has Haiti’s historic proclivity for drama and disaster.
In the document, Toyota said it had “negotiated an equipment recall” without a finding of a defect, saving $100 million.
Amagansett, N.Y. DRIFTWOOD ON THE OCEAN isn’t the sort of place one envisions as a summer retreat for a real estate mogul.
But sometimes the corporations pay vendors directly and simply name the caucus or an individual caucus member as an “honoree” in disclosure records filed with the Senate.
Some analysts had expected the E.C.B.
Ilie Nastase, the Romanian shotmaker who enjoyed playing with the crowd (and stirring the pot), also hit it in the same period.
Warmth and depth were the hallmarks, and that suited Beethoven’s dark, sometimes agitated ruminations.
“The key for what we want to do in China is to develop long-term relationships,” Mr. Albanese said on Friday.
It’s a survey I began not because I had some specific point to prove by gathering data to support it, but because I couldn’t avoid becoming aware of an obvious, disquieting truth.
INSIDE: The house was built in 1961, and extensively renovated by the owner.
“She has only heard the bad things,” Mr. Ridley said.
The Department of Defense has identified 1,402 American service members who have died as a part of the Afghan war and related operations.
Her father Joseph Achai was a noted biblical scholar and Hebrew poet.
“I have been cooking clams since 1963,” Mr. Knowles said.
Oklahoma (7-2, 3-2), which failed to convert three times on fourth-and-1 from the Aggies’ 1, slipped a game behind Oklahoma State in the Big 12 South.
She expresses herself very well, I can say that.
Because the affidavits are often signed by bank representatives who have a stake in the outcome, they should not be allowed as evidence, borrowers’ lawyers say.
Also be sure to shred any “convenience checks” that arrive with credit card statements, Ms. Foley said.
This is one of the finest esplanades in the world, passing under a cathedral-like canopy of American elms (the park contains one of the last great surviving stands of these excellent trees) and ending at Bethesda Terrace.
While Teach for America has regularly qualified for federal noncompetitive grants, cash-strapped school districts across the country are being forced into competition for grants from the Race to the Top program.
It opens on Sept. 1 with Garth Williams’s 1952 cover illustration for “Charlotte’s Web”; a 1939 Batman comic (consigned by the original owner, who paid 10 cents for it at a newsstand); and paintings including a 1903 Venice Grand Canal scene by Thomas Moran.
job — he is now chairman — and the company would like to wean the public off the idea that Charles Schwab is the public face of Charles Schwab.
But it’s one thing to put earmarks in the budget and another to foment a crisis between Israel and its benefactor over them.
“But if you don’t put your feet on the ground, what it’s given you will be taken away.”
Sure, it's nice having friends with second and third houses.
NEW ORLEANS WHAT: A two-bedroom two-bath condo in the New Orleans’s warehouse district HOW MUCH: $349,900 SIZE: 1,111 square feet PER SQUARE FOOT: $314.13 SETTING: This condo is on the third floor of a corner building in the Warehouse District, an area about a mile south of the French Quarter, along the Mississippi River.
His enthusiasm for the world of comics has already begun spilling over to his daughter.
Arena pointed out that the Court Square location was served by a number of subway lines, a help to needy clients.
After Girardi and team trainers were called to the mound by catcher Jorge Posada, Pettitte tried a practice pitch but told Girardi he could not continue.
Hunter has never pitched at Yankee Stadium.
A 1968 agency memorandum urged that Mr. Obadele “be kept off the streets”; another called him one of America’s “most violence-prone black extremists.” In his critique of American race relations, Mr. Obadele, who had a doctorate in political science, argued that slaves should not have automatically been considered American citizens after their emancipation because they were offered no choice in the matter.
The bass Keith Miller was a standout as the wily officer Zuniga.
Mark Burnett, Sarah Palin and Maria Baltazzi, executive producers.
(Many other routers in this price range offer a second frequency as an option.)
A few people have painted the cards with light-sensitive emulsion and exposed photographs onto them.
Mr. Huff said he had noticed Mr. Pendergrass while preparing for a Blue Notes recording session, when Mr. Pendergrass was still the band's drummer.
The company said gross margins fell to 36.9 percent, from 41.8 percent in the quarter a year ago.
The company must continue to create hit products, as a single misstep could give Android and other rivals an opportunity to make inroads and steal market share.
This fall, hundreds of middle- and high-school students will pull up a chair to work with Isabel and other “affective pedagogical agents.” Some will be assigned to tutors who match their sexes and races.
There are additional grounds for cautious optimism.
Her black-and-white film documents the rare virtues of the work’s first cast and of many choreographic details that were changed in subsequent performances.
“I love the message that ultimately while stuff is great and there’s nothing wrong with wanting a nice bag or a nice car or a nice house or nice clothes,” she said, “it ultimately is not the answer to our happiness or fulfillment, that it’s our human connection with one another, that without that none of the other stuff matters anyway.” Derrick Borte, the writer and director of “The Joneses,” talked about Ms. Moore in terms roughly equal to those who directed her 20 years ago.
But help arrived only after two police officers from the 104th Precinct station house drove past and decided to tackle the task.
“We live in a relativistic culture,” she told me.
“That’s really the main thing I’ve noticed.
It was just past 1:25 p.m. No nearby American or Afghan units had suffered a casualty.
A Facebook page has sprung up with more than 1,200 fans.
Mr. Graber said that a total of eight letters containing acid were mailed to eight different addresses, in several cases the wives of executives at Geneva private banks.
But Chicago instead elevated the interim manager Mike Quade.
Definitely worth the difference in cost.
“At the end of the day, we’re hopeful that advertisers will realize they shouldn’t be associated with excrement,” he said.
At an investor conference last month, Jeffery A. Smisek, the chairman of Continental, suggested that the decision to walk from United two years ago was the right one “at the time.” But he also said that he would be open to “defensively bulk up.” Those comments were interpreted as a signal that he would be willing to make a pre-emptive move for United.
At the hearing, he released a report, based on his committee’s document request to 30 for-profit colleges, showing that many students leave with large debts, and no diplomas.
Early last week, the first 36 minutes of “Deathly Hallows,” about a quarter of the movie, leaked onto the Internet, prompting a fresh round of hand-wringing about piracy and leading to some worries that the movie’s opening weekend would suffer as a result.
He has said that ratings agencies lowered their standards in pursuit of profits.
The company said last September that it would buy Solvay Pharmaceuticals of Belgium, which has a big emerging market presence, for $6.6 billion.
“I don’t drink water that comes out of the ground.” But among people who recently passed through Locust Grove multiple times, the consensus was that the bacteria could not be much of a threat — or no worse than the chemicals found in tap water.
The 14th Amendment, adopted after the Civil War, states: “All persons born or naturalized in the United States, and subject to the jurisdiction thereof, are citizens of the United States and of the state wherein they reside.” It could not be clearer.
But while the European Union rescue package helps backstop billions in losses, a fresh wave of losses is expected to hit banks soon as more beleaguered homeowners default on their mortgages and housing prices continue to tumble in Ireland.
With the world exploding and people dying, would customers really be driving up to order burgers as if it were just another sunny day in suburbia?
The insurance industry says it is protecting consumers and trying to hold down premiums.
A few days before the shooting, Mr. Sarich wrote to State Senator Jeanne Kohl-Welles, a Democrat from Seattle who has pushed to ease sanctions on marijuana use, say growers face dangers both of being robbed and of how they will be treated by the police.
Last month, rising public resentment against the new morals crackdown led President Mahmoud Ahmadinejad to distance himself on national television from any excessive or unfair enforcement.
The officers, directors and employees of Parkside Memorial Chapels note with profound sorrow the passing of Arlene, beloved wife of our dear friend and colleague Larrie.
We wanted to serve great food at an affordable price.
Originally from Woodbridge, Conn., he sleeps in Queens and takes two classes at N.Y.U., but virtually lives at the ballpark in Newark.
But Dr. Steiner remained skeptical, and he said on Tuesday he would consider her appointment only if Mr. Bloomberg installed an educator at her side.
LOT SIZE: N/A DATE BUILT: 1909 This loftlike condo on Manhattan's Upper West Side is on a tree-lined street without through traffic.
A disadvantage of gold as an investment is that it costs money to store and produces no income.
“I’m just a little kid from Akron,” he said.
In the mid-1960s, Dr. Black, leading a team of researchers, developed the first beta-blocker drug, propanolol, which was marketed as Inderal.
And even when she and Mr. Freeman discovered what the key unlocked at their destination — a padlocked space beneath a wooden waterfront pavilion, where there was not a lot to see besides fish skeletons and a few empty Coors Lite cans — she was ecstatic.
But those aren’t baby bands who had to do it themselves from the start.
Otherwise, you’re often on your own.
(Ages 4 to 8) Cats dance on dark rooftops and laundry lines, doing the twist, polka, conga and rumba, until, “ ‘Cut it out!’ the neighbors shriek.
“We’re not touching her unless it is an emergency,” he said.
Earlier, the audience stood in silence to honor Richard C. Holbrooke, the administration’s special representative to Afghanistan and Pakistan, who died Monday.
Interestingly, these two knowledgeable and honest political figures don’t even consider the notion of repealing the health care bill enacted this year.
“Are you kidding me?” he repeated in disbelief, adding an expletive the second time, even though the bill’s chances of passing were slim.
They were particularly swayed by the argument that even a censored version of Google’s search engine would provide Chinese people more access to information and help promote free expression in that country.
But there’s one thing in the film, which makes its debut on Saturday night, that really sets it apart.
They have also gone online with audio podcasts and a YouTube channel .
Richie!” You probably can imagine how the story ends, which is that Richie stopped showing up altogether.
Beloved husband of Jacqueline (nee Longo) of 46 years.
On Wednesday, the Dow Jones industrial average fell 50.79 points, or 0.47 percent, to 10,856.63.
A rider can operate this bike almost entirely right-handed; both the throttle and the lever for the linked front-rear brakes are on the right handlebar.
I was never the type to talk to myself, but as I walked the 90 feet back to the plate, I started to.
17 Michigan State (both 5-0, 1-0 Big Ten).
North, south, east or west, all pregnant women take about 38 weeks to reach full gestation.
Part of the appeal of “The Killer Inside Me,” he said, was that it called for a style that was just the opposite.
This has been a mostly clunky proposition, as manufacturers try to figure out the method for optimal browsing.
And Venice, Ms. Codello added, has relatively few ad spaces on scaffoldings compared with other art cities, like Rome and Florence, where billboards are far more prevalent.
Godby also produces novelties in the what might be called the nose-to-tail dessert paradigm: duck-fat pecan pies, foie-gras ginger-snap ice cream sandwiches, treats that incorporate odd animal parts.
be implemented as envisioned, the Swiss government would only have to show that the funds held in Switzerland by an alleged corrupt official are significantly larger than what someone could have credibly earned in office, and that the country from which the funds originate was known to be corrupt.
And that anticipated rivalry with the Knicks — which was supposed to be stoked by that Midtown billboard — will have to wait another year.
A sign on a nearby wall reads, “You are now entering the domain of Princess.” The apartment costs $215 a month and is paid for by the Human Resources Administration .
The office is in a building that has a volatile history.
“Yeah, you know I love everything here,” Kovalchuk said when asked if he wanted to return.
He got it, Mr. Russell said, because “he’s unpretentious.
Earlier this month, China announced it would tighten monetary policy next year and shift it from “relatively loose to prudent.” The move to limit liquidity and bank lending, presumably through raising interest rates and other means, indicates that Chinese leaders are worried about inflation but feel confident enough in future growth that they can afford to cool the economy.
As Vladimir Nabokov pointed out in his “Lectures on Russian Literature,” “Literature belongs not to the department of general ideas but to the department of specific words and images.” Delight and close observation can have a liberating moral force of their own.
They still imagine that when push comes to shove, our politicians will come together to do what’s necessary.
She said that in her rage, she then confronted the pimps and threatened to go public.
And if that book has pictures in it, he is likely to be ready for his close-up.
While driving is still the easiest option, a 7.75-mile light rail connecting some of the nearby towns to Mendoza, including Godoy Cruz and Maipú, is scheduled to begin operation in the first half of 2011.
The greatest sporting events combine drama, import and action.
An asterisk (*) indicates that a book’s sales are barely distinguishable from those of the book above.
Which is kind of too bad because it would have helped to fill the enormous gap between games in the Cleveland-Boston series.
But the kids’ antennae may be more sensitive.
I have things that I have to work on every day.
He is convinced that voters have yet to make up their minds, and that “the extreme malarkey coming out of Newt’s mouth” (that would be Newt Gingrich, the former House speaker) will ultimately redound to the benefit of Democrats.
(On busy nights, the bar sets up a $10 valet service.)
The album is “All the Waters of the Earth Turn to Blood,” recently released on the label At a Loss.
that Mothers Against Drunk Driving and others did for D.W.I.
That put Davis in position to be the first to welcome Barajas at home plate as the team streamed from the dugout to celebrate.
On Thursday, Mr. Abbas said he would require written assurances either from the Israeli prime minister, Benjamin Netanyahu, or the Americans on borders and settlements to start the direct talks.
The United Nations climate process itself is on probation.
“He said he could pitch but would have to change his delivery,” Manager Terry Francona said.
A spokesman for Upper Deck did not respond to an e-mail message.
(PHOTOGRAPH BY AVI GERVER FOR THE NEW YORK TIMES)
Nurses and aides at traditional hospitals may grow frustrated with such patients, but Select’s nurses and aides are used to them, he said.
This Mexican sauce, traditionally made with de arbol chiles, is quite spicy.
It’s so delicate that there are sure to be crumbs left in the cellophane package once you are done.
In his letter, Senator Grassley said his inquiry was prompted by a June 20 article in The New York Times that detailed disputes in recent years between Zimmer and two of its top consultants.
“Goldman Sachs also does not spend corporate funds directly on electioneering communications,” the firm said in its statement.
The safety car was deployed and the race did not restart until lap 7.
In any case, a car or bicycle is needed to get around.
OPENINGS The Bunker (24 Ninth Avenue; bunkerclubnyc.com ), from the Beatrice Inn alum Matt Abramcyk, opens tonight in the meatpacking district.
But making it happen was not cheap: a 12-inch screen in the back seat of a 1951 Cadillac was installed for the princely sum of $1,000 — the equivalent of $8,251 today.
The focus is on the Tour’s announcement this week of the 22 teams of nine men each who will compete in July.
When they did not get it, they decided they did not want the apartment anymore.
But the same cannot be said, he continued, “where teaching human rights law is involved.” The decision was a victory for Solicitor General Elena Kagan, who argued the case in February and whose confirmation hearings for a seat on the court are scheduled to start next week.
This technique won't, by the way, rid you of the memory.
From “Not Entitled: A Memoir”: Yet I grew fat and stayed so until, suddenly, I became a slender adolescent, still of course shortsighted, the victim of various tics, worried about many things, especially girls, for a few years looking, and even contriving to feel, like other youths.
The bill also would have set aside $4.2 billion to reopen the Sept. 11 Victim Compensation Fund to provide compensation for any job and economic losses.
You can't just crunch it down, or it might tear.''
“Tim, Rahm and Larry and the president have given it a lot of thought,” said one senior adviser close to all four.
“I’m not going to claim that every Tea Party or 9/12 leader thinks I’m hunky-dory, but I do think the people who I’ve reached out to would acknowledge that I’ve welcomed them into the Republican Party.
He convened a commission ultimately reporting that the anticorruption investigators were violating the human rights of suspects they arrested.
But given the competitive nature of the benefits culture in Silicon Valley, where companies often offer extra perks to attract top employees, Google’s decision could lead to policy reviews, experts said.
If Polamalu cannot play, Ryan Clark will shift to strong safety and Ryan Mundy will play free safety.
Now that FreshDirect has a firm foothold in the tri-state area, Mr. Braddock said he planned to renew the company's focus on growth.
Approval for lower back pain alone could add as much as $500 million in annual sales of Cymbalta, on top of its $3 billion current sales, an investor note from Barclays Capital said Thursday.
So far this year, the Dow Jones Select U.S. Dividend index is up 1.9 percent, while the S.& P. 500 is down 2.5 percent, including dividends.
On the family’s last night in Sonoma, the parents pile the three kids into the car, each armed with a bag of M&M’s.
Typically, he said, there were around 3,000 tickets available for each game at Giants Stadium.
This has eroded whatever fragile consensus that had been starting to form in favor of speaking out against Chinese policies.
I'd gladly pay our family doctors a flat annual fee (does $50 seem reasonable?)
I especially admire one nimbus-gray cat that comes walking across the yard looking as much like a feline bull as it is possible to look.
In retrospect, he wishes he had been more vocal in giving direction when Tryon’s future was being charted.
Republicans have argued that the new health law will lead to rationing, warning even of “death panels.” Democrats have responded that care is already rationed, with 50 million people going largely without insurance, and that the law will bring greater equity.
That’s exciting.” It’s hard to imagine an artistic strategy more daring, since when it comes to math the audience’s attention, it is often assumed, is very precarious.
Running time: 2 hours 4 minutes.
He directed it for 20 years, during which it mainly performed his work.
Cable news and sports cable channels feasted on it throughout the day.
Timothy McSweeney , who inadvertently donated his name to the San Francisco publishing venture founded by the novelist Dave Eggers , died on Jan. 24.
It is at a glance an innocuous-looking portrait, reminding you a little of an Andy Warhol screen print.
As Pakistani officials briefed Mr. Kerry beside his helicopter, the governor of Punjab asked aloud whether the people were very angry.
BRAGGING rights for homeowners are fleeting, hard to hold as a fistful of fog.
Others are drawn to those who behead kings, while the next gal will flee from a good thing.
''I hope to pursue it, go a little further,'' Ms. Fuller said.
One point about genocide is that the witnesses never die.
Pakistan has not yet announced any arrests.
From Sandy Koufax to Denny McLain to Steve Carlton to Roger Clemens, the best record almost always denoted the best pitcher, which the award was and is about.
The jurors agreed that Disney was guilty of breaching a contract.
One allowed police officers to vary the wording of the warning; the other allowed a second round of questioning of suspects who had invoked their rights so long as two weeks had passed since their release from custody.
The Kings might rank below the Knicks in the standings, but their talent is demonstrably superior.
“So I don’t have any complaints about that, particularly after the latest change.” Tension between Special Operations and conventional commanders has often surfaced in the American military, but General McChrystal himself has a great deal of credibility in the black operations world.
Environmentalists squared off against business groups and Texas state officials on Thursday at a hearing on the Obama administration’s proposal to tighten standards for smog-producing pollutants, a change that could improve the health of millions but would impose burdensome costs on industry and local governments.
(The couple divide their time between here and Manhattan, where their two daughters attend school.)
The dialogue is what you’d expect from a skilled dramatist, so true you feel you’re in a room with the characters.
(The first three are Humphry Slocombe ice cream flavors; the fourth is Godby’s stock response to the question “What crazy new flavor are you making next?”) A mount of a taxidermied two-headed calf protrudes above the bar.
Mr. Crist said auditors should have looked at party finances all the way back to 2000.
Under Salazar, Ritzenhein has added more speed workouts: 8 to 10 repeats of 200 meters in 29 to 30 seconds on a track, then on a hill.
There is a quiet confidence about Gallinari, showmanship balanced by modesty.
Marian Trisc, a former police officer and social worker, who is volunteering in the Roma settlement in Ostrovany, attributed the dire conditions to a mixture of social prejudices and a Romany culture that he said did not value work.
Mr. Screven also pointed to another one of Sun's neglected children during his speech at Oracle's Silicon Valley headquarters -- the SunRay.
But, she said, society has changed since then.
There’s no obligation for them to do anything if they fall into financial distress.” This means residents, their family members and even the staff providing care may not find out about a property’s financial troubles until they see an eviction notice or a sheriff at the door.
Kevin Blackistone of Fanhouse.com believes Angels outfielder Torii Hunter could have used a mentor, or a history lesson, before he started talking about the differences between black Americans and blacks from Latin America.
“I really liked going to see plays.
Westbrook (1-2) had Tommy John surgery in June 2008.
Mr. Ellison lives in part off loans.
Doctors at a Shanghai psychiatric hospital diagnosed his condition as schizophrenia, administered antipsychotic drugs and, a month later, set him free.
Beverly Edwards, who has been working at the Clean Rite for five years, said use the country bumpkin one, it reminded her of Gomer Pyle.
Both specials trotted out the pop-star staples.
It’s more so the things he does than what he says.” Crawford, 28, started his major league career with Tampa Bay in 2002 and has not ruled out returning.
Ms. Khalifa, who was born in Egypt and raised in Texas, wears a head scarf but also juggles, comfortably, the demands of American suburbia: crowded schedule, minivan and all.
Make sure at least some water has come out the drainage hole.
It’s a sign of both the game’s depth and inconsistency that Schiavone and Stosur, like Ivanovic, also lost first-round matches at Wimbledon.
Modern sportswriters do not need to hunt quite so far.
A. J. Hinch, hired to manage the Diamondbacks last May, is the latest to make the catcher-to-skipper transition.
The violinists were also featured in showstopping accounts of two purely instrumental works, the canzone “La Treccha” by Tarquinio Merula and Dario Castello’s Sonata No.
The United States is also at risk, he said, though he rated the chances of deflation low.
At least that is according to their creator, Pierre Rusconi of the Swiss People’s Party, who commissioned the ad campaign to drum up support for his far-right party well in advance of canton and national elections in 2011.
The increase in poverty under the city’s calculation from 2005 to 2008 contradicts the official federal poverty rate, which showed a decline in New York for the same period, and defied the efforts of Mayor Michael R. Bloomberg, who had made combating poverty a priority of his second term and pioneered the new poverty measurement.
“You can’t go into the season and say if you finish second, it’s good.
It is crucial to how Cohen and Ross see themselves: equal parts barnstormers and brainstormers, creating and sustaining networks of networks.
Yet the affirmative answer from Bob Fryar, a BP senior vice president, did little to assuage Mr. Zupanovic, whose oyster beds were among many near the Mississippi River’s western bank, where black oil recently appeared.
Mr. Graham has introduced legislation to force the administration to use military commissions exclusively to try terrorism defendants.
They have faced innumerable challenges — the implosion of Tower Records, a generation of young consumers who refuse to pay for digital music, and technology company executives intent on capitalizing on the music industry’s troubles.
Retail investors hold more than two-thirds of outstanding muni debt, according to Federal Reserve data.
To avoid that problem, Kathee Tesija, executive vice president of merchandising for Target, said the company Web site and stores ran different deals.
Nobody else in the Obama administration has been mired in Pakistan for as long as Defense Secretary Robert M. Gates .
JUDICIAL ACTIVISM Courts should not take the lead in creating a more just society, she said in her written Senate testimony.
The Italia says that beauty doesn’t have to be sacrificed to modern performance.
Pretty soon we’d start moving those icons around, and adding new ones by downloading whichever applications appeal to us.
The phrase “Down and Out in Beverly Hills” — the title of a 1986 Hollywood farce — has become a widespread reality.
“The World Cup would help toward peace in Asia as a whole.
Within days, though, attention shifted to Liès Habbadj, the 35-year-old manager of a halal slaughterhouse in the western city of Nantes, described by the authorities as the husband of the veiled woman.
SimpliSafe’s monitoring service is $15 a month and requires no phone line; the system uses a cellular wireless connection to stay in touch with the SimpliSafe monitoring service.
“I couldn’t believe how powerful that testimony was, and I knew, at that moment, we were going to repeal the policy.” Ms. Gillibrand also set up a Web site featuring videos of gay and lesbian veterans, some of whom had been discharged, telling their personal stories.
Ross homered again in the fifth.
There is the subsidy dodge.
That leaves Goldman, along with other banks in similar situations, with a problem.
The copies were full of inconsistencies, but the musicians knew the piece well enough to play it from memory, said Herold Klein, a violinist who was 28 at the time.
This year’s Hermès windows depict rustic domestic scenes inspired by a new line of porcelain dinnerware called Les Maisons Enchantées, by François Houtin, an artist and Hermès scarf designer.
An asterisk (*) indicates that a book’s sales are barely distinguishable from those of the book above.
“There is mass interest in beer,” said Kirill Vishnepolsky, the editor in chief of the Russian edition of Men’s Health Magazine .
However, there was at least one bright spot this year: The average scaled score for eighth-grade English was 648, up from 621 in 2006; the average eighth-grade math score rose to 655 from 608 in 2006.
But a case being heard before a military court at Joint Base Lewis-McChord near Seattle could surpass all that have come before in the two wars: an investigation into accusations that a drug-addled Army unit formed a secret self-described “kill team” that repeatedly killed Afghan civilians for sport, posing for pictures with victims and taking body parts as trophies.
Mark Madoff, the older of Bernard L. Madoff ’s two sons, hanged himself in his Manhattan apartment on Saturday, the second anniversary of his father’s arrest for running a gigantic Ponzi scheme that shattered thousands of lives around the world.
Several elected officials have spoken out in favor of the team, including Gov.
If private equity is going to succeed abroad, it is going to need to turn to new forms of investing, where its skills or capital are valued, like distressed investing.
$525,000 44 Sunset Drive, Westchester r 4 f 2 h 1 o 12 weeks 41-year-old colonial; vinyl siding, upgraded appliances, family room w/wood stove; new windows, doors and heating system; 0.5-acre lot; taxes $12,590; listed at $564,000.
American Express, meanwhile, seemed to attribute the exchange ratio difference to the different models of redemption -- in this case, directly shopping on Amazon.com vs. getting a gift card to spend at Zappos.com.
The recession was under way and travelers were looking for bargains.
It was the best performance by a far-right party in Hungary since the fall of Communism in 1989.
I try and do the best I can.” In an ironic twist, Castillo said he found himself trying to cheer up the slumping Tejada.
Where is it coming from?
The postings that led to this case were comments on the arrest of a man who had also been charged with insulting the monarchy after he refused to stand for the playing of the royal anthem in a movie theater.
Last week, about 500,000 tickets were put on sale in South African supermarkets, dropping the requirement that they be bought online.
That might be a start, although we suspect that the temptation to game the system would be enormous.
“We disagree with The Times’s interpretation of FOIL as contained in the papers we received.” He said the department would not comment further “since these issues are now in litigation.” The four requests from Times reporters were for the addresses of New York City residents who had been granted gun permits, for the Police Department’s database on hate crimes, for its database on crime incident reports and for the tracking log on Freedom of Information requests.
Perhaps you wished you were.
¶Cesc Fabregas, the Arsenal captain, will miss the rest of the Premier League season because of a broken right leg, an injury that jeopardizes his chance of playing for Spain in the World Cup.
A surge in exports helped narrow the politically important trade gap with China, which retreated 10.3 percent.
“Why do people with heart conditions go to my plays instead of to the hospital?” In addition to writing, directing and staging his own plays, Mr. Koutoukas acted in many productions of Charles Ludlam’s Ridiculous Theatrical Company, and he appeared in a small role, as Walter Lobello, in the 1993 film “Naked in New York.” He is survived by a sister, Jean Ann Davidson, of Endwell, N.Y.
The classic look of the Flying Pigeon, whose design emulates midcentury British bicycles, is certainly part of its appeal.
Mr. Inglis has broken with his party on occasion, and his status provided more evidence that the anger against incumbents applied to both parties heading into November.
4 with 241,000 copies sold, a 64 percent increase from the week before.
MTV is enjoying a renaissance.
But the first effort at Aqueduct failed when the original sponsor, the New York Racing Association, declared bankruptcy in 2006.
“A lot,” Mr. DiNapoli retorted, “and they’ll be voting for me on Nov. 2.” Although much of the debate centered on accounting practices and tax loopholes, the candidates displayed passion at times, most notably when they addressed each other directly.
Agency: Venables Bell & Partners.
candidate in two years, his Bad Newz Kennels days a distant memory.
King is Tottenham’s commander of defense.
Millions of out-of-work Americans have turned to Medicaid to help pay their medical bills.
“We should know exactly what the Republicans want to cut, if not education,” Mr. Pfeiffer said.
Mr. Zuckerman announced the appointment of the head of U.S. News, William D. Holiber, to the top job at The Daily News in a memo to the staff.
As dusk fell we watched a tree in the distance go white with egrets.
He also vowed to increase public oversight of so-called special accounts, vast pools of money from pension funds and elsewhere that his and other ministries have controlled with little disclosure.
“What happens if we change our minds?” Ms. Molitor asked the agent.
Or are you going to say, ‘Oh, no.
has traditionally used more business-oriented advertising media, the goal with this campaign was not necessarily to get viewers to buy or use G.E.
After a seesaw session, however, share prices ended mostly lower.
Mr. Caruana also said that he does not expect any delay in implementing new banking rules, despite signals to the contrary from the meeting of the G-20 nations in Toronto last weekend.
In videos taken that day, Friend looks barely beyond his teens: his brown hair and beard were scraggly, and he was so slight from a bad intestinal virus that he seemed incapable of moving, much less contorting into a lotus position while balancing in handstand.
After all, it isn’t cheap.
Like it or not, we are witnessing the relative decline of the West.
The agency also has given the Byers family $50 in Neediest Cases money to pay for Rayshell’s application fee to an after-school arts program and $129 for a toolbox for Curtis.
They have seized on a pair of traffic reports prepared by the city and the reports’ differing conclusions to make their case.
“I’m hopeless,” said Ms. Rasheed, who earns $270 a week from a job at a J. C. Penney store in the Bronx, adding, “I can’t do anything.” Many of the city’s poorest families may soon confront a similar fate.
“Echo,” from 1966, is a bit like an enormous yellow beach ball with bands of red, white and blue squeezed into a box.
Service Monday at "The Riverside" 76th St. Amsterdam Ave.
(If the money were put into a trust, it could be subject to tax when it was withdrawn, he said.)
The saying among "the guys" at AA was that "perfection was not good enough for him."
March 26 at 8 p.m. $23 to $43.
The Pacifica began the second half with a leap to the Quartet No.
A thin, taut line of suspense is drawn around the furtive, nervous actions of the book, so that, as with all great crime novels, the pace simultaneously quickens and slackens.
“We get a lot of bands at Hotel Le Jolie,” said Todd Cahill, vice president of hotel operations for Globiwest Hospitality Group , which owns Hotel Le Jolie, Hotel Le Bleu and the three Brooklyn Best Westerns.
Last year, he made more than $50,000 — the highest salary he ever made working for someone else — and he expects to do even better this year.
The Twelves, as they are better known, exert a romantic pull on those who sail them.
Later that year the company staged its milestone production of Handel’s “Giulio Cesare” with Beverly Sills as Cleopatra, a breakthrough performance that finally made her a major star.
White said he feared at first that Furyk might have been in an accident on the way to the course.
Oddly enough, the answer to both questions may be yes.
Storybook ballets are full of conventional magic: benevolent fairies and malevolent spells and princely kisses to rescue whichever princess happens to need rescuing.
Other early scenes observe the Winston brothers (Clint has a gap in his teeth to distinguish him from Lane) living in Arizona, at a time when their goal seems within reach.
The brothers’ internal shorthand plays a key role in their collective identity.
Mr. Gravel responded in a 2007 account of the incident in The New Republic, saying, ''It's understandable that he would have some recriminations and strike out at me since I had been such a policy opponent of his.''
That was the lowest level since late July 2008.
None of them is nearly as intense, of course.
The bride, 30, who will keep her name, is a photographers’ agent at Marge Casey & Associates in Manhattan.
“I could not argue giving away 100 flowers is as important as giving money to Paul Farmer ,” Ms. Martin said of the anthropologist who helped found the medical charity Partners in Health.
Zoolander, the fashion plate played by Ben Stiller in his 2001 comedy of the same name, is one of two characters that Mr. Stiller will portray in a series of Web-based digital shorts for Paramount Digital Entertainment.
It may be a long time before the billionaire Mr. Bloomberg shakes off his “let them eat cake” moment as the storm was winding down.
While the number of college students studying Spanish, French and German increased only modestly from 2006 to 2009, enrollment in American Sign Language — the fourth most-popular language — surged more than 16 percent, according to a new report from the Modern Language Association .
Dazzled by Dubai’s rapid urbanization, other countries in the gulf are seeking to emulate it, especially as they prepare for a population boom.
(Zia, North, cue-bid two diamonds to show heart support, then cue-bid again and continued with three no-trump to offer a choice of games.
To understand them better is to learn something about America at a particular moment in its history.
And yet there are many stories of individual success, built on hard work — and some luck.
In recent decades, more than 90 aircraft have suffered damage from volcanic plumes, according to the International Civil Aviation Authority , an arm of the United Nations .
At first, less than 5 percent of my clients were Asian, but after five or six years almost all of them were.
In October 1999, two months after Vladimir V. Putin, a former K.G.B.
Instead, the officials pledged to eventually retrofit seven of the 80 new cars into bar cars.
Presented by the Public Theater , Oskar Eustis, artistic director; Andrew D. Hamingson, executive director.
She graduated, cum laude, from Ithaca College.
I had to sign it on the computer while he was on the phone.
“The United States is turning a corner in meeting the high school dropout epidemic,” General Powell and his wife, Alma J. Powell, wrote in a letter introducing the report.
National Gallery of Art, National Mall between Third and Seventh Streets, at Constitution Avenue NW; (202) 737-4215, nga.gov .
And Mr. Bachus released a November letter from the F.B.I.
Released in 1982, “Poltergeist” featured a brief bravura turn by Ms. Rubinstein as Tangina, the clairvoyant summoned to scour a suburban home of spirits.
Her father worked in the burgeoning world of theme parks as a marketing director for Disneyland and then for Universal Studios and Sea World.
Rather than turn himself in by a Monday deadline, Mr. Arnada went underground, setting off the latest stage of Indonesia’s ongoing debate between defenders of free speech and conservative activists seeking to reshape a diverse Indonesia into a stricter, Islamic-flavored moral mold.
Mr. Hoffman, an Academy Award winner for ''Capote'' and a Tony Award nominee for ''True West'' and ''Long Day's Journey Into Night,'' has been eager to play Willy for some time, Mr. Nichols said in a telephone interview, and the two men have been making plans for a production for months.
His advisers — old friends, current aides and former chief executives — have encouraged him to think big.
In the morning, after coffee, I threw out my underwear.
But Mr. Conover is good company wherever he goes.
Dow Chemical rose $1.76, or 5.85 percent, to $31.83.
Payne is frequently up off the bench, while Sutton will occasionally come off his stool, lean on his cane and chide an official or instruct a player.
But Rice could not stay healthy -- he missed six games with injuries in his first two seasons -- and he realized he needed to do more to play regularly.
Many prominent Republicans say the United States should embark on a building campaign.
Don’t expect me to call ball four.
It is the fixation that is interesting: its qualities and textures, the impression it leaves in memory.
These might be metaphors about the mind and its limits, which have come to seem far more expansive than most people imagined back in the dark ages of the 1950s.
The officials said Vice President Dick Cheney had advised the agency that there was no need to inform Congress about the program.
Ms. Ono has also released “Double Fantasy/Stripped Down,” a radical remix of the 1980 album in which her elimination of overdubs and effects yields a tight, punchy version of the set, in which the vocals are clear and crisp.
Most recently he served as the editor of T: The New York Times Style Magazine, which he helped create in 2004.
But to guys, harem pants don’t exactly shape the body, shoulder pads are unusual because you look like a linebacker and sequins are a cry for attention.” On this day Ms. Medine, a brunette with big brown eyes and a tanned complexion, was dressed in skinny brown jeans and an oversized gray sweater with fringes and braided fabric along the arms.
The speaker strolled down to Axelrod’s end of the table and delivered the message bluntly.
Millions will be waiting to see how he handles Mickey’s reinvention.
In testimony at the board hearing, his supporters said he had consistently received positive evaluations from superiors and won distinguished teacher awards at least twice.
“I am challenging Bill Richardson to a televised debate about whether we should continue the failed policies of the Richardson-Denish administration, or seek real change.” Ms. Martinez’s approach appears to be working, with polls putting her in the lead against a more established politician in a state that has long elected Democrats to the Roundhouse, as the state capitol is known.
“But over time, we’re going to be using less synthetics, and that’s a good thing.” These days, walking past the occasional weed, Carlson has moved on to other goals.
They can give fresh life to old jackets that have been lingering in dry-cleaner bags.
For a fourth-quarter deal, a prospectus should come within weeks.
This isn’t a surprising line of thinking from a conservative pope who, as a theologian, once kept watch over the church’s doctrine.
He cocked his head and grimaced.
If I am to tell the story of the recent past, I must tell more than is instantly accessible to any moderately motivated citizen.
“We got every climate except for Arctic.” There are snowcapped mountains, giant waterfalls, dense jungles, rain forests, lava fields, beaches of white, black and even green sand, and the most active volcano on earth, Kilauea.
The last “Annie” comic concluded with its title character missing in Guatemala, and, according to a caption, Daddy Warbucks “resigning himself to Miss Annie’s being lost forever.” A final panel bore the legend, “And this is where we leave our Annie.
Sometimes, players like Hessman are characterized as “4-A players,” too good for Class AAA but not quite good enough to stick with a major league team.
PHOTO (PHOTOGRAPH BY JIM WATSON/A.F.P.-- GETTY IMAGES)
Thursday at 10:30 a.m. and 12:30 p.m. $10.
He has niggling pain from fluid in a knee, but there is no rest for the gifted.
So many asked for the jobs, the school kept a waiting list.
The defender with the spade ace can win the second round of the suit and leave you with a club loser.
Despite the hardships, people are continuing to flee repression and fear in Myanmar, and when they are deported, many return, several people said.
''The state is simply overwhelminglyDemocratic, and any Republican swimsupstream,'' said Jeffrey Berry, a politi-cal science professor at Tufts Universi-ty.In the 10th Congressional District,Bill Keating, a Democrat and the Nor-folk County district attorney, defeatedJeff Perry, a Republican state repre-sentative and former police sergeant.The Democratic incumbent, Bill Dela-hunt, is retiring after seven terms.Republicans had hoped to gainground in Massachusetts after Mr.Brown won the Senate seat long held byEdward M. Kennedy.
But Tennessee went three-and-out, and the fans booed when Coach Jeff Fisher decided to punt on fourth-and-1.
Drug companies already are trying to develop drugs that can build muscles or forestall their weakening without the notoriety of anabolic steroids .
Bank of America was down 13 cents, closing at $13.06, and General Electric was down 20 cents, at $15.49.
“We are all asking the same question.” He said he had not been able to speak to the prime minister.
Waters, 40, who has long been active in social causes, “is build acceptance, awareness and appreciation that people may be different than you.” There are no quizzes or tests in the class, and homework is assigned only occasionally.
Wozniacki used a strong serve and aggressive net play, losing only 4 points the entire set.
“My father worked as a radio engineer and was always involved with the equipment,” he said.
Democrats are favored at the moment in Delaware and New York, but an upset would further shrink the majority.
The seven-nation military project was initially planned to cost €20 billion for 180 aircraft, with deliveries starting this year.
In “Wild Moon and Sea” (1961), at Knoedler, the lunar orb is ensconced in an oysterlike blob of clouds.
That balloting is scheduled to take place at Wednesday’s session in suburban Rye Brook.
Donors can communicate directly with the scientists, who guarantee that the results will be made public in an academic journal or on the site.
In some quarters, there was speculation that police officers used to a culture of graft and favoritism might have had a level of sympathy for Mr. Mendoza that blinded them to the seriousness of the situation.
(His last day is Dec.
Before Pacifica imposed new managers last year, the station had fallen so far behind on rent for its transmitter atop the Empire State Building that it nearly went off the air.
A tetrahedron is a simple construct — four sides, each a triangle.
Service Sunday 11:30am at "The Riverside," 76th St. and Amsterdam Ave.
Heat the oil in a large, heavy skillet over medium heat, and add the garlic.
Apart from her penchant for repetition, my only quibble with Ephron is all this I-remember-nothing talk.
Toward the tail end of 2008, we had a peak in the loss performance of the portfolio.
Similar divisions were evident in the recent Group of 20 meeting , between a Europe bent on deficit reduction and a United States still promoting stimulus spending, a friction that analysts say contributed to a shaky week in world financial markets.
There are quite a few characters like that in “Ordinary Thunderstorms,” and Boyd can’t disguise his affection for them.
Her mother, a teacher who also ran a puppet theater, remarried and had three more sons, whom Djurberg helped to raise.
“We never built a house with a pool,” he said.
Mr. Rehn offered additional encouragement to Spain, saying that he expected “the same competent teamwork and resilience will be seen in the Spanish economy and its reforms” as had been displayed by the nation’s victorious soccer team Sunday night.
Prosecutors charge an owner when they determine that there is “a situation in which an officer either engages in conduct or causes conduct which amounts to the crime,” said Seth L. Rosenberg, a former Manhattan prosecutor who is now a defense lawyer.
As Aaron David Miller, who long labored in the trenches of that process, once observed, the United States ends up as “Israel’s lawyer” rather than an honest broker.
It’s a (literally) cheap trick that only sounds impressive to people who don’t know anything about budget realities.
Roosevelt also looms over Bradley’s provocative study of a little-remembered “imperial cruise” that, in his view, set the stage for World War II in the Pacific.
A Master Plumber in the City of New York since 1948.
His aesthetic is evident the moment you walk through the front door.
To the Editor: Re “ Another Iranian Revolution?
On Monday, the Jets’ owner, Woody Johnson, reacted angrily to the coin flip by N.F.L.
Or we’d go to New Orleans.
country, one did not have to explain to the offspring of immigrants from countless soccer countries how to enjoy a game.
The director, Mr. Romanek, is probably most famous for his stylish, innovative MTV music videos, like the one for Michael and Janet Jackson’s “Scream,” which takes place on a flying saucer, or for the Nine Inch Nails song “Closer,” which begins with a disembodied heart still beating, thanks to some electrodes and an off-screen battery.
The celebration will also welcome a real space traveler: Michael Massimino, an astronaut who recently helped repair the Hubble Telescope.
Baroque music has been another fascination of Mr. Dorman’s: an early prelude, included on a 2006 Naxos recording of his piano works, was based on a Bach figure, and in the four concertos here, composed between 1995 and 2006, Mr. Dorman lets his neo-Baroquery run wild.
The Cassidys volunteered for Democrats in 2008 but are mostly on the sidelines this year, though they say they do intend to vote.
At the same time, NoHo has splashily added condos, which have been met with varying degrees of approval.
In the German composer Matthias Pintscher’s “Study IV for Treatise on the Veil” (2009), a sustained exercise in quietude, the instruments play softly plucked pitches, melodic fragments, occasionally an abrupt chord, sometimes a rumbling arpeggio or almost inaudible riff, and so on.
A Brazilian singer and composer from a backward Bahian town who had his first major exposure during the late-1960s Tropicalia movement, he uses his country’s popular music as holy writ, blank slate and cudgel; around it, he plays interrogator, holy fool, historian and sweet melodist.
One season could make or break the year.
“It is a funky property and it is attracting all sorts,” Mr. Moore said, including “models and actresses” whom he declined to name.
“I was madly in love with him, but deep inside I always knew it wasn’t the truth,” she said.
The female choristers who play the Gypsies in a cigarette factory look poignantly real when they first appear (from an underground work area), wearing beige dresses and dusty factory aprons.
“As a film distributor, we have no experience,” said Chris Swanson, who helps run the label.
Mr. Genoways had become alienated from his small staff, some of whose members repeatedly complained to the university president’s office about his absences and his attitude.
Shares in Bank of America, for example, were off by 9.1 percent last week.
His lawyer said he suffered from mental illness, and prosecutors — as well as the judge — said some of his behavior was faked.
LOW; Pick up some local ash-aged goat cheese and Fr?ani Toscano Salami at Sunshine Foods, and have a picnic by the boccie courts at Crane Park.
Now, a new study , which will appear in the American Naturalist, offers a partial solution.
“Ars Nova” refers to the stylistic movement embodied by Machaut that brought greater expressivity and daring into medieval music.
In his first year as the Mets’ minor league coordinator, Collins impressed the organization, and with DePodesta on board, his candidacy for the Mets’ managerial vacancy will have strong support in the front office.
The down-to-the-wire tally capped a drawn-out campaign in which no one candidate ever dominated the field or clearly broke away from the pack.
because the power of having your movie seen so widely on it is extraordinary.” Nobody is arguing for such extreme experiments when it comes to wide-release commercial films.
First kicks open the door, and possibilities follow.
Many, like the one proposed for the armory, have emphasized wage minimums and local hiring.
''Swinging From My Heels'' is a poignant, comical and revealing look at the L.P.G.A., where there is an authentic love-of-the-game spirit.
In the meantime, he has acted like a candidate, embarking on a statewide tour that has led Ms. Gillibrand’s advisers to conclude that he is more likely than not to enter the race.
The commission had sued the Cohmad and its top executives in June, accusing them of “knowingly or recklessly participating” in the Madoff fraud scheme “by raising billions of dollars from hundreds of investors under a shroud of secrecy.” The lawsuit was filed against Cohmad, which was co-founded by Mr. Madoff and housed in his firm’s offices; Maurice J. Cohn, Cohmad’s co-founder and chairman; Marcia B. Cohn, its president and Mr. Cohn’s daughter; and Robert M. Jaffe, its vice president and the son-in-law of one of Mr. Madoff’s earliest and largest individual investors, philanthropist Carl Shapiro of Palm Beach, Fla.
Jannik Hansen and Alex Burrows scored, and Roberto Luongo made 30 saves for the Canucks, who will try to even the series when they host Game 4 on Friday night.
(Another lodging option just beyond town is the Toll House Inn on Bell Valley Farm, off Highway 128.)
It’s too bad that Vice President Joseph R. Biden Jr.; Representative John A. Boehner, the United States House minority leader; and other big-time politicians couldn’t find time on Monday to show up at the Dirksen Federal Building while they were in Chicago.
To understand why these relatively modest proposals are so contentious, you have to put aside for a moment the argument over Keynesian theory and look, instead, at the underlying breach in the party, which concerns the fate of American liberalism itself.
7 p.m. 8) SALUMI E VINO Wine bars are not difficult to stumble across in Genoa.
Only one man and one woman survived the collapse of the Haitian soccer federation building on Avenue Christophe in Port-au-Prince on Jan. 12.
In a related announcement, Nokia said it would use a new software application development tool called Qt to speed the creation of applications for its Symbian and MeeGo handsets.
It takes inspiration from an aborted 2006 plan by the New Orleans mayor to commemorate the first anniversary of Katrina with a comedy hour.
Some analysts said the Pentagon would eventually come under pressure to reduce the size of the armed forces.
Chatting with fellow students, Mr. Bowers lamented that the Vatican was made up of “very, very old men who can’t grasp what’s happening.” Nonetheless, he said, he does not necessarily want Pope Benedict XVI, who is facing accusations that he helped protect an abusive priest when he was archbishop of Munich, to resign, unless, of course, he is guilty.
At True Value Hardware, the latecomers were fans and portable chairs.
The next thing we knew, within two or three months, all 20 or so conference rooms were all decorated by different teams.
The changes were disturbing to some.
A lot of those same people still come back year after year.” RENTAL INFO May through October: $1,000 to $2,000 a week.
Richard Keresey, head of Sotheby’s antiquities department worldwide, described the lioness as “one of the first great sculptures of civilization.” Mr. Martin was chairman of the Brooklyn Museum from 1984 to 1989, a member of the acquisition committee of the Metropolitan Museum of Art and president of the American Society for the Prevention of Cruelty to Animals from 1973 to 1975.
CUSTOMIZE YOUR PRODUCTS Not every product has a market outside the United States.
HOURS Lunch, Sunday to Friday, noon to 2:30 p.m.; Saturday, bistro only, noon to 2:30 p.m.. Dinner, daily, 5:30 to 10:30 p.m. RESERVATIONS Recommended, at least a week ahead.
With remarkable suddenness Dr. Bishop has disrupted the pattern.
It was, in essence, shovel-ready — being light and powdery, it was easy to lift, though shovelers might have been O.K.
“Someone has to start the process.
A lonely romantic, Jack is instantly enchanted.
Other homes are visible from this one, although they are not close together.
It happens.” Without its leader and one of the nation’s best passers, Texas went from being the surging team with an undefeated strut to one that had lost its equilibrium.
That is not the end of the discussion, but a very difficult beginning.
At her death she was at work on a solo show, her fourth play to draw on her family history.
The outcome of this spring’s general elections, in which the Conservative Party appears likely to remove Prime Minister Gordon Brown from power, is unlikely to make much difference to regulatory overhaul, the analysts said.
But the Germany of Özil and Aogo is such a victory over the Big Man who destroyed Europe .
In the book “No God but God: Egypt and the Triumph of Islam,” a study of life and governance in Egypt by the writer Geneive Abdo, Mr. Tantawi was described as someone “who rarely deviated from government edicts” and who, unlike his predecessor, “believed Azhar had a duty to support state policies.” To the West, he often appeared a moderate.
The bill, approved in an 87-to-24 vote, limits the sulfur content of No.
This, according to some, is the result of global warming.
Outside the Kyrgyz capital, several victims of the violence received a hero’s burial at a cemetery in the foothills of the Tian-Shan Mountains reserved for significant national figures, including those killed in Stalin’s purges in the 1930s.
Rodger Schlickeisen President and Chief Executive Defenders of Wildlife Washington, Oct. 28, 2010
For example, the energy company Baard has been planning a coal-to-liquids plant in Ohio but has not been able to pull the pieces together, and Peabody Coal has discussed a similar plant.
“Where ‘Land’ had a very beautiful landscape,” Eiko said, “this one is very much like a postwar Japan.” A mere glance at their living room provided ample evidence of their set: there were bundles of greenish-black feathers, straw and large pieces of hand-burned canvas.
HARRISON Harrison Public Library ''Favorite Things,'' acrylic paintings by Robert Cotnoir.
8) as losers in the first two rounds.
Like face blindness, the eventual divorce isn’t treated as another notch in Sellers’s tear duct.
Some rushed the front door.
Asked if Mr. Cuomo should engage Mr. Paladino more directly to blunt any momentum gained since the primary last week, he said Mr. Cuomo should more explicitly tell voters how he would govern.
But I don’t know, you know.
Outside the courtroom, Mr. Aidala said that raising the crane was a tricky procedure and that Mr. Bleidner’s inexperience might have contributed to the crane’s toppling over.
No similar agreement exists for Flemings living in French-speaking areas.
His father attended seminary before marrying and later sent his 10 children to Catholic school until tuition money ran out.
Mr. Douthat’s vision of two Americas seems to grant special designation of “Americanness” to the predominately white, Christian Americans who are only one part of our country.
It would be hard for the book not to be beautiful, given how the exotic and fantastical antique maps reveal their makers “daydreaming about the world” (as one chapter is subtitled).
But the recent cases also suggest that even after 20 of the country’s biggest dairy producers were blamed for allowing melamine to taint their products in 2008, and even after several people were jailed and executed for their role in the scandal, the chemical continues to seep into the nation’s dairy goods.
The narrator winds up not disobeying federal laws so much as failing to see why they outweigh his own ideas of respect and rectitude.
Under current forest protection laws, felling is allowed only by licensed companies, which are restricted to cutting approved blocks of a minimum of one hectare, or 2.5 acres, at a time, irrespective of the quality of the trees, Mr. Engel said.
As the Republican primary for the governor’s race approaches, Mr. Lazio is making his vigorous opposition to the project a centerpiece of his candidacy, assailing it on the campaign trail, testifying against it at public hearings, denouncing it in television commercials and even creating an online petition demanding an investigation into the center and its organizers.
For Mr. Crouch’s play, the actors sit among audience members and tell a disturbing story; some attendees have left during performances.
“Going to South Dakota in two weeks,” Mr. Zabala replied, referring to a tour by the Model T Club International.
(AP) AVOIDING LOCKER ROOMS Ines Sainz, a reporter for Mexico’s TV Azteca who said the Jets made her feel uncomfortable in their locker room, is returning to work next week and said she suggested to the N.F.L.
It’s been much more perplexing to me than where the lamestream media has wanted to go about my personal life.
The company's Web site says eight stores are open -- the two in Manhattan and two each in New Jersey, Florida and California.
No, mine is a child-free space.
It turns out there’s a major gender gap.
“It has crept into the play through osmosis.
At the Winter X Games Europe last week in Tignes, France, Iouri Podladtchikov of Switzerland won a gold medal with a run that included a double McTwist 1260, an inverted aerial while spinning three and a half rotations.
The weight savings are greater than the numbers might suggest because the brake rotor, attached near the extreme end of the suspension, is what engineers call unsprung weight.
Concluding the popular series may be bittersweet, but the two men are going out on their own terms, having persuaded ABC three years ago to grant them this creative closure even if the show were still riding high in the ratings.
Since 1999, Chinese workers have enjoyed “golden weeks,” a set of mandatory national holidays.
This is a big, multifaceted work, with scores of graphs, as well as narrative ­vignettes that put flesh on the book’s analytical skeleton.
He added that Mr. Aubin will be back with the show next week.
Read Alex Crevar's ''36 Hours in Zagreb'' (Sept. 6, 2009), for sightseeing, dining and lodging suggestions.
He says his back pain is gone, too.
On the minus side, there are the tourist buses inching through the neighborhood each day, the near-farcical property prices, the creep of luxury stores up Bleecker Street, the 3 a.m. spillover from bars.
Neighbors say his mother screamed things at him so vicious that they cringed when her words echoed through the giant evergreens that cover much of this island in Puget Sound.
However, as a matter of longstanding canon law, such decisions are made by the local bishop, who is deemed to be generally in the best position to adjudicate the case relating to the priest in question.” He declined to provide any documents on the case.
The most significant may be Mr. Karzai’s appointment of a new chairman of the Independent Electoral Commission, which oversees election logistics.
Steve Yzerman, the Lightning’s new general manager, added a big offensive chip by trading for Gagne, sending defenseman Matt Walker and a fourth-round pick in next year’s draft to Philadelphia.
Different areas have different pickup days, so if you’re in the know, you can carefully calibrate the most efficacious time to swoop in for the fresh meat.
And so there was Prince Rama — the sisters Taraka and Nimai Larson, with Michael Collins — at the Mercury Lounge on Monday night, two out of three members barefoot, raining a formidable sound down in a far more tepid environment than the band deserves.
“We knew last summer he was a quality horse, and the way he did this today was so impressive.” Talamo finds himself with a Kentucky Derby contender less than a year after his Derby day ended in disappointment.
Six-hundred-fifty-two miles separated him from his parents in Morgantown, W.Va., and he visited when he could.
American corporations have been saving more money since the financial collapse of 2008.
In the last two decades, investment professionals have repeatedly proclaimed that Japan’s long bear market might have ended.
“The crowd thought Mirai won, and she didn’t because of something the crowd couldn’t see — a quarter under-rotation on her jumps.
But he is a gifted campaigner, helped by the fact that Massachusetts has weathered the recession relatively well.
Picking crime novels for grown-ups is a breeze.
On Feb. 1, the ayatollah, as if apotheosized, returned home triumphantly from France to joy and subsequent years of then-unimagined absolute power and ruthless change.
Another is Tom Cullen, who worked for Mr. Madigan for 12 years, according to the organization’s Web site.
When you get to a point where you know you can trust yourself not to pull out the carrots to see if they’re growing all the time, that’s when you know you’ve made a change.
It is not too hard to distract a toddler with, say ... a book.” Kathy Hirsh-Pasek, a psychology professor at Temple University who specializes in early language development, sides with the Don’ts.
Or fried-food stands, like one his cousin lost and needs $200 to rebuild.
He is also considering a pending settlement of a class-action lawsuit filed by authors and publishers over Google’s book-scanning project.
Television advertising, however, usually accounts for the bulk of the spending by these groups.
The arts community here is abuzz over the potential dismantling of the site of Theatre Bizarre, an 11-year-old party and macabre neighborhood carnival that is part Ringling Brothers, part “Dawn of the Dead,” and features makeshift rides, punk rock bands, over-the-top costumes, a haunted house, burlesque sideshows and other performances, some of them involving fire.
Here the stillness of the water was interrupted by contrasts that seemed more in keeping with the urban Bronx: an ABC Carpet outlet on the opposite bank, the sound of traffic from a bridge, a recycling plant where totaled cars lay on a barge.
The relaxed, swinging tune that evokes a cocktail singalong has the same bittersweet ache as the lyrics that culminate with a toast: “Here’s to us!
The club has 28 skippers, many of whom need help during regular races.
It’s just, what are your goals and did you meet them?
ADHD is now recognized to be a disorder of self-regulation, impairing one’s capacity to plan and execute goal-directed behavior.
In the 1950s, and even in the ’60s, the contemporary holdings were, as far as I was aware, pretty meager.
The thin orange line of paint traces a winding path though downtown Manhattan neighborhoods like SoHo, Greenwich Village and the Lower East Side.
BERTH Wofford used stifling defense to overcome a long second-half scoring drought and beat Appalachian State, 56-51, in Charlotte, N.C., to win the Southern Conference title and earn its first N.C.A.A.
“There are other elements of national power that can be brought to bear.
(If you’re wondering why I haven’t mentioned newspaper apps yet, that’s because I don’t intend to.
Dixon said he sent a public relations adviser, David Kleck, who had worked for Boggs, to Washington “with a full set of instructions” about what to say to the majority whip.
Some things can’t be solved.
Mahmoud Qutri, a former brigadier general in the police department who has written about the corruption that he witnessed while on the force, said that Egyptian officers also had a “special status” in society.
This winter, she truly never skis alone.
Hamas delivered its 52-page report to the Office of the United Nations High Commissioner for Human Rights in Gaza on Wednesday.
After a suspicious package was reported to be aboard a flight from the United Arab Emirates to New York, Canadian and American fighters were scrambled to accompany it.
The brownstone houses five reconstructed period rooms, a porch with a home gym — a progressive notion in Roosevelt’s time — and artifacts like the future president’s christening outfit, the shirt he was wearing during an assassination attempt, and a shovel and some dirt from the digging of the Panama Canal.
PENGUINS 5, PANTHERS 2 Sidney Crosby matched the second-longest N.H.L.
That was when I began to worry about the future of democracy in Russia.
Shortly after learning of Rohde’s kidnapping, Mulvihill is ushered into a meeting at the Times Building, where she feels as if “I’ve stepped into a New Yorker cartoon but I’m not quite sure of the punch line.” The paper “will honor our family’s wish to keep David’s case out of the press.
None of that is common for metal festivals.
(It takes 80- to 90-percent purity to make a weapon, a relatively small technological leap from 20 percent.)
The highest rate, 34.4 percent, was in Mississippi.
THE relationship between Anne-Marie Hess and Dr. David Rabkin has always been poetry in progress.
Richard Rodgers Theater, 226 West 46th Street , (800) 745-3000, ticketmaster.com.
A I was the chief negotiator and the drafter of the design-build agreement with Skanska .
As I said in the book, I wish we had led the second term with immigration reform.
In a 2001 paper titled “From Chump to Champ,” Dr. Wilson and Michael Ross of the University of Waterloo demonstrated in a series of experiments that young adults described their teenage selves in far more negative terms than they did their current selves, often skewering their past judgment.
Tortorella said that the second-year defenseman Matt Gilroy would make his season debut against Toronto and that Mike Sauer would sit.
Street people try to sell utterly unnecessary things.
The Nocsae meeting was being monitored from afar by people involved in football safety.
“I really doubt they are taunting the Israelis to hit them,” said Kenneth Pollack , a scholar at the Brookings Institution who recently ran a daylong simulation of what would happen after an Israeli attack on Iran’s nuclear facilities.
This is a more complete version of the story than the one that appeared in print PHOTO (PHOTOGRAPH BY ED ALCOCK FOR THE NEW YORK TIMES)
If the talks stop, the building would be likely to increase.
THE composer Peter Lieberson was lucky to have a muse in his wife, the marvelous mezzo-soprano Lorraine Hunt Lieberson.
Ms. Black, a mother of two, has refused interviews since her appointment.
“The banks are full of cash,” he said.
Mr. Allawi appealed to Iraqis tired of the past domination of Iraqi politics by religious parties; others responded to his image as the sort of strongman leader they have lacked since Saddam Hussein was ousted.
So splintered is political support that the construction of a coherent and durable coalition will be an uphill task for the leader of the Liberals, Mark Rutte.
For, as Ecclesiastes has it, “Under the sun the race is not to the swift, nor the battle to the strong, nor bread to the wise, nor riches to the intelligent, nor favor to those with knowledge, but time and chance happen to them all.” Yes, time and chance happen to everyone, like death and the taxes.
“We’re not under the illusion that there will be a massive rewrite of Dodd-Frank,” Edward L. Yingling, president and chief executive of the American Bankers Association, said in an interview.
President Obama has seized on the opportunity to promote his goal of having 20 to 25 percent of America’s electricity produced from renewable sources by 2025.
But more recently, local, national and political events — not the least of which was the election of Barack Obama — have met and married, helping to rejuvenate a night life culture that’s uniquely D.C. “The election kind of hit the gas pedal on a change that was already occurring,” said Eric Hilton, a founder of the popular D.J.
Because just as it worked hard to convince itself and to project in capital letters to the world that the euro zone was coming together economically again, Europe started getting countervailing messages — relegated to agate type so far — that the upswing looks less than it seems.
really gave them this inflated bubble for the entire site.” No other state uses this system, which is beloved by many business leaders here, and the E.P.A.
“The idea that Wall Street came out of this thing just fine, thank you, is just something that just grates on people,” said Senator Edward E. Kaufman Jr., a Democrat from Delaware.
journalists at speedskating?” In a TV interview shown in the Netherlands shortly after the 2006 Games, Davis summed up his ambivalence toward the American sporting public, in general, this way: “People who know you for two minutes and then they forget about you, that’s not for me.” After proclaiming his love for all things Dutch, he added, “Don’t be surprised if you see me living here someday and coaching.” The Vancouver Games could be the bridge that traverses the distance between Davis’s image at home and abroad.
Valmiro Lopez equalized for Málaga in the 81st minute, but Daniel Alves crossed for Messi’s winner in the 84th minute.
Oswalt is pitching at the top of his game with his team in a free fall.
News organizations can also use them — “as the Web site headline changes, so does the digital billboard,” the materials say.
Mr. Hussain will become the special envoy to the Organization of the Islamic Conference, an intergovernmental group with 57 member states that calls itself the collective voice of Muslims.
The company still seems to be working out this issue for itself, said Joshua Benton, director of the Nieman Journalism Lab at Harvard.
Right-thinking public interest groups, like Public Knowledge (“Fighting for your digital rights in Washington”) are fierce, unyielding proponents of net neutrality, viewing its goodness as obvious.
“Inevitably in the Congress you will see a lot of competition in a delegation all searching for attention, all wanting to be seen or heard,” Mr. Dorgan said.
(John Gregor wrote the score and some of the lyrics.)
Brown’s rotation includes Tyrus Thomas (fell out of favor with the Bulls), Larry Hughes (traded by the woeful Knicks to the hapless Kings and released), D. J. Augustin (many felt the Bobcats should have drafted center Brook Lopez) and Tyson Chandler ( traded by the Hornets twice , once unsuccessfully and once successfully).
The show, running an hour and 40 minutes, in Japanese with English supertitles, receives its American premiere this weekend.
That week ranked among the worst of Jenkins’s life.
The House fight over the package of safety-net spending, tax breaks for businesses and individuals and tax increases on corporations and wealthy investors was illustrative.
I haven't lost a bag yet.
I myself have never understood anything, or anyone, and I have never tried.
Herb Gingold of Kew Gardens, Queens, could not vote when he got to his polling site about 9 a.m. because the machines had yet to arrive.
Once, another dog had flushed a large man who owned the boots out of the bushes, he said.
I disagree completely with the industry analyst Marshal Cohen’s statement that there is just not much supply or variation in plus-size clothes for women to buy.
“People think, ‘Bald, no big deal,’ ” Mr. Kelley said.
“Scientists came up with the atom bomb; it doesn’t mean we should have invented it.” Adidas has christened the World Cup ball Jabulani , which is apparently Zulu for “offends goalkeepers.” Not really.
Still, many are looking forward to a change.
I have a son who is in the military, and he still doesn't call me sir.''
The latest change came three weeks ago, when the health department voted to use letter grades to rate cleanliness in the city’s restaurants and require owners to start posting them in July.
and the Saudi intelligence service in Medina, Saudi Arabia, on June 3, 2009.
If this describes you, paradise awaits you, friend, just south of Houston Street.
He is deeply mourned by his beloved son, Graeme Freeman, and his wife, Nancy, of Honolulu, HI, and daughter, Linda Post, and her husband, Don, of Stowe, VT.
The dollar was mixed against other major currencies.
The driveway was repaved with a coral stone from the Dominican Republic.
They had driven from their black township, Daveyton, about 30 miles away.
It has resolved never to permit a repeat of the withdrawal from Gaza.
They are using two approaches to capitalize on — or at least protect their shareholders from — Europe’s sudden reversal of fortune: avoiding American companies that depend on Europe for much of their sales and buying European companies that do big business abroad, especially in emerging economies with relatively strong currencies.
As Kristi Linauer, a Waco, Tex., interior decorator, put it: “Pets have become family members.
To the Editor: Re “Chilled by Choice” by Penelope Green (Home, Jan. 21): Reading this article, I felt strong emotions emerge as I remembered my $80-a-month “cold water flat” on East Sixth Street between Avenues A and B — my cheap and cheerful garret from the mid-’70s into 1984, when those around us were starting to pay the incredible, unbelievable sums of $500 and $600 a month to live in Alphabet City!
Areva and EDF say the EPR represents a giant leap forward in terms of reactor design, performance and safety.
It is a military alliance that, unique in history, fields forces that can operate together in any environment, an integrated military command structure to control operations anywhere, and core capabilities that few allies could buy by themselves.
FREE SUMMER CONCERTS Tuesdays in August at 7 p.m.; Highbridge Park, West 155th Street, at Dyckman Street, Washington Heights; (212) 360-2777, nycgovparks.org; search “Highbridge Park.” FREE NATURAL HISTORY WALK Led by the Urban Park Rangers; Aug. 8 at 1 p.m. Meet at 174th Street and Amsterdam Avenue, Washington Heights.
''Great jackets, trousers, A-line skirts -- I want to dress like a woman, not in costume.''
“People always write about California and New York, but I don’t think any state is in worse shape than Nevada,” said the Las Vegas Sun columnist Jon Ralston.
Inside his chest, his pacemaker was still quietly pulsing.
Zhang Qin, their daughter, is a high school student when the film starts, and her younger brother is in middle school.
“We were the ideal parents because that’s the way he saw it,” she said, describing the show as the world seen through the eyes of a child.
As expected, the climb was a grind.
“The risk that dominant providers and dominant insurers may exercise their market power, individually or jointly, has never been greater.” Lobbyists and industry groups are bearing down on the Federal Trade Commission and the Justice Department, which enforce the antitrust laws, and the inspector general’s office at the Department of Health and Human Services , which ferrets out Medicare fraud.
Now they do it with computers, but such will never achieve the art of the drawings of Hugh Ferriss.
The Senate on Tuesday also adopted an amendment sponsored by Senator Michael Bennet, Democrat of Colorado, requiring that more than $180 billion in bailout money repaid to the Treasury under the Troubled Asset Relief Program be used to reduce the federal deficit rather than toward more bailouts or new spending.
We were staying at the resort’s Hard Rock Hotel .
Does that seem like a fruitful way for an adult to spend their time?
And during the isolationist period between the two world wars, when at its peak America was responsible for nearly 40 percent of the world’s manufacturing output, the United States Army was around the 17th-largest on the planet.
It succinctly details the respective ethnic hatreds via comments from three Chicago immigrants: Serbian Nikola Dokic, Croatian Robert Palos and Bosnian Adis Sirbubalo.
Given the chaos at last year’s global warming meeting in Copenhagen, delegates to this year’s sequel in Cancún, Mexico, hoped mainly to stop the bleeding.
“I don’t really remember,” she said, when asked about her audition for her first film role, at the age of 5, for the alien thriller “Signs.” And she laughed at the suggestion that she might have mapped out a post-nomination career strategy to do films as varied as the kid flick “Kit Kittredge: An American Girl” and “Zombieland,” in which she played a budding con artist named Little Rock.
He reminded the leaders that he has proposed several ways to reduce future spending, including a three-year domestic spending freeze starting in the coming fiscal year.
finals between the Storm and the Dream begin Sunday, and three players potentially on the national team are in them.
Mr. Rosado, known around the jailhouse as “professor,” has a wife, three sons and 52 books waiting for him in a public-housing project in East New York, Brooklyn.
I found my spot on his chest below his shoulder, pushed the needle through until it touched the collarbone, “walked” the needle down the bone, then slid it slowly underneath while drawing back on the attached syringe, waiting for the dark red blood to rush back indicating that I had hit my target.
“Spain’s living standards are reliant on not just the roll of old debt, but also on significant further external lending.
A spokesman for Sotheby’s told The Independent that the mask and other items had been withdrawn at the request of the sellers.
So I expected to love reading ''Think Like a Caddie, Play Like a Pro'' (Sellers Publishing), and I was not disappointed.
The day after the game, the first glove was apparently recovered when an employee of the Canada Hockey Palace reported that he found it in the netting over the boards behind the goal, where Crosby had thrown it in exultation.
“I don’t think we played outstandingly well, but we played with a lot of intensity.” Johnson, the England coach, punctuated his news conference with remarks about “little things,” “small margins” and “silly penalties.” He said he was devastated to lose but insisted he was happy with his team.
Mr. Newman's dedication to hard work, fair dealings and equal justice has been honored with various awards, including: the AJC's 2009 Herbert H. Lehman Human Relations Award, the 2007 Justice inMotion Award, and the 1990 award by the Bankruptcy & Reorganization Group of the Lawyers Division of UJA-Federation.
The overwhelming response prompted G.M.
In allowing the case to go forward, the court rightly rejected the state’s argument that consideration of the adequacy of legal representation should be confined to individual, postconviction appeals.
Now, as then, a notable difference between them is that only he is a judge, a notion Ms. Kagan gnawed at throughout her lighthearted remarks.
Tenants value their doormen, I believe, because they provide an extra layer of face-to-face social connection that is not strictly “necessary,” but is tremendously gratifying nonetheless.
It’s a valid point, but an insufficient excuse for holding off on addressing the long-term structural deficit.
She was preceded in death by her son, Alan H. Rudman.
“Such antinatalist choices reflect a lack of understanding that depopulation and aging may be an even greater threat to the advanced countries,” he writes.
He also said, “Maybe I just got to learn to keep my mouth shut.” The loss was the eighth in 10 games for the Rangers (26-27-7) , who played without the injured right wing Marian Gaborik.
But only in recent years have studies borne this out.
And if they’re forced to go to 18 games, it should be mandatory to have two bye weeks.
Instead of yoking the novel’s disparate sections with effectively depicted personalities or story lines, Kavenna relies on thematic and symbolic connections.
Her mother reportedly carried five birth certificates for her younger daughter, to satisfy the child labor laws of every state, so June wasn’t sure exactly how old she was.
But on the last leg of the journey, after the two seem to have become close, Lipsky ventures that there’s something false in Wallace’s persona.
In May, the International Monetary Fund and the European Union thought they had solved Europe’s financial troubles.
Susan Philipsz, who was awarded the 2010 prize earlier this week, is the first winner whose works consist entirely of sounds.
The tech sector yield, weighted by market capitalization, is just over 1 percent.
Harvard authorities have made available information suggesting that Marc Hauser, a star researcher who was put on leave this month, may have fabricated data in a 2002 paper.
Taylor Reunion Association, C/O Otto Zipf, 11020 Winding Brook Court, Manassas, VA 20111.
In July, the charity was fined $500 by the city for lacking the required fencing at its property at 2270 North Clybourn Avenue, which includes a thrift store and rehabilitation facility.
Economists were divided then about whether this spending was worth it, and they are just as divided now.
Richardson, now the coach of the Lawton-Fort Sill Calvary in the Premier Basketball League, recalled telling Moon: “The N.B.A.
Mr. Christie said in a statement on Thursday, “While I am heartened and supportive of the broad outline that is leading to the conclusion of negotiations between the parties, I remain steadfast that any final agreement protect the taxpayers, commuters and toll payers of New Jersey and New York.” Mr. Bloomberg, asked about the public investment during a news conference to announce the deal, said: “The only way we’re going to have tax revenues to pay our police officers, to pay our firefighters, is to have economic development.
In the process, the Knicks helped Lee become a hot commodity, and perhaps too expensive to keep.
Even public safety has not been immune to the budget ax.
Police officers at times raised their nightsticks menacingly but were largely ignored by the crowd, who had come to see a bill of popular artists playing music that ranged from heavy metal to pop.
When his sled broke down, he repaired it.
Cumberland County actually saw its median sales price rise during the market slump years, but Mr. Otteau called that an anomaly, “based on its comparatively small population and the county being comparatively un-built-up, so any development at all that occurred skewed the figures.” Cumberland, at the southern end of New Jersey just above the Delaware Bay, has the lowest median sales price of any county; it rose to $172,000 by the end of 2009, from $165,000.
At the moment, when Beijing hurls insults at Washington almost daily, it is decidedly depression.
These cultural narratives complicate our relationship to pain, Thernstrom argues, pervading even our visits to the doctor.
“I don’t entertain those issues at all.”
United States Senator Barbara Boxer, a Democrat, retained her seat.
Mrs. Kirchner said that while in Congress, Ms. Marcó del Pont had proposed a bill that sought to redefine the role of the central bank so that it would work more closely with the government on enacting economic policy.
In her helpful book, “The Not So Patient Advocate” (Bardolf & Company, 2009), Ellen Menard, a registered nurse and hospital administrator, suggests visiting one or more nearby emergency rooms well before care is needed.
There are currently about 50 rating agencies operating in the 27-country European Union, but about half of those are operated by the Big Three.
Once the structures are agreed on by all, they could be “mobilized in a few hours,” Ms. Lagarde said.
Newman implied that it was for comments he made after he crashed at Talladega Superspeedway.
Once you get a full-time job playing in an orchestra, that’s basically your job.
“There are no operators in this country that I am not absolutely comfortable do exactly what I want them to do,” he said.
Under the tree are big shovels like the kind used for snow, wrong for the season: July 23, 2007, when two intruders clubbed the father, Dr. William A. Petit Jr. , wreaked havoc and set the fire.
“Dave can win this race,” he said.
Coughlin introduced Feagles at the news conference, striking a theme of professionalism and consistency.
Staubo officially joined the fan club of millions who watch professional football in front of a television.
And I will do my best to consider every case impartially, modestly, with commitment to principle and in accordance with law.” Republicans, though, seemed to suggest they did not believe her.
Here, inside the humdrum offices of a tiny trading firm called Tradeworx, workers in their 20s and 30s in jeans and T-shirts quietly tend high-speed computers that typically buy and sell 80 million shares a day.
“Everybody becomes a party planner when they’re throwing money around,” she said.
They were granted anonymity because they were not authorized to speak publicly about the talks.
Since the paper was bought out by Rupert Murdoch’s News Corporation, it has added a section dedicated to the New York metropolitan area and turned most of its A section, including the prized real estate on its front page, over to national, international and political news.
“They put us in third class,” says Juma Said Ali, Deputy Chairman of Southern Sudan’s Religious Leaders, an organization in Juba.
But they have made clear that once someone voices an intent to commit a violent act, undercover agents and informers are allowed to respond by offering to help the subject of the investigation obtain weapons.
The proposal also lays bare the fallacy on the left that any lowering of marginal tax rates is necessarily “tax cuts for the rich.” The plan’s limits on tax deductions and cutbacks in the generosity of entitlement benefits for upper-income households render the plan a progressive reform.
“I actually prefer playing a real character, someone who exists, because — and it sounds odd to say it — it gives a kind of credibility to what you are doing,” Mr. Pacino said.
Working for the fledgling C.I.A., he had been keeping tabs on the border between China and Kazakhstan, in the Soviet Union, not far from where the Soviets had tested an atomic bomb in August 1949.
“The analysis finds very little basis for the frequently voiced concern that immigrants may be displacing U.S.-born workers, the report, which was based on census data and conducted by the Fiscal Policy Institute, an independent research organization in New York, said.
They are also expected to press for a fund to begin paying out claims to state and local governments and to residents.
Though Mr. Madadi has diplomatic immunity and therefore cannot be prosecuted for violating the smoking ban aboard aircraft, he could be expelled from the United States.
As a result, the graphic novel is written as much for Ms. Evanovich’s core readers as it is for comic-book fans.
In the end, “Decoded” leaves the reader with a keen appreciation of how rap artists have worked myriad variations on a series of familiar themes (hustling, partying and “the most familiar subject in the history of rap — why I’m dope”) by putting a street twist on an arsenal of traditional literary devices (hyperbole, double entendres, puns, alliteration and allusions), and how the author himself magically stacks rhymes upon rhymes, mixing and matching metaphors even as he makes unexpected stream-of-consciousness leaps that rework old clichés and play clever aural jokes on the listener (“ruthless” and “roofless,” “tears” and “tiers,” “sense” and “since”).
121, creating a single development with more than five units, documents on file with the city show.
But this would not be a market suited to Shell and other slow-moving oil companies.
Mrs. Clinton’s comments came on the first day of a five-day tour of Latin America.
Locations and registration: handsonnewyorkday.org .
“To me, it looked like maybe that might have gotten some of the sand kicked out of from all the walking.
Without a proactive agenda, each crossing becomes a gamble against time.
She has learned how to move.
Who is going to take the W.T.A.
He ran as a Democrat and lost to the Republican, Hiram L. Fong.
Presti accepted on the spot, and Buford told him to call in the early fall.
“And if the season were to end right now, he’d get my No.
NEW BRITAIN New Britain Museum of American Art “Jon Rappleye: After Eden,” drawings and sculptures.
The program reflects a trend in Texas and nationally as school districts seek cost-effective ways to bolster graduation rates.
The remainder of you need to wait your turn like the rest of us.
Diplomatic ties with the free world were severed, and Barbon was stranded in Japan.
At dinner, appetizers offer the best eating.
But General Gration rejected the suggestion that the United States “owns” the Sudan problem.
We know how lucky we are to have a good health insurance plan.
Minority schools tend to be larger, have higher student-teacher ratios and have higher poverty rates, Mr. Fry said.
The dead included at least 56 students and 5 teachers who were crushed in the rubble of collapsing schools or dormitories, the English-language government newspaper China Daily reported.
I think he’s the most dangerous rider for me.”
The Forced Migration Studies Program at the University of the Witwatersrand in Johannesburg, which has examined the nation’s continuing xenophobic impulses, concludes that local political leaders often instigate the violence as a means to advance personal agendas.
A broad range of security experts agree that nuclear terrorism may well be the most serious danger the United States faces today.
Most people pay close attention to their appearance and cleanliness, even as public roads are usually potholed and public buildings are often not well maintained.
But McGwire’s connection to steroids and his refusal to candidly address the topic have all but destroyed his candidacy.
It was said that he enjoyed, at one part or another in his life, Wagner, Quaaludes, cats, dogs, historic houses, Tiffany windows, the American transcendentalists, dancers, juiced fruit, old cars and redheads.
“Were all the alternatives considered to help turn this school around?” Mr. Wells asked.
It finally opens on Friday (a joint release of Roadside Attractions and Liddell Entertainment), nearly two years after its Sundance premiere.
“I have been honored to be able to present them, to express to people the respect, to give credit where it is due — ‘koved,’ as we say in Yiddish — to the individuals and organizations that make Brooklyn one of the most vibrant, wonderful places on earth to live.” One of those people is Officer Joseph Cracolici, who, at age 78, may be the oldest working law enforcement officer in New York, if not the country.
But Mr. Danziger was lucky that “in all this excitement,” to borrow a phrase from “Dirty Harry,” Mr. Blair and his team seemed almost to have forgotten that the photographer was there.
The calls go to the Brooklyn shomrim communications center — a phone in a truck tire repair shop owned by Sam and Mendy Rosenberg.
But something had happened to me.
Do they really believe, after all this time, that gestures of appeasement to the G.O.P.
The cost of repairing the damage varied from a low of $850 to a high of $6,015.
ITALIAN HOME Giambattista Valli has opened his first store in the Galerie de la Madeleine, Paris, where he is showcasing his unique French/Italian spirit.
Visits to British Museum-related pages make up a small portion of those views: 586,919 visits in May, according to a tally made by Mr. Wyatt.
denies that Mr. Headley ever worked for the organization.
He recalled one particularly arduous Christmas he orchestrated in the Hamptons: the long drive out in a painter’s van on Dec. 24, when he crouched in the back with a hair dryer aimed at the still-wet faux-marble top of a wall console a carpenter was waiting to install.
He declared that he can’t be bothered by the complaints, some of which arise from his habit of dropping into conflict zones with actors like George Clooney and Angelina Jolie.
Mr. McCarthy said defendants facing life sentences might be happy to take a deal at first, but after years of being asked for additional information and testimony might ask, “When does this ever end?” But, Mr. McCarthy said, “The fact is, it never ends — because it’s very valuable to get out from under a life sentence.”
While Obama’s health care victory prevented a power outage for him, it does not guarantee a power surge.
But as they were repeated — with long silences or delicate, pianissimo sounds (bells, a lightly bowed cello) between them, at first, then with more vigorous instrumental flourishes joining the sequence — the piece took on a more complex structure.
It is the most visually alluring Civilization yet.
Twice Mr. Brooks has missed.
At 16, John asked for permission to attend a wilderness camp.
His kind heart and gentle spirit will be greatly missed.
I may not agree with every one of his policies, but I approve of the direction he is heading in and was struck by how intelligent and remarkably sane he seems, especially given the unreasonableness that characterizes Washington these days.
“There should be a reason for a law, not just hatred and emotions.
And between us, none of the best wedding pics include the parents of the groom, right?
But other soaps have not been so lucky lately: last year CBS canceled the soap opera “Guiding Light,” and this year it canceled “As The World Turns.” The former was effectively replaced by the game show “Let’s Make a Deal,” and the latter by “The Talk.” The renewal was the second bit of good news for soap opera fans this month, coming on the heels of a two-year renewal for NBC’s “Days of our Lives.” Along with “The Young and the Restless,” CBS also continues to broadcast a half-hour soap opera, “The Bold and the Beautiful.” CBS is said to be close to an agreement on a renewal for that program.
Still, Haiti’s leaders have been very slow to make crucial decisions to get recovery on track.
After Mr. Kirk’s fumbling over his own military record, I mused about the possibility that he had swapped identities with a buddy during Operation Desert Storm, the first Persian Gulf war.
Many family members of hospital patients whose homes lie outside Srinagar are having trouble getting food, and are being helped by local people who have donated and organized meals for the month of Ramadan.
He walked two and struck out seven, bringing his strikeout total to 48, two short of Herb Score’s record for strikeouts in a pitcher’s first five games.
(Her son, from a previous relationship, is a dancer with the Ballet Theater of Maryland.)
SMOOTH START A few years ago, I was in therapy and my therapist kept asking me to name some things I did well.
I also won’t travel with snakes.
The replacements for the female Marines arrived this past week in Helmand, 45 young women, again out of Camp Pendleton.
As the barrage of advertising should make quite clear, the new Sony Dash is here.
What’s more, the best wines were full of the slatelike mineral aromas and flavors that are so characteristic of Mosel rieslings.
(Don’t try to get rid of those labels by shredding; one sheet will jam the shredder.)
tournament from 65 teams to 96 teams as soon as next year, the 32-team N.I.T.
Chicken Palermo, at $15, is another good deal, especially when you consider that it is served with sautéed spinach and a choice of soup or salad .
“It was scary at first, then it was funny,” Jeter said.
“The Sea Around Us,” an exhibition that examines the romantic fascination some artists have for water.
From a cattle ranch in the country’s northeast to a gym in Beijing, Jade Gray has been involved in his share of start-ups since arriving in China from New Zealand in 1996.
While not a big public offering, it is rare — no other bank has done so since 2007 — and shows that distress in the sector may be creating opportunities for the healthy.
While Manhattan below 96th Street usually has a better-than-average response rate, it is among the more challenging places to recruit census takers, or enumerators, as the Census Bureau refers to them.
The standoff with Cashman was different, because Cashman was no longer Torre’s boss.
The comic, like a good game, is partly about storytelling, but it’s also about the small pleasures of game-play, those constituent units of hedonic currency that any gamer viscerally understands, like the feel and timing of pulling off the Shoryuken move in Street Fighter, or the sound of Mario’s fist exploding a brick in the Nintendo classic Super Mario Bros.
PORTRAIT of me, 2005: New Yorker, writer, age 31.
“Todd says: ‘I guarantee if anyone spots you in tennis shoes, the headline is going to be in Vanity Fair.
The Maserati has a proper accelerator pedal, situated on the right.
But they all said they were sorry.
Regarding Nicholas Kristof’s “Waiting for Gandhi” (Views, July 12): One wonders what would have happened if in 1967, after Israel’s victory in the war, Palestinian leaders had launched a nonviolent mass-movement for citizenship, equality and civil rights throughout the state of Israel.
Authorities said they wanted companies to use stimulus money to improve technology and were trying to force older facilities to close, often precipitating resistance by local leaders who object to job losses.
Joe Basile In the morning, on her way to the Met, tell her to stop by Le Pain Quotidien on Madison between 84th and 85th.
The Astros’ Nelson Figueroa allowed two runs and three hits over seven innings.
The lawyer in question, Rodrigo Rosenberg, was shot five times on May 10 while riding his bicycle.
He was followed closely by Duncan and another Canadian, Brady Leman, who will not compete at the Olympics.
The stock rebounded a few weeks later, though.
That means more stimulus spending, not less, much more than the $154 billion jobs bill the House has passed.
“We’re confident that the brand is recovering nicely,” Mr. Carter said.
FiveThirtyEight is devoted to the rational analysis of politics, and sometimes other data-rich subjects.
Instead, he won none, and his Olympics were portrayed as a failure borne of apathy and late-night barhopping.
And he dissented from a 1989 decision that gave First Amendment protection to flag burning.
Had the flight attendants physically prevented you from assisting this passenger, so be it.
Mr. Obama’s first pick for the position also withdrew under fire this year, and the administration has not announced a third choice.
His work has become more overtly lyrical and sensuous, as interested in the movements of bodies (the boxers in “Boxing Gym,” the dancers in “La Danse: The Paris Opera Ballet ”) as in the structures that contain them.
“There is no pressure of getting into the top 10,” Muster said.
''Kids are talking and texting that the school will be closed.
When his cellphone headset tested positive for nickel, he switched to a nickel-free phone, and the eruption cleared up.
''No matter how much I try to be really objective, the financial community has not covered itself with glory in these last 50 years,'' he said.
Ms. North, her arms framing her face, looked a little like Juliet bathing in moonlight.
Besides “Limite,” the festival will feature films from Egypt, Turkey, India, Senegal, South Korea, Hungary, Morocco, Taiwan, Mexico and Kazakhstan, some in color, others in black and white.
He cut costs at the company and significantly improved its profitability.
The iPhone 4’s antenna is built into a steel bracket that surrounds the device.
Urbanization, along with growth in the labor force, advances in education, an increase in the number of women in the work force and a favorable age structure may generate at least four percentage points of G.D.P.
There were few signs of the financial distress that prompted the owners to put their four-bedroom colonial on the market for less than they paid five years ago.
74-06 37th Road (74th-75th Streets), Jackson Heights, Queens, (718) 565-5155.
Some predraft workouts concluded with the player asking Presti where he would be playing next season.
His three sons live in the cities, he said, and aren’t interested in working on the farm.
Rex coached at Eastern Kentucky, New Mexico Highlands and Morehead State.
Susan Stewart, an expert on Russia at the German Institute for International and Security Affairs in Berlin, estimates that Ukraine will save up to $40 billion over the next 10 years.
He told Mr. Trichet that the bank needed to be frank about how its role had expanded from guardian of price stability to the last line of defense against a market collapse.
He won the stage Saturday with a powerful attack that left Basso, Evans and Scarponi chasing vainly and cost Porte his pink jersey.
These people cautioned that it was possible that talks could still collapse.
But a diminished fastball can sometimes reduce the effectiveness of off-speed pitches.
In 1995, the state began a 50-year plan to catch up on its legal obligation to make good on pension commitments to state employees.
The company was due to give an update on its findings on Friday, as part of its interim management statement for the July to September quarter.
Dr. Michael Rosenblatt, the chief medical officer at Merck and a former dean of Tufts University School of Medicine, pointed to the real goal: preventing osteoporosis, which carries a high risk of serious fractures, among people with thinning bones and stopping their progression from pre-osteoporosis, also known as osteopenia.
“My breath is taken away by that announcement,” Michael Steele, the chairman of the Republican National Committee , told reporters when informed of Ms. Pelosi’s decision.
“He obviously had a tough season, with everything he’s gone through with the ankle and everything like that,” Savard said.
Although my own grandmother is no longer with us, I still have her Mushroom Puzzle, which is now legitimately missing several pieces.
had no intention of formally censuring countries that did not allow women to participate in the Olympics.
Today, many cost-control methods, such as integrated and electronic medical records, are already common in H.M.O.’s.
When Australia batted for a second time, the players at the bottom of its order — the specialist quick bowlers Ben Hilfenhaus and Doug Bollinger and the debuting wicketkeeper Tim Paine — were allowed to score more than 100 runs in total.
Two years later, Andrews was not playing much and asked for his release.
On one side, there is Derek Jeter, building what will most likely be the area’s largest home — a 30,000 square foot, nine-bathroom behemoth roughly the size of a Best Buy.
Instead the focus is on the whole of Mr. West’s persona and character, which is more fractured, and subject to a far wider range of responses.
No one who knows anything about Maugham’s private life would dispute his homosexuality.
You don't even have to spring for plane fare -- just head to Woodley & Bunny in Brooklyn.
As Alex Tilley powers his 15-foot skiff over the turquoise surface, a dark form slips across the white sand floor below.
It takes time.” Mr. Hawke, who earned praise as the director of the New Group’s “Lie of the Mind” last season, first played the role of Travis’s ne’er-do-well brother, Matt, at a private reading in 2009 that included Philip Seymour Hoffman as Travis and Roseanne Barr as the mother.
JUICE STOP Then I’ll go to Fairway because I love their orange juice.
“I’m sorry, but it’s boring architecture,” said Christopher Leinberger, a visiting fellow at the Metropolitan Policy Program at the Brookings Institution, and a proponent of relaxing the rule.
There are plenty of ways to kiss, this Andy Warhol knew.
In a federal case in Louisiana, David L. McFadden, 62, a former broker for Securities America, a brokerage firm based in Omaha, was sentenced in January to five years in prison.
Modex-Alpha declined to comment on Ms. Zhang’s account, citing her lawsuit against the company.
He must start by overhauling his team of advisers.
He was shifted to left field in the fifth inning after feeling discomfort in his knee and came out of the game in the seventh.
Why should any government have the right to tell people they must prove that their marriage is over for specific reasons the state deems worthy?
conferences to lead his team in points, rebounds (5.5), assists (3.8) and steals (1.14).
In part, the authorities want to know whether HSBC, which shut down its offshore private banking services during the investigation into UBS, illegally advised clients to funnel their money to other banks or take large cash withdrawals and sneak the money into the United States, said one of the people briefed on the investigation.
In recent months, some of Mr. Assange’s closest associates in WikiLeaks abandoned him, calling him autocratic and capricious and accusing him of reneging on WikiLeaks’s original pledge of impartiality to launch a concerted attack on the United States.
“And I think that can’t be right.” But Kathryn S. Wylde, president of the Partnership for New York City, a business group, said Ms. Black’s outsider status, coupled with her communication and marketing prowess, could make her an excellent fit for a job that is very much a hot seat: she will most likely have to battle with the teachers’ union over its expired contract and navigate the minefields of closing the city’s low-performing schools.
Kaka, considered among the world's elite players, continues to look out of sorts for Brazil, and Robinho, who galvanized his team in the second half of the first match, could be entrusted with more offensive responsibility.
And Cashman pointed out that if he said he would give the Boss more, it would mean he had not given enough the last year, and that was not the kind of talk that pleased George M. Steinbrenner III.
But if the PRI candidate were to lose the state next year to a coalition candidate when Mr. Peña Nieto’s term expires, it could destroy his Teflon image.
The Greeks had their day on June 5; the Israelis had theirs the week before.
At a hearing of a house subcommittee, Representative Edward J. Markey, Democrat of Massachusetts, asked BP America’s chairman, Lamar McKay, if the company had a financial interest in maintaining the impression of a smaller leak.
I also read that 500-euro notes are used almost exclusively by the criminal class, but, according to The Wall Street Journal, they account for 35 percent of the euros in circulation, even though most humans never see one.
Can we draw the obvious conclusion?
Also effective were Kirk Dougherty as Don Gomez; Brace Negron as Clarissa’s father, Don Pantaleone; and Jonathan Harris as Gustavo, the innkeeper.
“I understand that advertising supports the Internet, but I am a little spooked out,” Ms. McCaskill said of behavioral targeting.
Ultimately, indifference may prove more effective than any firewall.
nurse, referring to the chiseled abdominal muscles of Dr. Jonathan Rose, a boyish sort who everyone loves to tease.
Even as they focus on the struggle to plug the leaking oil well in the Gulf of Mexico, engineers are longing for the twisted and scorched metal at the bottom of the sea and other evidence that might tell them what went wrong seven weeks ago.
They should leave the world nothing to remember them by.
As violence spiraled out of control in a third day of clashes in southern Kyrgyzstan on Saturday, the Kyrgyz provisional government asked Russia to send in troops.
They are not convinced that anything lasting will come of the trip — personally or scientifically.
The bills would require everyone to buy health insurance (many with government subsidies).
Eligibility Center sent to draftees who chose to attend or return to college.
In 2004, the McCourt Broderick Limited Partnership bought the Dodgers from the News Corporation for 430 million almost totally leveraged dollars.
Before France’s first meaningful match under Blanc on Friday, his hands were tied behind his back.
Some community leaders take a very broad view; brokers tend to slice up the area into a crazy-quilt of named enclaves.
Five hours after it was filed, the nearly 600-page petition was signed by both a judge and, serving an administrative role, the clerk of the court, Gloria D’Amico, the mother of Mr. D’Amico, one of the partners.
I just kept thinking: How many people have to die before we “get it”?
Benson fouled McGhee, but McGhee’s elbow swung around and hit Nelson over the left eyebrow in what appeared to be an accident.
It allows bosses with hyper-egos to push companies anywhere they want, with other board members following along like fearful ducklings.
Devils games are carried on WFAN, another all-sports radio network.
She lobbied to be assigned to Operation Firewall, and in 2003 she was.
The Covered Wagon company was founded by Arthur Sherman, head of a Detroit pharmaceutical company, who was said to have been inspired by a family camping trip to northern Michigan.
“They know they’re in, but they also know these games are meaningful,” Orioles Manager Buck Showalter said.
Mr. Shelby stopped short of criticizing the Democrats on the committee, but said the plan for a consumer protection agency would interfere with sound banking regulation.
The church canceled its regular Sunday service, but Mr. Cowart said he would share a private devotional with the families on Sunday night.
But if that were true, they continued, knowing the political party of the president who appointed a given justice would tell you nothing about how the justice was likely to vote in ideologically charged cases.
But if they bet, the winner receives twice the bet, minus Virgin’s commission.
Congress needs to recognize that “regulatory capture,” in which an agency becomes a pawn of the industry it is supposed to oversee, is real.
It seems obvious to say that higher taxes discourage economic growth and hurt investments, and that lower taxes do the opposite, but it is not as simple as that, as James Grant noted in the current issue of Grant’s Interest Rate Observer.
He is in constant, intense conversation with the management and artistic staff concerning all aspects of the company’s productions and fund-raising, which are his areas of concern.
“Raavan” has Bollywood glamour aplenty, with the lovely if occasionally dramatically challenged Aishwarya Rai Bachchan, Mr. Bachchan’s wife, playing the Sita stand-in.
The main skill I taught was which is their goal and which is the other side’s goal.
Nowhere is this more clear than on immigration.
Air Products is unlikely to wait until next October to run a second proxy contest.
Then in the 1970s, we fumbled.
“He backed up in his chair, says, ‘I’m a little worried about you, Duke,’ and then signaled to his boys that they were leaving,” Wilson said.
And of the 107 prolific wells already in place, nine are simply left idle.
But the financial and oil crises should make us less confident that companies are up to the task.
“The best thing is that I have no children,” Shahla Atraqji, a 38-year-old doctor, said back in 2003, as she sipped coffee at Baghdad’s Hunting Club to the strains of Lebanese pop.
FRANCE Paris Saint-Germain won the French Cup for the eighth time, with Guillaume Hoarau’s extra-time header producing the only goal in the final against Monaco at the Stade de France, just outside of Paris.
“We have a responsibility, a compact to provide them with the education, the space and the facilities for them to succeed here, and that’s not possible if we have these competing environments.” The decision has left students considering transfers, parents worried about safety and teachers mourning the loss of a special relationship that they say changed hundreds of lives.
They are walking in the bazaar with their rifles, extorting the drivers and traders.” General Rahimi, the police commander, would not discuss the arbekis but made it clear that he was opposed to President Karzai’s proposal for creating a new local police force in a number of troubled districts that would help the police defend their areas.
The chaotic campaign, in which candidates are competing for the support of the 168 members on the committee, could draw even more candidates in the final month.
He will return to London from Barclays Capital’s base in New York, where he moved after the acquisition of the United States operations of Lehman Brothers.
He ran out of time and suffered the consequences: he was condemned to death and forced to take his own life.
“We are seeing a handful coming on the market, but generally, there are more lost to development than gained.
Neither tourist was fatally injured, and the mosque is far from the venues or the athletes’ village, but the attack prompted new fears about Delhi’s ability to keep athletes and visitors safe during the games.
In fact, it was getting so much traffic that Google ranked it first when searching for the words “Pudong airport.” The explanation turned out to be simple: Mr. Wang’s post was almost the only information available online in English about an international airport then serving 11 million travelers a year — now almost 32 million.
Nearly every leading zero-waste or less-waste designer hails from another country, including Mark Liu, Julian Roberts and Zandra Rhodes in England; Susan Dimasi and Chantal Kirby in Australia; Ms. McQuillan in New Zealand; and Yeohlee Teng, who is working in New York but was born in Malaysia.
“In the total darkness of its privation, the ground would be lit with thousands of fluorescent stars, as if the sky had been scattered on the ground.” She then relates how she put her “hand under the mosquito net and picked up the phosphorescent nuggets that were strewn across the ground,” only to find that they were mundane objects and to see that “their supernatural light disappeared.
You do this gently, so as not to crush the rice, but it’s not as painstaking a process as it’s sometimes made out to be.
The American Evan Lysacek , the reigning world champion, was second with 90.30 points.
He dithered for months over Afghanistan.
The Congress government is paring market controls that keep prices of some goods artificially low in India.
The good Mirai Nagasu, the one that oozes talent and effervescence, skated at United States championships on Thursday.
Business, especially foreign investment, is one of them.
Speaking at the European Parliament in early December, Paul McCartney, a former member of the Beatles, said there was an urgent need to do something about meat production, not only because of its effects on the climate but also because of related issues like deforestation and ensuring secure supplies of water.
Today, it is the world’s biggest supplier of the equipment used to make semiconductors, solar panels and flat-panel displays.
Even in a good economy, being a small-business owner can be a tough gig.
21 Georgia Tech (17-6, 5-4) held on in Atlanta.
His father is a professor of criminology and criminal justice at the University of Missouri, St. Louis, and is also the president of the American Society of Criminology, which is in Columbus, Ohio.
“That was me 11 years ago, hoping to go to college and play baseball,” Teixeira, 30, said.
Anne (Elena Shaddow), his betrothed, is the daughter of M. Dindon (Fred Applegate), an ultra-right-wing politician who espouses, above all, traditional family values.
In addition to the pythons, Mr.
Perhaps because the song has long been acknowledged as one of the detonating blasts of the ’50s rock ’n’ roll explosion, Kirby feels compelled to up the stakes.
The threats here crossed the line, and violate the law.''
Human beings and honeybees go way back, probably to some unrecorded, fateful day thousands of years ago when a forager stumbled upon some golden goo in the woods, stuck a finger in to taste, and realized that the bears were on to something good.
While half of the children followed from 2000 through 2006 had a chronic condition at some point during the period, only one-quarter did at the study’s end.
“For those who find and accept the sound’s impossibility though, the island becomes a different place, separate but including its surroundings,” Mr. Neuhaus wrote.
HIP, black-clad hairstylists are no strangers to intimidation, wielding scissors and blow-dryers simultaneously while saying things like, “You need a transformation,” and generally acting as if they understand your hairdo better than you do.
Called the Royal Mecca Clock Tower, it will be one of the tallest buildings in the world, the centerpiece of a complex that is housing a gargantuan shopping mall, an 800-room hotel and a prayer hall for several thousand people.
There’s just one line from Bang about one of Florida’s most notable recent headline-makers: “One of Tiger’s bimbos came after me with a manure rake.” The real Star Island in Biscayne Bay is another lost opportunity.
The system requires European passengers to register before traveling to the United States, which “represents a burden for European citizens,” Michele Cercone, a spokesman for the commission, told a news conference in Brussels.
Statistically speaking, they pigged out.
“A subtlety abounds in communication that only appears as we get older,” he said.
What makes the rebuff particularly stinging is that Europeans know Mr. Obama is right; they know he would welcome and regularly meet a senior European Union official, or even several (provided they don’t rotate every six months), who would actually talk for all of Europe.
Since 2008, Norway has mandated that women hold at least 40 percent of board seats at publicly listed companies, while Spain, the Netherlands and France have passed similar laws.
Sitting in his hotel room here last month, where he’s filming the prequel to “Planet of the Apes,” he’d read my Twitter feed and watched some videos I’ve done about music and movies .
He had a way of — how do you say it?
Much of what they uncover has to do with sleep deprivation, and “A Nightmare on Elm Street” is sufficiently effective to keep you awake for the duration of its running time.
In 1994, Quentin L. Kopp, then a state senator representing San Francisco, sponsored the 30-day impoundment legislation to toughen penalties for a variety of traffic violations.
Both leaders stressed that stability for their countries hinged on mutual cooperation, and Mr. Karzai tried to assuage widespread public unease in Pakistan about the growing influence in Afghanistan of India, Pakistan’s regional rival.
When Jenkins arrived in 2008, he found Mangold “a little bit nervous and jittery,” with a personality Jenkins compared to that of the actor Seth Rogen and the unruly long hair that reminded Jenkins of a Viking.
The waves breaking just south of Santa Barbara carried a heavy load of sand, stirred up by four days of storm swells.
“But I soon came to my senses.
It was the voice thickened by years of drinking.
To protest, both groups boycotted the bathing.
They may have arrived a couple of days late, and carrying a painful legacy from Chile ’s past, but to an emotional Álvaro Ramírez, the presence of some 6,000 troops here on the streets of Chile’s second largest city was a godsend.
Land under lease can be sold and, in Hong Kong, is considered private land.
In lieu of flowers, donations to Akron Community Foundation, 345 W. Cedar Street, Akron, OH 44307 or Old Trail School, P.O.
Until they are able to make an informed decision based on a passenger’s behavior, age or appearance, we won’t be safe.
“It’s a great time to build a building.
on counterterrorism efforts in the Middle East and South Asia.
I was a solitary friend to the deft spiders that sometimes freed me from the torturous buzzings and blood-shedding bites that accompanied my insomnia.
Fitch Ratings and Standard & Poor’s have already stripped Spain of their top ratings.
 To the Editor: Parents of children conceived by sperm or egg donation may, like me, be dismayed by Ross Douthat’s column.
“I am a poor man.” With Britain still struggling to climb out of recession, and the new governing coalition embarked on a historic campaign of budget austerity , wealthy young men like Khalefa — who declined to give his full name, or his nationality — encounter a conflicted reception when they flee the conservative social mores and the 130-degree heat of the Middle East in high summer to enjoy the cool breezes of millionaires’ row districts of London like Belgravia, Mayfair and Knightsbridge.
So far, Louisiana’s official biologists have found no evidence that the oil has contaminated any seafood.
Mr. Paulson’s bet against the subprime market, which famously reaped the firm billions in profits, was the subject of a recent book, “The Greatest Trade Ever.” Boy, I’ll say.
Inter striker Samuel Eto’o, a former Barcelona star, will face his former team for the first time.
Harriet Harman, the deputy Labour leader, who is popular among women in the party and with the trade unions, has similarly declined to run.
Even more striking to me is the government’s predictions about what is going to happen to us boomers in the workplace over the next decade as we reach what used to be considered retirement age.
Back to the shipping container.
If exercise mats are not cleaned between classes, he suggested bringing your own.
Mr. Gergiev conducts the score as Mussorgsky orchestrated it.
You can really hear Mr. Guy’s own guitar tone, and it isn’t deep-fried in distortion.
“While I respect Governor Crist, Marco Rubio’s proven record of conservative, principled, and idea-driven leadership is what Florida needs now,” Mr. Romney said in a statement posted on the Web site.
His insistence on representing ugly extremes (incest, rape, murder) can be especially wearisome, coming across as weak bids to shock his audience (épater la bourgeoisie, as the French poets once said), which, already expecting (perhaps eagerly) a Gaspar Noé freakout, is unlikely to have its world genuinely rocked.
“Two trucks actually left — and as soon as they left, that is when the explosion hit.
Richard Serra’s “Corner Prop” is a rectangular steel block buttressed, indeed, by a long cylindrical pole at a slant and, accordingly, can only be displayed in a corner.
Rick Perry of Texas on Sunday showed her palm scrawled in large letters with “Hi Mom.”
Later that year, he tied for first in the Moscow championship.
You actually began your career as a money manager in Boston who first noticed Madoff’s monkey business when your boss told you to try and duplicate his investment returns.
But what’s the most striking fact about Ryan’s budget plan is precisely that it is a budget plan — it’s a document concerned with government finance, not the crisis in the economy.
“We had a rough, rough time during the primary.” My memories of Sept. 11, 2001, are still intense, and they are mainly about the outpouring of concern from the rest of the country.
This is East London, a sprawling area known for its artists, anarchists and immigrants.
Amnesty International is calling on Malaysia to halt the practice of judicial caning, a punishment the rights group says amounts to torture and violates international law.
Terms of the acquisition were not disclosed, but a person briefed on the deal said the price for the company, which raised $60 million in capital, was over $100 million.
Decades ago, Gardner, the best-selling detective novelist, had been a regular out here, and more than once he stepped away from Perry Mason and his other characters to celebrate the region.
Ms. Steir's, from 1 to 4 p.m., is Zen-inspired, beginning with participants walking down a paper-covered hill.
As four assembly plants in China making Honda cars and light trucks have run out of transmissions, they have also had to shut down, much as General Motors assembly plants across North America had to close in the summer of 1998 during a strike at two crucial parts factories in Flint, Mich. Three of the Honda assembly plants supply the Chinese market with a wide range of models, while the fourth makes compact cars for export to Europe.
Starting this week, it replaced most of the content that appeared in its current issue with abridged articles and summaries online.
But it has already whipped up tension and mistrust that had been simmering between local officials on one side and the BP and Coast Guard officials in command of the oil spill response on the other.
''The situation is very unstable.
As the summit meeting showed, Mr. Obama very much wants a health care bill; the Republicans very much don’t.
Video games are more important to them than film, than broadcast television, than journalism.
He said he didn’t want to tell angry opponents how he had injured his eye handing out water to emergency workers on 9/11.
And as the crew members approached, each was handed a cup for a mandatory drug test.
More than 50 immigrants and police officers were wounded, none seriously, and 10 immigrants and locals were arrested before the authorities began sending the immigrants to detention centers elsewhere in southern Italy on Saturday.
In March, Zambia’s president returned from a trip to China with a $1 billion loan in hand.
Mr. Jiang was the top Communist Party official in Shanghai in 1989, and when he was elevated to the national leadership that year, after the turmoil surrounding the Tiananmen Square protests, he took many of his Shanghai associates with him.
There were so many olives that the Russians built a factory with Italian machinery to turn some of the harvest into oil.
Films move her emotionally and aesthetically, Ms. Rowley said, but like many of her confederates on Seventh Avenue, she turns her back on crowd pleasers in favor of movies “whose costumes are part of a self-contained universe, one that looks as if it sprang full-blown from the director’s imagination.” In previous decades the symbiotic relationship between Hollywood and Seventh Avenue was largely the product of strenuous marketing.
Many guests, explaining their decision to attend, said it was a matter of pride: Mr. Rangel’s and those of his constituents.
Indeed, while there is a growing sense that Mr. Berlusconi is on the way out, no one, including veteran political analysts, has any clear sense of who is on the way in, making this the most dynamic and uncertain moment in Italian politics in 20 years.
The city last month announced the first recipients of those incentives: a Foodtown store that burned down last year will be rebuilt and expanded in the Norwood section of the Bronx, and a Western Beef store near the Tremont subway station will be expanded.
It is the first time since the Dutch era of Johan Cruyff, in 1974, that the Netherlands has beaten Brazil.
If he takes his trade demands public, the N.B.A.
“After everything Carles has given to the national team, he deserves a goal like that,” said Spain’s left back, Joan Capdevila.
Its investment values the building at $2 billion, far less than it cost to build, so if it rises in value, Durst gets the upside.
The brain wears the same striped shirt and eyeball-patterned bow tie as the larger figure.
Boeing has been counting heavily on the Dreamliner.
They are sweet and, as in the Bible, they appear as if delivered by providence, without cultivation.
The defensive line meeting room in Miami became his laboratory.
No professional feels completely prepared on her first day of work, but while a new lawyer might work under the tutelage of a seasoned partner, a first-year teacher usually takes charge of her classroom from the very first day.
Four questions for Sari Sloane (right), fashion director, Intermix, intermixonline.com .
The profit on this deal offers new life.
It will be interesting to see what our anatomical and molecular studies tell us.
The veteran journalist, a columnist who writes for The Daily News in New York, chronicles the evolutionary fits and starts of soccer in America, from the grass roots to the fields of South Africa.
“In January and February you have comfortable 25 degrees there,” Beckenbauer said of the 77-degree Fahrenheit average.
But last year the legislature rejected a bill requiring background checks for private sales at gun shows and repealed a law that Mr. Kaine had supported to prohibit anyone from carrying concealed weapons into a club or restaurant where alcohol is served.
David Bartlett, the premier of Tasmania, certainly regards high-speed broadband as an engine of economic development for his Australian state.
So it was with Joyce Beber.
If you were 75, which would you rather have: years of steady if occasionally strained devotion, or something that looks a little bit like the Iraqi city of Fallujah, cratered with spent artillery?
They broke up for several months, a pattern that was repeated three or four times over the next four years.
The Dallas Opera treated Mr. Heggie to a first-rate cast.
A prominent Saudi journalist has resigned as editor of the nation’s leading newspaper, Al-Watan.
International outrage followed and the Israeli authorities acknowledged that their policy of keeping Gaza on economic subsistence was neither ending Hamas’s rule nor helping Israel’s declining international image.
They have heard from student groups at Northeastern, Hofstra, Fairfield and Iona, where varsity football was eliminated in the last decade.
“We need to be careful in predicting how long it will go,” Mr. Suttles said.
“Perfect for a water-borne underwater adhesive,” he said.
Larry demanded and brought out the best in his students.
Hunter College School of Social Work, New York LORRAINE R. TEMPEL, PH.D. Hunter College School of Social Work, New York Wolf shows that the measurement and analysis of the quotidian can improve individual lives.
Mike Foley, 28, who also works as a valet at the Viceroy, grew up in the Denver area.
In Afghanistan, he wrote, he lugged a Rubbermaid trunk containing $8 million in government-issued $100 bills, which he used to buy trucks and warlords’ support.
The United Nations Mission for Tunisia said no spokesperson was available Tuesday, while the Mission for Iran did not respond to requests for comment.
That law, which dates to 1977, prohibits American citizens and companies — and, since 1998, foreign citizens and companies acting in the United States — from bribing foreign government officials to get or keep business.
And he puts Xavier on a small boat with a smart, tough and alluring younger woman, a pale-skinned blonde who also happens to be a prizewinning filmmaker.
Ed Blackburn, executive director of Central City Concern, a nonprofit housing developer and provider of services for the homeless, said policies tied to the 10-year homelessness plan, called Home Again, had played “a major role” in the development of low-income housing projects — in Old Town and elsewhere.
“It wasn’t even on their radar screen,” said Tim Rosales, the “No on 19” campaign manager.
“We believe that by working together we can build abundance to lift up everyone,” said Bob King, president of the United Auto Workers.
I’d been seeing him each week, reading his writing and responding to his — come to think of it — flirtatious e-mail messages.
The credit and debit card system is dominated by two companies, Visa and MasterCard, respectively accounting for 47 percent and 35 percent of the general purpose credit card market in 2008.
Hard to do that when the temperature is freezing.
Crowther says he has focused Prior’s rehabilitation on building small muscle groups around the shoulder in order to give the joint enough support to handle the stress.
Santander said that the deal would make it the second-biggest mortgage lender in Mexico.
Admiral Allen on Thursday approved portions of Louisiana’s $350 million plan to use walls of sand in an effort to protect vulnerable sections of coastline.
With the departure of Simon Cowell — one of the show’s judges but in reality its brains and heart — “Idol” is finally free to reimagine itself.
Even against a dominant guy like Contador, you should never count Lance out.” For the second year in a row, Armstrong and Contador will go head to head, though this time on different teams.
He is good on people, observing one man’s “flowery nose” and “grenadine complexion,” another’s “white parabola” of a mustache, yet another’s “precarious nail-bitten superiority.” Mr. de Bellaigue is a mordant sensualist, noting how a river flows into “curvaceous oxbows” and how boots “sucked and popped” through mud.
Now an Italian version may be in the making.
“Being an actor at heart, he was more disposed to letting the performers take the lead in terms of executing the scene,” Mr. Kernes said.
England has now won 9 matches out of 23 since Johnson was appointed.
“The Student Safety Act is about shining a light on the impact of school safety practices in the schools, on the children, on education,” Ms. Lieberman said.
That’s something new for us.” The show will now use Longwood’s conservatory and indoor music room to tell the full story of perfume, from the cultivation of scented plants to the way that scents are extracted or synthesized, blended and decoratively bottled to create it.
Chris Christie had defamed him and knowingly misstated Mr. Schundler’s role in an episode that cost the state a $400 million federal grant.
Federal, local and state authorities arrested 284 immigrants with criminal records during a three-day enforcement surge across Texas.
For the second year in a row, on the same main court, Soderling removed what for so long had been an immovable object.
Discovery has struggled to develop “flagship” networks that could help generate more lucrative advertising and distribution deals internationally, Mr. Hollinger said.
The slow ice, he said, can prove a great equalizer, allowing stronger, heavier skaters to bull their way to the top of the podium.
With the country’s main airport in Santiago damaged, and the nearly 400 daily flights that normally travel in and out of the capital restricted, Chileans find themselves struggling to find a way back to assess the quake’s devastation and comfort relatives — or, in some cases, find out if they are still alive.
At Friday Prayer and through leaflets, organizers warned followers against casting ballots for secular candidates.
You're home one day and out of the blue an angel swoops in -- already you're intimidated.
“Of course that’s not right — its ancestor is a biological life form,” said Dr. Joyce of Scripps.
A. Toyota is beginning to send letters to consumers who are involved in the recall for sticking gas pedals.
Their wedding pastor dislikes the groom — diagnosing “darty eyes” — as does their bull terrier.
The Americans built a 6-4 advantage after winning the opening fourball session and the expanded foursome session that followed.
And so, surrendering to the inevitable, I tumbled back down the trail to this cafe, which turned out to be a casual annex of a renowned Michelin-starred restaurant called Le Puits du Trésor — more promising still.
''I feel comfortable in here,'' he said.
But it also seems like another in a series of recent sales and offerings of Copley real estate and newspapers, reflections of a major crisis in the newspaper business.
An international conference on the treaty will convene here on Monday.
“In Dagestan, everyone knows there are people who think in a completely different way,” Mr. Kisriev said.
His accomplishments were not limited to his career.
Skip the vodka-like soju for the Edong makgulli ($15.95 for one liter), a milky, slightly effervescent rice wine ladled into cups from a plastic crock that does a pretty good job of looking as if it’s made of stone.
Increasingly the rising-star exploits that inspired “Entourage,” the popular HBO series he produces, also seem to come from a previous life.
Maforvane pointed to the Portugal-North Korea match won by Portugal, 7-0.
Or what sort of person had worn them?
The party he belongs to, led by Mr. Erdogan, is made up of merchants and traders, who are more devoted to their business interests than to advancing Islamic solidarity.
Many of the paper’s long pieces lack an immediate time element but are intended to touch off public debate.
The fences in front of the grandstand are supposed to keep everything out, but you never know.” Asked how many times he went airborne, Petty said: “More times than I wanted to.
The reissues range from a 1966 adaptation directed for British television by Jonathan Miller and starring Peter Sellers, Michael Redgrave and John Gielgud (BBC Warner, $14.98, not rated) to a radically reconstituted miniseries, “Alice,” shown last year on the SyFy channel (Lionsgate, $19.98, not rated) .
The core number is up 0.9 percent in the last 12 months.
And they hurt after about three cuts.” A relatively small bypass pair from ARS was a favorite.
Dr. Gordon said the minister of health, Bassem Naim, was welcoming of his program and seemed unfazed by his being Jewish.
Even though we were here before them.” Mr. Jundiya said that when rainwater runs out, his family must buy tankers of water at a price of $11 per cubic meter.
“Nine times out of 10 you probably won’t make it, but sometimes you’ve got to take a risk.” Dempsey scored nine goals in league and cup competitions for Fulham.
But who’s to say — as I look ahead in the world, I don’t see the world getting to be a safer, easier place to live in, where our troops are necessarily under less stress.” The two appeared to be heading off some of the arguments expected to be advanced in testimony before the panel on Friday by the chiefs of the Army, Air Force and Navy, and the commandant of the Marine Corps.
“Generally people here only think of cars, jobs, a home and having a nice time,” said Verena Pantschitz, an economist who was volunteering to work at a makeshift canteen for the protesters.
Brodeur removed the blocker, shook his arm and rotated his wrist as the trainer attended to him.
Despite the activity, there is no consensus on what would work best and little discussion of how much such measures would cost.
What are you going to do to invest in those?
There’s no way we can kill our way out of Afghanistan , Gen. Stanley A. McChrystal, the American commander, has said.
“It still needs way more car model product than it has.” Mr. Marchionne has said that Chrysler was hurt more by the severe drop in overall auto sales in 2008 and 2009 than other automakers.
Both films won major awards at Sundance.
I’ve been in front of people their entire life.
Reyes, who first strained the muscle June 30 while taking batting practice before a game in San Juan, P.R., was listed as day-to-day and will, for now, avoid the disabled list.
But Munson is a writer with something to say; and if saying it slows the pace, well, given the brash voice of this audacious new writer, I wonder if he’d have it any other way.
There were stints at the “21” Club, Sette Mezzo and Fresco.
I imagined the lives of 311’s “frequent fliers”: Streetlight Mike, who calls to report broken streetlights so often that call-takers recognize his voice; “the Mumbler” and “the Screamer,” whose motivations are unclear because they are either mumbling or screaming.
Media Lab who volunteered to try a prototype of Autom, the diet coach robot , the point was to lose weight.
Are you allowed to walk down the street with no one knowing who you are?
Sales rose 17 percent in the United States and 9 percent abroad, where they suffered as weakened currencies were translated into United States dollars.
This sense of rising above pain through fellowship, and of individual hurt being subsumed in larger cultural and historical turmoil, runs throughout the show.
“The foundation is there, you just have to build on it.” The increasing prominence of the sport in India has in turn brought more young contenders to the country’s boxing academies, particularly in the north Indian state of Haryana.
In an e-mail, Mr. Carranza wrote that Student Support Services programs “are being fully funded.
But, at least publicly, Democrats here dismiss the notion that Ms. Carnahan was trying to steer clear of the president.
The assembled rocket, still horizontal, will be rolled out along the same railroad tracks that used to move the Titan rockets, and swung into a vertical position.
On the other side, the West’s progressively more empirically based beliefs are represented mainly by illustrations in antique books, with astronomical photographs made by high-tech machines like the Hubble Space Telescope representing current scientific knowledge.
MISSOURI 85, VANDERBILT 82 Marcus Denmon made a 3-point play off his steal with 5.8 seconds to go, allowing No.
Until recently, the only chain stores in the heart of Williamsburg arrived years ago — Subway and Tasti D-Lite on Bedford Avenue and an American Apparel clothing store on North Sixth Street.
Last year, HGTV ranked No.
The plan, policy makers said on Friday, would effectively require bank holding companies — which Goldman and Morgan became at the height of the financial crisis — to divest themselves of these lucrative operations.
But in 2001, a right-wing activist named Thomas Strobhar showed up at Berkshire Hathaway’s annual meeting with a shareholder resolution objecting to donations to Planned Parenthood, via a program that allowed shareholders to make gifts through the company to charitable organizations of their choice.
Possibly this is healthy food?
It’s like a photographer buying a lens that costs more than the camera.
At 9 p.m., House of Blues, 801 Boardwalk, Atlantic City, N.J.; (609) 343-4000; houseofblues.com ; $65 general admission, $75 for balcony seats.
The strength in April came from gains in private sector work on communications projects and power generation facilities.
agents tried to flush them out by blasting “Sing Along With Mitch” Christmas carols.
A new study presented Tuesday at the cardiology conference in Stockholm said rivaroxaban worked about as well as standard treatments at preventing recurrent blood clots in the veins for people with deep vein thrombosis.
What has become known as merit selection began with the Missouri Plan in 1940.
Tumors can remain hidden inside bones, and those that dig their way outward can cause the bone to crumble and disappear.
The longer Washington waits to rethink its reliance on a military solution, the worse the realities will become on the ground and the less likely the Taliban will be willing to talk.
The Alabama defense, which has given up some explosive plays this season, is making fewer and fewer mistakes, especially in its secondary, where there are three new starters.
The March deficit was much larger than the consensus estimate of Western economists, who had been anticipating a deficit of less than $1 billion.
“It’s not as bad as they say,” he added, meaning the application process.
In 2008, Mr. Brust made a first shipment of 90,000 liters, or 24,000 gallons, of beer to China.
Elia Kazan best represents this misawarding of the prize.
Jean-Claude Trichet , as president of the E.C.B., will be chairman of the risk board.
He declined to comment, but several people with knowledge of the situation said he was weary of the political wrangling.
We’ve just seen a period during the Bush presidency in which we abandoned nearly seven decades of progressive legislation that contributed to the emergence of a large middle class here at home and the rise of the United States as a world leader economically, politically and socially.
Rivaroxaban, originated by researchers at Bayer, is being developed jointly with Johnson & Johnson, which will market the drug in the United States if it is approved by the F.D.A.
(Petrusich) 20100211 LAURA VEIRS (Monday) Ms. Veirs’s ballads, with electronics twinkling above soft acoustic guitars like stars in a perfect night sky, cast romance as both intimate contact and cosmic event.
ANITA GREENBAUM-BRUSH Jamaica Plain, Mass.
Mr. Miller’s household consumes most of its electricity in the afternoons and evenings, when the family is at home, but solar energy is strongest in the middle of the day.
Dobbie's passion was her animals- specifically horses and dogs.
I feel that my target now is really to save Mother Earth for humanity.
Like almost every other figure in the discussion over head injuries in football, she is appealing to change the sport, not abandon it.
But her oldest brother, William, 48, knows he is unraveling.
He will be greatly missed.
Structural costs are also expected to be about $1 billion higher, reflecting increased production and greater spending on vehicle engineering and development, he said.
This type of system works well in New York and California, which have state-sponsored temporary disability.
Quinn’s surveys now find Graham’s approval rating among Republicans at 64, which is 13 points lower than South Carolina’s far more conservative junior senator, Jim DeMint, but still quite high given Graham’s periodic defections from the conservative movement.
Her remains were found three weeks later.
Into this picture came Burton S. Castles, a real estate investor and art collector.
Gulls like to sit in short grass so they can see everything around them.” LASER The airport bought a hand-held laser device from a French company, Lord Imaging, that shines a thin, green beam.
The day after surgery, with morphine pumping through his body, Washington sat in bed, squeezing his quadriceps, working out.
Florida and Louisiana were considered by many analysts to have strong chances to win.
), who is explored in Duane W. Roller’s biography.
He constantly fought back tears during his news conference, fought back tears while the confetti swirled and an hour later when the few Saints fans that remained chanted, “M.V.P.” Brees detailed how most of the Saints’ core group of free agents all arrived in 2006, how they talked about rebuilding a city and a team together, how they promised to lean on each other.
The deal’s biggest supporters include Robert H. Benmosche, A.I.G.’s chief executive, who pushed for the sale of A.I.A.
Though Mr. Garcia has said that he was not working for The A.P.
She is a daughter of Dorothy Leong and Andrew Leong of Littleton, Colo.
In the Atlantic Theater Company ’s latest production Will Seefried tells young audiences that each numbered storybook propped onstage has an ingredient hidden behind it.
The military’s Behavioral Science Consultation Teams evaluated detainees, consulted their medical records to ascertain vulnerabilities and advised interrogators when to push harder for intelligence information.
“It’s fantastic to see the kids light up, especially when we bring them into the agency,” said Ellen Walthour, the program director for the BrandLab, referring to Olson.
Mr. Collado says that all he wants is the truth: “I would still be the same person.
In his first-round victory over Peter Luczak of Australia, five consecutive points were won by drop shots at one stage.
“Grassley’s just going to wait you out and then pull the rug out from under you.” Representative Chris Van Hollen of Maryland, who succeeded Emanuel as chairman of the Democratic Congressional Campaign Committee, told me, “Some of us concluded much earlier than the White House that Senator Grassley and the two other Republicans had clearly made a decision that they were not going to participate in a meaningful way at the end.” After Obama rebuffed Emanuel’s suggestion to trim the scope of his health care bill, Emanuel pushed Baucus to wrap things up.
I thought the Yankees might say go ahead and want to see the manuscript.” In the meantime, Schriner has written a new essay about her relationship with Steinbrenner, which is available on her blog .
“They needed a juggler and I only had four balls to juggle with but I prepared a little number and got the job.
It is co-hosted by Anna Wintour , the editor of Vogue.
tested 103 locations in its plant and found three that harbored the bacteria.
Large companies will have the resources to go into all these countries if they want to.
This year at the Consumer Electronics Show in Las Vegas, Bowers & Wilkins introduced headphones and computer desktop speakers.
The woman criticized the guard, who responded by shoving her to the ground, the workers said.
It may be quite a bit more than the usual $3,000 to $4,000 ticket for a high-mileage Jeep of that vintage.
The activists had set sail precisely in hopes of forcing the world to focus on Israel’s blockade of Gaza , something they had sought in vain in the past.
“We’re working diligently to do that.” Mr. Johns said that the company was aware that residents were saying they had called complaining of gas odors and that the company was now going through records to see what calls were made and what the company’s response was.
The two countries have been haggling over the new treaty for nearly a year and missed their self-imposed deadline of finishing by the time the original Start accord expired in December.
Sushi and rolls, $4 to $14; combinations, $16 to $40.
“We had already failed once in Rwanda, and the point was not to flag another massive human rights violation that some people might call a genocide, because that would tempt people to simply call it even and turn the page,” said another senior United Nations official involved in managing the Rwandan crisis in 1994.
France T?com employs about 102,000 people in France.
It expects to complete the repurchase of $2.5 billion to $3 billion in stock by July 2012.
In the latest report, a 4.5 percent drop in orders for nondefense capital goods, excluding aircraft, was of special concern.
It just didn’t work out.” But when Mr. Kroft points out that Mr. Leno has said that they both got a raw deal through NBC’s maneuverings, Mr. O’Brien questions that and notes that Mr. Leno wound up back on “The Tonight Show.” Another late-night star, David Letterman, made the same point in an appearance Friday on “Live With Regis and Kelly,” saying (in a falsetto version of Mr. Leno’s voice) that it was only Mr. O’Brien who a bad break because “he got canceled,” and Mr. Leno got “The Tonight Show” back.
had rates of 58 and 57 percent.
Mumbai also started slowly, but had a chance while Tendulkar, who batted with stitches in his hand after being injured in the semifinal victory over Bangalore, was in.
“With the information on the device, they seem more apt to experiment by buying a different varietal or going outside their price range,” Mr. Reno said.
“But once it was either on the cusp of foreclosure or had been taken into the bank portfolio, banks really do not want to hold on to these properties because they don’t know how to manage them, don’t know what to do with them.” Working with borrowed money, Boston Community Capital buys homes after foreclosure and sells or rents them to their previous owners , providing new mortgages and counseling to the owners, who typically have ruined credit.
The first fix is to expand the international legal definition of piracy to include both attacks on the high seas and in territorial waters, which is where most hijacks occur.
Samarra was a fertile place for unrest: it was here that the sectarian fighting escalated into civil war in February 2006 when the golden dome of the Askariya Mosque was blown up .
SLEEPY HOLLOW Hudson Valley Writers’ Center “Black Nature — Four Centuries of African American Nature Poetry,” reading.
Is that street, with its shawarma stands and vendors of soccer jerseys, too touristy?
Maybe we need to go back to paying people and brokerage firms to do that.
That is what Stars and Stripes faces in a new military deployment, and helps explain why the first copies did not reach Haiti until Saturday, 11 days after American troops began to arrive there.
“When we have to contact a ball, we contact a ball,” Maddon said.
“If we do not change our thinking, we will face the chance of a nuclear weapon attack,” Mr. Kerry said.
Mr. Escalante and Ms. Garcia, from the tops of stepladders, their faces lighted from below, deliver — alternating with occasional overlaps — rapid-fire, amplified salvos of half-sentences and words that come apart with repetition.
Attack ads show Mr. Bennet hugging President Obama.
“We expect the rules to increase the volume and quality of information available to us to use as additional evidence in insider trading cases,” Sarah Bailey, a spokeswoman for the agency said.
(Though Mr. Mast is officially excommunicated and shunned by the church, there are ritual means by which church members can communicate with him, essentially shaming him with reminders that he has broken his baptismal vows and urging him to return to the fold.)
To the left of that declaration is an equally thrilling-seeming banner, this one red: “Recall Information: Get the Latest Updates Here.” This “latest updates” phrasing, set against an image of a family cavorting on a beach near a minivan, makes the recall sound exciting and newsy.
Cassandra Walker was waiting on tables full time at a Times Square restaurant and was a “glorified extra” on “Law & Order: Criminal Intent,” she said, when she overheard Mr. D’Onofrio, a star of the show, talk about “this crazy idea” he had for a film that would be shot near his summer house in Kingston, N.Y. “We had something in common because I grew up in Kingston, and went to school for theater at SUNY New Paltz,” said Ms. Walker, 25, who moved to the city in 2006 and is working as a waitress at the Aspen Social Club in Times Square.
Two television stations reported early Monday that Israeli warships had attacked the ships, killing at least two and wounding an unknown number of people on board, according to The Associated Press.
Nine years later, I interviewed for a job as the Mariners beat writer at The Seattle Post-Intelligencer.
''While we obviously would have preferred a victory for the plaintiffs, the court sided with the plaintiffs on a number of key points, which is very encouraging,'' said Scott Scharpen, a former health care financial consultant from California who founded Appointment.US, the group that filed the lawsuit.
But the rest of the newspaper is bizarrely spartan and unimaginative, especially compared to the elaborate magazine mode.
But, Mr. Ward said, the Democrat would not get his support even if he dressed up and sang Charlie Daniels songs.
The sale lasts until mid-May or until Mr. Bejil’s archives are depleted.
Yet it has faced lock-step opposition from the G.O.P.
Such a drastic reorganization might be extremely difficult in the United States, where power companies have strong political sway and states decide whether to promote renewable energy.
“You could almost say he was a Buddhist painter.” Steven Spielberg , speaking from Los Angeles , had similar praise.
Eliot Spitzer; the federal prosecution of Joseph L. Bruno, the former Senate majority leader; and many investigations encircling the current Senate majority leader, Pedro Espada Jr., and the current governor, David A. Paterson, among other officials.
The administration has called on banks to correct the problems in their foreclosure paperwork.
I lagged behind so I could be alone.
Local oarsmen who regale visitors with historical details, guide the kahns — once the primary means of transportation in the area — through shallow channels teeming with river life.
Iranians have always been a terribly fractious people, and the diaspora is no exception.
Christian Fenouillat’s interesting decor is not time specific — one sees a plain brick wall, a Louis XV settee, and a large keyboard instrument that looks Victorian but is surely meant to be an “archicembalo,” the experimental instrument invented by the music theorist Nicola Vicentino that was capable of playing microtones.
The director of the Washington campaign finance office has admonished Marion Barry , a city councilman and former mayor, for failing to disclose his relationship with a woman who was awarded a $15,000 city contract by his office.
Despite Mr. Ahmadinejad’s latest proclamation, during a speech in Tehran, it is far from clear that Iran has the capability to enrich fuel to the level he ordered.
His article effectively said that while Dr. ElBaradei called for change, his ideas were not new, and that many of his facts about the challenges Egypt faces were wrong.
Candidates come face-to-face with tens of thousands of Iowans at the Straw Poll, and will reach every corner of our state and a national audience in our presidential debate .” Several other debates are already scheduled.
Such divisive primaries have threatened to reopen longstanding rifts within the party.
He is survived by his wife of 17 years Leah Hocking, his eight year old daughter Mabel L'Ecuyer of New York City, his mother Madeline L'Ecuyer of Leominster, his sister Lee Ann L'Ecuyer of Kensington, NH, five brothers David L'Ecuyer and his wife Susan of Georgia, Richard L'Ecuyer and his wife Caryl of Leominster, Mark L'Ecuyer and his wife Kim of Harvard, MA, Brian L'Ecuyer and his partner Steven of California and Florida and John L'Ecuyer and his wife Jan of West Virginia, his mother-in-law Genevieve Hocking of Michigan, his father-in-law Ralph Hocking and his wife Sherry of New York, many nieces and nephews and dear friends all over the world.
If she had a visa, she said, she would probably join family members in Texas.
We played for the entire Gulf Coast region.” With the help of players like Brees, Smith must prepare players for a battle with ownership the way coaches prepare them for games.
If, in the event we have that extremely strong level of growth from here on out, we would still not get down to pre-recession unemployment rates until January 2015.” For all the money that has been spent so far, the Obama administration and Congress have not made the kinds of investments that would put large numbers of Americans back to work and lead to robust economic growth.
He added that given the boom in the debt markets and improvements in Seagate’s business, the company decided instead to pursue the share-buyback program.
Mr. Gerber, now 27, isn’t a millionaire, but he’s paid off his loans and doesn’t have to live with his parents (he rents an apartment in Hoboken, N.J.).
Beyond that, they would go on with additional training and examinations for the Singapore qualification only if they wanted to practice in Singapore itself, or saw enhanced value in the Singapore brand.
She received a Tony Award for her performance in the 1989 revival of “Gypsy.” Zoe Caldwell originated the part of Callas on Broadway in 1995; she, the play and her costar Audra McDonald all won Tonys.
Todd Crespi Falls Church, Va., Aug. 24, 2010
And, to take but one more example, he was with the national organization of all NACRI organizations (with Children's Hospital), representing New Jersey in Washington, DC, to lobby for much needed funds.
“Ten years ago all you heard in Chiang Mai was Thai pop and reggae,” said the blues guitarist Mai Wiangthong, 28, while tuning up ahead of a set at La Brasserie, another music club.
We began from the ground up, as the process of creating a capable Afghan force was severely underinvested until 2008.
“So net-net, in the short term, it’s negative,” he said of the junket rules, “but, in the long term, it gives the casino more sustained income and less volatility.”
“Usually they marry late, they do a second or third degree, they put off marriage until later and they find it difficult to find an unmarried man,” she said.
But those ponies were also reminders of home and the object of much care from the men.
Singletary picked Troy Smith ahead of David Carr, who came in against Carolina after Alex Smith’s injury last Sunday but threw a late interception that led to the winning field goal for the Panthers.
But he expressed empathy for Mickelson, who joins Murphy in a unique club, one whose membership neither man sought.
The appropriation legislation, devised by Democratic leaders in the Senate and Assembly, allowed lawmakers to rebuff emergency bills submitted by Mr. Paterson on Sunday that would have forced a partial government shutdown had the lawmakers failed to approve them.
More than 550,000 people have received aid, including more than 1,800 in Rhode Island, with just over a quarter of the money for the program spent so far nationally, state and federal officials said.
“I have no belief that hiring, business expansion decisions, investment decisions will be materially impacted by maintaining the somewhat lower tax rates,” said Mr. Mehiel, whose company employs 2,500 people at 20 package manufacturing facilities.
The Ascher-Zimmerman Funeral Home is assisting the family.
The history of this legendary wine stretches back centuries, and most likely, near the beginning, the wines were more dry than sweet.
Late last year, charges were dismissed against five former Blackwater guards who had been indicted on manslaughter and related weapons charges in a September 2007 shooting incident in Nisour Square in Baghdad, in which 17 Iraqi civilians were killed.
That deal was managed by ACA Management, a part of ACA Capital Holdings , which changed its name in 2008 to Manifold Capital.
Professors at Harvard Medical School will no longer be able to take industry money to speak for drug or medical device companies or accept gifts, travel or meals under a new conflict-of-interest policy announced Wednesday.
“It’s what they’re saying or how they’re behaving.” Civility and aggressive vulgarity are universally understood.
The agency asserts that the project would irrevocably damage streams and wildlife and violate the Clean Water Act.
Since the earthquake, international relief groups have expressed concerns about violence against women, especially in the camps under their watch.
A support network is essential.
Sex, violence, violent sex, sexualized violence.
Still, Sheila C. Bair, the F.D.I.C.
20100812 ‘John Tartaglia’s Imaginocean’ (Saturday, Sunday and Wednesday) John Tartaglia, who starred in the original cast of “Avenue Q,” conceived this musical production, which uses black light and fluorescent creatures from the Puppet Kitchen to tell the story of three fish on an underwater adventure.
Animal Casualties Birds: 820 have been collected, with 298 of these visibly oiled.
“We do have a licensing rule prohibiting those sort of associations, and we’re looking into the relationship,” said Marc A. Guilfoil, deputy commissioner of the Kentucky Horse Racing Commission.
Questions for Shinwari tribal elders this week about whether the pact against the Taliban still stood went unanswered as the elders turned the conversation to their intratribal struggle.
The growing importance of history as an instrument for inter-state reconciliation is a welcome challenge to the use of the past as a political weapon.
Tyne Daly isn’t the first performer to reflect on the alarming way time seems to accelerate as the years pass.
Nine months later, Related bought the note and moved to foreclose, and Mr. Ross announced on CNBC that “there is a higher and better use for that property.” He added, “We are hoping to do something there.” Although Mr. Moinian had spent $100 million renovating the building, including its new glassy exterior, Mr. Ross wanted to tear it down.
“Service members and their families are burdened with a work environment that shows little regard for their personal information,” the report says, adding that the service members, “their units, military preparedness and combat effectiveness all will pay a price for decades to come.” Representatives for the military say they are aware of the problem and are taking steps to fix it, with the Navy and Marines making efforts in the last few months.
“There’s nothing wrong with having half a dozen very good female friends who see me as the most important man in their life when they come to this part of the world,” he said.
Costly oil plays to Europe’s strengths in energy-saving technology, spurring demand for wind energy produced by Iberdrola Renovables of Spain or wind turbines made by Siemens or Vestas in Denmark.
All they can legally do in Bangladesh is starve to death.” The current crackdown is the worst they have ever suffered, according to aid workers and the refugees themselves.
“When they started shooting in my windows, our guards started shooting in the air, not at people,” he said.
accepted an offer for its other big overseas life insurer, American International Assurance, from Prudential, a British company that is not related to Prudential Financial.
Defense lawyers say that in their zeal to make a statement about drug-impaired driving, the police are casting too wide a net and unfairly punishing people who are taking prescriptions as directed.
And it is unclear where she will go when the six months are up.
Back in Piankou, Yang’s old friend Lu Shihua struggled to move forward.
Ten years ago, I never heard of that.” With avoidance often comes escalation.
''TV is better, and has been for a few years now.
Across the country, dining clubs have proliferated, spurred by a combination of culinary restlessness and the easy connectivity of the Internet.
The only advantage I can see to this style of performance is that it lets you consider at leisure what the play is really about.
In August 2003, a suicide bomber in Baghdad kills 17 people, including Vieira de Mello, and destroys the United Nations’ chances at relevance in Iraq.
I can’t say they will, I can’t say they won’t.
Why should we take any job when we’ve been groomed to believe that we can have the job of our dreams?
Against Zmudzinski, Sementa led the spade deuce.
Exploration means little when we refuse the benefits of the assets we’ve developed.
He said the results were preliminary and he had nothing to say.
A 2006 law strengthened the enforcement powers of the Transportation Department, which oversees the Office of Pipeline Safety.
Among the team leaders in batting average are outfielder Ryan Sweeney (acquired in the trade that sent Nick Swisher to the Chicago White Sox) and first baseman Daric Barton (acquired in the Mulder trade), and in the starting rotation are Anderson and Gio Gonzalez (Swisher deal).
American, NATO and Afghan officials talked openly about the Marja offensive in advance, even going so far as to announce at a news conference in Kabul that an offensive involving thousands of troops would begin “in the near future.” The deliberate publicizing of these offensives, administration officials said, is meant to accomplish two goals: to reduce the number of military and civilian casualties by giving insurgents the opportunity to withdraw in advance, and to reassure the local population that a return to control by the central government is looming.
That concession was aimed at lowering barriers to entry for other airlines to fly from London to New York, Boston, Dallas and Miami -- routes where British Airways and American Airlines currently dominate.
At around 1,700 square feet, it was the size of the average American home built in 1980.
But in much of the Bay Area, and especially on the fringes, there is plenty of supply, and thus increased demand is critical to a housing recovery.
Saturday 10 a.m. 4) PARK LIFE Kansas City is said to have more fountains than any other city except Rome.
That ruling gives hope to investors like Simon P. Jacobs, a businessman in New York who wrote the judge to support Mr. Picard’s approach.
He dashed off a check for $2,000, but the boys would accept only $700.
Goat meatballs to convert the squeamish, with a tang of yogurt: oh, man.
Lawyers for the arrested were expected to file a writ of habeas corpus to the Supreme Court on Monday.
Those in foreign languages were translated; those in code, decrypted.
“Holding him in this way as opposed to indicting him without knowing the whole story is probably a more fair-minded way to do it,” Mr. Galluzzo said.
“The handling of detainee issues is going to be a huge, huge issue in the period ahead,” said Marc A. Thiessen, a former speechwriter for Mr. Bush.
HORNETS 99, SPURS 90 Chris Paul scored 25 points, and New Orleans emerged as the only unbeaten team in the Southwest Division with a victory over host San Antonio.
Industry opposition to the new legislation has softened in part because the Coca-Cola Company and PepsiCo now sell far more than Coke and Pepsi.
“You always want depth, because the chance of keeping all five starters on turn throughout is not great,” Manager Joe Girardi said.
The report, to be released on Friday, is expected to show that the economy added 189,000 jobs in April and that the unemployment rate held steady at 9.7 percent.
10 p.m. 7) DRINK WITH THE WILDLIFE Back in Ketchum, the Pioneer Saloon (320 North Main Street; 208-726-3139) is probably as famous for its décor as it is for its food.
As to how his gentle personality grew in reaction to the hard edges of his father, who died in 1997, Irsay said: “You try to make things better.
To the contrary, he said, the future is bright, and the possibility of a double-dip recession “minimal.” He pointed to significant economic problems — including the European debt crisis, the possibility that the Chinese juggernaut will stumble, and persistent high unemployment in the United States.
Mr. Gould says he can provide documentary proof that Mr. Frank had a central role in the administration of the earliest days of the Holocaust as a desk officer who facilitated the machinery of Nazi death.
So they raised $300 million from outside investors and opened an office next door to the Rosewood.
An Americana auction on Sept. 29 will have 52 woodcarvings, including two whalers harpooning prey and a centaur brandishing a spear (each estimated to sell for $20,000 to $40,000).
A dagger (†) indicates that some bookstores report receiving bulk orders.
I don’t see it,” said Michala Marcussen, global head of economic research at Société Générale in London.
Mr. Cobb — who was already a prominent figure in jazz, having appeared with Miles Davis on classic records like “Kind of Blue” and “Sketches of Spain” — was unaccustomed to receiving bad checks.
In baseball, a sport defined by individual achievements, the batting title and home run races are a major topic.
Mr. Shabaneh had faced charges in Israel of threatening Mr. Husseini.
Across China, the island’s freewheeling capitalism became synonymous with corruption.
Riders’ needs have gone untended in the state capital.
“It’s part of our public diplomacy,” Kari Mokko, the press secretary for the Finnish Embassy in Washington, said as he showed off his building’s advanced lighting systems and thick windowpanes.
Some playgoers, though, clearly won’t want to stay the course, as evidenced by a matinee that saw significant numbers of vacant seats after the intermission, as one would expect from a text that wears its foul language and (literal) stabs of brutality like an anti-bourgeois badge of honor.
Mr. Culp wrote the scripts for seven episodes of “I Spy,” and was nominated for an Emmy for all three years the show was in production.
The sentence sent him for an alcohol treatment program, and required three years' probation.
It may be that while Mr. Karzai supports the Americans presence here, he believes that distancing himself from the United States plays well among average Afghans.
Nor are France and Italy alone.
Dominique Fouda, a spokesman for the European Aviation Safety Agency, said that, pending further findings in the investigation, the agency considered the replacement program proposed by Rolls-Royce to be “sufficient to continue operations” of A380s fitted with the affected engines.
There were calls for Phillips to be fired at the end of that season, when the Cowboys were blown out by the Philadelphia Eagles in the regular-season finale.
In 2004, Toyota told regulators that the defect was limited to vehicles in Japan and that it had not received reports of similar problems in the United States, according to the National Highway Traffic Safety Administration.
“You don’t get counseling, you get medication,” Ms. Thomas said.
Born in the ’70s (like Kornblut) and a self-professed member of “the ‘I’m not a feminist, but .
So far, 190 states have acknowledged — directly or indirectly — the human right to safe water and sanitation.
(The most significant reminder of the meaninglessness of awards ceremonies is Mr. West’s insistence on their importance.)
But few schools have been rebuilt, and residents complain of slow compensation for reconstruction of ruined homes.
''He most definitely does not have a face for radio, as the saying goes,'' said Andrew Tyndall, who compiles the report.
Those with chronic diseases or disabilities, like all Internet users, have to be wary about sharing private health information online, particularly with anonymous users.
Which is what makes Saints defensive tackle Anthony Hargrove’s story special — and, to those who care about him, a little unsettling.
But around the same time that Mr. Bloomberg was distancing himself from the Ford effort, two of his top campaign strategists met with Mr. Ford, 39, for lunch at the Harvard Club in Manhattan .
It’s a fun movie.” The party at Cipriani 42 hummed with money, and not only because the building was once a grand old bank (teller windows now serve as drink ledges).
“This only proves how unreasonable Samsung can be,” said Kim Sang-jo, an economist at Hansung University and executive director of Solidarity for Economic Reform, a civic group.
And let’s just say I had my fill.
A decade later, I was at the New York Aquarium and noted how the dolphin pool there was made of reflective materials.
There were three all-cash offers — from a Goldman Sachs banker, from a banker at another Wall Street firm, and from someone in “new media,” said Darren Sukenik, the listing broker and a managing director at Prudential Douglas Elliman.
The other high price was paid at a separate auction for a block of residential land deep in the suburbs in Yizhuang.
Sanchez and Favre have never met, although Sanchez heard his share of stories, all of which he declined to discuss.
But it also has a pat Hollywood ending, with anodyne doses of redemption spread all around, short-circuiting whatever moral complexity the story might have had.
Neglecting to rebalance regularly: After you set up your initial asset allocation, you need to make sure to keep those allocations on target over time because some asset classes will grow faster than others.
On Friday, Mr. Mason rejected Google’s $6 billion bid , according to two people with direct knowledge of the situation.
A visit to one of Julian’s dance classes offered a glimpse at the intensity of his day.
She recalled a trip two years ago around the holidays, when a passenger trying to bring a bottle of barbecue sauce in carry-on luggage held up the whole security line.
“When we did that, we knew there would be a changeover period,” Mr. Savino said.
But although the Europeans’ mood was celebratory on Sunday night, Westwood looked more focused than elated.
$637,500 5902 Delafield Avenue, Bronx r 3 f 2 h 1 o 30 weeks 78-year-old brick center-hall colonial; eat-in kitchen, stone fireplace, stainedglass windows, finished basement and attic, slate roof, 1-car garage, 35-by-95- ft. lot; taxes $5,066; listed at $749,000.
Rather, it is UnitedHealthcare’s plan to cut hospitals’ reimbursement by 50 percent for notifications provided later than 24 hours that is so unreasonable.
Andy Roddick, the American who has been one of the most committed Davis Cup players, announced in January that he would not play in the competition this season because he was concerned that too many surface changes might aggravate a knee problem.
He was more than happy to oblige, even if it meant getting lost along the way.
In a statement, Coffee said, “I feel it is best for me that I move on from football.” Coffee, San Francisco’s third-round draft pick in 2009, was the team’s second-leading rusher as a rookie last season with 226 yards, but he averaged just 2.7 yards per carry.
To many bankers, that suggests that the worst may be over.
A week later, Anheuser-Busch sent letters to some of its domestic competitors informing them that it would defend its rights should any of them negotiate a deal with the league.
The Yankees said a video tribute for Sheppard would take place on Saturday, when the Yankees stage their annual Old-Timers’ Day in the Bronx, an event that will be attended by numerous former Yankees who played for Steinbrenner over the decades.
The Conservatives and the Liberal Democrats say they should be made right away.
Even big landlords who prefer to “ride the market” and pay changing prices, though, tend to buy power from ESCOs.
It raises the question: Why should Congress, or anyone else, have faith that future Fed officials will recognize the next bubble?
The application is processed through the Italian Embassy; there are no fees associated with it and it takes about a day to receive one.
approach has often been criticized by Washington, especially in trade disputes, as overly restrictive.
She won the under-14 Orange Bowl tournament in Miami in 2001, on her way to reaching a high of No.
Mr. Lee, soft-spoken and unflappable, raced through the school last week, handing out class lists to teachers, security guards, even a surprised custodian.
The companies also want the government to scrap plans to impose a new tax on fuel rods.
Charles grew up on the Upper West Side during the 1920s and 30s.
President Obama ’s deal with the Republicans to extend all the Bush-era income tax cuts is a win for the Republicans and their strategy of obstructionism and a disappointing retreat by the White House.
While Friday’s ruling concerned only one client, known as “A” under Swiss confidentiality rules, the Swiss court’s decision effectively means the August deal to disclose the 4,450 names may be invalid.
Farmers with small holdings — who are highly dependent on favorable weather — will be the most vulnerable to climate disruptions, Mr. Swaminathan said.
Still, it is far from clear how the Parliament will proceed with the reform bill, which has provoked anxious debate across Iran for months.
Under Thomas Coté’s brisk direction, swift scene changes — no small feat for a play with so many — allow the momentum to build as the audience puts the pieces of the plot’s puzzle together.
The designers have been creative.
The word is meant to be whispered.” “Too many goddam echoes,” Elster exclaims at one point, yet he himself is a character who seems — a voice that sounds?
Their chief job is to portray, with villainous leers, an assortment of corrupt white authority figures (lawyers, judges, guards).
The goal of those who favor the treaty is to get back to the policy of the Clinton administration, which declined to sign the treaty in 1997 but said it wanted the United States to be compliant by 2006.
“And we especially can’t afford to let companies game the system.” The president cited the case of one company — he did not name it — whose owner, he said, owed more than $1 million in back taxes and was nonetheless “paid over one million dollars as a defense contractor — and instead of using that money to pay his back taxes, he chose to buy a boat, some cars and a home abroad with his earnings.” The presidential memorandum that Mr. Obama signed directs the budget office, along with the Treasury Department and other federal agencies, to move to block contractors with “serious tax delinquencies” from doing business with the government.
The MSCI Barra Japan index was up 7.3 percent for the first quarter and almost 35.6 percent for the 12 months ended March 31.
“Now Bogotá feels like it could be a city in the U.S., but with a particular Latin flair,” Mr. Andrews said.
This week we may have gotten the answer.
This is a more complete version of the story than the one that appeared in print.
Of the authentic bowling giants of the past decade, paceman Glenn McGrath of Australia has been followed into international retirement by two spin-bowling legends, his compatriot Shane Warne and Anil Kumble of India, while a third spinner, Muttiah Muralitharan of Sri Lanka, appears to be in decline.
“High School Musical,” the Disney Channel television movie that depicted kids breaking into song old-school Broadway-style, became a phenomenon — at least if you had kids between 5 and 12 when it burst upon the scene.
That largely takes the Jets — in recent years, big free-agency spenders — out of the mix.
“How can un-free people do that?” Ms. Ali embodies the conundrum.
He is a staff writer for Central Recovery Press, a publisher that specializes in addiction treatment and recovery.
Almost 30 percent of Latvia’s 2.2 million people are Russian speakers, the largest Russian-speaking minority in the Baltics.
The two private equity firms have financing commitments from Bank of America Merrill Lynch, Barclays Capital, Credit Suisse and UBS.
“Ten years ago, fans came to the ballpark asking, ‘What’s going to happen to hold us back?’ Now they come with the mind-set, What’s going to happen to help us win?” On Wednesday, the front page of The Philadelphia Daily News pictured Christmas stockings stuffed with the Phillies’ new four-man rotation.
Rather than negotiating terms under which whaling can continue, the United States and other countries should now recommit themselves to finally bringing it to an end.
The market rate for a three-bedroom penthouse with a terrace is $5,000 — reasonable by Manhattan standards, but high for New Haven.
“For him, who’s had such a great career, we definitely wanted to come out tonight and finally get him that win that he so very much deserves.” Sabathia is the first Yankees pitcher to reach the 20-win threshold since Mike Mussina went 20-9 in 2008, and the first Yankees left-hander to do so since Andy Pettitte five years earlier.
With a $2 million federal grant and private aid, the Foster and Adoptive Care Coalition has begun unusually intense 12- to 20-week searches for family connections and potential adopters, which it calls Extreme Recruitment.
I represent Morris Park.” And when it comes to boxing, Morris Park is no ordinary neighborhood.
Born in Argentina and based in Brooklyn, Ms. Werthein received threats from anti- immigration groups after an art project she did in Mexico in 2005, in which she created special sneakers and distributed them to people in Tijuana who were planning to cross the border into the United States.
Other crises have cost far more than $50 billion.
Further on, a typical exhibition documentary plays opposite a wall checkered with photographs of Dalí hanging out at Max’s Kansas City and admiring quotations from Alfred Hitchcock, Andy Warhol and Jeff Koons.
Gamble is timid, gullible, irresistible to gorgeous women and yet oblivious to their interest.
Pierson started for McCarville and scored 18 points in a solid offensive showing, but the Liberty had difficulty all night keeping up with Atlanta’s talented duo of Sancho Lyttle and Erika DeSouza on the inside.
He and Auburn did not return a text message seeking comment Thursday.
Adriana Leon scored in the 63rd minute and Notre Dame defeated Stanford, 1-0, in Cary, N.C., to win its third N.C.A.A.
Are there things to do, ahead of time, that will make it easier for us to defend them?’ ” said Paul Helmke , the president of the Brady Campaign to Prevent Gun Violence .
Before a roaring but restless full house, goalie Antti Niemi pitched a brilliant shutout and Patrick Kane and Marian Hossa fulfilled their big-players-in-big-games duties by scoring goals in an order-restoring 2-0 victory.
“There’s a lot of pressure to make the right decision when you know that this is going to be your last stop,” said Ms. Manookian, who teaches art classes to fellow residents at the Plaza.
He said he wanted to talk to the people who had driven all this way to eat his food.
A fair is different from a carnival, she explained, because there are farm animals at a fair.
But visually, it is not a very rousing show, and not only because color takes a back seat to black-and-white design.
There are also some options on the nation’s two smaller carriers, Sprint and T-Mobile.
He has acknowledged publicly that he bet through Agate, including $40,000 on one of his company’s clients, Roger Federer , in the 2007 French Open men’s final.
Unbeknownst to many people, the Busch family was almost powerless to fend off InBev.
Many patients end up on a drug sold under the trade name Xyrem, known on the street as GHB , the date- rape drug.
You are using their good will to help yourself function.
It may even be a ray of hope when hope is so hard to find in this region.
On Wednesday, after stepping off the elevator and climbing into his Jeep in the parking garage, a reporter asked where he was headed.
In fact, Wright’s numbers are comparable to those of the Phillies’ Ryan Howard, who had three more homers and six more runs batted in than Wright heading into Friday’s games, but a lower batting average and 15 fewer total bases.
The Cheonan was attacked near a disputed western sea border between the two Koreas.
And she has grown impatient, saying that her representatives have not been able to reach the I.A.A.F.
And while Iran is not believed to oppose Prime Minister Nuri Kamal al-Maliki’s return to power, it views with deep suspicion Ayad Allawi, a former interim prime minister and secular Shiite politician whose electoral coalition won a wafer-thin victory over Mr. Maliki’s in the parliamentary vote.
It points to some improvements, including an increased optimism among Afghans about their government and the slowing of the insurgency in places where NATO troops have concentrated their efforts.
But it would take eight more innings of waiting until an image of the Jose Reyes of old emerged, and not the nervous, shadowy version that played the bulk of the game.
It backfired seconds later when Langenbrunner took a pass from Zach Parise and scored into the empty net.
Mr. Morgan would ship his Napa grapes down the coast, staying a week at a time when he needed to supervise the Orthodox crew.
On Sunday, voters in 12, or about a third, of Mexico’s states will vote for new governors.
I’ve spent most of my life putting pasta on to boil and forgetting about it.
Something of a relic of the speakeasy era, Galveston County, Tex., was dotted with gambling dens, prostitution parlors and illegal nightclubs well into the 1950s — a time when it was still against state law to sell liquor by the drink.
Paul Gosar, a dentist who defeated several other candidates, including the 2008 nominee, to win the primary in a Republican-leaning district in Arizona, told an interviewer that “adhering to the words of the founding fathers means putting the government role in the health care, the Department of Education , and yes, entitlements, all on the table for a constitutional examination.” In a questionnaire for a Tea Party group, Steve Stivers, running for Congress in Ohio , said that only four departments — Defense, Justice, State and Treasury — perform “constitutional roles,” meaning “you could eliminate the Departments of Agriculture, Education, Interior, Housing and Urban Development, Transportation, Energy and others to return to a constitutionally pure government.” Many candidates — Mr. Paul, in Kentucky, as well as many in the House races — have embraced a pledge to require Congress to indicate how any new legislation is authorized in the Constitution, and contend that the Constitution does not authorize many of the things the federal government does now.
LINDENHURST Studio Theater “And the Winner Is...” comedy by Mitch Albom.
The show features 19 pairs of works, each one a painting and a smaller, corresponding work on paper in ink, pencil and gouache.
“I’d say, ‘That armor is really good, let’s talk to the costume designer,’ or ‘Those swords are really cool, let’s have some of those.’ But the notion of a characterless, emotionless, mechanistic story, which is what you almost inevitably get in a video game — that was never in the cards for me.” In making the movie, he explained, he found himself drawing a lot on films that had meant a lot to him when he was young, especially “Ben Hur” and “Bad Day at Black Rock.” He quickly added: “Of course, everyone’s taste is omnivorous, and that’s by no means the only kind of movie I liked.
This amalgam includes descendants of Germans, Italians, Irish and other immigrants, as well as Native Americans and Africans.
It was the briefest of fashion statements in this two-week tournament -- 3 hours 22 minutes to be exact.
British business executives dealing with China were given a formal warning more than a year ago by Britain ’s security service, MI5, that Chinese intelligence agencies were engaged in a wide-ranging effort to hack into British companies’ computers and to blackmail British businesspeople over sexual relationships and other improprieties, according to people familiar with the MI5 document.
The company attributed the higher results to the rise in Medicare Advantage membership and lower administrative costs.
She enjoys her life in Laguna Beach as a part-time dysfunctional daughter (her mother is known as P.A.Q.U., for “Passive Aggressive Queen of the Universe”) and full-time slacker.
As Scotty, narrating this chapter, reports, Sasha is visibly relieved when Scotty is whisked away and is not her problem anymore.
“My teachers here were extremely Soviet, and extremely corrupt.
Mr. Perrot said he pointed out relics of family history to interested people at the open houses: the desk that belonged to his grandfather, who was named president of the Bank and Trust of New York at age 28, and shepherded it through the crash of 1929; the Steinway piano that belonged to his mother, who died last summer and also had an organ at the house for many years.
The American Wind Energy Association, in its annual report to be released on Tuesday, said the amount of capacity added last year, 9,900 megawatts, was the largest on record, and was 18 percent above the capacity added in 2008, also a banner year.
His first book, “Separate and Unequal: Public School Campaigns and Racism in the Southern Seaport States, 1901-1915,” was published in 1958.
The number of patients was small, all were late in the course of their illness, and all were also taking valproate or lithium, which may have affected the results.
And someone, or perhaps several someones, may have sneakily placed used chewing gum between the pages of new books.
Two decades ago, the police here sometimes roused Jason Kim in the wee hours, but not because he was in trouble.
The proposed law would require any oil company registered with the Securities and Exchange Commission to disclose its payments to foreign governments around the world.
The highway safety agency said this week that it had begun an investigation into whether three million Jeep Grand Cherokees from the 1993 to 2004 model years had gasoline tanks that could catch fire too easily after a crash.
Here, the river flows like steel-blue oil, and a bobbing funeral procession could be crossing the Styx itself.
Both my parents had remarried.
Sherri was keen to crack New York’s hot-cup market.
The Giants proved almost equally incapable of gaining ground.
The recalls have covered a wide range of models for various problems, including faulty gas pedals, floor mats that can trap accelerators, defective braking and stalling engines.
“That just did not happen.” Congress has the chance to strike down similar absurdities in the American mind and military by enacting repeal to end a shameful injustice.
Why did you stop?” “We’re releasing rats.” “That’s it.
“We and everyone else need a cash grant.” This summer, Abengoa won a $1.45 billion loan guarantee for its 280-megawatt solar plant in Gila Bend, Arizona.
But when classically trained artists make music suited for both concert hall and nightclub (and play it in both), conventional categories become useless.
Whereas, someone who’s waiting until the building is almost sold out, is going to pay full market price.” But not every new building is lowering prices.
“We’re in the fourth or fifth inning of the typical end-of-winter, early spring rise in gasoline prices,” he added.
“Fire everybody in that room!” Chagall exclaimed, by Mr. Taylor’s account.
The school, in a district that is more than 95 percent black and is one of the state’s poorest, has struggled to give its students modern business skills, largely lacking the hardware and software that would allow them to create the spreadsheets, PowerPoint presentations and multimedia displays that have become routine in the business world.
It was a peculiar feeling that had settled on 253rd Street.
His dancers (Fiona Brown, Nathaniel Darst, Jenna Liberati) send out classical dance signals: hair pulled back, the women in leotards with little chiffon skirts.
Two years ago, Manny Ramirez seemed to do everything in his power to get away from Fenway Park.
Café Habana, at Prince and Elizabeth, is a favorite, crowded for dinner and brunch, and there are many fancier places, as well as two of the city’s more historic (if congested) pizza places: Lombardi’s and Ray’s.
The invitees include Yogi Berra and Whitey Ford, who were on that team and are the two remaining Yankees who link the present to the triumphs of 60 years ago.
For a horse I had a rolling towel rack with a hobby horse head attached to it all covered in black.
“I’m at this point in my career where I’m trying to step away from the realm of fine arts,” he says to the camera, “because I think it’s a very exclusive, very restrictive place to be.
president, said recently that he wanted more than $2.2 billion, which G.E.
It is not much of a stretch to imagine that their customers, who are shopping more like women these days, are paying attention to a color of the season.
(The era is generally acknowledged to have begun in 1982, when the shy, stranded alien in “E.T.” is lured out of hiding with a trail of Reese’s Pieces .)
The finals ended with two unwanted keepsakes.
Frank Todisco, senior pension fellow at the American Academy of Actuaries, declined to comment on the situation in Illinois, but said the Actuarial Standards Board was working on revised standards that, if adopted, would clarify actuarial assumptions and lead to more detailed descriptions of risk.
Burial will be private at John's Island Cemetery, Indian River Shores, Florida.
George W. Bush understood this.
The meal, appropriately, began with an ocean plunge.
One day the illusionist notices Alice’s shabby shoes (she works in the pub swabbing floors and washing clothes) and buys her a pair of bright red Mary Janes .
Like Americans, Germans have already had to cope with a general loss of trust in public institutions.
“But that tells you nothing.
He is a son of Inkyung Kim Park and Chan Seok Park of Auburn, Ala.
“If she wins, she’ll be a Godzillionaire,” said Frank Carroll, who coaches the Japanese-American skater Mirai Nagasu, mixing his monster metaphors.
(Mr. Holzmair was to have made his Metropolitan Opera debut in the current run of “Così Fan Tutte,” but withdrew because of illness.)
“The White House is doing the right thing,” the congresswoman, Representative Gabrielle Giffords, said in a statement announcing the decision.
Picking up exactly where its 2007 predecessor left off, “Hatchet II,” Adam Green’s latest homage to slasher-movie history, returns us to the Louisiana marshlands and the murderous vendetta of the swamp-dwelling mutant Victor Crowley (Kane Hodder).
Israel will, of course, endure tremendous international condemnation for this week’s events.
Reports that three infant girls in south-central China have developed premature breast growth while on a diet of milk powder have drawn national attention in China and a government investigation, but the Chinese manufacturer of the powder denies any problem with its product.
One reason for the struggle is the difficulty in amassing a database of donors from another campaign.
Despite Sanofi’s hunger to acquire Genzyme, Karen Anderson, an analyst for Morningstar, recently wrote investors that the potential synergy between Sanofi and Genzyme would be limited because of Genzyme’s focus on specialty drugs.
This season, the figure is 130 games despite the Garden’s cuts.
It’s a marketing stunt borrowed from reality TV — or perhaps a psychology experiment.
A typical son, in other words, is earning less than his dad did at the same age.
Or, as he put it: “By chance, one day, I met the building.
players, and Norway, which has none.
It’s been consistent, it’s been busy, and we’ve been trying to meet a call volume that is excessive for the last two weeks.” Some criminologists say that the homicide rate usually rises in hot weather.
UCONN 89, VERMONT 73 Kemba Walker scored a career-high 42 points as Connecticut (2-0) beat Vermont (1-1) in a final tuneup before heading to the Maui Invitational.
After they had all the boys in this pile they started with swords and bayonets killing us boys, and one of the bayonets just hit me in the right cheek.” Last April, the University of Southern California Shoah Foundation Institute , founded by Steven Spielberg after he directed “Schindler’s List,” signed an agreement with Mr. Hagopian under which his archive of testimonies of Armenian genocide survivors and witnesses would be made available for educational purposes.
By contrast, Ms. Black is a creature of the publishing world who has been called the “first lady” of American magazines and has rarely ventured outside the realm of media.
Ed Miliband , 40, a former environment minister and David’s brother, has entered the race as a possible compromise candidate, with he and his brother both saying that “brotherly love” would carry them through the strains their political rivalry might engender.
He was a handsome, elegant suitor, largely understated yet brimming with feeling.
I walk there all the time, but still I refuse to bow down to it.”
The case has taken some strange turns.
Also involved are taxes on dividends, capital gains and estates, all of which would go to exceptionally high levels without some kind of action by Congress this year.
It will confess — or brag — for me automatically.
Ritual, which has 40 employees, and Blue Bottle , with 90, make up a Bay Area coffee brain trust.
Mr. Lasseter also defended Ms. Carney, who had been the subject of unflattering coverage in the trade press, like when The Hollywood Reporter called her “Sorcerer” slogan “one of the hall-of-fame worst taglines ever.” “I’m excited that she’s not from movie marketing,” Mr. Lasseter said.
Once there were several dozen vintage-poster stores in the city, but now there are only a few.
He moved in with relatives and depended on them.
But Roddick said the biggest difference from their previous meetings came courtesy of Lu’s serve .
I walked to the train and got out of there.
I might taste a haunting minty-ness, while you might detect a whiff of lemon.
Forty-four years after Guyana gained independence, the country remains the poorest in South America, with a per capita income lower than Bolivia’s.
It raised taxes on a wide variety of goods, like pharmaceutical products and alcohol.
Whoever takes power, the next British government faces the painful task of cutting spending and raising taxes if it is to bring a runaway budget deficit under control.
Bennett added, ''It will be the standard procedure for teaching the golf swing.''
“I knew I wanted it.” The street feeds into the Queens -Midtown Tunnel, so she returned at different times of the day to check the noise level.
(Nakamichi was in the running, but they followed a different aesthetic - chunkier, more brutalist than B&O's Modernist slickness.)
General Dynamics, based in Falls Church, Va., does not release quarterly order numbers.
I respect him, but I don’t like him.” MANGOLD CLOSE TO DEAL The All-Pro center Nick Mangold and the Jets are close to agreeing on a contract extension, Coach Rex Ryan said.
“I am worried about the direction of the cuts,” said Ms. Hopps, who joined Perspectives last spring as the school’s first chief executive.
One day last summer, they ordered a brand-new $600 voltage meter, so that if they got the battery up and running, they could measure the electricity it generated.
“But we could have a revolving door a little bit.” Turiaf stumbled at times in his 21 minutes on the court, perhaps showing some rust after being injured for most of last season.
The Eagles hold a $5 million option for next season but, despite the likely absence of a salary cap, it is hard to imagine them keeping him, considering they barely used him.
(One of the latest, Bill O'Reilly's ''Pinheads and Patriots,'' will make its debut at No.
The procedure is somewhat similar to the “top kill” method that failed in early June, but would be much more likely to succeed because with the well sealed, no oil or gas would be moving inside.
She has been unable to find full-time work with benefits, and her application for private insurance was rejected without explanation.
The BBC reported that Mr. Shardah had been arrested in a land dispute.
Now, the search is on to find out if other countries are buying up North Korean technology or, worse yet, bomb fuel.
“Because of the blustering language the North Koreans always use, you tend to dismiss it.
Beyond defending his own government’s approval of the raid, Mr. Cameron appeared eager to pre-empt possible second-guessing from military experts and others in Britain who have been quick to condemn American units for what the critics say is heavy-handedness in counterinsurgency operations, and suggest that Britain’s far smaller, less technology-reliant forces bring an experience and battlefield wisdom that the Americans lack.
A Kaiser spokesman, John E. Nelson, declined to discuss the raises and said Kaiser was staying neutral in the election.
“We created a circus and then ran off and joined it.” In December 1971, the original four men gave their first New York performance, at a Manhattan dance studio.
At least 14 American soldiers have been killed in Afghanistan over the past few days.
It should be no surprise that there was a distinct lopsidedness to Theismann’s and Gibbs’s contributions.
And despite all the adulation and numbingly solemn accolades (New York magazine recently anointed the last 10 years “The Jon Stewart Decade” ) Mr. Stewart has managed to maintain his mock anchor’s seditious mien.
Already, the government has started cracking down on strike-related Web sites and deleted many of the blog posts about the strikes.
“It kind of made me wonder whether he was taking this seriously.”
George W. Bush caught so much flak for spending a month at his ranch in Crawford, Tex., in the summer of 2001, said his former press secretary, Ari Fleischer, that his staff printed T-shirts listing all the work-related side trips he had taken.
Mr. Michaels was not given a lucrative severance package beyond six months’ worth of his salary and health benefits, and will remain as a consultant for some time.
Martina Navratilova was released from a Nairobi hospital Sunday, three days after being taken off Mount Kilimanjaro because she had developed high-altitude pulmonary edema, an accumulation of fluid in the lungs.
The criminal case accused Mr. Nacchio of selling Qwest stock using insider information that the company would not meet its revenue forecasts.
Introduced into the United States in the early 1950s, Pez sold fitfully.
This is the main reason I left New York in 1987 (after I found myself vandalizing a BMW parked under my window that had been going off for 48 hours straight).
Last January I attended a touring production (near Cambridge , Mass.)
The result is “You Are Not Alone” (Anti), a new CD, produced by Mr. Tweedy and released last week, that reflects both her gospel-soul sensibility and his love for all genres of American roots music.
Martha Stewart: The necklace ($28) is made by Silke Stoddard, deputy editor of crafts for Martha Stewart Living.
EILE--Selma, died June 9, 2010.
But Amazon and other U.S. companies doing business in China are coming under new scrutiny from politicians and human rights groups since Google’s recent announcement that it planned to stop adhering to government demands that it censor search results in China and perhaps would pull out of the country.
There has always been tension, one securities lawyer said, between banking regulators, who want to resolve problems behind closed doors, and the federal securities laws, which compel disclosure.
Meanwhile Phillips is supervising a Perkins recording session, to which he has invited his latest discovery, Lewis, to add his flaming keyboard licks.
There's a surfer-dude clich?hat no matter who someone is on land, ''in the water, everyone is equal.''
This is where Ms. Anderson eats dinner.
He is survived by his children Susan (Ian Wise) and Donald (Farida) as well as his adored granddaughter, Melissa, all of whom will miss him very much.
players, and last season it was often glimpsed in locker room interviews on ESPN, Mr. Beal added.
The bank recently posted losses of at least $300 million, prompting officials at the Central Bank to remove Mr. Farnood and Mr. Frozi as its top executives.
Cobra Ending Soon If you have been insured under Cobra, you are guaranteed coverage in the individual market even if you have a pre-existing condition.
This year, cottontail rabbits and armadillos were pointed.
The promise of all that exposed flesh drove tourists and amateur lens men out in force on Saturday to witness the super-size block party that is the Coney Island Mermaid Parade, an event that dates to 1983.
Burton is well aware of those.
“Twenty-thousand cookies is a lot,” he said.
If it wasn’t clear before, this season has underscored the point, italicized it and shouted it from the rooftops: N.F.L.
These were paintings whose owners could not be found, many of whom perished in the Holocaust.
“We got a bloody nose on the way into the recession and I’m not sure we got it all back on the way out,” he said last week in a conference call on third-quarter earnings.
Suddenly, apropos of not so much, he starts telling us about a “ghetto prostitute” he met at a bus stop in California.
“The euro is getting clobbered as worries about Greece are intensifying and fears of contagion are rising,” David Scutt, a currency trader at Arab Bank Australia in Sydney, told Reuters.
Privacy Advisor, the software will handle the transfer of data between H.P.
Mr. Sauerberg’s promotion was part of a broader reorganization of senior management.
We’re only going to fill this place with joy.
“I know the struggles, and it’s just a blessing to be representing your home state, and in my case my hometown, at one of the highest levels,” Favorite said.
Their findings were translated into English and sent to O.C.I.A.
When asked about their termination costs this spring, however, ATK and Lockheed Martin said they expected NASA to pay for them, as had been past practice.
“You know, our women are higher ranked than the qualies,” Pamela Glick, the tournament director, said Thursday.
And as casual athletes become more serious and begin to intensify their workouts, they should use fewer distractions, trainers say — for example, forgoing e-mail messages in favor of an inspiring playlist.
As an artist, he was far more desirous of the esteem of his peers, wanting them to like and respect what he was doing.
In a span of 48 hours, he went from a lesser-known member of the United States team to an Olympic medalist, and then to notoriety when sexually suggestive photographs of him with a young woman and his medal appeared on the celebrity Web site TMZ.com .
“We thought the judge would follow every other pattern the other judges have followed: deference to the military.” For years, the lawsuit sat “at the bottom of the judicial docket,” Mr. Berle said.
Over the years, he promoted Muhammad Ali, George Foreman, Oscar De La Hoya and now Pacquiao, a Mount Rushmore of boxing royalty.
It’s being with mostly women when they’re at this moment and helping them to reach deep inside of themselves and find out who their own true parent is, helping people get to a place where they experience their own wisdom about parenting.
After making 10 of his first 12 attempts from 3-point range this season, Williams is again settling into the ups and downs of the N.B.A.
Yet, for years Mr. Erdogan encouraged closer ties with Israel, even taking a planeload of businessmen to Tel Aviv in 2005.
Sarah Palin endorsed her candidacy on the steps of the State House.
Last month, the coal mine operator Alpha Natural Resources, based in Abingdon, Va., said that it was expanding its natural gas business by drilling its first well in the Marcellus Shale in a venture with Rice Energy.
Mary Beth and her women friends talk about everything, husbands excepted.
Most debit card issuers, if they have a rewards program at all, give away far less than 2 percent.
How has your leadership style evolved?
But the Guantánamo base commander asked the local commander in Cuba to expand the authority to a standing basis, and Havana agreed, administration officials said.
(The just-seedy-enough set is by Terri Tomola.)
I told the sergeant that plumbing equipment and tools were in the locker, and a grenade hanging on a hook.
“It’s more safe,” he said.
The results certainly appear healthy, but they may not be much of a meal.
Then there is Dr. Griffith’s problem: what to do when part of a tumor is positive and the rest is negative.
For Coralis I. Concepcion and her three boys in Woonsocket, R.I., cash assistance ended on Jan. 31.
“It’s exciting skiing at the same time as Lindsey,” Mancuso said.
But it comes at a time of increasing debate among communities, countries and corporations about how best to pursue the next generation of broadband, a technology seen as the gateway to a new wave of Internet-based products and services.
A request that the Supreme Court create a new First Amendment right to keep secret the names of people who sign ballot petitions met with intense skepticism at the Supreme Court on Wednesday from justices across the ideological spectrum.
The Bulldogs’ first recruit to be ranked among the nation’s top 100 high school players, Howard led Indiana in rebounding his senior year at Connersville High School, but turned down scholarship offers from Indiana and Purdue to play for Butler.
Other exchanges that have listings, such as Nasdaq, would be required to develop similar mechanisms.
BEHIND THE BEARD IS A QUIRKY CLOSER Brian Wilson, who led the majors with 48 saves, frequently does just enough to preserve Giants victories.
said it detected violations at American on 10 MD-80s during inspections at the airline’s hub in Dallas/Fort Worth International Airport and its maintenance center in Tulsa, Okla. American was forced to ground its entire MD-80 fleet of about 300 planes over a four-day period in April 2008, canceling more than 3,000 flights and stranding thousands of passengers, to perform the required maintenance.
No wonder: since 1996, the taxi commission has issued only 42 dress code violations to drivers, or about three per year.
Some people involved in the issue contend that the slow pace is intentional because financial interests in the developed world benefit from capital flows from less developed regions.
These stories were sick, serious and bloody.
He said he was skeptical about the start-stop pace of construction.
She said that he looked old and weak, like he was 80, this boy who showed movies on the wall.
Sometimes we’d miss a turn and sail over a snow bank, landing on the other side in fits of laughter.
“My critics can take it or leave it, but I remain loyal to my ideas.” So does the government, which supports Mr. Zerpa’s creations and the work of many other street artists, and is increasingly making them a central element of its promotion of a state ideology.
“I also saw she didn’t pay her last balance and it was a lot — over $4,000.” He wondered whether anyone had told this woman what had happened.
Also last month, Wyndham Hotels sent customers a statement saying that a “sophisticated hacker had penetrated our computer system” at as many as 31 hotels from Nov. 7, 2009, to Jan. 23.
“I know it’s a different game because if you make a mistake, you’re going to pay.
And the year after that?
But this dance confirms the sense that he is now an important individual voice in ballet choreography.
Died at home after a year long battle with cancer.
WHY THEY CAME To trade ideas about treating erectile dysfunction; the restaurant is Dr. Bar-Chama’s go-to spot.
If you choose an iPhone, you get a totally different philosophy: a gated community, controlled, but 100 percent clean and consistent.
“They have these extreme levels of growth, but it’s not sustainable growth.” According to the physicists, the trade-off is inevitable.
She appreciated the small blinking, removable LED light in the right sleeve, although on very dark streets, she said, its glare impeded her vision.
“I was never planning to bomb it!” Ms. Siddiqui shouted before being led away, her voice piercing the hushed courtroom.
Yet they will also find internment camps, military checkpoints and a government accused by watchdog groups of undermining democratic principles as it tightens its grip on power.
He has tended to leave the jihadists, including Al Qaeda, alone if they do not pose a threat to his government, something that Gregory Johnsen, a Princeton University expert on Yemen, has called “a tacit nonaggression pact.” Diplomats have said that only when Mr. Saleh was shown intelligence that Al Qaeda was taking aim at his government and his family did he take the threat of Al Qaeda seriously.
Though it was not clear who fired the fatal shot, Mr. Raheem and the three other men were later convicted of murder, kidnapping and robbery, and Mr. Raheem received a sentence of 25 years to life, said Linda M. Foglia, a spokeswoman for the State Department of Correctional Services.
I see nearly every word I’ve heard from a tennis coach embodied out there.
“His personality infiltrated it inevitably,” Mr. Harris said of the script for “The Ghost Writer,” which he wrote with Mr. Polanski.
The lesson of his candidacy, he said, is that “even if you are from rural South Carolina, you can be internationally famous.” At his side was Krystel Reid, 25, a graduate student who is a political consultant; she is working as Mr. Greene’s campaign manager but is not charging him.
He answered the survey anonymously.
Mr. Sebelik, a retired postal worker and a Democrat, said he was counting on Mr. Obama to hold back the Republicans in Congress.
A few pieces can be attributed to particular artists, like Schtockschnitzler Simmons ($40,000 to $80,000 for a tree full of songbirds) and Wilhelm Schimmel (an eagle with a yard-long wingspan, $60,000 to $100,000).
The slayings occurred despite a countrywide increase in security at schools, with additional police officers and guards posted at school gates.
The jugs — which, according to the New York State Liquor Authority, have always been legal at both retail outlets and bars — have proliferated lately, said Heartland’s founder, Jon Bloostein, because there are more interesting beers to go in them.
Mr. Conroy, 19, faces several charges in connection with Mr. Lucero’s stabbing and attempted attacks on three other Hispanic men, including second-degree murder as a hate crime and gang assault.
(Ingrid Betancourt, a onetime presidential candidate in Colombia, was also freed; a review of her own book appears in this issue.)
The Times agreed to some, but not all.
So Mr. Frechter, 49, wound down his own home-improvement firm in Boston and started commuting to New York to run Plexi-Craft.
President Gurbanguly Berdymukhammedov announced plans on Friday to permit the creation of private newspapers in the Central Asian nation, where all media are state-controlled.
Many of the Iranians who have fled to Turkey had been imprisoned and tortured by the Iranian security forces after participating in demonstrations against the disputed presidential election, according to Omid Advocates for Human Rights, an organization based in Berkeley, California.
Even bogus boxing can be hazardous on a Broadway stage.
Honoring the wishes of Dr. Levitin there will be no formal service, however, on Wednesday June 2 from 2-7pm the family is inviting friends and colleagues to call at 11 Debra Lane, Branford, CT.
Mr. Jaffee had never much discussed those topsy-turvy early years with his colleagues.
“This is truly a race for the ages.”
Do I like that these women don’t agree with me?
“They are going to wait till they are absolutely sure it is working rather than say, ‘The war is over.’ “ If the top kill fails, the company may try to use another giant steel contraption known as a containment dome to trap the spewing oil.
Sugar is an issue, though.
“One of the cardinals here, Cardinal Kaspar, used to be his Vatican-room neighbor, and Kaspar says proudly that every day, he heard the piano coming through the wall and never complained.
A key facilitator of the deal has been Mr. Brown, a lobbyist who once negotiated with Indian tribes on behalf of former Governor Cuomo’s administration.
Also, a bullet to the head will stop one cold.
He then made a third video, similar to the first.
Ziegel, the longtime New York journalist, and my friend, who died on July 23 , remained a lonely voice in a city of Brooklyn Dodgers schmaltz and Mets mood swings and Yankees triumphalism.
The outside hitter Julianna Klein, a fifth-year senior who had decisive kills in the third and fifth games of the upset of Northern Iowa, said that Kreklow stepped right in.
In one situation, to simulate stress, he subjected the woman to a mild electric shock.
To retain his post, he will have to cobble together a postelection coalition among parties whose leaders seem able to unite only in the desire to elect a new leader.
His rise to power during the cold war years was accompanied by intense speculation by outside analysts about his leadership ability and personal quirks.
After 9 p.m., the snug room fills with a pleasant mix of food followers and locals, which means that by 9:30, Mr. Marchesi-Grandi’s one-man band is in thrash mode.
Awesome Feather outlasted R Heat Lightning in the $2 million race and was 6 for 6 as a 2-year-old.
Suzanne S. Espenshade Langhorne, Pa., March 1, 2010
The other pieces were led by Tatsuya Shimono , a young, highly skilled Japanese conductor.
The biggest difference for Americans who have employer-based insurance is the security of knowing that, starting in 2014, if they lose their job and have to buy their own policy, they cannot be denied coverage or charged high rates because of pre-existing conditions.
But states, which unlike the federal government must balance their budgets, avoided even harsher cuts because of nearly $135 billion in stimulus grants from Washington.
“I used to let people put their money in a basket and make their own change, but then I went to a lockbox,” said Denise Cerreta, the cafe’s founder.
The event began in a comparatively sedate fashion, with the audience seated on the steps in front of Alice Tully Hall, as the ensemble entered from 65th Street and paraded up and down the triangular staircase on the corner of the plaza.
Over the last few years, buyers have been lured into the troubled housing market by two unusual opportunities: cash subsidies in the form of government tax credits, and rock-bottom prices on millions of foreclosed homes.
Last fall, Paragallo sent McAfee 4 stallions and 10 mares that were among the 177 mistreated horses at his Center Brook Farm in Climax, N.Y., about 20 miles south of Albany.
But at least one traditionalist believes that no harm can come to a classic from a production as thoughtful and thought-provoking as this one.
“Search services are part of the fundamental infrastructure of a networked society,” the petition said.
But this stranger doesn’t have a beard, and he sits rather than stands.
A spokesman for the Senate committee, however, said Wednesday that the updates did not change the substance of the report.
Now, Mayor Antonio R. Villaraigosa of Los Angeles has sent a letter to Mayor Phil Gordon of Phoenix, cracking wise over the law with a suggestion that Phoenix Suns star Steve Nash, originally from Canada, may end up in Los Angeles if “he forgets to carry his passport.” He then proposed that if the Lakers lose, Los Angeles will accept Sheriff Joe Arpaio of Maricopa County, who has faced litigation over allegations of racial profiling in a series of crime sweeps in metropolitan Phoenix.
Mr. Eisman, whose early awareness of structural problems in the housing market is described in Michael Lewis’s bestseller “The Big Short,” said the for-profit education industry, like the subprime mortgage industry, has rested on the proliferation of loans to low-income people who would not be able to repay them.
“I often recommend they hire a great entertainment attorney so it doesn’t feel like they’re dealing with alien culture.
Walter is remembered by family, friends and professionals for his caring and personable demeanor.
I spent the day wandering San Juan’s narrow streets, taking in the tiled churches and Sandinista murals, and stopping for garlic shrimp at a thatch-roofed cafe.
And she begins to feel that there’s more than her own safety at stake here, and that she needs to get away for the baby’s sake.
On wholesome childhood delights and, of course, the integrity of the family.
“It’s a question that our security organization can bring and prepare the answer.” Asked if he had confidence in NATO, Mr. Karzai said he was grateful for the help and said the partnership was “working very, very well.” But he did not answer the question.
You don’t need much sleep, I take it.
However, the Mexican captain, Rafael Marquez, who recently left Barcelona to play out his time for the New York Red Bulls, rightly described the night as “more of a party than a game.” And sure enough, this midsummer, high-altitude party to which the Spaniards were summoned off the beaches, ended amicably when David Silva scored the equalizer in the last seconds of second-half injury time.
And many view therapy as a last resort - something only desperate couples need.
Nicholas Hall, of Christie’s old master paintings department in New York, took the winning bid for an unidentified buyer.
“The court empathizes with the union members laid off as a result of the M.T.A.’s service cuts,” Justice Anil C. Singh wrote in his decision.
John Vasconcellos, a California state senator who was a leading advocate for medical marijuana legislation there, said lawmakers had not anticipated such a collision of state and federal law in employment practices.
NEW HAVEN Channel 1 “Teaessare Can Read,” illustrations by T. S. Rogers.
He and Ms. Haisten walked in as the barbecue was under way, after they saw the “Vacancy” sign out front.
“Most people here identify themselves as Taliban.” “We have to readjust our thinking so we’re not trying to chase the Taliban out of Marja, we’re trying to chase the enemy out,” he said.
There is no secret, nothing special.
Roddy White chased Clements down the sideline and knocked the ball out as he tackled him from behind at the Atlanta 7.
If not for this, I would have gone to Europe far more frequently.
They’ll always want to fix an old bus rather than find the money to buy a new one.
In a private family home, I am not sure whether it makes sense.
The arrangement with Mr. Sussman “may have been designed to mislead a number of observers, from the tax authorities to the S.E.C.
Regarding Linda Greenhouse’s “A new police state” (Views, April 28): The appalling new Arizona immigration law is not only directed against illegal immigrants.
“If you want to know why they were picking up the phone, it’s because of that.” All of this matters very much if Mr. Barbour ultimately decides to run for president.
Several major Internet portals, including QQ and Sina, home to China’s most popular microblog platform so far, along with the Web arm of People’s Daily, said their Twitter-style services were in “testing mode” this week.
Because they do not want to be seen as impeding a federal investigation, the Yankees and Major League Baseball will probably wait until after Rodriguez meets with the authorities before questioning him.
And on a knoll perched over Memorial Stadium — known as Tightwad Hill for fans considered too cheap to buy tickets — the fans watching the game are known to produce plumes of marijuana smoke.
What if the American team loses the Ryder Cup?
But tasteful holiday décor and working fireplaces in the dining rooms on a snow-dusted evening produced exactly the right feel for a New England holiday meal.
As she leads Self into its fourth decade, Ms. Danziger may not have the luxury of moving at a leisurely pace.
It arrived in an atmosphere of hostility.
The lure here is the numerous outdoor cafes that are kept warm by heaters lining the streets, mostof them filling up with patrons as the night grows late.
With primaries seeming little more than formalities, the general election has already begun.
The security cameras with ''riot-proof'' protective shells will be monitored by the police at more than 4,000 public locations, including on city streets and buses and in schools and shopping malls, a city government spokesman, Ma Xinchun, said Friday.
On Friday, he laid out plans for Spain to host around 350 meetings, including eight European Union summit meetings on Spanish soil.
I’m experiencing this challenge,” and it’s been tremendously important to me.
The company says its high share of searches does not equate to a position of dominance on the Internet because of the rise of companies like Facebook and Twitter , which, like search, also serve as a source of links to other Web sites.
Though Bronzeville is unlikely to reclaim its golden era, developers like Keith Giles see the potential for new growth, only he does not expect to reach it any time soon.
With the added fees, rare is the fine is less than $100.
“All my hopes are related to the poppy harvest.” Muhammad Nabi, 52, a tribal elder, said: “It’s better if they don’t destroy the crops this year.
“I love the Ryder Cup because of everything, the passion of the players and the fans, it is amazing,” Jiménez said.
Contact Harrison Funeral Home, Harrison, NY (914) 835-0284 for details for viewing and Mass of Christian Burial.
“Reasonable salaries, housing, health insurance, the bare minimum to live.
It was the same quintet as on his stoutly effective new album, “Men of Honor” (HighNote), and on the one before that, “November” (MaxJazz).
“I’m proud of myself for that,” she said.
It is also delicious mixed with mashed potatoes.
And in the 2007-8 season Valery Gergiev conducted the London Symphony Orchestra in all the symphonies in London, performances that have mostly appeared on CDs from LSO Live .
Including debt, the Air Products’ offer is valued at about $7 billion.
Unlike the artists who executed elaborately drawn and colored tableaux decades ago, younger outlaws have little chance to develop into accomplished painters.
1 Duke in 1986 before falling, 85-78.
He paid a few hundred thousand dollars for the collection in 2008 at a Rossi & Rossi gallery show in New York.
Shortly after moving to New York in 1943 — within two days of his arrival, he later recalled — he began working with the tenor saxophonist Ben Webster at the Three Deuces on 52nd Street, and he remained a fixture on that celebrated nightclub row for many years.
The nonlinear structure allows Machart to compress his tale by dispensing with the connective tissue of a straight chronology.
While small caps were up nearly 4 percent, annualized, from 2000 to the end of 2009, and mid-caps rose more than 6 percent, annualized, the large-cap Standard & Poor’s 500 lost about 1 percent.
The vast, pristine stretch of coastline here is almost deserted, save for fishermen hauling their bountiful catches onto white-sand beaches.
It also argues for fixing immigration, so that when the economy roars to life again, we will be ready to handle a new influx that is lawful, orderly and above-ground.
But he has played only four games.
Human rights groups have reported that the army committed extreme violence to seize control of the fields, then ran diamond-smuggling syndicates from there.
“We just had a lot of extreme weather that maybe didn’t make the national news but caused serious disruptions,” said W. Craig Fugate, administrator of the Federal Emergency Management Agency, which has established a near-permanent presence in the state this year.
Almost 90 years young, Doris passed away October 15th surrounded by loved ones.
He said that dollar stores were part of the challenge.
The goal of the insurgents, he said, is to “further erode confidence” in the Iraqi government and Iraqi forces “by trying to portray them as weak.” But in an interview, Mr. Biden played down the risk of a fresh round of violence, saying that the Iraqi military was holding its own and that it had taken the insurgents of Al Qaeda in Mesopotamia months to organize recent attacks.
Her mother, also retired, was a reading specialist for the New York City Board of Education.
There he was, fresh from his arrest the day before on charges of burning down a nearby shoeshine stand — twice .
Funeral 12 noon, December 30, Gutterman's Funeral Home, Woodbury, Long Island.
To the Editor: In “ Cows on Drugs ” (Op-Ed, April 18), Donald Kennedy states that giving antibiotics to large numbers of animals raised for food leads to antibiotic resistance in humans.
He owns a home in Syosset, New York, valued at $1.57 million last year, and he paid more than $26,000 in local taxes, according to records for Nassau County, which had the second-highest U.S. real-estate levies in 2008, according to the Washington-based Tax Foundation.
Brother-in-law Dr. Burt D'Lugoff of Maryland.
The most original aspect of “A Year Ago in Winter” is the healing role played by art and the artist.
Nicholas Chiaia, one of the paper’s two-member board, said in a statement on Thursday that the company had “recently entered into discussions with a number of parties interested in either purchasing or partnering with The Washington Times.” The discussions, he said, are “part of a strategic effort to ensure that the newspaper remains sustainable.” The sale was first reported by The Washington Post, which also reported that John Solomon, who resigned as the paper’s executive editor late last year, is one of several potential buyers.
In January, her mango masala panini (made with spiced chickpeas, roasted-cauliflower curry and mango chutney) won a sandwich competition in Brentwood, Calif., beating out panini made with animal products like spiced pork loin, ham and Gruyere cheese.
But he congratulated his counterpart, Wade Davis, who allowed a leadoff single to Derek Jeter, a two-run homer to the next hitter, Nick Swisher — “That must have really upset him or something,” Swisher said — and little else over seven sparkling innings.
The Penguins missed an opportunity to take a 3-point lead in the Atlantic Division over the idle Devils, losing to a team they had beaten in five of their previous six games.
The raids have turned into a potent tool to muzzle opposition voices, and private lawyers retained by Microsoft have often bolstered the accusations, asserting that the company was a victim and calling for criminal charges.
Last week, he nominated as education commissioner Bret D. Schundler, the former Jersey City mayor, an advocate for school choice.
There aren’t Jewish institutions in Fort Greene or very close by.
And you don't have to pay $40 or $55 a dozen to do this comparison testing.
The government should not censor speech without a really good reason, and people should be allowed to make up their own minds about what they see and hear.
Scientists have long known that carbon dioxide traps heat at the surface of the planet.
Sorting through many “Rashomon”-like accounts of the Battle of Little Bighorn, Mr. Philbrick does a powerful job of conjuring the fog of war that enveloped Custer and his men, while acknowledging that his account of exactly what happened is “necessarily speculative.” Along the way he offers a familiar assortment of reasons for Custer’s doomed decision to lead several hundred men into battle against a group of Indians that numbered in the thousands: from his desire to hog the limelight (and do so quickly, so that he might lift his political prospects back East or at least the success of a planned lecture tour) to his acrimonious relationships with other officers, to his preoccupation with taking Indian hostages.
But when it comes to creating strategies, general brainstorming or generating new business, a trip is better, he said.
In the 57th minute, Dempsey hit the right goal post, then hastily — too hastily — pounced on the rebound, sending it wildly wide.
But with the Champions League starting Tuesday, with a home match against Panathinaikos just two training sessions ahead, the real Barcelona has to find its feet.
No matter what mistake he had committed, he should not have flown off it.
He has a degree in international relations from Athens University and a master’s in international development from the University of Cambridge in England , and is scheduled to return to Cambridge soon to start work on a doctorate in sociology.
This is who I met with.” That led to a series of meetings between Mr. Hampton and Mr. Andrews about consulting work.
After nine hours of assertive New York City hip-hop, Snoop Dogg’s set was a dose of California cool; half the audience drifted away.
And I think the notion of all hotel rooms being the same is really a misnomer — it’s democratic but not identical.
The success of those series helped push Tapulous into profitability and amass more than 30 million users, according to the company.
Revenue declined 9 percent to $15.57 billion from $17.15 billion.
Ms. Loden got the inspiration for “Wanda” from a newspaper article about a woman who was convicted of being an accomplice in a bank robbery and who, when the judge sentenced her to 20 years in prison, thanked him.
It’s not going to sit there — if it’s properly priced.” Here’s a taste of what you can get for $500,000 in each of the five boroughs, starting with Manhattan.
Sompong Jitradub, a lecturer in education at Chulalongkorn University, echoes a widely heard lament here that Thailand is falling behind other countries in the region.
“I’m concerned it would create an incentive for schools to discriminate.” David Bergeron, a Department of Education official who oversaw the development and analysis of the proposal, said he had already received more than 26,000 public comments with a wide range of viewpoints — far more than any other proposed rule change in higher education has ever drawn.
His claim about the Pakistani national could not be verified independently.
Also, some Cadillacs are receiving an extended warranty on their catalytic converters.
“I have to tell him, ‘Don’t do any more triple axels,’ because he’ll do 50.
$8 general admission, $6 seniors, $5 children 6 to 12.
will elicit a good-faith response?
But along the way, he has battled with tenant groups at Independence Plaza in Manhattan, Meadow Manor in Flushing, Queens, and Castleton Park on Staten Island.
The partnerships assist both ABC and CBS, which do not have cable news outlets.
“He shows his teeth, a snarl, and I see blood.
I went to a girls’ school, Smith, and every single room you went into, there was that cover of her with the cat and the jeans.” Nor is the impact of their songs exclusively confined to their demographic.
Prosecutors, defense lawyers and a spokeswoman for the Office of Military Commissions did not respond to phone calls or declined to comment.
But the door, it seems, has remained closed.
But the attitude adjustment isn’t yet reflected in other indicators like consumer spending, home prices and the unemployment rate, which is hovering around 10 percent.
A khaki coat, set off with a mock leopard print scarf, suggests a belligerent state of fashion mind.
That was the strongest result since the group began tracking the figures in 2000.
Mr. Ilyumzhinov has said he met with extraterrestrials in yellow suits at his Moscow apartment and that chess comes from outer space.
So they spurned Selig’s power play — and await his next salvo.
That would improve nutrition for children while boosting Revolution Foods’ bottom line.
“It’s a great opportunity for countries to dispel old myths or create new ones,” he added.
I’ve been putting a lot of pressure on myself since getting the No.
PAASWELL BAILINSON--Jean, passed away on January 31, at home in New York after a brief illness.
Even in the emerging nations of soccer, there are expectations.
Nor do his accounts contain many insights on foreign lands or people.
Mr. Schwarzenegger issued an executive order requiring state workers to take three unpaid days off per month starting in August.
A parking garage and a flyspeck of green space surround it like a moat.
Plus a Gulf Coast Restoration Plan, an oil spill study commission, a reminder that the secretary of energy won a Nobel Prize in physics and 17 references to God, prayer, blessings or faith.
But Mr. Lynn’s article was the first official confirmation.
Mr. Tipton, a small-business owner from southwest Colorado who is backed by Tea Party groups, said he thought the era of the Salazars’ tag-teaming, each brother benefiting the other’s voter base, was over no matter what.
Only minutes before the blowout, the drill shack had seemed to sense trouble.
“Oh, look at that, look at that root right there,” he said.
An American truck accidentally knocked down a power line.
All kinds of issues are still in play, from how to cover abortion to whether to tax high-cost health plans.
“I believe he’s got a sincere desire to make the right changes, but I don’t know if he’s in touch enough to understand how deep the changes need to go,” Ms. Kreamer said.
Opened eight years ago, the club is thought to be the only completely organic golf course in the United States , its 18 holes groomed without the use of a single synthetic pesticide, fertilizer, herbicide or other artificial chemical treatment.
Conducting from the keyboard (the norm in Mozart’s time) “creates a wonderful sense of intimacy between the soloists and orchestra,” Mr. Kahane says in a Philharmonic podcast.
Sites devoted to daily deals are proliferating.
“Then he planned to start charging them.”
It shows Mr. Pearlstein mixing his love of Neo-Classicism almost grudgingly with Jackson Pollock’s all-over surfaces.
The exterior is pink-and-white stucco.
This fall season could be a fashion turning point -- a recognition of the journey women have taken over the last century.
By the time they are 85, they are even more satisfied with themselves than they were at 18.
“It wasn’t that tough,” Douglas said of his extended apprenticeship.
As at many Asian restaurants, Red Bean’s menu lists a number of lively sauces, like eggplant garlic, Thai mango and black bean, that can be combined with your choice of a main ingredient — usually chicken, beef, pork or tofu.
“The Secret Service is paying close attention to information we receive from the intelligence community at the local, state and national level,” said Ed Donovan, an agency spokesman.
But after the way the Spanish ensnared Germany the other night, I think it is their World Cup.
Today, while women buy 70 percent to 80 percent of Nuvo, when it comes to actual consumption, it is slightly more popular with men, who account for 52 percent of Nuvo drinkers.
After the series presentations leading up to the speed pitches, Eric Salzwedel, 22, of Columbia, Wis., said, “Every single presenter and catcher gave me a great idea for helping our organization grow.” His group, Project Volunteers, hopes to promote volunteerism throughout the country.
Passion is never less than tempestuous in the music of Ely Guerra, the Mexican songwriter who performed at Le Poisson Rouge on Friday night as part of the Celebrate Mexico Now festival, which this year marks Mexico’s bicentennial.
Richard L. Needham, the director of Google’s green business operations group, called the plan “innovative and audacious.” “It is an opportunity to kick-start this industry and, long term, provide a way for the mid-Atlantic states to meet their renewable energy goals,” he said.
Steven’s hair’s-breadth escapes from the police and from prison are Keystone Kops-worthy escapades that involve only a modicum of suspense.
“In that sense I think Téa helped me, because she is in a world where the most outrageous surprise is as ordinary as breathing.” Indeed, none of her fellow soap actors seemed fazed to see her back during a recent visit to the set.
The margin of victory that was certified is smaller than the electoral college itself, with its 538 electors.
At a minimum, a little change like this could get riders through turnstiles more quickly — without having to stop at a vending machine to transfer money from credit card to MetroCard, and without having to endlessly “swipe again at this turnstile.” Fewer vending machines and fewer cash transactions to process could cut the 15 cents per dollar it costs the Metropolitan Transportation Authority to collect its fares.
A compilation of short films directed by Apichatpong Weerasethakul (“A Letter to Uncle Boonmee”), Tsai Ming-Liang (“Madam Butterfly”), Jia Zhangke (“Cry Me a River”) and Hong Sang-soo (“Lost in the Mountains”).
His father, Rajmund, an engineer, and his mother, Jadwiga, who studied linguistics, had been active in the Polish resistance against the Nazis.
They’re trying to hit that balance,” Ms. Shah said.
“But people are still finding out about our band every day.
Natalie Ravitz, a spokeswoman for the city Department of Education, said in an e-mail Saturday that Mr. Jackson’s opposition was not surprising.
Bouchon: 6534 Washington Street; Yountville; (707) 944-8037; bouchonbistro.com; entrees $17 to $34.
A special grand jury can afford prosecutors more time to present a case and help them avoid the pressure of making a unilateral decision of whether to charge a defendant in a complicated and confusing case.
Gonzalez established dummy companies in Europe, and to collect payment and launder money he opened e-gold and WebMoney accounts, which were not strictly regulated (e-gold has since gone out of business).
PHOTO: In the stillness and the chill of early morning, a commuter, newspaper in hand, waited for the No.
“Seiji and I talked the issue through,” he said.
Prince, like so many others on Wall Street, to take on so much risk.
While few expect a decision that would reverse the Irish and Greek interventions, the challenge is a blunt reminder that Germany, the European nation with the deepest pockets, remains deeply divided over the merits of the single currency and that further financial rescues could face many obstacles, both political and legal.
The dichotomy is captured in Francis Crick’s scolding of Stephen Jay Gould: “The trouble with you evolutionary biologists is that you are always asking ‘why’ before you understand ‘how.’ ” As Weiner describes it, the inspiration for de Grey’s scientific quest for immortality came in a flash one sleepless night: “The evolutionary theory of aging predicts chaos.
Her father, James, ran a food company.
The study presented here involved 991 women who had had lumpectomies, radiation therapy and a positive sentinel lymph node .
The accounting board wants those places to show the missing amounts on their balance sheets — not hide them in footnotes.
Leo Trottier San Diego To the Editor: It appears that my sons’ public school was ahead of the curve when it adopted a “spiral” method of teaching math: review several different concepts in one grade, circle back to the same concepts in more depth next year, then more depth the following year and so on.
All these complications come as Congress wrestles over whether to extend the Bush tax cuts and as the number of wealthy Americans who are dying and leaving significant charitable bequests is smaller because of the low birthrate in the Depression era.
His concerns with “Night Music” had to do with the darkness of some lighting arrangements and some diction in need of sharpening.
Hours: Tuesdays through Saturdays, 10 a.m. to 5 p.m.; Sundays, 1 to 5 p.m. Bruce Museum, 1 Museum Drive.
Study time now takes place in a group setting at the dinner table after everyone has finished eating.
According to this line of thinking, the sinking of the South Korean ship was intended to create an atmosphere of crisis that would serve Mr. Kim’s purposes, both by rallying public support and winning the crucial backing of the military.
“This went on for years, but our timing was off.” Then two years ago, when each was commitment-free, Dr. Rabkin flew from Auckland to interview for a fellowship in heart and lung transplants at the University of California, Los Angeles, and to see Ms. Hess.
Unfortunately, the Bible, which frequently uses God’s power over earth and seas as the sign of his majesty and intervening power, supports the first view; and the history of humanity’s lonely suffering decisively suggests the second.
New Jersey, alas, also had a very real connection to Hitler; the German American Bund, a pro-Nazi group, had a strong presence in the state.
The sequencing of how they played the rounds was varied; not everyone played with a golf cart first, then with a caddie and so on.
Giuseppe Taddei, a distinguished Italian baritone who made his Metropolitan Opera debut to glowing notices in 1985 at the astonishing age of 69 (though he would gladly have sung there decades earlier, he said, if only the Met had asked him nicely), died on Wednesday at his home in Rome.
“That’s a lot of time on the road,” he said.
John Henry, the principal owner of N.E.S.V., was seen entering the meeting to approve the sale of the team, according to news media reports.
The comparable figure for the Dutch is about 2,200, most of them living in Manhattan but with a sizable group settling in Breuckelen, er, Brooklyn.
Mr. Maude-Roxby, who had evidently assumed the role of Dad, mumbled a protest.
The country’s passionate rugby fan base is prone to mood swings.
(The Hawaiian performance was also carried by an especially strong male singer, a baritone chanting with constant rhythmic vitality.)
Wheelchair accessible via an elevator on the ground floor.
When he suggests to his wily captive that he is a noble idealist stealing from the rich, the old man retorts: “A revolutionary would have put a bullet through my head without even asking for a cent.
At the time of his death, he was engaged in documenting women activists who changed America.
Of course, there will be a U.S. company here or there that will benefit should the renminbi’s value rise by 20 percent.
Liverpool versus Everton on Saturday began with literally a foul a minute.
Seeking evidence that life could follow a different biochemical path than what is normally assumed, Dr. Wolfe-Simon grew them in an arsenic-rich and phosphorus-free environment, reporting in the paper and a NASA news conference on Dec. 2 that the bacterium, strain GFAJ-1 of the Halomonadaceae family of Gammaproteobacteria, had substituted arsenic for phosphorus in many important molecules in its body, including DNA.
“I’ll sell them all, they can look at it, and then when the horses still break down at Penn, they’ll know what the problem is.” Penn National has long been considered a minor league track, but the introduction of slot machines has allowed it to drastically increase the size of purses and also improve the quality of its races.
Two months before 9/11, Comedy Central aired an episode of “South Park” entitled “Super Best Friends,” in which the cartoon show’s foul-mouthed urchins sought assistance from an unusual team of superheroes.
Mortgages should be made less attractive.
“Carl doesn’t worry about what people around the table think about him.
The transition couldn’t be much smoother.
His 2005 book, “Prescription for a Healthy Nation,” which he wrote with Dr. Deborah A. Cohen, senior natural scientist at the Rand Corporation, foreshadowed his hair-shirt approach to public health in New York.
The bridegroom, 39, graduated from Le Moyne College in Syracuse.
We play Texas baseball, and that’s it.
Instead of the sometimes tedious process of clicking through content categories, one by one, and slowly penetrating the online Times, the reader can browse the most e-mailed and access an eclectic, unpredictable version of Times journalism.
“It’s important to get disclosure of the first resort,” says Mr. Corrado, who is less enthusiastic about some of the nondisclosure provisions in the Van Hollen-Schumer proposal.
No dessert follows it, though, because it is a tick of the restaurant’s that no dessert is served.
The Best of Photography list is a sharp collection of 29 eye-catching feeds, but Tech News People is a pile of 499 journalists for you to sort through.
With the Three Little Pigs and the Secrets of a Popup Book app for the iPad ($7 ), when you touch a button you see the book’s mechanical guts.
A guide to cultural and recreational goings-on in and around Nassau and Suffolk Counties this week.
Ms. Ha is an almost accidental champion.
In a last-ditch attempt to save the day, Peter Martins, the New York company’s ballet master in chief, telephoned Valery Gergiev, the director of the Kirov.
In “President Lyndon Johnson and His Dog ‘Him’ ” and “President Richard Nixon and Checkers,” his pairings of humans and dogs celebrate one over the other (guess who comes out on top?).
The festival’s grand prizes are determined solely by audiences’ votes.
She told me she also suspected that it would pair well with caramelized pork, although she hadn’t tried it herself.
He scored four times — goals of predatory nature and of wonderfully relaxed, almost casual, long-range shooting.
An agreement with the Justice Department, under which UBS would disclose names and account details for at least 4,450 wealthy Americans suspected of tax evasion, was recently thrown into doubt after a Swiss court declared large parts of it illegal.
And with the news that Mike Martz will become the Bears’ new offensive coordinator comes the realization that Jay Cutler could have a bruising season ahead.
Ms. Troller said she was particularly concerned about 120 minors, including 9 girls from Eritrea and Iraq, held in Filakio, which the police told her had been damaged by rioting the day before.
On election night, she writes, you are to wear “the look of radiant relief at victory or brave composure at defeat.” And the second half of this volume is filled with the sort of spin and canned platitudes common in political autobiographies.
It did not go well, he said.
But he has become one of the loudest media voices on behalf of gulf residents, reprising a role he played in the wake of Hurricane Katrina .
Ingate took off his jacket to reveal the crew shirt from 1977 whose back was inscribed, “Daughters of America, Lock Up Your Mothers,” prompting Gary Jobson, who sailed with Turner in 1977, to quip, “Perhaps now it should read, ‘Daughters of America, Lock Up Your Grandmothers.’ ” Jobson drew applause when he proposed returning the America’s Cup competition to 12 meters and volunteer crews.
MTV’s music Web sites now have more than 60 million unique monthly visitors.
Prices range from about $30 for Kangols - "the bread and butter" of the shop, said the owner, Eric Bullen - to $225 for the fancier hats.
The National Transportation Safety Board was investigating why no distress call was recorded from the small tourist boat when it encountered mechanical difficulties on the water minutes before it was struck by the passing barge.
Like other community leaders, Mr. Nadery complained that the two election commissions have not identified those accused of irregularities or criminal conduct, nor has the attorney general divulged the identities of the 413.
And no one seemed to have as much fun calling N.B.A.
“And in the end it does fit, so that was a joyous thing,” Miss Mason said.
Gallagher is survived by his wife of 42 years, Elizabeth (Scully); his daughter, Laura Gallagher McLean, of Manhattan; and his son, Gregory, of Brooklyn.
SCRAMBLE ON TV The rain at the Ryder Cup not only disrupted the matches, but also the television schedule.
The school’s approach, while impressive in its attention to detail, starts with a simple formula: “Teach, assess, teach, assess,” said Jack Spatola, its principal since 1984.
When Hovnanian put solar technology on its list of options at its Jockey Club age-restricted development in Oceanport, he said, “We found people didn’t really understand it.” Buyers were generally interested in sustainable construction, Mr. Fenichel said.
For the Nets, every defeat nudges them closer to the infamous 9-73 record compiled by the Philadelphia 76ers in 1972-73.
People familiar with his ways said he would see no harm in feting a newly elected fellow president.
These include the finance arm, Ford Motor Credit, with an $11 billion book value; a stake in Mazda of Japan; the $2 billion analysts expect Ford to get from a sale of Volvo to Geely of China; and the company’s cash pile.
And in a decision that has drawn criticism from even the top Senate Republican on foreign policy, other leading Republicans say they will not back a nuclear nonproliferation treaty that seemed headed toward approval.
I cannot imagine why this task took 50 minutes.
After that, sheaves of paper-thin cashmere sweaters in terrific, almost fragrant colors from icy yellow to fuchsia, in three styles: crew neck ($990), V-neck ($990) and the loathsome zip-neck ($1,225), a casual-Friday scourge.
Officers said the superintendent, Jody Weis, had endangered them by pulling officers out of patrol cars and off their beats and putting them in expanded units, like the gang enforcement unit.
And Steinbrenner seems more serious about payroll guidelines than his father.
The next half hour is tense, as doctors lay out the risks.
Data was stored in data bases, and the clever business intelligence software was sent in to probe the data bases for answers.
Then Jayapaul and I made for the entrance and bargained with one of the guides who lead pilgrims through the baths.
The idea behind the lending strategy is this: Mr. Rado, who is preapproved for a 30-year fixed mortgage at about 4.75 percent from a commercial lender, will get at least as favorable a rate from his parents along with lower closing costs.
But others contend that most of the movement in yields was a result of changes in real yields, and there was little pick-up in inflation expectations, at least in short-term bonds.
We were ogling leathery baubles and fondling silvery chinchillas when, to my surprise, the owner herself, Randi Jacobson, emerged from a door in the wall, looking a bit like an “Avengers”-era Diana Rigg with a deep St.-Tropez tan.
Doctors determined he would not need surgery for that injury to heal.
Larger funds that manage pots of cash separate from their main funds have been lumped in with the banks.
In considering how Gehrig’s disease could be pinpointed, Dr. McKee of the Boston University group said that if Gehrig had been embalmed, rather than cremated, she theoretically could examine remaining tissue.
“You picked them up, right?” she said.
“After the fifth, I go, ‘Oh my goodness.’ Not that you don’t play hard, but if a ball’s hit right to me, I’m catching it no matter what.” With two outs in the bottom of the sixth, Jason Bartlett tested Teixeira, ripping a sinking liner to his right.
It was not at all clear that Dr. ElBaradei would agree to run, and if he did, whether he would be able to.
Among Jews, it has been awaited for a good many centuries.
Washington nearly pulled off an upset at home without Wall, who missed his third straight game with tendinitis in his right knee, and without Arenas, who was traded to Orlando earlier in the day.
“I was just trying to find holes so I could breathe,” said Thomas, a senior from New Orleans whose 11 points included the Racers’ last two baskets.
Last weekend, when observant Jews were mandated to hear several Torah verses about the ancient foe of Amalek, congregations across the Northeast scrambled to add afternoon readings so parents could take turns attending.
Minnesota has lost 12 of 14.
I have a search alert on Adopt-a-Pet , and on Sunday night I review all the candidates for adoption.
One motif of the documentary involves trips to the Tulane Medical Center with a 63-year-old Mr. Stallone, who endured injuries including a neck fracture while filming “The Expendables.” On camera, Mr. Stallone shrugs off a doctor who advises him to leave the production to get further treatment.
For Takahashi, the native language of his closest teammates, the ones he has spent the most time with during games, is not English, but Spanish.
Mr. Cavanaugh said he hoped that the matter could be resolved without legal action, but he did not rule out the possibility of litigation.
“You can fill the Garden and they do a good job of getting V.I.P.’s,” he said, “but today you could feel the excitement all over the city.” The Knicks have not reached the N.B.A.
“Requirements have been imposed that make no sense in terms of prior jurisprudence and are impossible to interpret.” Some federal appeals courts have taken the same view.
“We intend to take as much time as we need to find a worthy successor to Gerry,” Mr. Keller said.
Gerald W. Heaney, a Midwestern federal appeals court judge who over 40 years on the bench played a central role in major school desegregation cases and championed the rights of the accused, died Tuesday in Duluth, Minn.
Porcelain vessels with imperial reign marks indicating that they were intended for palatial use fascinate the new buyers thirsting for prestige symbols.
She had no place in the colonial caste system of her adopted country.
Men disdain cooking and laundry as women’s work, so when they work far from home, as many do here, they often pay a local woman to do both, and sleep with her.
When the agent showed up at the appointed time with the check and a locksmith to rekey the doors, the couple was still carrying things out to their battered Ford Windstar: a big-screen TV, a huge teddy bear, a steaming pot of beef stew for the evening meal.
It will only happen when they want it to.
The Iranian president, Mahmoud Ahmadinejad, says Iran’s nuclear program is for peaceful purposes.
Children with this condition often have severe nosebleeds that will not stop, and they can bleed dangerously after a routine tonsillectomy .
He cherished and adored his daughter Serena beyond all limits of love.
The students were held in custody until they could make their bond payments, which ranged from $30,000 to $75,000, for Mr. David.
Col. Tom Collins, an Army spokesman, said the remarks were “not appropriate.” Mr. Graham, who was expected to be the lead speaker at the May 6 Pentagon service, said he regretted that the Army felt its decision was necessary.
There is no need to wait.
And it would reaffirm that Russia’s statement against missile defense made at the signing of New Start in April imposed no legal obligation on the United States.
It has sold about 15,000 Lexus HS250h cars and 7,700 Sais since those models went on sale last year.
He has slogged through drills.
She graduated from Drew University and received a master’s degree in teaching from Montclair State University.
It is possible to take Ms. Stern very seriously indeed, though, and to consider “Denial” a profound human document without considering it a profound literary one.
Behind the carnage, like a forbidding sentinel, stood the artillery-blasted ruins of the old royal palace at Darulaman, another monument to the Soviet disaster.
“Farewell,” meanwhile, is a fact-based story about a pivotal moment in the unraveling of the Soviet Union.
The report also describes the close relationship between Dr. Midei and Abbott Labs, which paid consulting fees to the cardiologist after he left the hospital.
My third suggestion: punchier marketing.
On Wednesday, the commission is scheduled to vote to create a new, publicly accessible database of safety complaints that is intended to make it easier for consumers to learn about problems with a product.
The Adler Planetarium offered pictures from the Hubble Telescope.
But even as students and workers in France clash with the police and block fuel shipments to protest a rise in the retirement age, the debate in Europe is more on how fast to cut government spending rather than whether such reductions are the right thing to do under the circumstances.
“ ‘Get to work,’ I said, approving Hank’s plan in full.
He died not of AIDS, but of worn-out heart and lungs.
Skype’s initial public offering may add a dose of healthy hype to Silicon Valley.
The subjects exposed to a TV screen fared just the same as those facing drywall.
Totti, the aging icon of Roma, has long been a wonderful talent with an unreliable temperament.
One day she strips a piece from her finger as lightly as if she were peeling a banana.
Duraflame accounted for just over half of those sales, with its original log bringing $47 million in revenue and Stax, which was introduced in 2008, posting $2.6 million.
“All the talk where they have to find a domestic partner, and where they have to be the biggest, does not make a lot of sense,” Mr. Boyd said.
Advisers who sit on the other side of the negotiating table say the two are open-minded, pragmatic and tough.
And the Food and Drug Administration says it has not been able to find evidence of an increased risk of the unusual fractures in its analyses, including one of data from makers of bisphosphonates, the osteoporosis drugs.
Over all, the new Taurus gets solid marks for styling, finish and handling.
There may be better beaches for body surfing , but this was on the very high end of swimming and wading spots.
The department says it has recovered 2,695 guns, made 4,757 arrests and handed out more than $1.6 million in reward money.
In 1947, the club’s second year, Mr. Stopol, addressing some now-forgotten university administrator, typed a note stating that “our basic intentions of lifelong camaraderie are certain to become a reality.” That administrator might have smiled at the certainty of the young.
itself because the drug worked in one clinical trial but not in a second.
Pam Allyn Hastings-on-Hudson, N.Y., Oct. 10, 2010 The writer is the author of “What to Read When: The Books and Stories to Read With Your Child — and All the Best Times to Read Them” and the executive director of LitLife, a national organization for teacher training in reading and writing instruction.
In August, the chairman of the Landmarks Preservation Commission , Robert B. Tierney, wrote that an expedited review had found that the buildings were not sufficiently intact to merit landmark status.
Some of those ideas looked newer.
His company’s sites have had a longstanding practice of paying for scoops, and the windfall was tangible.
Simply put, I left wanting to see more — more from modern playwrights like Enda Walsh and Brian Friel, and more from the great bloodline of Wilde and Synge, of O’Casey and Beckett.
“I just got a $60,000 contract to take care of bedbugs in an apartment complex,” Tony Esposito, owner of the Bug Reaper, a pest control company in Katy, Tex., shouted into his cellphone as he drove to investigate another bedbug complaint in nearby Houston.
We’re paying to go to class.” .
But in Kovalchuk, the Devils have, at least for the time being, a 27-year-old superstar entering his prime athletic years.
New power lines are being erected and roads built to the site under the watchful eye of local farmers, who daydream about the entrepreneurial opportunities that as many as 200,000 new workers in the area might present.
Arsenal missed the chance to draw even with Manchester United and Manchester City atop the Premier League.
Brokers: Daniel Gale Sotheby's; Sherlock Homes.
Packing for a winter family trip is so daunting, overwhelming and stressful — goggles, boots, mittens, ChapStick — that many people give up and simply refuse to go away in the winter.
''In preparation for LudoBites 6.0, we disabled this feature and tested the service in our lab by simulating the levels of search volume we expect to see with this highly popular restaurant,'' Ms. Shepherd said.
“I could have gone through rehab and become a productive citizen again instead of being addicted to bird dogs and chasing them all over the United States and Canada.”
Tagliabue called the Big Ten’s evaluation process “very disruptive” and added that it was having a “terrible negative effect” on non-Big Ten leagues, which would depreciate their value.
They have committed more than $100 million to defensive players in the last year.
Duofringeglasses ($276) take a classic aviator frame and replace the “Top Gun”lenses with gold chains that dangle like beaded curtains.
In fact, as much as the Giants need Rolle to be the player who made the Pro Bowl last season for the Arizona Cardinals, they may also need him to be the leader who would organize dinner-and-film sessions each Thursday night with the Arizona defensive backs.
Last Sunday, a frigid winter day, Kathryn Higgins, an associate broker at DJK Residential, accompanied clients to an open house at a prewar co-op in the East 80s.
The House voted to do so in May, but last month the Senate voted not to take up the bill allowing repeal.
The leukemia society wanted a donation?
So you know it’s going to work.” Curling is the rare event ( bobsled is another) in which teams qualify for the Winter Olympics as a fully formed squad, rather than being merely an assemblage of all-stars, as is the case for hockey, skiing, snowboarding , speedskating and most other sports.
He called it ‘intellectually impoverished,’ ” Mr. Devaney said.
His mother took the bus upstate to watch him receive his diploma.
“We have no comment at this time because of the pending litigation,” Mr. Rolater said Friday in an e-mail message.
Their answer is rather specific.
Tim Layden of SI.com does his part in reminding us that Favre returns as the center of the playoff universe, which is why he keeps unretiring, but warns that the spotlight may feature him being hounded by Dallas pass rushers.
I placed a crisp $20 bill in the leatherette folder and waited for change.
Maximizing efficiency under all economic conditions not only promotes profitability, but is also the best way to protect the jobs of our remaining 60,000 employees.
The Council deplored the attack and expressed “deep concern” over the findings of an international investigation that held Pyongyang responsible.
My Keith Richards haircut was a real discourse magnet.
His lover is Dominique Rossi, or Doum, an elegant Corsican who dabbles in journalism and befriends Liz, who in turn introduces him to Will.
Opponents of such legislation said yesterday that they thought the chances for passage of an overhaul remained slim while the country is facing high unemployment.
We know what to do, and after a few games, our teammates know and trust our skills as well.
Seeking to reverse years of environmental degradation and return to their traditional values, many Navajos are calling for a future built instead on solar farms, ecotourism and microbusinesses.
(One exception is ''butchering animals,'' a six-MET activity, according to a bogglingly comprehensive compilation from 2000 of the METs associated with different activities.)
So what does Mr. Obama need to do to shore up his base, woo back independent voters and win a second term?
How They Donated $100 A look at 10 of this year's recipients and how they spent their $100.
Earlier in the day, a Taliban spokesman had claimed that seven fighters had struck at Bagram ’s gates and allowed 30 others to get inside.
Robinson will report to John McHale Jr., who will take over Solomon's title on an interim basis.
Doctors treating Morneau are confident he will resume his career, Smith said.
On Friday, thieves robbed the tavern of about $450, forcing him to reveal the various hiding places for cash.
Kashmiri Hindus, who had once lived comfortably beside Muslim neighbors, fled in droves.
He said he understood that his team, which is dotted with freshmen, redshirt freshmen and first-time starters, had not come together yet.
In a condolence letter that was released to the news media, Chancellor Angela Merkel of Germany called Mr. Wagner an “exceptional director.” By contrast, as The Independent of London reported in 2001, the Bavarian culture minister once called him an “old goat.” Throughout Wolfgang Wagner’s career, there were also lingering public questions about the extent to which he had broken with his family’s Nazi past.
A sign that TAG Heuer is considering additional online models is the December introduction of Tagheuereboutique.com, where the brand sells eyewear, leather goods and accessories directly to consumers.
Some believe that all of the obstacles to global disarmament will somehow fall out of the way now that the U.S. has an enlightened leader.
When the team let its beloved linebacker Scott Fujita leave for Cleveland as a free agent, it showed that while the rest of the country was still swept up in the romanticism of a New Orleans triumph, the Saints had moved on.
Even without a visit to the memorial, Mr. Blumenthal probably knows this.
He still knows who Mr. Rogers is.” Dave Pastorkovich, 49, a remedial-reading specialist from Pittsburgh who is an assistant basketball coach at Carnegie Mellon University here, is also a fan.
“The people cheating the system include bad actors not only at Wall Street firms, but also at Main Street companies,” Mr. Bharara said.
There will also be examples of work he did as a student in Barcelona in the 1890s and as a 19-year-old artist making trips to Paris, where he frequented the Louvre before moving to the city permanently at 23.
Only after thousands of extra troops were in place at the end of August — part of the surge of 30,000 troops President Obama ordered last year — did the operations finally begin producing results.
But Mr. Johns pointed to DC’s strategy for Green Lantern, in which the character has played an increasingly prominent role in the company’s comic-book world in recent years, as an illustration of how its print titles can help spur interest in films and other projects.
Midwifery advocates say these figures support their contention that the majority of Caesarean sections are unnecessary and potentially dangerous.
There’s no way to know.”
Dr. Norman Relkin, director of the memory disorders program at NewYork-Presbyterian/Weill Cornell hospital, said that although the idea was “unquestionably fascinating,” the evidence for it was “a bit tenuous.” As for the link with infections, Dr. Steven T. DeKosky, an Alzheimer’s researcher who is vice president and dean of the University of Virginia School of Medicine, noted that scientists have long looked for evidence linking infections to Alzheimer’s and have come up mostly empty-handed.
“Even if I give parents a referral with what I call an average risk, meaning there are no medical red flags, I find people struggle tremendously,” said Dr. Aronson.
Robyn Dana Hoffman and Jacob Scott Frumkin were married Saturday evening at the Pierre in New York.
As the company’s outgoing artistic director, Judith Jamison , says during Judy Kinberg’s short film celebrating “Revelations” in its 50th year, “You watch that ballet and then you know what it’s like to be human.” (As a friend said, “It’s as if Ailey invented humanity, or something.”) And if, by chance, you don’t fully know, you will by the time you trudge a bit further into the Alvin Ailey company’s vast but narrow repertory .
“They have pushed the country into such an abyss, into such a mess, that they will have to answer for it.” All the while, Mr. Bakiyev offered no hint as to his whereabouts.
We have the need: our roads, our rail lines, our water and sewer systems are antiquated and increasingly inadequate.
For the last two years, though, there was only one fan base that could bellow the familiar chant with conviction.
FOR the last six summers I have been operating a taxi along New York's waterways.
If rescue efforts fail, the accident would be the deadliest since 2007, when 172 miners were killed in the flooding of a mine in eastern Shandong Province.
Chris Moyer, who manages Conserve , the environmental program of the National Restaurant Association, said the number of restaurants and the amount of money invested in going green had steadily risen over the past few years.
That first sailing lift answers the main stress of the music’s theme, that shorter hop its final rhythm, and the way Ms. Tharp places it in space makes it thrilling.
The demand for cellphones, navigation screens and other electronic devices that can be mounted or used inside vehicles isn’t likely to disappear, but some drivers are looking for technology that is at least designed to minimize risks.
She alleged that he had delivered inappropriate care in six cases and had encouraged patients to buy an herbal supplement that he sold on the side.
The Veterans Affairs Department has contracted for a wind turbine generation system to provide 15 percent of the electricity for its hospital in St.
Proponents are saying that their systems are win-win, but that doesn’t reassure me.”
can now portray itself as standing on firmer financial footing in a public stock offering to help it repay taxpayers.
That confidence has been reflected in banking stocks, which have soared 111 percent from their low in March 2009, as measured by the KBW bank index.
Perhaps a U.S. spy put postwar arrangements best: “Whenever we want to subvert any place, we find the British own an island within easy reach.” That was awfully convenient.
And which musical works take us there?
The protests in their broadest terms pit the rural and urban poor against the more affluent middle-class establishment of the capital as Thailand struggles to redefine its political balance of power.
Opponents have argued that the meters inflate electric bills, emit harmful electromagnetic radiation and reflect encroaching Big Brotherism.
$8; seniors and students, $7; members and children under 12, free.
But, coming as it does after a wildly unpopular move by the British government to impose a 50 percent tax on banker bonuses, this new intervention is being considered by some as a final straw of sorts.
Nelson A. Rockefeller of New York, died on Wednesday in Manhattan.
Wen Jiabao, the Chinese premier, is scheduled to attend on Wednesday, the final day of the meeting, which we hope is a good sign.
Using the Skilling case as a precedent, it threw into doubt the conviction of Conrad M. Black, the newspaper baron who controlled The Daily and Sunday Telegraph of London and The Chicago Sun-Times.
“I could not say a single word,” she wrote.
That's the goal of Massivegood, a new fund-raising initiative that allows travelers to make ''micro-contributions'' to global health causes when reserving a plane, hotel or car.
Like any organization, there are people off the grid.
But they chose to schedule her release a week after the country had held a highly controversial election.
His freshman-year address at 8 North Reunion was razed, even though John Fitzgerald Kennedy, a future president, also briefly bunked at Reunion.
Over all, exports of capital goods grew by $2 billion in May, while exports of industrial goods and services expanded by $600 million and consumer goods exports were $300 million.
ALBAN BERG: LYRIC SUITE Nonesuch 9 79696-2; CD This relatively rare foray into the standard repertory comes with an unconventional Kronos twist: An illicit love affair Berg is said to have coded into the score becomes explicit in an arrangement by George Perle, with the soprano Dawn Upshaw giving ravishing voice to an interpolated Baudelaire poem.
The show was created by Ali Hossaini, a biochemist turned philosopher turned television producer turned visual poet, and a pair of video artists and programmers, Blake Shaw and Bruno Levy, a k a Sweatshoppe, who devised the 3-D effects.
His father, who retired from the Navy as a captain, served most recently as the naval attaché at the United States Embassy in Beijing.
Still, BHP has yet to make a compelling strategic case for the deal.
The purchase of Palm could yet make H.P.
There are reasons so many coaches leave after each World Cup.
Kiffin says he has approached the U.S.C.
I don’t quite agree with them; most of it intoxicates me too, though its “Dancing Bear” section strikes me as lame in more than one sense, and the whole work feels two songs too short.
We’re concentrating on tomorrow.” Better to do that than to fret about what happened late Saturday, and whether the Rays might finally be jolted awake.
It was hard not to root for both sides, not to love the personalities.
ANNETTE BENING and JONATHAN TISCH, who were also honored.
But in cricket or baseball, every run scored while batting is balanced in the statistics by a run conceded in the field, so making a change is not as easy.
Three decades ago, the state bore about 80 percent of the cost of running SUNY.
Washington fretted at length about the performance he would give from the balcony of Federal Hall in Lower Manhattan when he became president on April 30, 1789.
They have electronics to monitor air flow so that when a user inhales, the device delivers a vapor with a taste and feel that the distributors say simulates cigarette smoke.
Bitter Moroccan-spiced lamb chops, ordered medium rare, arrived shriveled, though the accompanying grilled pineapple was juicy and refreshing.
Add the remaining ingredients, and process until smooth and creamy.
Many things about America have changed since the late ’70s, but the soundtrack of working-class life, sadly, remains the same.
A few hours later, we reached Goldie River, the 80-foot-wide final barrier on the trail — fortunately only waist-deep as there hadn’t been any recent heavy rains.
The two exchanged words and parted without incident.
Administration officials acknowledge that, as one said, “there are obviously a number of substantial personalities on the team.” But the White House believes that the current lineup can mesh, and that a difficult war demands this much talent.
When this Regina enumerates her wishes for the future, she sits on the floor like a toddler in a playpen, checking out and envying all the other kids’ toys.
“I make this point every time I work with a team,” said Jordet, who was an adviser to the Dutch national team from 2005 to 2008.
The spaghetti was thick and toothsome, made by the expert hands of Nicola’s wife, Nicoletta, who’d sliced it on a chitarra, a guitarlike box of wires that gives the pasta flat, almost crisp edges.
The nation is so wired that it looks as if consumers are now thirsting for anti-energy drinks.
''I consider beauty another form of painting,'' she says.
A simple rule dictates my buying: Be fearful when others are greedy, and be greedy when others are fearful.
“People think I’m like 60 and lying about it,” she says.
That there is nothing particularly new about Ms. Smalls, though, she would be the first to admit.
A second trial involving the four most senior surviving leaders has been expected to follow, after they were formally indicted in September.
That microneighborhood, where dingy “import-export” stores peddle wigs made of 100 percent human hair, is among the last remnants of New York’s once enormous wholesale district.
Admiral Allen said that if the vents were closed too quickly, cold sea water could rush in and form the kind of icy hydrates that doomed a previous attempt to cap the spill.
The specter of violence is also returning, with homicides climbing 16 percent in 2009, possibly affecting Mr. Uribe’s legacy.
Even when doctors and patients do devote time to discussing ways in which medical therapy can be modified to fit within coverage constraints, they do so at the expense of other discussions.
The books he produced from the yearlong journey — “A Time of Gifts” and “Between the Woods and the Water” — are gorgeously rendered classics that have led many to call Mr. Leigh Fermor, now 95, Britain’s greatest living travel writer.
This in itself will never be overlooked.
Their Leaf model will go on sale in the United States and Japan in December, starting at $32,780 in America before government incentives.
Asked how his bank in this steaming town of oil refineries and oversize casinos managed to win over federal regulators, Mr. Spence, 70, said, “I’m still thinking it’s my looks that did it.” The dearth of new banks follows a particularly wrenching period for the industry.
The International Space Station is equipped with two independent cooling systems, or coolant loops, mounted on the lab’s main solar power truss.
After Mayor Michael A. Nutter of Philadelphia declared a snow emergency, the National Football League postponed the Eagles-Vikings game at Lincoln Financial Field, scheduled for 8:20 p.m. Sunday, until Tuesday night.
Meredith started watching the White Sox with me in the summer of 2008, I suspect, as a ploy to stay up later.
“It was one of the most genuine smiles I’d seen in a long time, and a face you just had to smile back at,” Annie observes.
The law calls for creation of an exchange in each state and says only government-approved insurance plans can be sold on the exchange.
They take a hit to their credit ratings, although for three to five years rather than seven after a foreclosure.
Like I have said before, this is not a home-run investment for us.” Also Monday, the board heard a presentation on league revenue, which Daly said was expected to rise according to “very preliminary projections.” The rise could mean an increase in the salary cap by as much as $2 million a team, but that would depend largely on whether the N.H.L.
The box costs so little to make that “we could give it away,” Mr. Perlman said in a talk last year at Columbia.
SUNSETS AND MUSIC SETS Relocated this year to a postcard-worthy spot on Three Mile Harbor, the Boathouse is now one of the few places in East Hampton to enjoy a waterfront dinner as the sun sets.
After watching Novak Djokovic test his limits in victory and then defeat at the United States Open , it would seem prudent for him to spend the rest of this week on a quiet beach with a tropical drink in his right hand in place of a racket.
Can I come?’ ” Uhland said.
His overwhelming support in rural strongholds can be interpreted as a demand for more jobs and better social welfare policies.” Dissatisfaction over Colombia’s social inequalities and resilient corruption during Mr. Uribe’s government had buoyed the candidacy of Mr. Mockus, the former Bogotá mayor, until a series of gaffes derailed his chances.
While Tamer has long been of a religious bent, Samer only recently found Islam after spending years playing music in the seedier nightclubs of Cairo’s Pyramids Road.
20100902 ‘Gauguin/Savage Light’ George Fischoff’s one-man musical about Paul Gauguin.
All three banks insist the scuttlebutt is baseless.
And Jazzercise changed its tune nationally, saying it would no longer demand thinness from its instructors.
The claim is justified in as much as the World Cup contains among its 32 teams some national teams, from Africa and Asia, that would not reach the finals tournament were they to meet European or South American opponents along the way.
It gives us ways of measuring and counting everything, which can distract us from other modes of valuing.
This year Ms. Watts estimates that changes made in response to the health law will add an extra 2 to 3 percent in cost increases, pressuring employers to engage in even more cost-sharing with employees — whether through higher premiums, co-payments or other out-of-pocket costs.
One of those investigations was led by Joseph D’Amico, Mr. Cuomo’s selection to become the agency’s next superintendent.
It also feels more like a computer than the Kindle, which is both a blessing and a curse.
In a stylistic feature they both use, she and Mr. Badolo extend their arms like an S — one arm curving up, the other down.
Claude Giroux broke open a scoreless game 5 minutes 41 seconds into the second period when he skated all the way around defenseman Josh Gorges, who seemed to be backpedaling in the wrong direction after bending over moments before, trying to fix something on the toe of his right skate boot.
“With lowriders, it’s all about show — every corner is a doorway, and we take it slow,” Mr. Bratt said from behind the wheel, with his older brother, Peter, next to him.
David A. Paterson signed the bill approving the loan after the Legislature passed it late Monday.
A Milwaukee Journal Sentinel article described Ergul in 2007 as the agent for Bucks forward Ersan Ilyasova.
Last week, the Goddard Space Flight Center took the craft online, releasing the first videos and still images it shot.
A funeral mass will celebrate the lives of Michael John and his wife, Theresa Renz Ferguson, at St. Paul the Apostle, 2pm Monday, July 12, 405 W. 59th St., New York.
The bridegroom graduated from the Culinary Institute of America in Hyde Park, N.Y.
The Rockets held onto the 2012 first-round pick that the Knicks traded them last season.
It will kind of come out.
I remember saying to them: “An open house?
The bank’s model of socially responsible lending relied on an ability to turn people with poor credit histories into profitable clients by offering care and attention to each loan.
The remaining unit, a three-bedroom with a balcony, is just under 1,100 square feet.
The man, David C. Headley , who was arrested in October, has also been charged with plotting to attack a Danish newspaper that published cartoons of the Prophet Muhammad in 2005 that outraged many Muslims.
That’s really how I look at it.”
In Chicago during the mid-1990s, Kerr replaced John Paxson in the role of the Bulls’ spot-up jump shooter.
Atop those sculptural stairs, in an area carpeted with a material made from repurposed truck tires, visitors can peruse magazines and newspapers, use the restroom (at my neighborhood library, it’s off limits to adults) or just relax as the sound of young laughter floats up from below.
Archival footage of Mallory is eerily fascinating, but its historical frisson is diluted by corny re-enactments that pale beside the edge-of-your-seat rush of films like Kevin Macdonald’s stunning 2003 documentary, “Touching the Void.” Formally framed interviews remind us of the women who wait and worry, but a glance at the press notes suggests that the real daredevils here were the director and his cameramen, often filming from high above the professional climbers and braving slopes strewn with the dead.
A few years ago, after he and a friend started a company called TellmeOmuse, which sells products related to Greek myths and epics, he finally did, painting the winged horses on his walls.
“You might think that questions about constitutional theory are an elite-driven idea,” Professor Persily said, “but people have opinions about this.” A new study from Professor Persily and two colleagues, Jamal Greene and Stephen Ansolabehere, explored the political and cultural values of those who identified themselves as originalists.
They have aggressively warned incumbents against being overly confident, pressing them to raise money now and begin attacking prospective opponents.
Needless to say, the printing press only made things worse.
“Will there be events later this week?” Mr. Merola answered slowly.
Because she had no tag, microchip or license with the county, her photo went up on the shelter’s Web site on Friday in hopes that her owner might respond.
“Only the size of the case is unusual, and that is a product of Wal-Mart’s size and the breadth of the discrimination we documented.
This approach, however, is a bit clunky.
Workers won an important victory at the Supreme Court on Monday when the justices ruled unanimously that a group of African-American applicants to the Chicago Fire Department did not wait too long to challenge a hiring test they claimed was discriminatory.
When Abramovic lived for 12 days in a Chelsea gallery, fasting, bathing and sleeping in silence — a piece that “Sex and the City” later used as a plotline — The New York Times wrote about it.
I’m an incomplete person.” In “Sarah,” Robert Gottlieb ’s sharp, efficient biography, the woman whose name is a byword for theatrics emerges as the first modern celebrity, skilled at P.R., canny with endorsements, engaged in her own mythologizing and with a howling emptiness at her core.
At no point prior to this had any member of the ethics committee communicated with me directly.” Mr. Massa said he learned of the complaint only by reading it on the Internet.
So many of those investors are turning to gold.
Mr. Clelland’s first serious project was a 1961 Chrysler 300G convertible, which took him five years to restore.
Contrary to Mr. Kelly’s claims, the Native American Graves Protection and Repatriation Act of 1990 is fundamentally about establishing a process for Native Americans to claim their ancestors’ human remains and cultural objects.
“I just felt coming into this season that I was in a situation that I just didn’t want to be in, that I didn’t see getting any better.
It has a lot of upside, as we say in real estate.” Frederick Elghanayan, one of the owners of TF Cornerstone, said a 10,000-square-foot Duane Reade was under construction at 455 West 37th Street, and the company is pursuing restaurants and a grocery store.
Perez got Ethier to foul out to catcher Henry Blanco, then walked Rafael Furcal intentionally.
But S.O.B.’s features Brazilian music most Saturday nights, and the Nublu club in the East Village has a Brazilian night most Wednesdays, showcasing both samba and forro, a rural accordion-based style.
I also felt an old grief.
Not only were Smith and Carlos in attendance, but they were also joined by the silver medal winner, an Australian named Peter Norman.
John Alderson, the father of Mets General Manager Sandy Alderson, died early Sunday after being struck by an automobile while crossing a street just before midnight in St. Petersburg, Fla.
The remarkable Russian-Polish reconciliation, which began with the 70th anniversary of the Katyn massacre in early April, reportedly originated from Mr. Putin’s office.
“I don’t need marquee names,” Robert Greenblatt, who until recently was Showtime’s president of entertainment, told me.
calculated that Visteon’s retirees would bear about $100 million of the loss, because pension insurance is limited in a formula based on age, the amount earned and other factors.
In legal parlance, they are called “magic words,” and their use has exploded in this year’s midterm races.
To maximize investment returns, they typically leverage their cash with loans from banks or bond investors.
For now, Mr. Mason, who is currently juggling television appearances and managing a recent spike in traffic, seems content with Groupon’s trajectory.
John P. Rodriguez, who as a first lieutenant served there with the 26th Infantry Regiment.
Wheredid the totality of reality come from?
Room & Board’s online summer clearance sale offers discounts on various items throughout the month while supplies last (the Brisbane Sectional, above, originally $3,600, is $2,500; the Gansu 19-inch square table, left, regularly about $250, is $200; and the Boyd Square Ottoman, originally about $500, is $350).
membership, reformers in the region will be weakened in their attempts to build more democratic structures.
The problem was quadrupled with the four-camera mosaic — potentially Postseason.tv’s best feature because it can produce the best array of angles of the field.
“All of us now have only one question,” Jatuporn Prompan, a protest leader at the meeting, asked the prime minister.
More than a half-dozen debates are scheduled for the next two weeks.
“He pulled the rug out from under us,” Ms. Gins said at the time.
Mr. Brown had been cagey about his plans, but he has $12.1 million in cash on hand, according to campaign finance reports.
The other report, issued by Moody’s Investors Service, was similarly bullish, noting that rate increases have not significantly dampened demand and that further increases in the next three years would bring “dramatic expected improvement in the company’s cash flows.” Mayor Daley’s chief financial officer, Gene Saffold, said Thursday the city has no regrets.
Fans could have questioned whether Klose was in Germany’s World Cup lineup more because of a sense of gratitude for services rendered than because he was still the best center forward in his country.
Federal regulators took over WaMu on Sept. 25, 2008, 10 days after Lehman Brothers filed for bankruptcy protection.
One penalty, one mistake, could cost you a playoff game.” Since 1994, when the N.H.L.
One woman mentioned her husband’s medical problems.
While there usually isn’t anything groundbreaking or truly important to say about beer, the imposingly open canvas of the beer story presents an opportunity.
STARS 3, BLUES 2 Brad Richards, Loui Eriksson and Mike Ribeiro scored in Dallas’s perfect shootout, completing a come-from-behind victory over visiting St. Louis.
The game has received high marks among iTunes users for graphics and game play.
For many stories, the means of delivery, paper or pixel, may truly be irrelevant to the reader’s experience.
Though MTV currently enjoys strong ratings for hits like “Jersey Shore,” it has surely noticed the ever-expanding roster of scripted shows that other cable networks are using to distinguish themselves, including AMC, Starz, TBS and Spike.
Those of us who care very much about the environment and who were euphoric about the Obama administration’s replacement of the Bush administration, among the worst in American history from the environmental standpoint, have been let down by Mr. Obama.
You can read about those adventures on the City Room blog .
It is now also used against lymphatic filariasis , which is caused by worms spread by mosquitoes; worms nesting in the lymph nodes distort them and cause the grotesquely swollen legs and scrotums known as elephantiasis.
Newton proved himself equally intolerant of chicanery, when, in his waning years, he took a position as Master of the Mint.
In between games, she got some treatment for a stiff back and responded by giving up just two points the rest of the set.
But Haitians who are not legal residents of the United States can qualify for Medicaid only if they are given so-called humanitarian parole — in which someone is allowed into the United States temporarily because of an emergency — by United States Citizenship and Immigration Services.
More than training to be a Super Bowl star, more than even winning, youngsters play sports for fun — at least they do in Darien, Conn., Barston said.
Its line of intelligent watches — come and gone — often ends up as the butt of jokes, as do its tablet PC software products, the poor-selling Windows Vista operating system and the ignored Zune music player.
Prime Minister Recep Tayyip Erdogan, from the Islamically rooted Justice and Development Party, has an admirable record as constitutional and economic reformer.
The hourlong piece shared a program with the Adventure, a choreographic lab showcasing short works from participants (and not open for review).
After he leaves, you pour out your heart in a love poem and mail it to him.
51 PERCENTERS Employees with the core emotional skills that make them capable of delivering hospitality: curious intelligence, a strong work ethic, self-awareness and integrity, empathy, a warm and friendly character.
Oleg V. Deripaska , the Russian oligarch, was so deeply in debt at the onset of the financial crisis that Russian and Western banks could have bankrupted his company, the sprawling aluminum giant Rusal, within months.
“Basic trail maintenance, for example — picking up trash,” said Nancy C. Brown, who coordinates volunteers for the South Texas Refuge Complex , which includes three large wildlife areas.
On the first possession, the boy did the unexpected.
Mr. Leibovitz is the lead singer for a rock band called Dead Sunday and teaches table tennis at Spin New York in Manhattan.
Alexandra Bircken works in the round, proposing a hybrid of painting and sculpture as a tightly wound package made from cardboard, fabric, Legos, various small objects and red-orange acrylic.
And I knew what I knew and what my skills were, and I had to bring people in who had skill sets that I didn’t have.
WHAT THE STARS MEAN Ratings range from zero to four stars and reflect the reviewer’s reaction to food, ambience and service, with price taken into consideration.
In England, the market has been slow for the nation’s players in the wake of a depressing World Cup.
Bill Walker is also an option at what is probably the Knicks’ deepest position.
But he also said: “Nothing’s changed for me.
And as children of this generation, we were always told to chase our dreams, that we could be anything we wanted to be, so why should we settle for less?
They will walk and work the Old Course at St. Andrews for the final round of the British Open with the golf world’s full attention.
It shouldn’t take you more than two seconds.
“What is the durability of cell stack, how long will they operate before you have to pull them out and replace them and what is the cost to do that?” he said.
(A10); Soumaya Khalifa, who was born in Egypt, raised in Texas and is now living outside Atlanta, has founded a speakers bureau.
“There would be chain bankruptcies,” said Jean Pisani-Ferry, director of the economic research group Bruegel in Brussels.
It smelled like French fries, which you can buy along with a lift ticket and hand warmers at a small counter.
The schools, which are privately run but publicly financed, almost immediately gained major backing from powerful black politicians and clergy leaders.
But the young woman Mr. Conroy had been dating on and off for years and had spoken to earlier that night in November, Pamela Suarez, is Bolivian.
You know, I felt like I was a deserving pick.” He added, “But this performance will just give me a little bit of added confidence going into next week, and hopefully my good play can turn into some points for the European side.” Donald positioned himself for a potential preview of a Ryder Cup singles match when he holed out from the rough at No.
''Ever since the crash, he was broke,'' she said.
At least 70 people were killed in circumstances that have not been fully explained .
During the 1961 season, he scouted the Giants’ coming opponents each week, but he often lined up at practice, impersonating the next opponent.
“He really did put a knife in the trans-Atlantic counterjihad movement, for a long time.
By the afternoon, patrons were refused entry and were signing a wait list for Monday.
About $5 billion of its approximately $11 billion loss for the year stemmed from a one-time accounting charge.
“No one wants to be the next Sharper Image, the next Krispy Kreme.
Soybeans, corn and cotton that are engineered to survive spraying with Roundup have become standard in American fields.
In the summer of 2008, after Lydia has died and bequeathed the house to her nieces, Peck and Cassie come together at Fool’s House for the first time in seven years and bond over endless cocktails.
Traditionally, we reduce cancer risks through regular doctor visits, self-examinations and screenings such as mammograms .
This leads to a deeply unpleasant — well, you finish the sentence.
“He’s been able to keep the big picture in front of him.
Bette Dewing New York ♦ To the Editor: To Jane Brox’s purely aesthetic objections to the coldness of light thrown by the “curly” fluorescent bulbs we’re all having foisted off on us, let me add their emission of ultraviolet light.
“All I want in life’s a little bit of love to take the pain away,” sang Mr. Pierce — who was then calling himself J. Spaceman — as the album began, leading into songs about obsessive, desperate, thwarted love and attempts to numb that feeling with drugs and exorcise it with confession.
They set aside $8.2 billion for Head Start in 2011, almost a billion dollars more than in 2010.
Because Flip camcorders are drop-dead simple to use — push one big red button, and you’ve mastered it.
An extraordinary idea was broached last fall when CBS was trying to shave the huge losses it anticipated over the remaining years of its contract to televise the N.C.A.A.
“Lately, it has been a lot more civilized,” said Ali Ton, a native of Turkey and former junior national team player who is now an assistant at U.C.-Irvine.
But it is approved for another eye disease, age-related macular degeneration .
But beginning two decades ago, melisma overtook pop in a way it hadn’t before.
“The Scarlet Empress” remains in print, though in a superannuated 2001 transfer, from Criterion.
Most opinion polls suggest that the opposition Socialist Party and its allies are headed for a clean sweep of the 22 regional councils in mainland France in the two-round contest.
From Lily Bart to Nick Carraway, the road to hell is paved with grand ambitions.
Halas made it known that he wanted two No.
You can sit outside; it’s right across the street from a church.
He is a son of Young-Ja P. Lee and Myung-Jae Lee, of Escondido, Calif.
Not all of Ballet Theater’s Ashton revivals fully succeeded.
“The leaders discussed ways to strengthen national accord and internal stability,” said a statement issued before the leaders departed in the evening.
Their salaries are counted in millions, their injuries shorten their careers, their lack of freshness inhibits performance.
Even if it came off as insecurity more than insolence, it was so ill timed, coming after New England throttled the Cincinnati Bengals behind Wes Welker’s stunning recovery from a knee injury, that it had to leave the magnificently disciplined Patriots slack-jawed.
My colleagues and I found that there are two main types of the disease due to the defects in the alpha or beta chains.
We can share within a relationship everything except our fertility, give everything to our spouse except our fertility.
2: Sony, $59.95, not rated) ALSO OUT THIS WEEK COP OUT Kevin Smith’s action comedy pays homage to the buddy-cop pictures of the 1980s, with Bruce Willis and Tracy Morgan as wisecracking N.Y.P.D.
Carefully vetting lawyers to weed out the good from the bad can mean the difference between saving tens of thousands of dollars in fees and actually having a loan modified — and being out the cash, with your home in foreclosure and a radioactive credit score.
“The personal appearance of anchors indicates the kind of programming that a television station will have.
The rules apply to new health plans that begin coverage after Sept. 23 and to existing health plans that make significant changes after that date.
He was awarded a surfboard with a map of this stage painted on one side.
The Elegant Setting , a tabletop and gift store in Southampton, N.Y., will offer up to 50 percent off all items, as well as monogramming and embroidery, through Dec. 31 (a set of four single-letter notepads, regularly $58, is $46; paper napkins and guest towels, regularly $25 a box, are $20); 31 Main Street (Walnut Street), (631) 283-4747, theelegantsetting.com .
It is now up to the Panhellenic Socialist Movement, which helped lay the foundations of Greece’s unaffordable welfare state, to try to clean up the mess.
After the final electrical inspection has passed, the building inspector will issue a certificate of compliance.
Mr. Paladino, who appeared to get his rhythm midway through the evening, argued urgently for a 10 percent income tax cut and a reduction of — not merely a cap on — local property taxes.
This holiday season, the quicker you shove your fellow passengers, the quicker you can shove off from Aunt Gladys’s.
But while it has donated about $650 million to the Global Fund over the years, its focus is on cutting-edge medical research, not treatment.
“Keep your eyes on us,” he said.
A spokeswoman for the Department of Justice, Tracy Schmaler, said, “The Justice Department has a longstanding tradition of defending acts of Congress when they are challenged in court.” The new cases, however, could increase the pressure on President Obama to act on his repeated promises to support gay rights.
The first police station has been opened in Marja, seven months after United States Marines started operations to take control of that Taliban stronghold in southern Helmand Province, military officials said Wednesday.
The golf world faces a similar test now.
So why, given his fame, he has had to wait some 500 years for a museum solo is a puzzle.
Medical buildings often have standard benchmarks — basing the number of examination rooms, for example, on the expected volume of patients.
Rodgers stayed in the game for a few more snaps before being pulled.
The company has noted that other manufacturers also have had reports of cars surging forward.
It's like buying a car that's too comfortable to be a compact but too fuel-efficient to be a luxury model.
“Because he did not want to discuss Mr. Cuomo’s press strategy publicly,” the article said — candid but hardly a valid reason.
“Dany’s one of the few animals here that I cannot embrace,” said Ms. Torres.
Spain and Portugal have been at the forefront of the European debt crisis, which has led their respective governments to push through big spending cuts to reduce ballooning deficits.
The foundation, which has just begun a $1.4 million ad campaign criticizing the economic policies in Washington as “wasteful spending,” has become a vocal critic of Democratic policies and drew a rebuke this month from President Obama.
The thrower spins three or four times in a ring and flings it.
But now there are questions about when Reyes will be able to return and about what his absence will mean for the Mets in a season that is all but lost.
19 Indians uniform and pitch to anyone willing to step into a batter’s box.
In March, the managers, constitutionally prohibited from installing in-game penalties at midseason, mandated suspensions for such hits.
The new standards may prove a challenge to the administration in its attempt to protect the limited-benefit plans.
“It was pretty finished,” Jackson’s co-producer on the song, Theron (Neff-U) Feemster, said in a telephone interview.
Senator Harry Reid of Nevada, the majority leader, scheduled the vote on the student measure, which is known as the Dream Act, late on Thursday.
They took over after Richard Goldwater (Mr. Goldwater’s half-brother) and Michael Silberkleit (Ms. Silberkleit’s husband), who had led the company, died within months of each other.
He loved debating lecturing thinking making us think traveling "punning" wine and strumming his 12 string.
Later, his version changed and he acknowledged in a telephone interview with CNN that he was the man charged in El Salvador, but said he was innocent.
expanded its regular season to 82 games in 1967-68.
“I am not doing it for different personalities — it’s what I like,” says Ms. Moss — or Kate, as she is known.
As long as people fear being sentenced to 15 years in prison, they are likely to avoid engaging even in protected speech.
That Sunday afternoon, I was on my back porch in Arlington, Va., wading through a small mountain of staff memorandums, reports, diplomatic cables and the rest of my perpetually mounting paperwork.
Marcel L. Taillon, a Roman Catholic priest, performed the ceremony, with the assistance of the Rev.
When I asked why, he gave an answer that sounded as if it came from an espionage novel.
In a survey released in March by the agency Posternak-Margerit and the polling group Ipsos, Total ranked 30th among major French companies in terms of image perception, with 68 percent of respondents saying it had a bad image, a deterioration from a year earlier.
“He has a long track record of success.” Others hoping for a comeback include Gabe Nechamkin, a former trader for George Soros, and John W. Meriwether, whose Long-Term Capital Management failed spectacularly in 1998.
Instead it’s a book of glowing fragments, moments culled from Ms. Fraser’s diaries.
“When we get together for Christmas, all the hunting stories come out again.
The idea of working on the project itself did not seem to entice them, and no representatives from Italian-Thai had made any offers yet, they said.
“Women Without Men” conveys the slightly detached formality of a pageant, whose four main characters, Iranian women from different classes and backgrounds, have more symbolic weight than flesh-and-blood reality.
This is a more complete version of the story than the one that appeared in print.
Thirty-six states have applied for the second-round grants, which will be announced later this month.
The Ravens destroyed the Patriots in the playoffs last season, and both teams think they have improved.
“Suddenly, giving $1 to someone in Ghana isn’t as important as giving to someone here.”
The recipe was simple enough.
offers a series of courses in regulatory compliance issues for hospitals and other health care institutions, anticipating that hospitals will be doing lots of hiring because of the huge new regulatory requirements contained in the federal health care overhaul.
Rodriguez also grounded into a forceout in the seventh against Robinson Tejeda.
If a physician feels that one is warranted, but the guidelines say no, should the doctor do what’s in the best interest of the patient, or what a Washington bureaucrat demands?
Since some part of those millions of dollars are from my taxes, I hereby request that my share be used to build schools.
Last year, the studios released 76.
Mozdzen then scored with a fierce shot from the edge of the area in injury time to hand City’s expensively assembled squad a third straight loss in all competitions.
But Mr. Stoll was a minister of an established denomination — a liberal one, often so diverse as to seem post-Christian, but nonetheless one with Christian roots.
What’s more, the Fed seems to be slowly changing its tune about keeping the mortgage bonds it has bought.
“It’s probably my favorite week on tour.” Courtney, who stood arm in arm with Kevin behind Ridgewood’s old stone clubhouse, added, “We feel very at home here.”
South Korea's fertility rate, which stood at 4.5 children per woman in the 1970s, had fallen to 1.19 children by 2008, one of the lowest rates in the world.
I learned it the hard way, thanks to my friend Dandy Don.
It had the right balance of humor, awareness and up-to-date fashion.
“I know he will deliver on his promise to bring prosperity for my children,” he said.
“No, but we are in discussions right now, and there is a lot of interest from carriers around the world,” Mr. Menoud said.
He initially went at his wife’s insistence.
The Ricketts family has made renovating and modernizing Wrigley Field a top priority as it embarks on Year One of its ownership.
Converting trucks to natural gas could save 1.2 million barrels of oil by 2035; electric cars could eventually be a real game-changer.
In the seventh, reliever Scott Downs retired him on a ground ball to third, and Kevin Gregg earned the save by inducing a Rodriguez groundout to shortstop to end the game.
The company building the plant got virtually all the arable land in the village, and the 4,000 or so villagers received no compensation, according to a blog post on Tianya that was written four months ago under Mr. Qian’s name.
But for me, it’s like a warm-up.
In France, which is making the next-biggest contribution, the government has revised its 2010 budget to authorize a loan of up to 6.3 billion this year.
None of the compounds come in contact with the water table, the industry says.
And that’s where the two stand today.
Surely he could sell the franchise for a sum that could easily exceed seven figures.
The contents of that cocktail are not known, but investigators are likely to ask Rodriguez about that and related matters if and when they meet with him.
''It has turned into one of the great both local and international tourist destinations, beyond anyone's expectations.''
At the 1988 Winter Olympics in Calgary, Alberta, his gold medal aspirations in the 10,000 were wiped out by a spill on the fifth lap.
But in the age of President Obama , when successful black writers can be found across genres and a Nobel Prize winner, Toni Morrison , can be tapped to be the honorary chairwoman of the event, do black writers still need a conference to call their own?
No one asked him any questions.
“I spend my whole world and whole life thinking about films to make in the fashion genre,” Ms. Hogben said.
Michael Farzan Brookline, Mass., June 13, 2010 T he writer is an associate professor of microbiology and molecular genetics at Harvard Medical School.
“They were worried about horses and disease.
Venúe 56 looks good, with white walls and wainscoting, big bouquets of flowering branches and hanging lanterns.
A document from another contractor , titled “Motrin Purchase Project (June 12, 2009),” instructed employees buying Motrin to “simply ‘act’ like a regular customer” and make “no mention of this being a recall.” Mr.
But this was not a slick affair.
Indeed, Bryan-College Station is an active partner in what has become a public-private effort; more than 1,400 acres of a proposed 3,500-acre biotech research corridor is on city and county land.
But the shift makes sense: Personnel costs at its main factory in Oppama, Japan were 10 times those in Thailand.
Rabbi Jeffrey W. Goldwasser officiated.
Clients relied on him to provide investment advice, financial planning and even pay bills and help with tax filings, federal prosecutors said in the indictment.
Beyond what her Fox-watchers and Facebookers can see, Ms. Palin is quietly assembling the infrastructure of an expanding political operation.
The job he acquired was inscribing death certificates for his fellow inmates.
LONDON -- No nation can expect to stage a World Cup or the Olympic Games these days without fulfilling the legacy pledge.
$755,00022 Oak Bridge Avenuer 4 f 1 h 1 o 19 weeks110-year-old Victorian renovated in2007; breakfast room, family roomw/fireplace, basement rec room, deck,garage, 0.26-acre lot; taxes $14,366;listed at $799,900.
As far as I can tell, there were only two eras in economic history that were widely described as “depressions” at the time: the years of deflation and instability that followed the Panic of 1873 and the years of mass unemployment that followed the financial crisis of 1929-31.
Then came the never-ending oil gusher, another free stress test.
His father is an author of children’s books who is best known for the “Goosebumps” series.
When Evgeny Lebedev recently threw a party, hosted by Elton John and David Furnish, to celebrate receiving British citizenship, Mayor Boris Johnson gave a speech and Prime Minister David Cameron sent congratulations.
“In this state, you might need a No.
Xie was unusual in that he saved his drawings.
HAMPTON 78, FORDHAM 54 Michael Freeman recorded his fourth double-double of the season, leading Hampton over Fordham.
When Congress created the disability insurance program in 1956, it required that recipients be unable to “engage in substantial gainful activity in the U.S. economy.” In other words, they had to be unable to work.
whose ego is a study in power and greed,” is being overseen by Larry Charles , the director of “Borat,” “Religulous” and “Brüno” and a veteran writer and producer of “Seinfeld” and “Curb Your Enthusiasm.” No date was given for when “iCon” will have its debut or when it might be available on iTunes.
I cried genuine tears watching David Cook cover Collective Soul’s “ The World I Know ” with such gale-force intensity that he overturned the will of Simon Cowell himself to win over the voting public and take home the Season 7 crown.
MAIZUS--Robert A.,52, former account manager for LDI Technologies passed away suddenly on December 9, 2010.
Kathy Staico Schorr’s paintings strand Halloween witches, clowns and Popeye in menacing Surrealist settings.
He was more humble on Thursday, saying his only expectation is to let his performance dictate where he pitches.
Much is forgiven, though, as Kirkpatrick moves beyond the fill-in-the-blanks exercise of relating Facebook’s past and tackles its present and future.
Typically, rebates run about $75 for a clothes washer and several hundred dollars for home heating and cooling systems.
Since we’re in our 30s, we hope to have another 50 years to go, and that means we’ll revisit it many times.
Yet Al Qaeda men treat him with deep veneration.
But Imagine says that many students in the schools it manages enter with academic abilities below their grade level and that a better measurement of its success is the rate at which they are catching up.
Once the love-in was over, however, they had to become adversaries.
Asha, who had been preparing for the test for weeks with the help of her six older siblings, squeaked into a seating for latecomers.
It was founded by the former chairman of Target Corporation, Robert J. Ulrich.
He was a great friend and mentor and will be missed by all who loved him.
His coach Aguilar, who has been the strongest advocate for this course of action, agreed.
Jordan Kagan, a family friend, said that when Ms. Faber attended his daughter’s bat mitzvah in April, she was mentally coherent but physically diminished.
The competition committee is expected to pass the proposal, given that the N.H.L.
The district offers something of a test case — it is a mixture of middle-and upper-class residents, who are expected to support the Democrats, and lower-income neighborhoods that more closely reflect the makeup of the red shirt demonstrators.
“I don’t know about the next election, but I think in the near future.” The news that Leonardo DiCaprio and Armie Hammer will smooch in an upcoming movie about J. Edgar Hoover and his aide Clyde Tolson — buried near each other in the Congressional Cemetery on Capitol Hill — is a reminder of an “Advise and Consent” Washington where being a closeted gay official made you vulnerable to blackmail.
If our kids are home from college, we’ll go to E.A.T.
And to those concerned that the offer of reconciliation was open-ended, one cable said, he replied curtly that “time was not on our side.” The relief among countries supporting sanctions was palpable enough to pierce the cables’ smooth diplomatese.
But boxing doesn’t receive as much exposure as football.
We celebrate children.” Or to put it another way, it’s not unheard of for someone on “The View” to make a reference to Stalin.
While the goal was to render the board more independent of the White House, the effect was to render it a nullity.
So would Norman Geschwind if he were still alive.
In California, a state board is studying whether open texts meet state requirements.
Bryant could not have been more kind.
You can find them in many grocery stores and in Middle Eastern markets.
“It’s the bratwurst capital of the world!” Truly, I am learning something new every day in this long campaign season.
Q Business must be good given the strength of the rental market these days.
idea is a Bush idea.
Vick's arrest before the 2006 season was a disguised blessing for the Falcons, who were forced to purge their roster and coaching staff of hotheads, underachievers and self-promoters, ushering in the Thomas Dimitroff-Mike Smith-Matt Ryan era.
But there were also fresher faces like Mark Pincus of the social game maker Zynga, and Jack Dorsey, the creator of Twitter.
At the Brooklyn Academy of Music Harvey Theater, 651 Fulton Street, Fort Greene; (718) 636-4100; bam.org .
Then, I gave it some thought, and now suspect it's just another media manipulation by Apple.
“It happened right in front of me.” In the chaos that followed, pro-government protesters urged troops to attack the red shirts, shouting, “Fight, fight!” They threw rocks and bottles and aimed slingshots at the red shirts’ barriers.
“Prince William has also sought the permission of Miss Middleton’s father.” The statement added that the couple would live in north Wales, where William works as a search-and-rescue helicopter pilot for the Royal Air Force.
Mr. Bloomberg’s sudden support for two terms puts him in line with most New Yorkers.
The Knicks, the Nets, the Bulls and the Heat will not spend their millions in salary-cap space until James makes a commitment.
Some recent Jeep models, like the Patriot and Compass, have been criticized as watering down the brand’s heritage, and Chrysler is trying to ensure that the car-based 2011 Grand Cherokee is not viewed the same way.
IT’S hard to imagine two places in New York State more different than the South Bronx and Schoharie County.
Forces were moved to provide security to larger population centers.
A racially diverse audience packed the place and broke into ovations.
His wife and daughter are lighting candles.
An Avis spokesman declined to comment.
Then you try to be more.
A carpeted, mirrored elevator suitable for a luxury hotel takes guests from the street level up 80 feet to the first floor of the house.
IF YOU GO Numerous airlines, including Delta, American and United, fly nonstop into Chicago from all three New York-area airports.
Mr. Slaine had recorded meetings with at least two of the defendants who pleaded not guilty Tuesday, including Zvi Goffer, a former trader at Galleon who left to set up his own hedge fund, and Mr. Drimal, who worked out of Galleon’s offices but was not employed there.
A third, the driver, began reciting the famous verses from the Koran, “There is no god but God and Muhammad is his prophet,” and was released, he later told the police.
Galea has acknowledged that he uses human growth hormone and has prescribed it to some patients.
Mr. Quiñónez and 30 other people are in custody, while 12 defendants are at large, the authorities said.
To prevent this, extra resources must be directed to medically needy areas.
There is no “fake” version that could serve as a proper control to be tested against the real thing.
Maybe the coach could have reminded him that he still had more important things to do.
“A Film Unfinished” is to open in New York on Aug. 18, and two days later in Los Angeles, before a planned national release.
The author, Ian T. Shearn, 56, is a longtime newspaperman who spent 10 years at The Star-Ledger in New Jersey, where he was part of a team that won a Pulitzer Prize.
One year he planted 3,000 bulbs.
So indoor training leaves many of them unprepared for rides that are hours long.
He declined to be interviewed for this article — team officials said that he would like to return to talking about baseball, not his mental health — but others on the Cubs unequivocally professed their support for him.
There is only medicine that works and medicine that doesn’t.
A scenic Sturla ferry boat connects Puerto Madero (54-11-4731-1300; www.sturlaviajes.com.ar ) in Buenos Aires to Estacion Fluvial in Tigre.
He had been born wealthy, and upon his death in 1944, his lawyer valued the estate at $150,000.
MAMARONECK Emelin Theater Roomful of Blues, swing and blues.
In 2003, a New Jersey man was fined and put on probation after uploading an unfinished print of “The Hulk” before its release.
The costs are passed along to taxpayers and policyholders when hospitals recover such expenses from Medicare or private insurers.
However, he said, the “uniquely dry and temperate climate” of the region of the data center would minimize Facebook’s overall carbon footprint.
Under an agreement worked out during the Bush administration, Russia is providing the fuel, and all the spent fuel is to be shipped back to Russia.
Visit www.CinemaArtsCentre.org for memorial arrangements.
“I thought, ‘He’s crazy, but I have to do what he wants me to do,’ ” Reddick said.
Biffle finished fourth and was followed by his Roush Fenway Racing teammates Kenseth and Edwards.
Before joining Merrill, Mr. Costa was a lawyer at the firm Skadden, Arps, Slate, Meagher & Flom.
There's another piece of the puzzle too.
“It’s very important that the program is replayed on the Internet,” Ms. Stewart said.
Upon graduation from Eastern Kentucky University, Kearns had hoped to land a job as a writer or photographer at The Blood-Horse , a magazine that covers the breeding industry, or Daily Racing Form .
She takes foreclosure clients who can afford to pay as they go; there are a few.
It criticizes the nation’s regulatory approach, calling it reactionary rather than precautionary, which means that the government waits for proof of harm before taking action, instead of taking preventive steps when there is uncertainty about a chemical.
The students want to hear what their teachers (their friends) have to say about the cuts.
Caught in the middle of this tug of war are the hotels, which are increasingly being asked to keep out the interlopers.
He was not particularly well liked, and some senators feared him as a threat to their own spending projects.
Mr. O’Brien will compete against popular series like “The Daily Show With Jon Stewart” and “The Colbert Report,” both on Comedy Central; “Chelsea Lately,” on E!
Users of erectile dysfunction drugs appear to be having more unsafe sexual encounters than non-users, he said, and physicians should counsel them about the risks.
“Friday, Saturday, you can’t get inside the door.” Mr. Johnson was the first of his family to come to New York, in the 1970s, Alvin Johnson said, and their father, Larnard, followed soon after.
Even as he was succumbing to a ruthless disease that had provoked indifference and cruelty rather than compassion from too many of his fellow citizens, Haring, somehow, could still see angels.
He’s going to appreciate that later.”
But what was once simple apprehension and mortification and trepidation has become increasingly entangled with feelings of exhaustion and marginalization and even indignation.
The government said the men were members of Jundallah, which claimed responsibility for an attack on Shiite worshipers in southeastern Iran last week that killed 39 people.
When seen at auction at Christie’s New York on May 12, 1997, the Manet had cost $18.7 million.
HORAN--Frederick Geller Sr.,age 83, passed away on April 2, 2010.
Food prices fell 0.3 percent in August, the fourth decline in five months.
Examples of the series were included in “Sexuality and Transcendence” at the Pinchuk Art Centre in Kiev this year.
Before leaving for the Bahamas on Jan. 2, she reached out to Congressman Pascrell’s office, which then enlisted a T.S.A.
During his trial, prosecutors revealed that rank-and-file Senate Republicans were encouraged to hand-deliver ethics forms to state regulators in order to avoid running afoul of federal mail fraud charges.
Ms. Rhee has earned the ire of a teachers’ union after dismissing dozens of teachers for poor performance, even as she has won plaudits for improving a notoriously bad school system.
As a result, he said, “not all I.P.
It was enlightening in ways that I would love to see developed in a full lecture-display.
When a magnitude 8.8 earthquake buckled the ocean floor off Chile on Saturday, there were concerns of a repeat of the 2004 disaster in which a giant earthquake off Indonesia generated a tsunami that killed thousands of people hours later in Sri Lanka and India.
“I think Bernanke is well aware of that, so he probably feels that there is little use in belaboring the point.” Perry G. Mehrling, an economist at Barnard College, said Mr. Bernanke was being careful not to overstep the Fed’s role.
They wanted to ask if there was any chance that they and at least some of their former co-workers could be rehired.
Santiago Giraldo beat Sam Querrey, 6-2, 6-4, 7-5, on Friday to give Colombia a 1-1 tie with the United States in their three-day Davis Cup playoff match.
Those conditions include both of them leaving the company and the establishment of a $3 million escrow account to compensate workers who were underpaid.
He could make an even bigger statement by cutting Favre, writes Jason Cole on Yahoo.com , but for now has decided just to give Leslie Frazier a long-deserved chance as head coach.
Caron Butler scored 22 points and Brendan Haywood added 10 in their playoff debuts for the Mavericks.
The paintings are very much of a piece with Hesse’s sculptures.
He touches on addiction on the title track and, on “Livin’ Th’ Dream,” practically boasts of crumbling beneath the unbearable weight of expectation.
And while no one would mistake a Backyard Beauty for a tomato picked from a backyard in late summer — it is not as tender and its flavor is not as complex — it is juicier and has much more flavor than what you’d find in your deli sandwich.
Le Normand is co-organizer of a large, double exhibition between Mains d’Oeuvres and La Maison Populaire, which is based in the eastern suburb of Montreuil.
“Modern Korean history is one in which justice was defeated and opportunists took power,” Roh Moo-hyun , a liberal who served as president from 2003 to 2008, said shortly after his inauguration.
But women who have opted for the procedure say it's not about the statistics.
I would win by playing smart.
“The very retro notion that we are undisputedly still No.
The Liberal Democratic Party relied on generous public works spending and back-room bargains to push through big projects like this one.
“My dog was my inspiration,” he said.
Gogol’s absurdist 1836 story hooked the immensely gifted and ambitious young Shostakovich.
(On a year-to-date basis, they have declined slightly from last year.)
Man after tired man strode up like a soldier.
But mostly, he dedicated his medal to the Frends crew and New Hampshire and his family, including his father, who told his son he wanted them to party together for the first time Wednesday night.
“We look forward to having him back on the air Tuesday night.” Mr. Olbermann has declined interview requests since Friday, and he did not immediately confirm that he would resume his program, “Countdown,” as of Tuesday.
In another, students indicated how important they thought it was that a university committee take their opinions into account when deciding on the size of foreign study grants.
The show’s subtitle — “The First Japanese Delegation, 1860” — makes that pretty clear, and the introductory wall text spells it out: The visit in question, 150 years ago, was “all about trade,” a matter of setting up a business agreement.
But Republicans and their allies fired back, dismissing the assertions as desperate last-minute allegations with no evidence to back them up.
Members of the Group of 20 will be meeting on Thursday and Friday in South Korea.
REHNER--Leonard A.,of New York City, scholar of history, political science, the arts and music; teacher; impresario; athlete; humanitarian; and sports car aficionado died on December 1, 2010.
One of the sessions at the Forum’s annual meeting this week in Davos, Switzerland, will explore how those principles can help to tackle urgent social, economic and environmental problems.
In several brief telephone conversations, his first in years about deaths in which he has long been a suspect, Mr. Durst, the real estate scion whose wealthy family helped to redevelop Times Square in the 1990s, said he actually liked the movie.
For hybrid- and electric-car owners, there's a charging station at the Charles Hotel in Cambridge, Mass.
After a decade of direct talks, this is how far things have fallen.
“For us it works, and it’s natural, and a lot of people can’t believe it,” she said of their working together.
“I actually wear long dresses a lot,” she said.
In fact, he said that he was “ very suspicious ” of Jean’s motives.
They want to go back to the players to discuss it, and they could take it up again at their May meetings.
At 12:45 p.m. inside tent P1, volunteers applauded as each sore, injured runner arrived.
“The jizz is made up of everything.” When the famed early taxidermist Carl Akeley was 12 years old, his neighbor’s canary died.
“Vultures,” I remember a friend calling the aid workers, and we scoffed at the way they jostled for media attention and the favor of government officials.
It was, boy, aren’t we fortunate we have Senator Bennett?
Axiom opted for the all-live version, and the 12 players dug into its opening movement vigorously if at times with a strident tone that was probably unavoidable given the brash extroversion of the work’s fast outer movements.
... Jair Jurrjens gave up one run and had a run-scoring single in his first start in two months, and the host Braves beat the Nationals, 4-1.
And the program is not only fully paid for, it should actually reduce the deficit over the next two decades.
“We’re thrilled to publish Michael’s extraordinary new book and confident it will be judged on its own considerable merits.” Since the flood of criticism, the press has changed Mr. Bellesiles’s biographical material.
Today, they are included in models from 24 companies, including Trek, Specialized Globe and Raleigh.
That said, there were valleys among the program’s peaks.
“It’s such an underworld in a way, the celebrity wrangling,” said Vanessa Bismarck, a New York-based fashion publicist whose firm, BPCM, represents labels like Preen and Azzaro.
Stress levels soared — yet families spent very little time in the most soothing, uncluttered area of the home, the yard.
The original 1920s financing plan for the University of Michigan ’s now-iconic football stadium relied on a bond issue that allowed each bondholder to purchase two season tickets.
She got a pep talk from her mother, Carol, and started the final with four consecutive strikes.
On Tuesday, the third time Mr. Gibbs had done this lately, he signaled an important announcement, that the White House was about to lift the moratorium on deepwater oil and gas drilling, hours before the official event.
The Patriots finished the drive with a 24-yard field goal by Stephen Gostkowski to tie the score with 1 minute 51 seconds left.
“Some of the police who are very tough, they weren’t here,” he said.
Banks could commingle with insurance companies at will.
“He was lost, neatly, at just the right time, and so I could tell you here the story of a hero: a pilot of the early bombing, justified and absent from the atrocities of later history,” Mr.
His paintings are represented by Lamontagne Gallery in Boston.
The microbiome first came to light in the mid-1600s, when the Dutch lens-grinder Antonie van Leeuwenhoek scraped the scum off his teeth, placed it under a microscope and discovered that it contained swimming creatures.
Press designer Mikito Takeshima sprinkled some references to “Happy Days” and “Animal House” into its classics and, faster than you can say “toga party,” a pairing worthy of the coolest slacker at Yale was born: a collection of trim wool slacks, plaid bomber jackets, blazers with gold hardware, slim button-down oxfords in faded hues and plush crew necks.
Whatever meaning a house holds for you, one can never get around the hard work it takes to occupy one.
Many other nations in the Asia-Pacific region are also now under pressure to start raising rates again or implement other measures to cool down their rapid growth and damp nascent inflation.
“It’s called ‘Les Experts’ in France.” “Oh,” Ms. Wolf said.
Aikenite has only a second and third in four starts this year, and chose the Derby Trial as a prep for this race.
Yet the ritual on this day includes only one protester, bearded, lanky Brian Romanoff, 28, who has been working mostly alone since the two-week encampment began on July 16.
So did Dan Scully’s lighting, which employed a back row of lights close to the floor to spike the quieter overall design with a showbiz atmosphere.
“A lot of people don’t give us credit for our defense,” Richardson said.
The likelihood that the girls would agree to sex in return for gifts and cash declined as the size of the payments from the program rose, suggesting the central role of extreme poverty in sexual choices.
But if you own a bond fund and interest rates go up, it's another story entirely.
To the Editor: Re “Ben Franklin Is a Big Fat Idiot,” by Joe Queenan (July 4): While on the steps of the National Archives for the annual reading of the Declaration of Independence on July 4 — as a spot-on Ben Franklin impersonator rehearsed his grievances against King George III — my cellphone buzzed with an e-mailed link.
Probably, but his deal was for only two years, and he earned all $18.5 million with his three-run homer off Lee in the seventh inning of Game 5, cinching his World Series Most Valuable Player award.
And indeed, the opening movement, “Vysehrad” (“The High Castle”), held promise.
Dropped from airplanes and helicopters, reddish clouds of retardant are often the most visible tool used to fight wildfires, particularly in rugged areas of the West.
I don't think Conan drank at all in college, and there was never a hint of any drugs.
Last week analysts lowered expectations for “Shrek Forever After” based on prerelease surveys.
It would have been appropriate to mention these.
The narrative begins with the nostalgic musings of a newly emancipated slave, Betty Mayfield, as she prepares to leave Sweet Tamarind, a plantation on an island off the coast of South Carolina, with her granddaughter Dora.
CPI International , a telecommunications equipment maker, agreed to be bought by an affiliate of the private equity firm Veritas Capital for about $525 million.
In the Rolling Stone article, speaking about stripping down in the “Alejandro” video, Lady Gaga said, “It’s just me, and people will see that what’s underneath everything is still me.” It’s probably the first time Lady Gaga has acknowledged that there’s a living, breathing organism beneath the hyperstylized exterior, that her flesh has any instincts of its own.
Instead, the intervening accumulation of atmospheric carbon could cause temperatures to zoom calamitously, virtually at once.
But Mills, teetering at the edge of bankruptcy, turned the project over in 2007 to a partnership led by Colony Capital, a private real estate firm based in Los Angeles.
There were still untold thousands of holy men waiting to take a dip.
If Jordan decides to change the nickname, Charlotte Bobcats memorabilia will go into the trash bin of sports history, alongside New Orleans Jazz uniforms, Winnipeg Jets jerseys and Montreal Expos caps.
In a public briefing on Wednesday morning, Mr. Ravitch said that while his plan did not require additional borrowing, he did not believe it would be politically possible to close the existing $9 billion budget gap without doing so.
3 Oklahoma (24-10) held on through a dry spell in the final seven minutes to beat No.
The price is high enough to drive investment in future oil production and in supplies of alternative energy, they note, but low enough that consumers can bear it.
When it was time to go, Timo reached down to help Seldes stand.
Last year, our big reggae show was Alpha Blondy, and this year we are absolutely thrilled to have one of the kings of reggae, Jimmy Cliff, on July 11 in Central Park.
Taking a charitable view — as did many British analysts — Peter Stanford, a columnist in The Observer, wrote that Benedict had convinced skeptics “that he sincerely wants to tackle the ‘unspeakable crimes’ of pedophile priests which were covered up for so long by the church.” But, Mr. Stanford said, “the true success of his visit will ultimately be judged not only by greater openness in our society to the voice of religion, but also in Pope Benedict’s own willingness to listen and learn.” Throughout his career, first as the Vatican’s dogmatic enforcer and then as pope, Benedict has been associated, by outsiders at least, more with laying down the law rather than listening.
“We, the United States, have always played a special role within this effort, and we will be prepared to assist the parties going forward in moving towards a successful negotiation,” he said.
“It’s a long and wonderful book, of which we have sold over 20,000 e-books in the last seven days,” Ms. Ducksworth said.
His staff’s investigations turned up the dividend equivalent transactions that the law addresses.
It’s sexy and dangerous.” SALVAGED SCULPTURE Suspended from onstage scaffolding are frames, chandeliers and oddball sculptures made from, among other things, dice, Mardi Gras beads, pornography, leather and bike chains, some of which were donated by Recycle-a-Bicycle, a nonprofit organization in Brooklyn that encourages bike use.
During the Soviet era, many churches and monasteries were closed, and the chant tradition was suppressed.
Thus the fiery rhetoric of Turkey’s prime minister, Recep Tayyip Erdogan, appeals not only to his domestic constituency, but also to the broader Islamic world.
In 2007, he was sued a second time over the debt, and this time the suit contended that he owed significantly more: $3,816 in credit card debt, plus $5,536 in interest and $481 in legal fees.
BILLIE BURKE, who went on to play Glinda in ''The Wizard of Oz,'' dropped in just after Christmas of 1908.
The offering, which is expected as early as November, will set a benchmark for the stock’s value.
It’s complicated, she says, to send a rocket to the moon — it requires blueprints, math and a lot of carefully calibrated hardware and expertly written software.
Ninety percent of them haven’t been digitized or even played, and of the 10 percent remaining, I’ve heard only about a dozen complete tracks.
“Sometimes very angry, sometimes very cajoling, always brilliantly written and conceived.” When a big one arrived, Albrecht and Strauss knew to brace themselves.
Robert Luketic ( “The Ugly Truth” ) directed.
I tell Calvert people you make decisions every day, hundreds of them, that have ethical content.
members, for accepting improper gifts and other benefits, and an overhaul of the rules governing how host cities are chosen.
The dating columnist, Mandy Stadtmiller, wrote in a recent piece for The New York Post that Mr. Akassy tried to force his hands down her dress and tried to get her to touch his genitals while they were on a date in 2007.
He could have asked some kid to catch.” Kubek said that when Houk took over as Yankees manager in 1961, he usually had a set lineup, platooning less often than his predecessor, Casey Stengel.
Strasburg registered a game score of 75, an excellent mark, but it does not rank among the top major league debut performances since 1980.
In March he wrote: “Perhaps it’s time to float a new theory: We’re already in the gutter.
He went to Cartagena and began again, finding work within days at El Universal, a newspaper that became a kind of journalism school for him.
Chrysler now expects cash flow to be $500 million positive for the full year, rather than the $1 billion negative it had forecast previously.
Even when teams are striving for playoff spots, fighting takes a back seat.
Skeptics say the bank’s customer service remains abysmal, and its government mandate to serve farms and peasants dooms it to the low-growth ghettos of the Chinese economy.
Making asparagus pesto lets you use the peel, which contains a ton of flavor even though it’s sometimes too tough and stringy to eat.
“It is inexcusable that this problem was not found out in advance,” said Peter Sealey, a former chief marketing officer of the Coca-Cola Company, who teaches at the School of Management at Claremont Graduate University.
In Lakeland, Fla., Jaimie S. Smith, 29, called her mortgage company, then Washington Mutual , in October 2008, when she realized she would get a smaller bonus from her employer, a furniture company, threatening her ability to continue the $1,250 monthly mortgage payments on her three-bedroom house.
Reliever ALFREDO ACEVES (lower back strain) had therapy in New York on Thursday but did not receive a second epidural shot, Girardi said.
Roddick hammered it back to win the point.
But “Ahead of Time,” a graceful documentary portrait directed by Bob Richman, illustrates just how extraordinary her life has been.
Publicly traded banks can lift their Tier 1 capital ratio to 6 percent by selling new shares to investors.
And, in the process, they serve the interests of everyone in the hierarchy.
The department moved to revoke the association’s accreditation and the group filed an appeal.
The Abitare Il Tempo furniture fair opens Thursday in the Italian city of Verona, featuring “Living Utopia,” an exhibition on craftsmanship curated by Mr. Mendini as a companion piece to “Quali Cose Siamo,” his critically acclaimed survey of Italy’s design identity at La Triennale Design Museum in Milan.
Halaichiya, in a way, remains innocent.
The faculty was at odds with itself.
John Warhola was born May 31, 1925, in Pittsburgh.
As a White House aide, Mr. Emanuel suffered ups and downs, including a de facto demotion.
The decision, which does not apply to the organization's 2,700 Pakistani employees, will be re-evaluated in three months, according to the official, who spoke on condition of anonymity in the absence of authorization to discuss the relocation.
“My prediction is we will be.” He stopped short, however, of guaranteeing a profit in 2010.
“We need to have the confidence and courage to tackle some of these issues head on,” he said in an interview in Dokan, a lakeside resort northeast of Kirkuk.
His art collection, however, includes a 20-ton sculpture by Richard Serra; it is kept on the grounds of Mr. Silver’s Brentwood estate, Casa de la Plata (Spanish for “House of Silver”).
Now it’s go on a market tour, come and cook with our chef.” That’s exactly the package offered at the Sir Francis Drake Hotel, where the executive chef is Jen Biesty, a former “Top Chef” contestant.
Receiver Jerricho Cotchery was a believer.
Often, they have been slower to organize than the mosque opponents, but their numbers have usually been larger.
A huge, swirling column of black smoke and debris rose into the cloudless sky.
“The fiscal policy challenges that I see are at a different order of magnitude than anything I have either observed or dealt with over the last 25 years,” he said.
(AP) SUH MAKES LIONS DEBUT Defensive tackle Ndamukong Suh took a flight from Nebraska to Michigan, signed his contract, passed a conditioning test and joined his teammates for drills.
His longtime friend Leon Wieseltier, the literary editor of The New Republic, compared Sunstein’s discovery of behavioral economics with the moment when the philosopher John Stuart Mill, a utilitarian, fell ill and lost himself in the poetry of Samuel Coleridge.
To say any more would be unfair, for the second act of this seemingly slight play takes a turn that is quietly devastating.
Mr. Paul, a darling of the Tea Party movement , had been cruising to almost certain election on the lofty principles of smaller government and less spending.
It seemed to be the defining narrative of the 2009 elections in New York City: a billionaire mayor pouring $108 million of his own money into a re-election bid and undermining the fairness of the city’s publicly funded campaign finance system.
In combat, Hammami used a sharpshooter’s rifle, firing calmly and with precision, said Mohamed, who spoke to me by telephone this month from a government compound in Mogadishu after defecting to the government’s side.
Gail Joanne Koff was born in Manhattan on May 15, 1945, the daughter of Murray and Sylvia Koff.
Around 350 were stored in Britain; the rest — 700 or so Russian, Czech and East German trucks and tankers — made their way to the Mississippi coast.
Actually, let’s face it, I was stupid, and it was deeply mortifying, as so many things were in those days.
They picked up on ideas in the air.
We’re very close.” Then why, a reporter wondered, had Hicks, when recently asked about Rodriguez, said, “Good riddance”?
“The people I work with are much more respectful since the F.B.I.
Friday and Thursday at 8 p.m.; Sunday at 1:30 p.m.; David H. Koch Theater, Lincoln Center , (212) 870-5570, nycopera.com; $12 to $145.
Police radios, bar code scanners and other products for corporate and government customers will be under Motorola Solutions.
But the Pan American Health Organization, which represents the W.H.O.
To the Editor: Re “ Big Dog, Small House ” (Q&A, July 27): Some big dogs can definitely live happily in a small space.
Anthony Mackie, about to run for his life, with the photographer Solve Sundsbo (in the T-shirt).
Dilxat Raxit, a spokesman for the World Uighur Congress in Sweden, said his organization knew of at least 76 people who had been detained for activities related to the Internet.
“Only once in a while, once in a while.” For all their differences, though, Mr. Sebelik and Ms. Johnson both said that what unites them, love of country, is stronger than politics.
Mr. MacIntyre was the enigmatic, intellectual loner who was never without a book and an armful of gathered-up newspapers.
That is one way to look at it.
“It took us a while to understand we needed a no-excuses culture,” he said, one of “really sweating the small stuff.” Visits to half a dozen charter schools in Cleveland and New York State show that high- and low-performing schools often seem to take pages from the same playbook.
Not yet — if ever, he said.
“Three Stations” not only moves forward but outward, its narratives intersecting as they accumulate a spectrum of illegal activity: sexual slavery, drugs, the black market for babies, serial killers and financial fraud.
After only one strike against Grupo Mexico in the 1990s, the union has called 32 strikes against the company’s operations, Grupo Mexico said.
(“I Can’t Stand” offers solace to a friend who’s given up on love: “I can’t stand to see you this way,” she howls from her great height, “It’s gonna be alright.”) They’ve still got sulfurous echo and war drums in the background, but they’re comforting dreams, not nightmares.
Mary J. Blige and Andrea Bocelli sang Simon and Garfunkel’s “Bridge Over Troubled Water,” with proceeds from a future iTunes download going to Haiti relief efforts.
THE flip of the calendar to June is a sign that family outing season is right around the corner, with New Jersey public schools letting out later this month.
But the day after her surgery, she made us come pick her up so she could take me to the ice rink.
Although “The Facebook Effect” dutifully recounts the litigation that ensued between Mr. Zuckerberg and his antagonists — litigation, I should point out, that netted the Winklevoss twins a reported $65 million and made Mr. Saverin a billionaire — he bends over backward to exonerate his hero.
Investigators suspected ground beef as the cause of a 2007 outbreak in North Dakota, but the link was not confirmed.
Even today it is the only palette that, to my knowledge, is constructed to allow each hue to match the others.
Current says ''Bar Karma'' represents Mr. Wright's first work on television.
A United States District Court brokered a compromise in January that would allow 67 of 124 proposed turbines to proceed — though on its Web site, the group says it remains “convinced that massive installation of industrial wind turbines on forested ridges will create more problems than it will solve.” DAVID POLLITT, owner of the Rowland Land Company, the largest of the property owners on Coal River Mountain, says he has nothing against wind farms in principle, but adds that he believes the technology is too expensive, too undeveloped and too rife with its own environmental objections to be viable.
The first is Grace (Jasmin Tabatabai), a Belgium-based photojournalist who has become emotionally numb after being forced to photograph the assassination of her guide in Iraq.
But he expressed hope that such aid, which would be unprecedented in the euro zone, would be unnecessary.
Despite her academic tenor, Collier-Thomas is obviously passionate about her subject, and she occasionally editorializes.
Here, with harrowing narration from Mr. Hecht, Parthenia performed Marin Marais’s “Tableau de l’Opération de la Taille,” with its all-too-vivid depiction of the removal of a gallstone, 18th-century style.
“I don’t think obliterating it adds to our understanding in any way.” Still, in our contemporary fondness for symbolic politics, this kind of issue arises often — streets named for Confederate heroes in the South, for instance.
The Associated Press reported that the man was a Qatari diplomat.
They have his pictures in their family albums; their mother visited his family in Vilnius, then Vilna.
Now, as then, companies frequently say that compensation for unionized workers, in both wages and benefits, is out of line.
The revelations prompted fears among American and Afghan officials of a stampede of withdrawals that could set off of a collapse of confidence in Afghanistan’s financial system.
The video showed a man shooting blindly into the crowd; I could hear protestors identify him as a member of the Basij.
The conservative order says photographs showing the Rev.
It does not always work, of course.
But — much like the debut a day earlier in Shanghai — the shares managed only timid gains as trading progressed.
But it is prohibited, by law, from collecting gun ownership records through a modern computerized database.
This unenviable assignment was made even more onerous by his longstanding pessimism about the war.
The fight to allow gay and bisexual people to serve openly in the military is already drawing political blood in Washington, but tucked into the same 852-page Pentagon policy bill as the repeal of “ don’t ask, don’t tell ” is a little-noticed amendment that takes on another emotionally charged issue: making abortion easier for military women in war zones.
Aer Lingus said that all but one of its trans-Atlantic services to cities in the United States would operate later on Tuesday, subject to delays.
“That was a very heavy lift, to get the House to do that.
It’s a vehicle for people who are mathematically inclined and love to make money.
He planned and sponsored lavish, Harley-Davidson-mounted trips in the ’80s, ostensibly conceived to publicize Forbes magazine, to whatever exotic locale he had an urge to see, including Turkey, Russia, China, Pakistan and the edge of the Arctic.
Wieden & Kennedy is losing two top executives in its New York office.
Everything is committed, and several theaters already have one or two backup shows if a commitment falls through.” Tom Hulce , a lead producer of the new musical “American Idiot,” echoed Mr. Smith as he described the waiting process to see if the St. James Theater — his first choice — would be available this spring.
But Mr. Chesney said the most important job for counterterrorism officials was to set up initial interrogations to balance demands for intelligence against the requirements for prosecution.
“It had to be fan-generated.” Earlier this month, in one of the Miller Gallery’s largest openings, some 500 visitors wandered through the two-floor exhibit — a group more familiar with the work of Trai Essex (an obscure lineman) than Tracey Emin (a contemporary artist).
But Dunga had no prior coaching experience at the elite level, and no enthusiasm for those who questioned his methods.
“You can use it, but you will have to move if they get here,” she said.
Iceland, another country with generous press freedoms and a strong WikiLeaks following, has also lost its appeal, with Mr. Assange concluding that its government, like Britain ’s, is too easily influenced by Washington .
“The bombs promised only to kill more Japanese,” Mr. Sayle wrote in the article, a meticulously reported account of the mounting Japanese desperation in the summer of 1945, “whereas the Soviets, possibly allied with local Communists, threatened to destroy the monarchy, which almost all Japanese, and certainly those in the government, viewed as the soul of the nation.
“I knew we had a good dish then,” he said.
The band has an intense but unostentatious singer and guitarist in Jeremy Earl, and an inscrutable linchpin in G. Lucas Crane, who spent the entire show on the floor, kneeling over a mess of equipment, engaged in his usual practice of analog tape manipulation and effects-treated background vocals.
“Some of the real fears is that we’re in the reproductive cycle in the fisheries,” Mr. Voisin said.
When she became dean, in July 2003, there were 81 full-time permanent members of the faculty, according to the law school.
Mr. Omar, who had survived one other assassination attempt, was believed to have been the target of the attack, said Faiz Muhammad Tawhidi, the spokesman for the Takhar governor.
Like automotive hybrids, the D7E does recapture energy that would otherwise be wasted, though not in the traditional sense of a regenerative braking system.
That's because the number of pairs of people who can share birthdays is very large even for relatively small numbers.
; Left: A Ron Arad Office Chair.
Rail thin with a wicked sense of humor and the tendency to sprinkle her one-liners with a forceful four-letter word, Ms. Parkinson was known as George.
While reclaiming the artificial heart of a musician named T-Bone (the rapper RZA) during a mixing session, he is knocked unconscious from an electric shock that might be one of T-Bone’s improvised defenses against repossession.
Rodriguez hit his first homer of the season on Saturday.
“For the past two years, Democrat leaders in Washington have spent virtually all their time ticking off items on the liberal wish list while they’ve had the chance,” Mr. McConnell said.
Luckily, no one was hurt.
(Tommasini) 20100708 ‘Die Zauberflöte,’ ‘Rita’ and ‘Gianni Schicchi’ (Saturday, Sunday, Tuesday and Wednesday) Established in 2003, the Martina Arroyo Foundation — directed by its namesake, the renowned American soprano — presents staged opera productions with gifted young singers who have participated in the organization’s Prelude to Performance training program.
And it made the transition from Arenas to Wall — the No.
He then taught law at Northwestern University, where one of his students was John Paul Stevens, later a Supreme Court justice.
“Our expedition was not worth it, obviously,” Ms. Skog said.
CORNELL 50, PRINCETON 47 Jeff Foote scored 19 points for host Cornell (24-4, 10-1 Ivy League), which has the most wins by a team other than Princeton or Penn since the Ivy League formed in 1955-56.
On Monday night, she read back through a notebook about obstacles she had overcome.
” “He is the only one to say this,” Mr. Rangel continued.
It’s not a place to come if you just want a vacation — you have to really want to come here.
Alexi Giannoulias ’s campaign for the United States Senate has something rare in politics: advance notice that a disaster is about to strike, and time to prepare for it.
Tens of thousands of protesters held a peaceful, almost festive, rally in Seoul, South Korea, on Sunday to protest the Group of 20 summit meeting that begins here on Thursday.
Halladay, who also drove in a run with a single, struck out eight batters, including Scott Rolen all three times he came up.
SACHA N. ULJON, BOSTON You may not.
“You get to build your own frozen yogurt sundae,” said Solomon Choi, 29, the owner, who opened the location last month as an offshoot of his 16 Handles shop in the East Village in New York.
And none of them were born before 1970.
Scientists recently attached palladium to graphene and then immersed it in water to carry out the Suzuki reaction.
Across town, the 20th-century choreographers were showcased at the 19th-century Palais Garnier.
“Another thing we can do for jobs is make toys of me, especially for the holidays,” he told a British newspaper, The Guardian.
He sold that company and started Mangrove Capital Partners, an investment firm, which is best known as an early investor in Skype.
Shin, who was briefly ranked No.
So it’s no surprise that a highlight of the course is a design-your-own-superhero session in which the professor exhorts students to be “as creative as you can” in coming up with a superhero “that is both scientifically realistic and extra-cool.” Creativity, he notes, is the spark of science: “Really successful scientists are the ones who have sudden insights and creative moments and take chances.”
The question hanging over the N.B.A.’s Eastern Conference finals is whether the Magic’s victory Monday night simply staved off elimination and avoided deep embarrassment for Dwight Howard’s team, or changed the momentum of the series.
He is survived by his mother Esther E. Sternberg, his brothers Adam and Lewis Sternberg, his nephew Benjamin and his niece Ella.
Christian Cantwell, a 29-year-old shot-putter from Missouri with a scrub-brush goatee and the girth and temperament of a defensive tackle, ambled through a service corridor at Madison Square Garden on Friday night, dwarfing every sprinter, hurdler, vaulter and miler in his way.
The new district attorney in violence-weary Philadelphia had vowed not to get tough on crime but to get “smart on crime.” This month, R. Seth Williams began to make good on his word, downgrading penalties for possessing small amounts of marijuana from jail time to community service and fines.
She prefers to give her care to “the injured and sick who asked for nothing except for her to lay her hands on them.” Leaving him, she smiles and sheds no tears: “She felt relieved.
She first saw it in 1976, when she and Bruce Dragoo, a boyfriend she met at the California Institute of the Arts, moved to Delaware County, N.Y., after graduation.
“They pull you from space to space to space,” Mr. Logue said.
“Or an entourage.” The meetings started seven seasons ago in Baltimore, where the three coaches forged their bond.
In 1995, he enrolled at Stanford to pursue a doctorate in applied-materials sciences and to work on energy-storage ideas.
It has deals with producers like J. J. Abrams, Jerry Bruckheimer and Brian Grazer.
''It really opened up worlds for me.''
Or, as he announced when he laid eyes on her, “Wow, you grew up!” The two were married in 1948, and by 1949 were the parents of a baby boy.
This is not a momentary phenomenon.
Call it superstition or pragmatism, but Girardi has not announced the rotation for this weekend, let alone the postseason.
She said he was “a victim of circumstance” and in the wrong place at the wrong time.
Mr. Monserrate, who sat in court at the plaintiff’s table during the arguments, was cheered as he left the courthouse by several dozen supporters brought in from his district in Queens on three yellow school buses.
The government, though, says it is doing much more and wants to make the city a testing ground for new technologies.
With the lift in ratings, the fourth-place network can win prime time, and women are certain to watch the Games in large numbers.
“If you’re using duct tape to build a game, if you need more than five sentences to explain the game, if you need more than four or five items to make the game, it’s too complicated,” Mr. Luman said.
UBS was one of the European banks hit hardest from the collapse of the subprime loan markets, and it needed to get government help to cope with its illiquid assets.
Obviously, they are not all chosen for the same reason.
Its market share rose to 16.9 percent, from 16.4 percent a year earlier.
Wearing two microphones and carrying a hidden camera, he attended at least 10 meetings in which Mr. Cook or his associates tried to raise money from investors.
Iowa, $140 million of special prison infrastructure obligation bonds.
Produced by HBO Documentary Films.
It’s just not nice enough looking or easy enough to push Beejive from the throne.
Iraqi election officials announced that turnout in the early voting reached 59 percent.
The news is even more shattering for ordinary Pakistanis, who had hoped that victory on the playing field might give some reprieve and a cause of celebration to a country devastated by unrelenting militancy, continued political unrest and its worst floods in living memory.
She does eventually win them over.
(This assumes, of course, that you even realize that “Easy Setup Key” refers to the flash drive in the box.)
But the hard-to-notice part has succeeded wildly.
ASCHER--Blanche, 87, of Jamaica, Queens, on June 7, 2010.
Reflecting on the speaking tour, he said, “A lot of people come up saying: ‘I heard you talk here,’ ‘I heard you talk there,’ ‘I read your book,’ ‘I read your blog on The Huffington Post,’ ‘I’ve seen your video.’ ” He continued, “I’m creating— it’s not about me so much — but I’m creating the sense that there is a field out there, that there is something for people to talk about.” Mr. Kaiser, who rises at 4 each morning and has not taken a vacation in nine years, is what many people would call a workaholic, albeit one who takes enormous pleasure from his career.
He lives with his wife, Toni, and son, Alex, in a tidy Craftsman house next to the river, near Mount Bachelor, where snow clings to the peak through summer.
And atheists were among the best informed about religion.
Over the past two years, entertainment options have rapidly expanded for residents of the country’s largest cities.
something has altered in me,” he wrote in his account of the tumultuous period, “No Name in the Street.” “Something has gone away.” While the “something” came back to Baldwin the man, mightily impressive and entertaining in private, as electrifying a public speaker as any who ever stepped onto a platform, it revisited the writer only in patches.
Together, they are taking on the nation’s health czars, including groups like the Center for Science in the Public Interest and New York City’s influential health commissioner, Dr. Thomas A. Farley.
Finally, after a joint resolution of Congress, Roosevelt ordered the repudiation of private and public contracts denominated in gold — contracts designed specifically to get around the danger of government repudiation.
Their first campaign encouraged children and adults to learn about United States history, while more recent campaigns used fictional characters from the films, “The Chronicles of Narnia: The Lion, the Witch and the Wardrobe” and “Disney’s ‘A Christmas Carol,’ ” to promote literacy in all forms — like reading a book or visiting a museum — among children in the fourth through sixth grades.
Eventually, though, his restless nature is likely to bring him back to “Conversations With Ice,” which he said he hoped to adapt for New York audiences, using the lessons he has learned here.
And the system proved its effectiveness by detecting the relatively low-yield nuclear explosions conducted by North Korea.
On May 19, thousands of Pakistanis responded with angry protests around the country.
Nor can victims in Germany expect the kind of million-dollar payouts that some American victims have received.
“This is like one of those movies about someone who’s about to be strapped into the electric chair and the governor calls at the very last minute.”
Dallas fans began booing him after the Cowboys were unsuccessful in the playoffs, losing by inches and seconds to the Green Bay Packers in 1966 and 1967.
He is based in Columbus, Ohio.
The firm found “something didn’t happen that needed to be fixed,” he explained, and then, according to court documents, it prepared inaccurate documents to fill in the gaps.
Most states — but not all — now require a paper ballot or record for every vote cast and routine random audits of electronic vote tallies.
They set up stand-alone clinics to care for women in their moments of crisis.
Told of the cause of the emergency response, Ms. Baker said, “I don’t think it was that big of a deal for all those trucks to be here.” She added: “Or maybe that cleaning stuff was harmful.
Asked why he doesn’t work for a major Chinese technology company, he sneers at the suggestion, saying that it would restrain his freedom.
He has scoured the studio archives for projectable prints (the great majority were junked when the 3-D boom collapsed, and in many cases the studios held on to only one of the two negatives necessary to create new copies).
If a post does not reach a certain resonance score, Twitter will no longer show it as a promoted post.
She added that she typically works far more than the standard 35-hour French workweek, though business has slowed lately as a result of the strikes and the trash.
“They’re not going to work for Babylon; they’re not going to work for the government.
A week after newly emboldened Republicans in the Texas Legislature floated a radical cost-saving proposal — opting out of the federal Medicaid program — health care experts, economists and think tanks are trying to determine just how serious they are, and if it would even be possible.
The blast occurred as schoolboys were walking home for lunch just a few minutes before noon.
AFTER five incarnations of “The Real Housewives” series, it’s safe to say that Andy Cohen knows his way around women.
At that point, of course, the applicant would be unable to get coverage from any other insurer.
That subpoena focused on communications between Mr. Espada or his staff and any agency or authority relating to allocations or expenditures.
She loved the color green; Pink Floyd ; and sentimental books and movies, like Richard Bach’s novel “One,” about life’s choices, and “Pretty Woman.” She met her future husband, Robert Pardi Jr., on her first day of college at Stony Brook University .
Allied is now the fourth financial institution that the government has effectively nationalized, after Anglo Irish Bank and the building societies EBS and Irish Nationwide.
Mr. Nappa’s Luminous, from Seneca Lake riesling, is graceful, polished, mouth-watering and off-dry, awash in the juicy pleasures of young Italian white peaches.
Of that group, the researchers found 70 to 90 appeared to be addicted to tanning, depending on the criteria used to assess addiction.
The company also offers another app that lets you listen and respond to e-mail by voice as you drive.
If we exhaust these strengths, then we’ll be in a big trouble.” To continue growing rapidly, China needs to make the next transition, from sweatshop economy to innovation economy.
She finds time spent on marketing far less rewarding.
I also wrote a paper on existential despair in “Crime and Punishment,” “The Heart Is a Lonely Hunter” (assigned to the class) and (my one foray into contemporary American literature) “Portnoy’s Complaint.” Look, I didn’t say I wasn’t pretentious; I said I wasn’t well read.
Among his successes was helping bring Lithuania into the European Union and NATO.
I’m looking forward to more.” Drew Gilpin Faust, president of Harvard, said she had enjoyed Ms. Paulus’s shows so far and praised her for attracting more students to the A.R.T.
We also ordered a few side dishes: zocolo corn (on the cob, rolled in lime, cotija cheese and hot chile pepper); spicy fresh asparagus with hot chile and mango butter; and iron pan corn bread in a roasted garlic sauce.
Though the bones with cut marks were uncovered, no remnants of stone tools were found in the area, Dr. Domínquez-Rodrigo said.
(What would a trade secrets case be without an allusion to Coke’s secret formula?)
“If I were a G.M.
“Welcome to Cuba!” On the water, stalking fish, none of this mattered.
rules are actually adhered to is open to question.
But Ingushetia’s president, Yunus-Bek Yevkurov, was far more circumspect.
On Thursday, a 100-ton steel funnel, four stories high, arrived at the scene.
Maybe winter will be mild.
Schleck also has an experienced team to support him, including Germany’s Jens Voigt, Switzerland’s Fabian Cancellara and one rider he knows quite well — his older brother, Frank .
Beginning next year, she plans to increase the amount of time she puts into her advisory role, with hopes of turning it into a career.
About 40,000 feet of boom had been placed around Pass-a-Loutre, the area of the Mississippi River Delta where the oil was expected to touch first, a spokesman for Mr. Jindal said.
“It was no problem,” said Ms. Campbell, who lives in Lake Oswego, Ore., and uses her iPad daily to write limericks and reread classic novels.
It’s just that sometimes she’s ready to explain her priorities.
Prepare to spend a weekend building your own one-minute timeline from scratch, cutting and pasting scenes from the full movie into your program, adding a music track and creating titles.
I’m a divorced dad, and I’ve made sure to follow that dinner tradition with my children.
''We believe we are still in for some volatility as different bits of pieces and progress reports emerge from these talks,'' Commerzbank said in a research note.
“If companies take a holistic view,” Mr. Sinha said, “they have the opportunity to develop the next generation’s leaders.” In fact, a construction boom in recent years has led to higher salaries in private industry.
The paid app lets a reader organize articles into folders that can be shared with others.
The criminal charges against Mr. Lomma were first reported on the Web site of The Daily News on Friday.
The caps would apply to 90 percent of the greenhouse gases emitted by the states and provinces.
“I want answers,” the complaint continued.
The rogue cycling problem needs to be put in perspective.
Well, I asked, what did he like about this drug, if it cost him so much and no longer made him feel good?
¶Online advertising spending in the United States is expected to grow steadily to reach 20.3 percent of total media ad spending in 2014, according to a forecast by eMarketer, compared with 12.2 percent in 2008.
“I always said exactly what I did and I said, and I’m very proud of what I did.” She said her outburst had “opened things up, and we came back with a just verdict.” Kenneth E. Warner, one of Mr. Marshall’s lawyers, said he would appeal the ruling.
Football players were holding out for more money long before the N.F.L.
“I was taking it like a man,” Ms. Love said.
I found a Web site called lendingart.com , which listed every big mortgage lender’s credit score requirements.
A rather eventful day in Yankee-land Saturday began with Alex Rodriguez and Andy Pettitte facing each other in a simulated game; continued with Javier Vazquez laboring through four and two-thirds innings in his return to the rotation; and, at least on the field, came to an end after everything went the Yankees' way in a crazy seventh inning.
In addition, in any mathematics curriculum, including early childhood, children are capable of learning much more than the four basic operations.
Or do they not count, even though they make up roughly 20 percent of the population?
And other cultural institutions interpret the law differently.
After Ashton nights at the old Met, he would arrange to have five vodka martinis waiting for him at a nearby bar.
When I asked for directions, a station official proudly told me about Vishnu Zende, the station announcer credited with saving lives the night of the attack by directing passengers toward safe exits even after his booth was shot at.
While “Share” buttons allow users to post links that their friends see on their Facebook pages, those links are fleeting.
They have held up transit of Chinese traders as tensions between the two Koreas rose following the March 26 sinking of a South Korean warship, said the woman, who gave only her surname, Li, because she said she feared being punished for divulging information to a foreign reporter.
He was similarly fuzzy in our interview: “You know, I don’t even have a business card.” But he was already taking a stab at his own brand of outreach, describing President Obama as “a handsome, dynamic guy, great family, beautiful daughters — has a big heart.” He said he was eager to see the White House for the first time and curious in particular about whether “they really have these secret entrances,” like the ones he remembered from “First Kid,” a movie starring the comedian Sinbad that he recently rewatched.
I cheer the achievements and success of such composers.
“A surge of guilt belted Whit in the chest.” “The simplicity was an anvil dropping on her heart.” The freshness and fun of his central idea suffers through the use of some familiar themes, including a father dying in prison, a mother (“Ma”) who runs a boarding house to make ends meet and a good girl gone bad who gives up everything for the love of a gangster.
The concept has all sorts of intriguing potential, but Mr. Heginbotham, a standout member of the Mark Morris Dance Group, reduces the implications to a weakly comic bad-dream moment of “I’m in a hospital gown in front of an audience, and I have no idea what to do.” The let-me-work-it-out-in-front-of-you strategy might be pulled off by a stronger personality with funnier lines, but although Mr. Heginbotham tries to exploit his own weaknesses in a song about being the class loser in elementary school, this mostly comes off as amateurish meandering.
The number of seats is set, and the people who occupy them in January are the people voting on the changes.
Then Anita Nall Richesson , an Olympic swimmer turned holistic nutrition specialist, began to police the players’ diets when her husband, Luke, was hired last season as the Jaguars’ strength and conditioning coach.
Cities also have much better access to piped water and proper sewage.
Many of the people in the crowd are young.” He meant any crowd these days, not just the one assembled on the Wooster Street sidewalk at the start of Fashion Week to catch his arrival (with an entourage of at least 10 people) at the Chanel boutique.
Opponents, like the New York State Catholic Conference , are expected to fight the bill.
It is essentially a booklong polemic against one magazine article: a profile of the Islamic philosopher Tariq Ramadan, written by Ian Buruma, the Dutch academic and journalist, and published in The New York Times Magazine in 2007.
The new investigation appeared more mundane than the 1980s inquiry, but it appeared to be potentially no less explosive.
Two starts, 2 wins, 22 strikeouts and plenty of fascinated fans.
“I could hear people screaming from the bar,” Murray said.
Colonel Qaddafi did not leave the lectern before giving the microphone to an unnamed representative of a Libyan-sponsored group of African traditional leaders who had crowned him “King of Kings” in a ceremony in 2008.
LOT SIZE: 35 acres DATE BUILT: 2002 This expansive Mediterranean-style home has a $60,000 geothermal heating-and-cooling system that saves thousands in electrical costs a year.
He publishes the Russian Orthodox calendar in his newspaper.
It amps up the star-power mystique surrounding artists, which in Mr. Sehgal’s case is considerable.
David Getz Michael Goldspiel New York, Nov. 21, 2010 The writers are, respectively, principal and assistant principal of East Side Middle School.
When we look closely at the records of the best (at least by WAR) non-Hall of Famers, it appears that the writers undervalue on-base percentage (as evidenced by Martinez, Raines, Bagwell and Walker, who appear unlikely to gain induction this year) and offense at premium defensive positions (as shown by Whitaker, Larkin, Trammell and Grich’s difficulties in reaching election).
Consumer groups argued that banks were making huge profits at the expense of their customers by automatically enrolling them in overdraft protection programs that charged hefty fees.
Inside the Escorihuela winery in nearby Godoy Cruz, the restaurant 1884 boasts 600 wines and specializes in grilled meats.
Which I suppose in the end is part of McKibben’s point.
Early in her career Ms. Mullova sometimes brought a Romantic sensibility to bear in Baroque and Classical repertory.
“It’s frustrating not to win,” France Coach Raymond Domenech said.
Now, outside watchdog groups can petition Mr. Wise’s office to open an inquiry.
But I wouldn’t learn a whole lot less either.
Apparently, tapeless camcorders are the future.
Pia M. Orrenius, senior economist at the Federal Reserve Bank of Dallas, said that Mexican census data showed a 67 percent decline in the outflow of migrants from 2006 to 2009, while showing no great increase in Mexicans returning home.
As part of its $500,000 attack strategy, the city will create an informational campaign that will include an online portal showing how to deal with the blood-sucking critters (it will join the city's existing rat portal) and will hire a dedicated staff to help residents and businesses control infestations.
The entertainment formula behind this short and nasty movie — devised according to someone’s idea of what teenage boys with the guile, the facial hair or the “guardian” to gain admission to an R-rated movie are likely to enjoy — is sloppy and simple.
Dr. Mary Margaret Gleason , a professor of pediatrics and child psychiatry at Tulane who treated Kyle from ages 3 to 5 as he was weaned off the heavy medications, said there was no valid medical reason to give antipsychotic drugs to the boy, or virtually any other 2-year-old.
Settlement growth has continued despite a construction moratorium announced by Mr. Netanyahu.
There is a Jewish “Nutcracker” and a “Nutcracker in the Lower (East Side).” There’s a “Nutcracker Rated R” and a gay and lesbian dance-along production.
It’s a far cry from the heroism of Gandhi’s followers, who refused even to raise their arms to ward off blows as they were clubbed.
Sewer-line trash poses a serious problem for environmental protection officials, leading to clogs that hamper the system from operating at maximum capacity when it is needed the most: during rainy weather, when storm water and wastewater share much of the pipes and can overflow into the city’s waterways.
Defenders of Proposition 8 produced no evidence to back up their claim that marriage between same-sex couples would hurt heterosexual marriage.
The three sought to remain above the fray.
Suddenly, pedestrians had to cope with brutal wind.
Mr. Wise’s report on the case — based on dozens of interviews and a review of 200,000 pages of documents — offered an inside look at the trading that goes on between lobbyists seeking earmarks and members of Congress.
There’s plenty in “The Grand Design” that, if you are not a physicist or a mathematician, will sometimes hurt your head, especially the ideas about why time as we know it does not exist.
In addition to offering 10 full-time fellowships for arts managers annually, it brings 42 arts managers from around the world to Washington for a summer fellowship program.
Guy Deutscher continues a tradition of blaming Benjamin Whorf for the “strong” linguistic determinism hypothesis (“language constrains thought”).
But managers at The Economist do not seem very concerned.
A little common sense here.
Coach Claude Julien said he felt his team was ready for the challenge of playing Game 7.
Mr. Scales, the World Bank expert, sees things differently.
As the Yale Law School professors Judith Resnik and Dennis Curtis show in an unusual new book just out, “Representing Justice” — an academic treatise on threats to the modern judiciary that doubles as an obsessive’s tour of Western art through the lens of the law — Lady Justice’s familiar blindfold did not become an accessory until well into the 17th century .
The city calculates the cost of biking, walking (9.2 percent) and working from home (3.3 percent) at zero.
Funeral services will be Wednesday, November 17th at 10am at Robert Schoem's Menorah Chapel, W-150 Route 4 (eastbound), Paramus, NJ.
He even made a cameo as a baby Elvis in the 1992 film “Honeymoon in Vegas,” appearing as a bouffant-haired tyke in a blue jumpsuit, with a fierce hip shake.
To tease these factors apart, the researchers designed two experiments.
Magen Tzedek will soon appear on packages affirming that manufacturers have treated workers fairly and cared for the environment, beyond having adhered to ritualistic standards.
Which is why many believe that while Ryan might one day have a coaching tree of his own creation, there will never be another coach quite like the original.
Doctors said Monday it was too soon to say whether the goalie, Kodjovi Obilalé, would recover enough to play again, but they were optimistic.
Josef Ackermann , the chief executive of Deutsche Bank and the chairman of the Institute of International Finance, a global industry association, suggested that derivatives, the financial instruments that gained notoriety during the 2008 crisis, had too often been unfairly maligned.
All that was needed was final consent from the district police chief, Col. Kajum Ibrahimi.
Then, in perhaps the last straw this June, the local Roto-Rooter truck driver refused to make his annual trip up the deteriorating fire road to pump out Hope Cottage’s septic tank.
Just reading Rovio’s summary of Angry Birds made me long to play it again.
“My story holds out the promise of a new Nigeria.” Shehu Sani, president of the Civil Rights Congress in Nigeria, said Mr. Jonathan’s candidacy would inevitably lead to increased regional acrimony.
A studio was set up in his bedroom, but three months ago, Sheppard backed out because he was feeling too weak.
Without medication and an identity, she would soon slide back to homeless waif.
He has yet to watch it.
playoff tradition holds that a young team must try, and fail, a few times before advancing to the finals.
But none of those plots came as close to succeeding as the attack on Friday in Viby, a mostly working class district of Aarhus.
Despite the worst economic conditions in decades and renewed national security concerns, 88 percent rated the United States as better than their birth country and agreed that they made the right choice in coming here.
Nonetheless, he said, “it’s a strong finding; it’s a big effect.” If work does help maintain cognitive functioning, it will be important to find out what aspect of work is doing that, Dr. Suzman said.
It seems as if Obama and the Democrats made the mistake of believing that a heart once won was forever won, that people would be patient, and that the mob would accept their reasoning for lack of results.
The show includes a duel with giant herrings instead of swords, a singalong version of Hamlet’s “To be, or not to be” speech and a lot of jokes at the expense of Andrew Lloyd Webber.
Is there an escape from the old-age trap by allowing younger generations to again become engines of the economy?
The forwards all compete at a high level and have the ability to play well in every zone.
The couple met at Princeton University, from which they graduated, she cum laude and he summa cum laude.
She will be greatly missed.
“They always want to talk to me, the big white guy with the Japanese name,” Fujita said.
We played a little, laughed a lot, and an older couple invited me to their home.
When its form dips, Abramovich removes the coach, buys a handful of globally recognized players and starts over.
After adjusting for fuel hedges and other special items, the company’s loss was $92 million, compared with $571 million in the year-earlier period.
That’s no reason to put it off.
The piano has always held allure for him, particularly for its harmonic possibilities.
“Our attorneys believe this gives us a chance to get a better recovery,” perhaps reaching “tens of millions of dollars,” said Robert Whalen, a spokesman for the comptroller’s office.
The Zetas, meanwhile, have broken off and became a separate criminal operation that now controls the lucrative crossing at Laredo, Tex.
As an appeal was pending, Mr. Obama won the 2008 presidential election.
A big payday is not guaranteed, however.
Children in the small Connecticut town where I live know that if they don’t qualify for the basketball or soccer team in middle school, they are unlikely to have a spot on the high school team.
“Information that took 40 minutes to transfer previously was reduced to eight minutes, and now it’s three minutes,” Mr. Burns said.
England’s neighbor Scotland faced the best team in the world, Spain, and came within 10 minutes of pulling off a great escape.
While other kinds of ships sat nearly dark on the waters when the sun went down, a whaler could look like a floating Chinese lantern, the sailors luxuriating in the light produced by the fuel they carried.
The law defined allowable agricultural exports as any product on a list maintained by the Agriculture Department, which went beyond traditional humanitarian aid like seed and grain and included products like beer, soda, utility poles and more loosely defined categories of “food commodities” and “ food additives .” Even before the law’s final passage, companies and their lobbyists inundated the licensing office with claims that their products fit the bill.
Lindsey Graham was sitting in a sedan early one morning and contentedly discussing the various fellow South Carolina conservatives who dislike him — Tea Partiers, Constitutionalists, immigration hardliners — when Van Cato, his upstate regional director, lifted a hand from the steering wheel and said: “That’s the leader of them right there.
Right now the two companies he is running — the Los Angeles Opera and the Washington National Opera — are struggling financially.
's and the nostalgic flock to Israel's to find items like a near-mint "Unfinished Business" record by the Blackbyrds ($20), or a rare John Coltrane "Quartet Plays" ($55).
However, many of the news reports and inflamed commentaries have gone beyond expressing outrage at the teenagers involved and instead invoked such cases as evidence of a modern epidemic of “mean girls” that adults simply fail to comprehend.
Eventually, a cascade of biological changes kicks in to help the body maintain a new weight.
These flares signaled at the time nothing more than the mission of the company — to open the land to industrialization.
“Helsinki was a fisherman’s village with six huts when we were the capital,” Ms. Salminen told me, betraying a hint of the one-upmanship that still affects some residents of Turku.
Live-oak trees marked for removal with a letter M were destined for Mystic, Conn., to restore the wooden hull of the Charles W. Morgan, and our 200-year-old live oak was among them.
Women sometimes constitute up to 40 percent of race spectators, depending on the venue.
The snow also stranded several teams Sunday — the New England Patriots were spending the night in Rochester after their game in Buffalo; the Giants stayed in Green Bay, Wis.; and the Jets got stuck in Chicago.
She’s seated, with a sprig of pansies held loosely in her hands.
Since Saturday night, the Police Department has dispatched additional officers to Times Square, Midtown and the subway system, according to Paul J. Browne, the department’s chief spokesman.
The Alfa Romeo that is perhaps best known to Americans is the svelte Duetto convertible of 1967.
Mr. Lipatov said the publicity had also had an impact in a separate case that involved him.
Items for the guide should be sent at least three weeks in advance to ctcal@nytimes.com , or by mail to Connecticut Calendar, Metropolitan, 620 Eighth Avenue, New York, N.Y. 10018-1405.
Couture’s nickname, the Natural, is said to underscore his antipathy to steroids and other banned drugs.
But there are subtle pressures.
Also, West probably had an ace, but was it in clubs or diamonds?
There also is a master bedroom, a second small bedroom that is set up as a study and two bathrooms.
Election officials still must be trained and ballots printed and distributed.
He wrote an apologetic letter, saying: “I gained the insight that despite the pain, humiliation, shame and havoc to my life that my suspension from the practice of law caused me, I was surprisingly greatly enriched as a human being because I am becoming a better person and more capable of making a more meaningful contribution to society.” During the suspension, Mr. Heller volunteered at Lenox Hill Hospital, collecting charts and transporting patients, and at the Mary Manning Walsh Home.
It is a very recent creation, first proposed in the mid-1960s but not confirmed until more than a decade later.
Just outside the borehole, a reporter asked Marcela Zúñiga, a nurse, when the miners would receive their first empanadas, a popular Chilean pastry usually stuffed with meat.
What happened to Keiko stands as a lesson of what not to do about Tillicum.
One is that the two systems produce different types of uncertainty.
schedule, as well as during rush hour and late-night periods.
And the pattern repeated itself at night.
“So the worst thing that can happen is to make something like waterboarding legally acceptable.” When asked if any Catholic theologians agreed with him, Mr. Thiessen named the Rev.
On the merits of the case, the best supporters could come up with to justify the marriage ban was a tired, and thoroughly specious, assertion that treating gay people differently when it comes to marriage does not offend the Constitution because “sexual relationships between men and women naturally produce children.” Arguing to uphold Judge Walker’s decision, Theodore Olson , who was solicitor general under President George W. Bush , kept trying to bring the panel back to the grievous harm inflicted on same-sex couples and their families by refusing to allow them to marry, which the Supreme Court has repeatedly said is the most fundamental relationship in life.
Still, less eccentric or far away is a 2008 study in The Bulletin of the Seismological Society of America produced by Lamont-Doherty scientists.
Spain, like many European countries, provides protection for those with permanent jobs, a fact that led some employers to expand the use of temporary jobs, which provide fewer benefits.
1 in Chinese Communist Party propaganda, writes Cristian Segura in The Asia Times.
This will increase your debt-to-credit ratio without affecting the other user’s credit.
Shorting stock or buying credit protection in order to manage exposures are typical tools to help a firm reduce its risk.
The Kalbians eventually emigrated to America, but their moral claim to the house on Balfour Street is as strong as any of the deeds held by Israelis to property in Sheik Jarrah.
Under the proposed legislation, the state’s Board of Regents would hold ultimate authority over the approval process.
Apparently, in Korean culture, red is used to record a deceased person’s name.
He was an extraordinarily important part of all of our lives and will be greatly missed.
The Dragonflies arrived at 6:30 a.m.
Perennial sellers are not actively tracked.
MADISON Museum of Early Trades and Crafts “Lenape: Tools and Daily Living,” exhibition that explores Lenape life before European influences.
In 2007, Dr. Belov and her colleagues compared DNA from 26 sick and healthy Tasmanian devils with DNA from the tumors.
In her 50s, she, too, was laid off, from her supervisory job of 15 years, and she moved in with her elderly mother.
“It’s never easy to disagree against a majority,” he said.
A marathon for women was not added to the Olympics until 1984.
When we finally managed to put aside those fears and embrace the challenge, we were reminded that we were not fully in charge of our strategic plan.
“Everyone wants to feed and clothe the homeless.
Blizzards began New Year’s Eve , when an avalanche forced a diesel locomotive and snowplow off their tracks, and continued Friday, when three workers sent to repair the damage were swept up, according to the news service RIA Novosti.
He encouraged the team to create a database of fans so it could improve its marketing of ticket plans and other products.
More glass shoes had been glued to a six-foot silver-and-faux-candle candelabra.
Indeed, the delay in finding a new leader appears to stem in large part from an identity crisis at the association.
The Koch brothers, maybe, but the biggest winners will be the Chinese, who are already moving briskly ahead in the clean technology race.
A woman, a very proper English senior vice president in her mid-50s, related a story about an overnight flight from New York to London.
Specifically, they inquired about how many hours each day the men spent watching television or sitting in a car.
Legal experts argue that in a civil context, Mrs. Mitchell would seem to be protected by Texas whistle-blower laws .
He made $862,657 in cash, which includes $262,657 in perks for things like car expenses and financial counseling.
has announced failures at 57 banks , including seven in Illinois on Friday night.
Late Thursday, there was no indication that either side was backing down.
The destruction of the tapes, in particular, was seen as so striking that the Bush administration itself launched the special investigation after the action was publicly disclosed.
Armstrong is 22nd over all, 30 seconds behind Martin.
Zych (pronounced zitch), from Plano, Tex., is Harvard’s 137th football captain and is considered to be an N.F.L.
“We shouldn’t suffer the consequences.”
We are all people who have lost our land in one sad way and found another.
6 seed at Roland Garros, Roddick is hardly ever considered a contender here.
It means that so, too, is the stain created when the mayor and the City Council subverted voters’ will to keep themselves in office for years more.
United States Treasury yields are rising.
— and after they had determined that Greece had no other options.
“Yahoodi,” he murmured quietly, the Arabic word for “Jew.” I put my arm around the shoulders of our 14-year-old daughter, Florence, her perfect ringlets of blond hair tickling my skin, before I felt a shiver run down her back.
Beginning Oct. 6 the Brooklyn Museum, above, will keep later hours, the museum announced, staying open until 6 p.m. on Wednesdays and 10 p.m. on Thursdays and Fridays.
Days on end can easily be spent picking one’s way up and down Mardin’s stone-paved lanes, exploring markets, dipping into mosques and medreseler and refueling with glasses of tea.
Mr. McAllister was schooled at home, along with his younger sister, for religious reasons, they said.
“I don’t love basketball that much.” As Bledsoe was blossoming into an elite player, top basketball programs poured into Birmingham to try to get a copy of his transcript.
The panel found that the Treasury treated GMAC with greater lenience than it did G.M.
On his Web site, Roche, an Irish rider, wrote, “I had great difficulty in not putting his head through the nearest window” in light of the incident.
The Trustees, Fellows and staff of the American Academy in Rome mourn the loss of Christina Huemer, beloved Drue Heinz Librarian Emerita, and spirited leader of the Arthur & Janet C. Ross Library for 15 years, who died November 12 after a long illness.
Federal prosecutors, seeking to build a case against the WikiLeaks leader Julian Assange for his role in a huge dissemination of classified government documents, are looking for evidence of any collusion in his early contacts with an Army intelligence analyst suspected of leaking the information.
What do you think of Mr. Cuomo?
Passed away on February 20, 2010.
This is still true today, because the record labels are slow in paying the mechanical royalties that artists are entitled to.
Directed by Andrei Konchalovsky ; written by Mr. Konchalovsky and Chris Solimine, inspired by the Tchaikovsky ballet; director of photography, Mike Southon; edited by Henry Richardson, Mathieu Bélanger and Andy Glen; music adapted and scored by Edward Artemiev, lyrics by Tim Rice; musical staging and choreography by Stuart Hopps; production design by Kevin Phipps; costumes by Louise Stjernsward; produced by Mr. Konchalovsky and Paul Lowin; released by Freestyle Releasing.
After his baseball career, highlighted by the 1986 World Series victory with the Mets, Gooden struggled with drug problems and served a six-month sentence in 2006 after a conviction for possession of cocaine.
“I’m extremely grateful,” he said.
His comeback lasted barely five minutes: A hamstring tweaked, and the distressed Hargreaves limped out of the game.
If you’re crafting or you’re careful or you’re too guarded, why are you on there?
On a rainy night last Monday, unable to get a cab between the Michael Bastian men’s show on 10th Avenue and Marc Jacobs at the Armory, just north of Gramercy Park, Mr. Goreski found himself walking.
In some cases, Mr. Leibowitz said, even after a distressed homeowner became up-to-date on all of his or her payments, Countrywide would start another foreclosure proceeding against the same borrower.
A. It’s always good to be running in the front.
“It can’t say ‘cash only’; the bond was done,” Mr. Judelson yelled into his flip phone as he trudged toward the parking lot.
“I think they definitely are playing well, but for us, it’s not acceptable the way we competed against a team like them.” COYOTES 5, RED WINGS 4 Shane Doan’s goal 3 minutes 50 seconds into overtime capped Phoenix’s comeback from a two-goal deficit in a win over host Detroit.
The newspaper’s editor, Mikhail Mikhailin, said he believed the attack was related to Mr. Kashin’s assignment — covering youth political movements and protest actions, among other political themes.
Your daughter, Sosie, had a role in “The Closer,” as Brenda’s teenage niece with an attitude.
Now, it means someone named Seantrel Henderson is flying to New York to announce his college choice on national television, and if we later hear tales that he complained his lobster thermidor was too salty, we will not bat an eyelash.
He hit 10 of 13 shots and led an efficient night for the Bobcats, who got 26 points from Boris Diaw while shooting 58 percent from the field as a team.
Mr. Dockery, who played several positions, including cornerback, reached professional football by way of Harvard — not exactly a traditional feeder school.
As the boy grows up, Seltzer wishes he’d been chosen by M.I.T alone, not by God.
In recent weeks, the Iranian authorities have released dozens of high-profile opposition figures who were arrested after the disputed presidential election in June, rights advocates said Friday.
The hedge fund FrontPoint Partners will liquidate its $1.5 billion health care fund in the wake of allegations that a manager at the firm received insider information from a French doctor, a person familiar with the matter said.
Hallogallo 2010 also includes Aaron Mullan from Tall Firs on bass and Sonic Youth’s drummer, Steve Shelley, repaying a debt to Mr. Rother’s pioneering band, Neu!
Experts on Tuesday pointed to institutional politics.
(Although you can pay $35 for an Ideas insider pass, which guarantees you a seat to all the events, in case they are full to overflowing.)
“The question is legacy: Is he Elvis or is he not?” Mr. Lefsetz said.
“We’ve got to keep the process open,” said Vincent D. Reda, the party’s first vice chairman, who said he thought Mr. Levy was “an attractive candidate.” Asked if Mr. Levy could be the Republican nominee, Mr. Reda said: “It’s a long shot, but it’s not out of the question.
The member of the Bonanno crime family, Frank Lino, said that he and other members went to a Mets game against the Montreal Expos during a trip to meet with the Canadian branch of the crime family.
“The impact of O-Tech technology on the archery industry could completely revolutionize the sport,” Hoyt’s president, Randy Walk , wrote in an e-mail.
But O. scapulalis’s host plant is not corn, but a weed known as mugwort.
Mr. Talabani’s statement on Sunday called for a recount to “avoid any confusion or doubt” about the results.
I laughed because I felt touched by Ms. Boneva’s devotion, her lifelong sacrifice to an institution whose weaknesses she clearly recognized but that she loved anyway — as a parent can love a child, I thought.
Thanks to the in-kind contribution of this “nonpolitical” series, Palin needn’t join standard-issue rivals like Mitt Romney , Newt Gingrich , Haley Barbour and Tim Pawlenty in groveling before donors and primary-state operatives to dutifully check all the boxes of a traditional Republican campaign.
The houses lining them thus have no space for cars — a factor that has contributed to an overall parking crunch.
After the talk, people chatted in the lobby, and Mr. Balagun shared amusing tales: like the one about how the supermodel Tyra Banks once ran into the Brecht to use the bathroom, and how the singer Bjork once rode by on the handlebars of a bicycle.
His operas let singers do what they have been trained to do, and what they do in the theater when not performing operas by contemporary composers.
“I find it really difficult if I’m asked to, say, design a chair.
Her voice carries a touch of her native west Texas, though she has been in New York for more than 30 years.
Both were jailed last summer, but Ms. Amrabadi, unlike her husband, was freed after a few months.
The gun lobby previously convinced an obeisant Congress that “long guns” like military rifles and shotguns were not favored by criminals and deserved a pass at dealers supposedly catering to sportsmen.
With a heavy heart and a businesslike resolve, Sandy Alderson reported to work Monday, honoring his commitment to the Mets in general and to Jose Oquendo specifically.
And demand has increased for office space near Microsoft, Oracle and Facebook, local real estate companies say.
Testwell, a 41-year-old company with headquarters in Ossining, was hired to evaluate the strength of concrete used in projects including the new Yankee Stadium, the Freedom Tower at ground zero and the Second Avenue subway line.
Lee is being pursued by Chicago, Miami, Minnesota and the Nets, as well as several teams without cap space that want to acquire him in a sign-and-trade deal.
South Korea is reluctant to go to the United Nations Security Council , after China watered down sanctions against the North for its apparent role in the sinking of the Cheonan, a South Korean warship, which killed 46 sailors .
“That’s insane, we can’t play football in the Big 12 and the first four picks went out of the Big 12,” McCoy said.
PHOTO: During a medevac flight on Thursday, medics from the United States Army's 101st Airborne Division treated an Afghan Army soldier who had lost one of his legs to a roadside bomb in Kandahar Province.
It really underlies my entire philosophy of how to run a business.
He is strongly favored by the party’s “Blairite” wing, named for former Prime Minister Tony Blair, who as party leader pioneered the modernizing movement known as New Labour starting in the early 1990s.
Then I hear you callin’ out Help!
The conclusion is that the biology of the living planet has yet to reach its proper place in human affairs.
You’re conscious of your shortcomings.
“The potential to help people make behavior changes and lead healthier lives is tremendous.”
In short order, his brick two-story house on Beach 128th Street in the Rockaways, just off the ocean, was swarmed by detectives and uniformed officers from New York City and the Port Authority.
When that didn’t work the official line went to the other extreme.
MONCZYK--Allen J.,died of natural causes in Brooklyn at age 58.
In the center of the country’s capital she saw graffiti on a wall that read, in large letters: “Let’s drown Russians in Jewish blood.” She and her husband, Victor, 73, survived Hitler and Stalin, tough postwar years and the challenges of perestroika.
“These men were boasting about their number of children.” And while Dr. Fischer is reluctant to draw facile comparisons between humans and other primates, she couldn’t help thinking of her male Barbary macaques, for whom no display carries higher status, or is more likely to impress the other guys, than to strut around the neighborhood with an infant monkey in tow.
The Associated Press reported Wednesday that the Federal Bureau of Investigation had opened an investigation into whether Ms. O’Donnell used money from her three political campaigns to pay for personal expenses like rent for her home.
There were rough patches in the playing: some inexact entrances and skittish bursts of brass.
While Twitter has nearly equaled Facebook in awareness among Americans — 87 percent now know of it, compared with 26 percent last year — it still lags behind in use.
Last year the Hall’s exhibits department built a 19-foot-tall metal trebuchet to demonstrate the principles of physics during Catapult Month (a k a October).
He called the Bills’ overtures flattering.
What would become of a child born of such a mismatched union?
All of them can grow bigger than most kitchens can handle, some stretching over 2 feet long and weighing more than 50 pounds.
Mr. Zahir said there were many accounts of such confiscations from new employees in government work programs.
From 1991 to 2005, the Braves made 14 consecutive appearances in the postseason.
And once the Braves relocated to Atlanta, in 1966, nestled in a bandbox whose cradling air currents lofted any decently smacked fly ball out of the park, the chase for immortality was on.
Efforts to reach Mr. DiGuglielmo for comment on Friday were unsuccessful.
“We don’t think small,” Mr. Marquis said.
Looking around the dance floor I see people who used to be married to other people.
On Jan. 1, Tyler Smith, a star basketball forward, was arrested with three other players near campus after a traffic stop.
The same is true in the Fire Department, where felony convictions bar candidacy, said Francis X. Gribbon, the chief department spokesman.
''Chase may own it, but it is part of New York's cultural patrimony.''
“With all the publicity out there, people are thinking twice before automatically just getting a new Toyota,” said Ron Pinelli, president of MotorIntelligence.com.
Preview performances began Friday at Circle in the Square.
And yet he has refused to wield it, shaping the relationship between Islam and the state at a crucial juncture in Iraq’s history.
“We strongly believe that we can deal with the perceived loss the province anticipates,” Ruban Yogarajah, a spokesman for BHP, said.
And others drove faster than reason itself, seeking out serpentine back roads in their souped-up Mercs and Chevys where the oak trees couldn't quite get out of the way.
could not comment beyond the information already filed with regulators.
Through the small details and telling asides we learn the fundamentals of this friendship, founded on a mutual sense of generalized alienation.
Nearly 20 minutes earlier, the race for the gold medal was nearly as close, Petter Northug of Norway eclipsing Axel Teichmann of Germany by three-tenths of a second with a time of 2:05:35.5.
After performing, figure skaters retreat with their coaches to a spot just off the rink to wait for their scores, sometimes for several minutes.
(Allan Kozinn) 20100225 NOÉ INUI (Tuesday) This Greek-Japanese violinist won the recent Young Concert Artists International Auditions.
He became a devotee of Instapaper, the quick-archiving app that lets you set aside good reading for offline mobile viewing, but even that didn't do the trick.
But the commission also attributed the shortages to the way emerging economies use policies on trade, taxation and investment to reserve their resource bases for their exclusive use.
Restaurant du Village closed last July: L&E opened the next month.
I am saying that it would have been far less likely.
“So the incentive — the return on investment — should be at the individual level as well.” PERSONAL health decisions also suffer from an information gap.
One day Kathy Ceceri noticed a tick on her arm and started to worry that it was the kind that carried Lyme disease.
“We think that’s part of the attraction, the fact that we are a traditional college.
The officials said Mr. Gates told the Saudis that the United States was committed to protecting its allies in the Persian Gulf from Iran, which Western nations say is building up a covert nuclear arms program.
“When I started grad school I felt like it was kind of taboo to study the placebo,” Dr. Wager said.
There's a concern you're just sort of tossing it into this gumbo and giving the show an intellectual veneer when those characters' actions and motivations don't correlate to their namesakes.
The author of the second verse, Carol Beery Davis, a white woman who played the Wurlitzer organ during silent movies at the Palace Theater in the 1920s and later became the state poet laureate in 1967, devoted much of her life to learning and writing about native Tlingit songs and culture.
Those rules have been the subject of a fierce lobbying battle over the last eight months by British officials who fear that the rules will erode the position of the City of London as a global financial hub while doing little to protect the financial system.
WikiLeaks was not involved in the news organizations’ research, reporting, analysis and writing.
Paul McDonnold Dallas, Jan. 14, 2010
“The allegations reported today are beyond disturbing — they are horrendous,” Mr. Schneiderman said in a statement, adding that “out of an abundance of caution and to avoid even an appearance of conflict, I have directed my campaign to return any and all contributions from those cited in this report.” His opponent, Daniel M. Donovan Jr., the Republican district attorney from Staten Island, said the report was another example of the conflicts Mr. Schneiderman would face if he tried to pursue corruption.
Michael Edelman, a lawyer and Republican political commentator, said the lack of comment from Mr. Bradley’s Democratic allies, all outspoken on issues like domestic violence, was telling.
Consideration of that measure was blocked in September, but Senator Joseph I. Lieberman of Connecticut said recently that he and other repeal supporters have enough votes to pass the bill if Senate leaders allowed extensive debate.
Two new documentaries tease apart that question in relation to two very different wars and two very different governments.
“Unfortunately, I had a bet with Justice Sotomayor about the outcome,” he told The Philadelphia Daily News in April.
The couple met at Stanford, where she received a master’s degree in education policy, organization and leadership studies, and he received a law degree.
Sales at stores operating for at least 14 months increased 7 percent.
The new line of dishwashing soap ($3) is notable.
But more than anything, Fitzgerald’s narrative rhythms, as interpreted by Mr. Shepherd, are what create the specific configurations of time and space, as the reader’s enthusiasm, excitement and agitation meld with those of the narrator.
“The e-mail arrived on my BlackBerry and I couldn’t open the attachment with the specifications, so I just said: ‘I’ll take it.’ It’s a beautiful turquoise and mustard frame in exactly my size.
$4 to $10; children 4 and under and members free (includes admission to the Art Space for Children).
Mr. Stein had dropped hints in an interview with Opera News, which is published by the Metropolitan Opera Guild and was already in print.
Last year, in addition to the motel fiasco, a party bus full of juniors had to return to school after several students drank themselves sick.
The player who best manages the inevitable momentum swings of a best-of-five Grand Slam semifinal will win this match.
In bowing out, she joins the infamous judge Simon Cowell, who departed in May.
The providers of six browsers with small market shares, whose logos do not appear immediately on the choice screen, wrote to the European Commission last week, seeking greater visibility.
“But if you look at their work from today’s perspective, they emerge as the founding fathers of predictable, automated music-radio formats.” Still, by 1975, Drake-Chenault Enterprises, their consulting company in Canoga Park, Calif., was serving about 350 client stations with makeover advice and totally automated packages in six formats.
This is nothing to do with logos or overt symbols.
In 1994 Ms. Parsons gave up art to do full-time advocacy work for the homeless and the mentally ill.
Many Flemish voters resent their taxes’ flowing south.
...Jochen Hecht had two goals and Ryan Miller made 27 saves in Buffalo’s 5-3 victory over Carolina .
TAPED inside the entrance of the parking garage on 25th Street a few steps west of Avenue of the Americas is a little paper sign with 27 exclamation points along the bottom.
Even administrators in districts that start school after Labor Day have only weeks to rearrange class rosters.
Two years ago, when the grungy Wicker Park icon Filter Cafe was ousted from its prime location in the Flat Iron Arts Building by a bank, its clientele was forced to seek other venues in which to lounge while drinking the occasional cup of coffee.
Just over a page long, it gives us a first-­person narrator who inexplicably produces two babies in two days.
Giacomettis were also selling well on Tuesday night.
“We think that we can do better.
“Following its successful restructuring, CIT is well-positioned to continue its role as a leading lender to small businesses and the middle market,” he said.
No, I don’t think it matters.
After pressure from unions, pressure groups and public unease, the government has acted.
“If you get control of the plumbing there are lots of things you can do because the plumbing was never designed for a world where there is a lack of trust.” The essential plumbing components are the routers, which direct traffic on computer networks.
I’m still here, and things have settled down.” He introduced school uniforms to encourage students to focus on academics more than on fashion, and he built up art and music programs.
“I was actually nervous,” Dr. Wolpaw said.
Mr. Shaoul added the sixth and seventh floors to the walk-up buildings in 2006 and 2007, prompting tenants to sue the Department of Buildings for issuing permits allowing the expansion.
Over all, the volume of JPMorgan’s outstanding loans is still falling, a fact that can be used to support one popular explanation of what is wrong with the economy: Banks won’t lend, or perhaps borrowers won’t borrow.
But musically “Lifted Off the Ground” is limp, a light, middling, folk-influenced country album with only brief flickers of attitude.
Travel Warnings, the recently redesigned State Department Web site says, ''are issued to describe long-term, protracted conditions that make a country dangerous or unstable.''
Several service employee union officials said many leaders and members preferred Ms. Henry because Ms. Burger was viewed as too close to Mr. Stern, generating fears that she would take a top-down approach like the one many say he has taken.
In Los Angeles in the 1960's he directed the controversial one acts by LeRoi Jones, Dutchman and The Toilet, and was the executive director of Theatre in the Parks where he directed an interracial version of Anthony and Cleopatra starring Diana Sands and Robert Lansing.
Once again, we, the audience, are way ahead of her.
Brown, the Public Service Commission chairman, said in a statement that the commissioners “are always concerned about the impact of any rate increase on ratepayers, especially in these extraordinarily difficult economic times” but deemed the increases necessary.
“I think we’re in trouble.
Those fines helped build a village.
And since there was no school on Thursday due to a professional development day for teachers, the possibility of a four-day weekend may be too hard for some students to resist.
STAMFORD The Antique and Artisan Center ''Arnold Skolnick: New Paintings.''
Ben Pearlman, a commissioner for Boulder County, Colo., said he was worried that treating the energy liens as loans could set a precedent that would undermine local governments’ ability to pay for municipal improvements through tax assessments.
So she fled, at 19, packing her optimism with her, and after a year in Canada and a stretch on Long Island, landed in the mayhem of the South Bronx in 1981.
Stories like “Pierre Menard, Author of the Quixote” and “The Book of Sand” refer to epic plots, but it’s the ideas and erudition, more than the action, that are colossal.
This is a signature work of the conductor Valery Gergiev , who saved it for the final concerts of his three-week Stravinsky festival with the New York Philharmonic at Avery Fisher Hall on Friday and Saturday.
It would have to be tested through mathematics before it was built.” The best writing concerns the courage of construction workers — “scaffolding and ladder men, painters aloft in their bosun’s chairs .
There are also more gay and lesbian candidates in general now, a surge that Mr. Wolfe ascribes, in part, to newly elected — and openly gay — leaders like Mayor Annise Parker in Houston and Simone Bell, a lesbian who won a seat in the Georgia House of Representatives in December.
The Spanish cycling federation has the responsibility of determining whether Contador broke the rules.
Anyone, anywhere, with an Internet connection — from Bill Gates down — can log on and download these materials without cost.
But more thrilling is the distinctness of her neck and arms, long, clear and powerful.
“There was no grass left.
He is a free agent after the season, and Sternberg has pledged to cut the Rays' $72 million payroll.
To assume everyone is out for himself or herself?
But now cities are reconsidering, in part because of lawsuits filed by opponents, but also because too many shoppers in San Francisco and Palo Alto simply shifted their carry-out purchases to paper sacks, which have environmental costs of their own.
The Nazis, in specific, a charming SS officer brilliantly played by the Austrian actor Christoph Waltz, win.
“Although I am a romantic at heart,” the judge said, this was a “damn stupid thing to do.” The defense rested its case later on Monday in the penalty phase of the trial, in which the jury is considering whether to impose the death penalty.
It was resurrected in 2002 by Bernard R. Fleury, the founder and chief executive of Production & Marketing Horloger, after he acquired the patent on the Cricket movement.
Inspired by Lucy Liu’s character in Quentin Tarantino’s 2003 move “Kill Bill: Vol.
Brodeur stopped all 32 Rangers shots.
The bridegroom’s mother works in Manhattan as the associate director of the Randalls Island Sports Foundation, which helps oversee Randalls Island Park.
That way, in a word, was multiculturalism, the reigning dogma of the Dutch left in the 1980s and 1990s.
Currently, the unemployment rate is elevated and measures of underlying inflation are somewhat low, relative to levels that the committee judges to be consistent, over the longer run, with its dual mandate.
Calabash Bay; (876) 965-0635; islandoutpost.com/jakes; entrees $9 to $21.
“It’s a problem,” a senior State Department official said, adding, “It’s unhelpful to the efforts that we’re trying to make.” Daniel C. Kurtzer, the United States ambassador to Israel from 2001 to 2005, called the issue politically delicate.
A veteran racer from Tarnaby, Paerson is a 10-time world championship medalist, and although she managed to finish third last season behind Vonn and Riesch, she has been plagued by knee injuries in recent years.
1 offense at 461.8 yards per game.
Tell me something unusual about what it’s like to work at Kimpton.
Meanwhile, he is looking for a bone marrow donor.
Here are some of the latest developments.
ESPN's early-season Sunday night schedule reveals one inescapable fact: the network loves the Mets.
Her valor and courage in triumphing over life challenges, her strength, wisdom, creativity and loving devotion to her entire family and friends will always be cherished.
The opportunity to hit here again thrilled Sabathia, who may have had second thoughts after trying to hit off Padilla.
The Jets played in the first game.
The spirit of Horton Foote, the Pulitzer Prize -winning playwright and screenwriter, will live on in a playwriting award that will be given for the first time this fall.
I attract a lot of takers.” MS. STANGER — uncensored, irreverent and disarmingly charismatic — is but the latest in a long line of female relationship gurus, from Helen Gurley Brown, to Ellen Fein and Sherrie Schneider, the co-authors of “The Rules,” who purport to know a thing or two about the sexes.
“He wanted to be the one who controlled where the money went,” he said.
“Many places are cut off, but it appears the weather will improve a bit today and we will be able to airlift supplies to those places,” Mr. Colom said at a news conference.
Pointing to a nearby building, he said, “I have class every day in that building that lets out at 12:30, and if the truck’s here, you can’t really pass it up.
A holdout juror’s claim that another juror’s threats caused her to cave in and convict Brooke Astor’s son of fraud was exaggerated and inaccurate, Manhattan prosecutors argued in a brief filed on Friday.
Six ways to brighten up your nights.
Bill Halldin, a spokesman for Bank of America, declined to comment.
This film is not rated.
Mr. Ehiem accused magistrates of “ruining his life,” it added.
For at night and during the day, the Lambs Club in 2010 does not recall 44 so much as it does the heyday of another clubbish restaurant on 44th Street devoted to the twin joys of celebrity and soothing luxury: the now-shopworn if still-beautiful Sardi’s.
Mr. Goulding also led the planning for a command and control center at the United Nations headquarters in New York to keep officials linked day and night with all peacekeeping operations around the world.
Just ask Tyson Robichaud, a professional photographer from Portland, Ore., who recently bought a Panasonic Micro Four Thirds model, the Lumix DMC-GF1.
Mrs. Clinton, in presenting a two-year review that has been one of her signature projects, declared that “leading through civilian power saves lives and money.” Among key changes is a heavier emphasis on resolving conflicts and a pledge to reinvigorate the United States Agency for International Development .
Sweets ranging from delicate cookies to ruinously extravagant sculptures are made, tasted, thrown out and made again.
A Mississippi congressman asked the Justice Department on Thursday to investigate the use of potentially contaminated FEMA trailers to house cleanup workers involved with the oil spill in the Gulf of Mexico.
Mr. Kim is little known outside South Kyongsang Province, on the southern coast, where he served six years as the province’s popular governor.
epidemic , a situation made agonizingly clear in Susan Koch’s quietly unblinking documentary, “The Other City.” The title derives from Washington’s split personality: as the illustrious home of politicians and monuments, and as a metropolis with the highest H.I.V.
“They’ll just surround themselves with extra lawyers.”
The built-in memory has doubled (to 16 gigabytes), and the mostly useless glowing bubble beneath the screen has gone away.
A speeding car driven by a man whose license had been revoked because of dangerous driving and who had been smoking marijuana plowed head-on into a group of cyclists in southern Italy on Sunday morning, killing eight of them and injuring four others, police officials said.
“This country is falling apart,” the Australian journalist decides, “not just at the edges but at its core.”
Among those preparing to evacuate, he said, was a drill rig that is working on a relief well, which is considered the ultimate way to seal the well.
If true, that would suggest that foreign students might have been involved in the plot, as in the attempted bombing of a commercial jetliner in Detroit last Dec. 25 by a Nigerian trained in Yemen.
Barclays doubled its profit last year and reported a $4 billion gain on the brokerage in 2008.
Treasury securities , which had soared in recent weeks, driving the yield on benchmark 10-year Treasuries below 3 percent, abruptly reversed course and tumbled.
J. doesn’t see security from the same vantage point as we do,” one trooper said.
If you stop them from getting into the money, they’ll have enough to retire.” Mr. Cook is helping younger athletes through Pro Player Connect, a social networking Web site.
“I wish it had a history,” she said.
The new 5 displays all those champion’s tendencies, along with some weaknesses: a sense of aloofness in some situations (aggravated by its new electric power steering) and an inclination to show off its technical prowess.
While the majority of Chinese students in the United States are still graduate students, the recent growth has been strongest among undergraduates.
Born in New York to Louis and Esther Bella Sherman.
But the North American Free Trade Agreement, which went into effect in 1994, did not have an identical effect on American trade with Mexico, in large part because of that country’s currency crisis later the same year.
Mr. Putin upbraided Mr. Deripaska, who promised to treat the workers better.
A plaque explains that when the canal opened in 1834, Rocky Hill was rocking: there were a dozen or so houses, two stores, two taverns and a wool manufacturer.
At the very least, the city could start layoffs with the 1,600 teachers who earned an “unsatisfactory” rating last year, or the 1,100 in the Absent Teacher Reserve, some of whom have been unable to find jobs in schools for more than three years and who remain on the payroll at a yearly cost of $100 million.
But when polls showed that Scott Brown , the little-known Republican state senator running against her, had closed the gap or pulled ahead, officials from both parties, unions, business groups and others descended on the state.
To the Editor: Re “ The Country Can Learn a Lesson From These Students ” (Editorial Observer, Dec. 6): Brent Staples’s compelling call for more science graduates, particularly more minority graduates, should be considered as important as a call for increased national security.
“We have done a lot of work, making sandbags and stone pitches to build up the embankments,” he said.
“And even if it helped solve one case — imagine if that child returned home was yours.”
The blog said that even in Boston, the number of people opting out made up less than 1 percent of all travelers screened.
Consumer advocates say that giving troubled borrowers due process is a matter of fairness.
In Tumsifu, a slightly more prosperous village of dairy farmers, Virginia Wairimu, 35, is benefiting from an underground tank in which the manure from her three cows is converted to biogas, which is then pumped through a rubber tube to a gas burner.
It’s been that way since Truman.
Beilein braved a Buffalo snowstorm to scout Textile and believed he had its offense down, but when Le Moyne met Philadelphia, not one set was the same.
Real estate agents, home builders, Wall Street executives, many economists and millions of homeowners were all saying that home prices would not drop, and the typically sober-minded officials at the Fed persuaded themselves that it was true.
The two men were shot to death when they came out of their home, armed with Kalashnikov rifles, to investigate.
It soundslike she’s become a sort of… thing… a problem…a thing… LARRY: Well, she’s, she’s seeing Sy Ableman.
Mr. Bilhuber and his book, published more than a year ago, were there as bait.
Beyoncé’s people found Ms. Gottesman through AdWords and hired her to provide entertainers, as did the White House.
The Chicago Bulls , the Utah Jazz , the Phoenix Suns and the Knicks each parted with longtime franchise faces.
BENGALS RESTOCK SECONDARY The Bengals, scrambling for help in their injury-depleted secondary, signed the rookie safety Jeromy Miles from their practice squad.
Yumi set off for America with a fake South Korean passport.
But it is also likely to increase the cost of affected mortgages, because banks will seek to pass on the costs of that risk to home buyers.
; 413-848-2860; skiblandford.org ; $45) This larger community ski area has what few others do — two terrain parks and five lifts for its 22 trails.
The winner, who will receive about $77,000, will be named on Oct. 12.
WEINBERGER--Phyllis, died too soon and too young on January 28, 2010, in Delray Beach, Florida.
Many private student lenders are pulling out of the business because of new rules enacted by Congress this year that effectively ended the Family Federal Loan Program, which allowed banks to issue student loans backed by the government.
What does it mean to be a community member?
The more exotic offering is from Gyration: the Air Mouse Elite takes a cue from the Nintendo Wii and Sony's Playstation Move controllers.
“First, he’s a businessman,” he said.
The sweeping order from the governor was the kind that gives Japanese bureaucrats heart attacks: plans for a three-story airport terminal, painstakingly laid over years, were to be scrapped and replaced with a single-floor layout.
“I’m 39,” I suddenly decided, changing history on a whim, as if I were Pravda during the cold war.
But now San Francisco ’s civic boosters have decided they want to add a highly unlikely stop to the tourist itinerary: the Uptown Tenderloin, the ragged, druggy and determinedly dingy domain of the city’s most down and out.
And so it went, for nearly 25 years — with a 13-year lull in which the killings seemed to stop — black women, many of whose struggles with drugs had worried or alienated their families, were found dead and discarded around the streets and alleyways of South Los Angeles.
The Giants had their own disadvantage, finally getting to play a football game after a weekend odyssey of having their plane diverted from Minneapolis to Kansas City because the airport was closed.
Three leaded-glass ceilings from one of Mr. LeRoy’s previous restaurants, Maxwell’s Plum, sold for a total of more than $350,000 including the premium.
For these reasons, the European safety agency said there was no way of knowing whether the seats would provide enough protection to air travelers in the event of a crash or other catastrophe.
Decade after decade, we see her dissecting South Africa’s censorship laws, showing how their ostensible concern for public decency is really just an excuse for the suppression of dissent.
OCT. 10In the final 2:18, Freeman orchestrated two scoring drives, the last one ending with a 31-yard Connor Barth field goal to beat Cincinnati, 24-21.
While investors welcomed news that Athens would raise taxes and cut spending by $6.5 billion this year, analysts warned the moves might not be enough to avert a bailout for Greece or to contain the crisis shaking Europe and its common currency, the euro .
Ms. Herndon is wonderfully wistful.
When I asked him what he meant, he shrugged his broad shoulders.
Tax cuts and spending increases stimulate demand and raise output and employment; tax increases and spending cuts have the opposite effect.
But then declarer would have had the hand entries to establish her fifth heart and won seven spades, three hearts, one diamond and two clubs.
The very notion of health differs depending on where a patient is from.
“We made a wrong strategy for three reasons,” he said.
The Swiss drug giant Novartis is paying $422.5 million to settle criminal and civil investigations into the marketing of the antiseizure medicine Trileptal and five other drugs, federal officials said on Thursday.
Animals must be handled with care, fed a specific diet and slaughtered with a swift cut to the carotid artery.
Beloved husband of the late Esther.
Given the political climate, he looks like Einstein.
These include hundreds of independent book retailers (statistically weighted to represent all such outlets); national, regional and local chains; online and multimedia entertainment retailers; university, gift, supermarket, discount, department stores and newsstands.
Several beers and small mammals later, our clothes reeking of smoked meat, we paid the bill and jumped in a cab, directing the driver back to District 1.
A central bank can evaluate developments in a country better than three guys in an office in New York.” The remark relates to an uncertain and unlikely moment in 2011 when a possible decision by Moody’s, the ratings agency based in the United States, involving Greece’s solvency, could set off a fairly improbable chain of events resulting in the E.C.B.’s incapacity to back Greek bonds.
In a separate report, manufacturing in New York State grew in June even as employment declined, supporting the view the factory sector was recovering.
The stakes are high for all sides.
His lesson from Hurricane Katrina was that it takes time to move in supplies.
thing to get your laptop online.
I suspect they will welcome the challenge of giving her a deeper understanding of Israeli life that they believe will alter her views.
But then “The Jay Leno Show” would come on, bringing the family séance to an end.
The key word there,though, is guessing.
''The New Voice Lost an Old FriendAlthough Bob Sheppard did not announce a game from the new Yankee Stadium, his presence has always been part of the place.
“I have the feeling they took it very seriously.” Since it was warned by the governing body in June, the Russian federation has fired at least eight cross-country skiing coaches and support staff members who worked with athletes caught using the banned blood booster EPO.
First, he shocked himself by omitting Stewart Cink from his team introductions, an awkward moment in an otherwise smooth production.
On the street, the Indian women are perceived as sober and intimidating, but the biggest menace in the barracks is homesickness and depression.
director, Leon E. Panetta, who met Thursday with the Pakistani military chief, Gen. Ashfaq Parvez Kayani, part of a stream of American officials who have come to alternately cajole and coerce Pakistani cooperation.
As it was, Democratic lawmakers were unhappy that he kept the trip on the schedule as long as he did, given the do-or-die nature of the debate.
Why don’t you start right there?
To an unprecedented degree, the military has provided access to bases and commanders to commemorate the moment ahead of Sept. 1, when the mission will formally become what the military has called “advise and assist.” The American commander in Iraq, Gen. Ray Odierno, said about 49,700 troops remained here, and roughly that number would stay through next summer.
Re-education is necessary, particularly because close calls are causing confusion among officials (who flagged the wrong player on the Collie hit), reporters, fans and, most important, players.
As Lysacek stood on the podium, he listened to the national anthem being played and beamed, with the heavy gold medal hanging around his neck.
He pitches the graduate student program as a way to train young, inspired people to think exponentially and solve the world’s biggest problems — to develop projects that will “change the lives of one billion people,” as the in-house mantra goes.
That meant not just the use of signature fabrics like Gore-Tex but also treatments to dye, spray and print camouflage effects.
Mr. Orecchio’s company, AA Capital Partners, invested about $23 million in Xyience, and AA Capital rewarded Mr. Kontilai with two million Xyience shares.
If rosemary is not your thing, or you have an allergy, try marinades with garlic, onion and lemon juice.
There is nothing for it but to return home.
And Europe, India’s most important export market, could drag on India, especially if its debt crisis undermines global growth.
“His season was filled with ups and downs, but to sit here now, it’s like a dream.
People staggered deliriously through the streets, their throats parched from the powerful summer heat and their energy levels at a low ebb.
The opposition Web site Jaras has reported that the government is planning to broadcast interviews with detained reformists to coincide with the anniversary of the presidential election.
It was a wonderful experience, and I’ll tell you why.
''We have not been supplying gasoline to Iran since October last year and we are not renewing a small number of contracts to refuel Iranair,'' he said.
“Brain trauma is not correlated to success in football.
Johnson, who is likely to be among the biggest names in this summer’s free-agent class, may be costing himself millions with his performance in the playoffs.
But others point to uncertainties gnawing at businesses and households as portents of subdued growth.
And it signals that the site, which has become one of the largest news destinations on the Web since it started in 2005, is investing significantly in its growth.
It will be followed by Mr. Shinn’s “Picked,” the story of a young actor dealing with life changes after a famous director casts him as the lead in a big-budget Hollywood movie.
People with disabilities emphasized the need for better access for wheelchairs and power chairs.
Building permits, however, surged to the highest level in a year, indicating future construction would probably be more robust than expected.
The painter James Bishop is one, an American who long ago moved to France and has exhibited rarely since.
“Fingers together, strong frames ... no talking!
The islands have been the scene of protests for several decades, with Chinese from the mainland, Hong Kong and Taiwan claiming that Japan seized them in the 19th century and should have returned them after the end of World War II.
In addition to SeenON, Delivery Agent runs e-commerce sites for many networks and studios, including ABC, CBS, NBC, Fox and HBO.
Wallace, Hoover and Clark are introduced, then largely disappear as characters, hovering in the background like idle zeppelins.
Admissions officers said they tried to look beyond SAT scores and grade point averages, asking applicants, for example, how they had overcome difficult family or personal situations or how they achieved goals.
But the process by which nations come together, get to know each other, is more complex and mysterious and subtle than meets the eye.
An area called Station North, in a cluster of streets within walking distance of the city's lovely Beaux-Arts railway hub, Penn Station, was named one of Maryland's first officially designated arts districts in 2001.
And Ms. Mulligan holed up with the be-hatted Olsen twins.
goaltenders as a whole, according to Dave Nugent, a vice president of Vaughn, which makes equipment for roughly a third of the league’s 60 regular goalies.
Yet as welcome as these lifelines are, they may be threatened by a bill introduced earlier this year before the House of Representatives, the Comprehensive Alcohol Regulatory Effectiveness Act of 2010, or H.R.
Boston has a large Irish-American population, while many British of Irish descent live in Liverpool.
But Cindy and Dean remain, for all their sustained agony and flickering joy, something less than completely realized human beings.
(At that time, they had three.)
ON its Web site, Facebook says it’s “giving people the power to share and make the world more open and connected.” But the online world outside of Facebook is already a very open and connected place, thank you very much.
The relief efforts became tangled in bureaucratic snares and rigid commitments by British authorities to free-market solutions.
The delicately painted details, like the translucent tears streaming down several faces and the potent gestures of grief, convey a most poignant depiction of sorrow.
The Op-Ed editors asked four painters, two in Haiti, two in the Haitian diaspora, to create works that reflect on the disaster and its aftermath.
“In some countries like the United States and China growth has already slowed.
I love teaching people.” Howard Stone , an author of “Too Young to Retire,” warned that starting a business can be emotionally grueling because it can mean lots of rejection in struggling to get clients and customers.
There were the intermittent squeals of drunks somewhere nearby, the wide-awake children, a man who paced the corridor talking on the phone or to himself.
Based in Paris, Sanofi reported 30.7 billion euros ($39.6 billion) in revenue and 5.3 billion euros in net income last year.
Federal courts reported over 158,000 bankruptcy filings in March, or 6,900 a day, a rise of 35 percent from February, according to a report to be released on Friday by Automated Access to Court Electronic Records, a data collection company known as Aacer.
Toyota had a particularly strong performance in the three months through March — the period when the Japanese automaker recalled millions of cars and was under the intense scrutiny of consumers and governments around the world.
“Being Pat Metheny with his grand vision, he wanted one of everything,” Mr. Singer said.
After almost 60 repetitions, the cheerful instructor declared the set over, and the group sighed with relief.
A woman of great style and joyful spirit, she will be deeply missed by all who knew her.
It might be weeks or months before anyone knows what exactly was bothering him in this series — the sore right elbow, teammates, coaches, a personal matter or some as-yet unannounced injury.
She sees bingo two ways.
New York City’s new Green Infrastructure Plan is designed to save $2.4 billion over 20 years as part of a sustainable strategy for clean water.
Richards, who also had an assist, deflected a slap shot from just inside the blue line by Chris Pronger, giving the Flyers a 3-2 lead 3 minutes 37 seconds into the final period.
Imitation lobster, mixed with pickled ginger mayonnaise and candied wasabi, suggests a kitschy, too-sweet Japanese version of American comfort food.
It is the long-anticipated third installment (this time in 3-D) in a series that helped Pixar establish computer-animated family fare as the film industry’s most reliable moneymaker.
The 30,000 posters will be distributed in 5,000 theaters across the United States.
Those fees pay for the salaries of the 150 people from Alvarez & Marsal now working inside Lehman (down from a peak of 185), including Mr. Marsal himself.
As the contest lurched toward an unpredictable finish, both sides believed the race would hinge on women voters not aligned with either party.
Is it SilverSTEEN or SilverSTINE?
You get to work everywhere in the world.''
Christopher Ilitch was a star player in high school and now plays forward for the Liquidators, an adult team in suburban Detroit.
A week earlier, I had interviewed Danleigh Borman, a 25-year-old midfielder for the Red Bulls of M.L.S .
His persona is so much a part of the public imagination that it looms even over a movie as devoid of autobiographical echoes as “The Ghost Writer,” which had its premiere Friday at the Berlin International Film Festival and opens in New York and Los Angeles on Friday.
(The ones near the suits are an exception.)
; IN BROOKLYN: Chucky Bostic, a mailman, on Eldert Street.
St. Jude recently completed a small study of 40 patients and is starting a large clinical trial.
International 3-D Society, Los Angeles, formed a marketing committee as part of efforts to promote 3-D production to advertisers and agencies.
The city’s Department of Transportation and the Metropolitan Transportation Authority hope that bus travel times will improve by about 20 percent.
To my surprise, I found no questions at all, and I read the transcript through a second time just to be sure.
“Talk Stoop” started out traditionally enough, as a perky segment on New York Nonstop, the local NBC affiliate’s digital channel.
Then he declined to show up for the 20th anniversary of the fall of the Berlin Wall — the completion of Churchill’s and Roosevelt’s work.
Mr. Zhang insisted on keeping ticket prices low, at $9 a day, and limiting corporate advertising.
But that same freedom can present problems: a review of public documents shows that many charter schools have spent money in questionable ways and have experienced significant conflicts of interest.
when its share price plummeted after it restated results for years before 2004.
But the department argues that the 1982 law under which it collects the waste fees does not permit it to use the money for “interim storage.”
Scientists from Britain , France , Ireland , Morocco and the United States participated in the research and were co-authors of the team report.
Dadaab is replete with grocery stores, cinemas, hotels and international bus offices.
Perhaps if the unions that Mr. Brooks vilifies were more prevalent in corporate America, then more of the profits might end up in workers’ wallets.
“What we have to do now is come up with some sort of solution.”
As the best scenes spool forward, they are maddening, beautiful, eloquent and repugnant all at once.
If Ms. Silva can muster 12 to 15 percent, she could push the vote into a November runoff, Mr. de Souza said.
“It underscores the fact that these people can be brought to justice despite the time that’s passed since their crimes were committed, and in that respect it’s very important,” Mr. Zuroff said.
Another problem for the economy is that, once the crisis began, families and individuals started tightening their belts, bolstering their bank accounts or trying to pay down borrowings (another form of saving).
claims, and in fact, that the deal was a success, in that it conveyed “risk that people wanted to have, and in a market that’s not a failure.” To which Senator Jon Tester, Democrat of Montana, replied, “It’s like we’re speaking a different language here.”
That was too bad: after the lush playing these musicians brought to the works by Ms. Tower and Mr. Carter, in particular, it seemed a pity to close the concert with such a scrawny performance.
WHERE TO EAT Dinner is served on Saturday nights at the Buttermilk Falls Inn , and food is available at the Falcon.
But there are always risks to inviting outsiders into one’s home, particularly if the place is prone to crime, labor strikes and mini-rebellions in the townships over the lack of street lights, piped water and toilets.
Awareness of this trend probably accounts for the recent art trade emphasis on clarity and monumentality and the striking progression of 20th-century modernity.
J., you’ve got to do this.’ ” When the women’s coach at Yakima Valley Community College called to see if she was interested in transferring, Nance-Johnson said she would, but only if her husband could have a tryout.
Ayad Allawi , a former prime minister who leads the most formidable coalition trying to unseat Mr. Maliki, held his own news conference to complain about irregularities in the early voting.
I’m an animal-loving, cello-playing, cross-country-running nomad who has gone to six school districts in three states because of my dad’s stupid career.” I spend a lot of time in high-pressure communities, speaking to anxious mothers and fathers like me.
In Iraq, the Acarsan Group, based in the southeastern town of Gaziantep, just won a bid to build five hospitals.
The most advanced spambots can’t even recognize letters as well as we can, let alone recover the meaning that lurks behind them.
But Audrey Louise Reynolds, a 27-year-old self-taught designer who lives in Brooklyn, has emerged as the fashion world’s artisanal fabric dyer.
Ms. Sullivan (a puppy herself — Yale School of Drama, 2009) is so lovable, so personable and so full of anthropomorphized canine life that audiences cannot resist siding with Greg (John Procaccino), her besotted new owner.
is left to pursue a narrow case, while Bank of America executives are trying to resolve various inquiries without dropping their position that its executives did nothing wrong, legal experts said.
The Orioles have the misfortune of playing in the same division as the Yankees, Red Sox and Rays.
“He’s been living in his spot for 15 months.
But the current system is far worse.
After completing some long-unfinished chairs, he cleaned his woodshop, had a heart attack and died two days later in a plain hospital bed.
WaMu eventually did collapse under the weight of souring mortgage loans; federal regulators seized it in September 2008, making it the biggest bank failure in American history .
At one point, the cable said, Mr. Kouyaté “visibly slumped in his chair” and acknowledged that Guinea’s most powerful drug trafficker was Ousmane Conté, the son of Lansana Conté, then the president.
There are other live theaters on Long Island, but hardly any that book the kinds of acts he did: Al Di Meola, Richie Havens, Livingston Taylor, Phoebe Snow.
Arseniy Yatsenyuk, a former Ukrainian foreign minister, said Mr. Yanukovich had no right under Ukraine’s Constitution to extend the lease.
The family letter said that Smith had had two hospital procedures in the past three years, one for knee replacement and the other for an abdominal aortic aneurysm.
In a season when the electorate is thumbing its nose at incumbents and turning away establishment candidates across the country, voters in Ohio will settle a showdown between the two men’s starkly different governing philosophies, voting records and political liabilities.
While this happens, a man will occasionally lift a woman, so that this jump becomes amplified into a large-sailing arc, still with one foot raised.
“I only took that with a grain of salt,” he said in a 2007 article on the Vanderbilt Commodores’ Web site .
An interview about her new album, “Soldier of Love” (Epic) — only her sixth studio album dating back to her 1984 debut, and due for release on Tuesday — stretched into a four-hour conversation.
In 1928, during a summer-school teaching gig at South Carolina State College, he overheard two students speaking a dialect he couldn’t understand.
The White House fired back on Friday at Senator Richard C. Shelby, Republican of Alabama, who on Thursday put a ''blanket hold'' on dozens of President Obama's nominees awaiting confirmation before the Senate.
“As a neurotic New York Jew, what feels like real life to me is so much more awkward than what I always see onstage.” Awkwardness is not the impression one gets when talking with Mr. Gold, 32, who scored a hat-trick last season with glowing reviews for his productions of Annie Baker’s “Circle Mirror Transformation” and “The Aliens,” and Stephen Belber’s “Dusk Rings a Bell.” What he projects instead is composure and intensity, with hints of sly humor.
The Red Sox were trailing the Yankees , 3-0.
It seems impossible there is anything new left to see.
The only way to get rid of the tumor was an ex vivo operation — meaning that his surgeon, Dr. Tomoaki Kato, removed his liver, operated on it outside his body to cut away the tumor, which weighed 10 pounds, and then sewed the liver back in.
“If you do it enough times, you get used to the feeling.
“I call it the ‘Where’s the beef?’ question said Tom Scheinfeldt, managing director of the Center for History and New Media at George Mason University.
The school sits next to a public housing complex, the Bronxchester Houses, and opposite a string of tidy homes.
As another alternative, the agreements also require that the Internal Revenue Service action be concluded once the I.R.S.
It could take an interim government and another election to get a clear governing mandate.
In 1952 Mrs. Baring-Gould and her family moved to Pound Ridge, NY, where they had purchased a 200 year-old Colonial farmhouse.
The United Nations mission chief in Haiti, Edmond Mulet, has now ordered the United Nations police commissioner here to begin an independent inquiry.
“We continue to face tough competition with respect to the high end of our mobile device portfolio, as well as challenging market conditions on the infrastructure side,” the company’s chief executive, Olli-Pekka Kallasvuo, said in a statement.
(Le Poisson Rouge) 8:15 P.M. LINDA OH Another bassist, this one newly established: Ms. Oh, now in her mid-20s, made her debut last year with “Entry,” a pared-down, self-released album.
And anyway, when it comes to banking, boring is good.
The group wants to build a 25,000-square-foot center, with space for classrooms and a playground, on a lot it bought in 2000.
Her fourth-place finish waited four years for a rewrite of its own.
And he was a Yale graduate, at a top-20 firm.” Elizabeth Tillinghast, a former lawyer who is now a practicing psychiatrist in Manhattan, said: “Lawyers are famous for having high levels of depression and anxiety, but it has increased.
Earnings were announced after the market closed.
Ms. Veil, who also served on the Constitutional Council, is considered responsible for legalizing abortion in France as minister of health in 1975 and is one of the most popular women in the country.
Alarmed by the unrest, the central government has sought to pacify the region with a combination of largess and an iron fist.
The vast majority of people with clearly ethnic surnames who applied to change them did so as a result of marriage (belatedly adopting a spouse’s surname or creating a new hyphenated one) or childbirth (because they were legally identified when they were born only as a male or female child or were adopting a parent’s name).
Business groups said it might take retailers weeks to recover from the storm-related loss of revenues.
Asked if she can be a full-time mother and a part-time Grand Slam champion, Clijsters smiled and said, “That’s what I’m going to have to be.” She added, “It’s hard to answer and kind of predict what the future will bring, but it’s definitely something as a mother your priorities change.” Clijsters, who is from Belgium, said she has turned down endorsements that would trade on her status as tennis’s most high-profile working mother because the companies wanted to include Jada.
Police shot rubber bullets and tear gas into the crowds.
“It’s not like 20 years ago,” he offered, without looking up.
“Then we can be of better service to the world and to our culture.” In an expansive interview in the front parlor of his residence on Madison Avenue — the only news interview he has granted since he spoke to a Catholic television station after last Tuesday’s election — Archbishop Dolan discussed his surprise at his election, whether the bishops will push for repeal of the health care overhaul and what Pope Benedict XVI said about condoms .
The movies don’t just teach us about life, after all — they also teach us about cinema.
9 P.M. (Starz) DID YOU HEAR ABOUT THE MORGANS?
With its exemption has been withdrawn, Beef Products Inc. deserves the closest possible scrutiny: its beef is widely used, not just in schools.
He is charged with murder with gang-related enhancements, which carries a sentence of life in prison without parole or the death penalty.
On the left is William Miller, an awkward kid from Amiens who becomes the darling of Paris’s clubland as he seeks ever greater fame.
“And I’m still cooking.” “Complete Mythology” is exhaustive, even a bit excessive.
(PHOTOGRAPH BY ETHAN MILLER/GETTY IMAGES); Texas-El Paso guard Randy Culpepper leads the Miners with 18 points a game.
The small house was on a street filled with similar houses and well-tended front yards.
“Farley,” the radio host, John Gambling , corrected.
Having been told by advertising agencies that his style was too arty when he first started out, Mr. Kosinski decided to prove that he knew how to sell products by imagining what an iPod might look like in the future and designing a commercial for it.
The tens of thousands of government agents monitoring the Internet at the Ministry of Information are working overtime.
“I’m in the government, still in the government actually, but it’s something that’s not mine, you know?” he said.
The administration said that it would investigate the steelworkers union’s petition for 90 days, after which it might seek bilateral consultations with China that could lead to the filing of a W.T.O.
Some observers said they thought the committee on economic affairs would vote against the UBS deal, prompting an outpouring of lobbying from Swiss business groups and others backing it.
The nation is overconsuming and underinnovating.
In the report last year, the I.L.O.
CHURCH OF ST. IGNATIUS LOYOLA (Roman Catholic), Park Avenue at 84th Street.
“I’m sure he got a lot of work in practice,” Penguins wing Bill Guerin said.
When he was 8, they won another.
As Stephen Colbert observed last week, after the G.O.P.
Ryan Theriot, 30, is a useful player and a gamer besides, but the Cubs would be a better team with him at second base instead of shortstop.
This is a more complete version of the story than the one that appeared in print.
Since the announcement of a nearly $1 trillion bailout package for Greece and other fiscally strained euro zone countries, turmoil in global markets has not abated.
But she shouldn’t let the fame go to her head just yet.
The creative legacy of the impresario Serge Diaghilev and his Ballets Russes, with its stunning synthesis of music, dance, costumes and visually arresting theatrical design, is the focus of a blockbuster exhibition in Moscow that marks a firm Russian re-embrace of the flamboyant man whose company amazed Europeans 100 years ago.
It was these Bakelite napkin holders that look like birds, from the 1950s.
Surely, the Mets had no desire to sit in the dugout and watch their rivals jumping on one another in celebration.
“As is the case with most settlements, this is a compromise where nobody comes out a complete winner,” said Lewis D. Lowenfels, an authority on securities law at Tolins & Lowenfels.
“Until recently a lot of Americans didn’t even believe that was true, because they saw such persistent gaps in the education outcomes.” Mr. Legend is on an advisory board of Harlem Village Academies, three small schools that held a glittery fund-raiser at Lincoln Center last week.
At box offices, on billboards and in bus stops across the country, the movie’s poster depicted the actors with guns in each hand.
Mr. Faxon, 62, has led the publishing unit since 2007.
The merger would put pressure on American Airlines, which was once the market leader, but which would drop to third place.
What kind of answers have you heard through the years?
Greece had for years understated the degree to which it was borrowing money, a practice Mr. Trichet called “intolerable.” While the country is not in imminent danger of default, refinancing its debts will be difficult without action to restore confidence, analysts say.
is likely to be irresistible to Oracle and Mr. Ellison.
Zayat countersued, saying that Fifth Third’s officers employed “misleading, deceptive, and predatory practices.” This month, he filed for bankruptcy protection for his Zayat Stables.
“Matty, I love you,” he said as he ducked along the wall.
The result would be to afflict the afflicted, to make the lives of Americans with pre-existing conditions even harder.
Mr. Goldin was instantly smitten and agreed to put the spectrometer on the International Space Station, which was desperately lacking scientific credibility, bypassing the agency’s normal peer-review procedures and setting off resentment among other cosmic-ray physicists that still lingers.
But if oil prices stay high and gas prices remain low because of shale gas, that view could be history.
The ball got away from catcher Henry Blanco, allowing Ibanez to reach first.
The Sunday shoppers at the St. Petersburg Trade and Publishing House hardly noticed the remarkably tall man flipping through compact discs.
“I’ve lived in two places, which are one.” The book, which honors the contributions of Latinos in the United States, recounts her years of service through the prism of the civil rights movement.
At first, he said, all seemed well.
2 P.M. Continue on Franklin Avenue, turn right on Fulton Street, and look for the miniature knight guarding Israel's Record Shop, 1118 Fulton Street, (347) 886-5611.
In its report on jobless claims, the department said a four-week moving average of new filings, which economists prefer because it smoothes out weekly fluctuations, rose 14,250, to 473,500.
And sometimes you want company, a roomful of it, so you can orchestrate your breaths, commiserate with grunts and revel in that final om.
But even if stocks start to rebound, John S. Osterweis, president of Osterweis Capital Management in San Francisco, wonders, “Which mean will stocks revert to?” In theory, stocks could revisit their long-term historical total return of around 10 percent a year, going back to 1926.
(Schweitzer) 20101104 Garrick Ohlsson (Wednesday) Last season Mr. Ohlsson, a magnificent Chopin interpreter, began the Chopin Project, a selective overview of Chopin’s piano works, touching on most of the composer’s favored forms.
Pretty soon, all I could dream about was skiing.” Upon graduating from Dawson College in Quebec in 1973, Melamed headed west to ski — first to Jasper, Alberta; then, when he heard the season was longer there, to Whistler, where he arrived in an old Volkswagen bus.
That tip was the third and most specific alert from the Saudis in a chain of increasingly urgent warnings to intelligence and counterterrorism officials in Britain, Germany and the United States, the officials said.
They are still not enough.
President Jimmy Carter , who coordinated the talks, made a personal visit to Mr.
Then again, the Bears' offensive line played so poorly in August (19 preseason sacks) that it may not matter who is taking snaps or calling plays.
People sometimes ask me, seriously, what my goal is in life.
Sani Mudi, a spokesman for the local imam, said 22 people died in fighting between Christians and Muslims after rioters set fire to a Catholic church on Sunday.
The latest crackdown by the Bloomberg administration has done little to spoil their fun.
The Habs had won the Cup five times in a row and finished 17 points ahead of the Hawks in the 70-game season.
“It’s neither a yes nor a no, am I correct?” asked Mr. Colin, now frustrated.
“The Romans used to burn their bridges so they could not go back,” Leone said.
He guessed that 15 percent of his classmates had done so, vanishing with so little warning that their parents could never accept that they left voluntarily.
At its peak, the viewership of the game in Canada reached 13 million.
On the reading assessment, the proportion of test-takers who were Hispanic rose to 17 percent in 2009, from 14 percent in 2005.
Then there’s the Cole Porter standard “The Tale of the Oyster.” Ms. Grimes recalled meeting him at one of his famously lavish dinner parties at apartment at the Waldorf-Astoria.
Rather, the problem is enforcement on the ground and growing demand from populations that are often simply not fully aware of just how endangered the creatures they are consuming are.
Senator John McCain, a member of an American Congressional delegation meeting Friday with senior Pakistani officials in Islamabad, defended the drone attacks , which are extremely unpopular among residents here because they also have caused unintended civilian deaths.
Nikolai Kulemin and John Mitchell also scored shootout goals for the Leafs.
While she didn’t want to prejudge the outcome, she said the hope was that a winner would be selected from the 19 nominees.
Listen to the radio?” “On the other hand, you could pull over and take the call,” Sergeant Savage admonished.
The study’s conclusions contrast with those of a report last year by the United States Preventive Services Task Force , an independent group that issues guidelines on cancer screening, questioning the benefit of screening women younger than 50.
Custom framing of two photographs in white, flat-front, 23 1/2-inch-square wood frames by Excel Art & Framing, $400 Rematting of two photographs by Gallerie Hudson, $100 Benjamin Moore Natura paint (two gallons in Dark Basalt, a gallon and a quart in Touch of Gray) from Janovic Paint, $165 Painting services by local painter, $300 Parsons Custom Table base (14 by 48 by 34 inches) with Indoor Natural Steel tubing (1 1/2 inches wide) from Room & Board (shipping included), $350 Pine planks (two 14-by-48-by- 3/4-inch pieces) for tabletop, from Lowe’s, $30 Valspar high-gloss white paint for tabletop (one quart) from Lowe’s, $8 Zinc hooks (32 in style 10603VB) from residentialessentials.com , $115 3M 220-grit sandpaper (one sheet) to prep hooks, from Home Depot, $5 Rust-Oleum Satin White Universal spray paint for hooks (one 12-ounce can) from Home Depot, $14 Poplar lumber for hook molding (three 4-by-8-foot pieces) from Home Depot, $30 Production and installation of coat rack and installation of art by ILevel staff, $560 Large rectangular Hyacinth woven basket with lid from Aero, $7 5 TOTAL: $2,152
When things inevitably go awry, the public is treated to a “special investigation” that ends by letting the responsible parties off the hook with the conclusion that no one could have predicted the sadly all too predictable outcome.
Mr. Geist will field her pitch, assisted by the columnist Mike Barnicle or the commentator Pat Buchanan; then Joe will join in, and before long, another regular guest, like Jonathan Capehart of The Washington Post, will throw out another topic, like reading an angry e-mail message he’d received from Al Sharpton.
One of them makes his mother’s mole, a red kind.” So sit at one of the handful of tables outside or counter seats inside — both have good views of the ocean — and sample any of the simple tacos (with fish, chicken, pork and vegetarian fillings, among others; single taco, $4), hefty enchiladas ($13 to $17) or chimichangas ($14 to $16).
My wife made me get a cellphone, which I keep in my briefcase.
“Everyone’s trying to figure out how we can serve a customer that’s trying to save every penny they can,” said Steve Nave, senior vice president and general manager of Walmart.com .
“So anyway,” he continued, “we met, and I said: ‘I’m going to Japan.
Stanley G. Korenman Los Angeles, Feb.16, 2010  To the Editor: Although you do not think small ideas will do much, you provide a good list of small ideas that would improve the cost and availability of health care.
Fiercely loyal, will literally do anything for you.
The day he resigned, Kouwe told John Koblin of The New York Observer that he did not knowingly plagiarize and couldn’t explain what happened.
And Mr. Gates ordered the creation of more “tiger teams” of experts to increase the number of remotely piloted surveillance aircraft over combat zones and to cut the time it takes to evacuate wounded troops to hospitals.
Yet Flickr’s data shows that the most popular camera among its 55 million users is a smartphone, Apple ’s iPhone 3G.
After the polls closed at 5 p.m., party leaders said two coalitions seemed to have fared best: the one led by Prime Minister Nuri Kamal al-Maliki , who has campaigned for a second time on improved security in Iraq, and another led by the former interim leader, Ayad Allawi , who has promised to overcome Iraq’s sectarian divides.
Farmers and mobsters, get ready to jump into a covered wagon, head west and settle a homestead.
Hydrate Ridge (44degrees35'N / 125degrees10'W, 800 meters deep) is at a convergent plate boundary, or subduction zone, where the Juan de Fuca plate runs into and sinks below the North American plate, so finding hot fluids would be pretty unusual, i.e.
It's nothing like the ''green room'' of a million surf posters.
Asked about Mr. Karzai’s demands that the NATO-led coalition stop carrying out night raids and limit airstrikes, which military commanders consider among their most effective tools but which have caused civilian casualties, President Obama was blunt.
“If he had gone negative, it would have changed my view of him,” said Ms. Trabue, 58, a Postal Service worker who came to the rally here.
It is not what I would call major surgery.
Survived by her cherished children Barbara, Michael and Steven, adoring grandchildren and great-grandchildren.
These contracts, according to the company’s annual report, “provide the basis for a recurring revenue stream as students progress through successive grades.” The company protects its “intellectual property” by having teachers and students sign confidentiality agreements, according to information filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission.
“When you come in from the outside riding a white horse saying, ‘We will choose your leader, we know what is best for you,’ it reinforces this notion that the people don’t know what’s good for them.” “It is,” he added, “the very essence of colonialism.” Despite the controversies surrounding him, Mr. Espada enjoys significant advantages, including name recognition, the potency of incumbency and a well-stocked campaign fund: as of July he had about $323,000 on hand compared with $38,000 for Mr. Rivera.
Mrs. Heller's father was a world-renowned financial policy expert, first at the old Bank of Manhattan and, later, as a senior partner at Lazard Freres & Co.
But the state’s Democrats rejected a request by Mr. Greene’s opponent for the Senate nomination, Vic Rawl, to turn back the clock in another way.
But even if Iraq’s production does not rise to this level, IHS CERA predicts “it will eventually join Saudi Arabia and Russia as one of the largest global producers, with increasing influence on OPEC and world oil markets.” New supplies are only part of the equation.
On the other hand, privacy is not an issue in Van Cortlandt Park in the Bronx — at least not in the restrooms in the park’s southwest corner.
8 seed trying to topple a No.
As that benchmark birth demonstrated, in 2006 the United States was a very different country than it had been less than 40 years earlier, when the number of Americans topped 200 million.
In essence, the Knicks swapped the future for the present, and draft picks for free agents.
Clean both with warm soapy water after each use.
A haunting melody in the clarinet and sighing motifs in the strings convey the anguish of the maiden grieving her faithless lover, with imaginative use of percussion, including a rain stick, adding drama and textural nuance.
These were the heroic years when New York was toppling Paris as the capital of art, and Castelli assisted in the upset by opening his gallery in time to provide the first-ever glimpse of paintings of Coke bottles and cartoon girls, of Liz and Marilyn and Elvis — brightly fetching, accessible images whose rascally audacity gave establishment critics like Hilton Kramer a case of permanent heartburn and only enhanced Castelli’s love for his adopted homeland.
GadgetTrak Available for Mac and Windows PCs, with versions for BlackBerrys, iPhones and Windows Mobile phones, all priced at $24.95 a year with multiyear discounts available, GadgetTrak takes a photo of the user with the computer’s Webcam, either every 30 minutes or whenever the computer is awakened from sleep.
“Vail was wonderful to me,” Vonn says, “but I missed all the traditional things of childhood — sleepovers, school dances, making friends in a conventional way.
History buffs and first-time visitors had questions this week.
However, during an interview with an Idaho law enforcement official, he acknowledged having consensual sex with his accuser.
He graduated from St. John’s in Jamaica, Queens.
Now, the United Way raises money around three core issues, which it addresses with proprietary programs.
What we do know, however, is that based on our experiences leading up to the last supposed Democratic debacle, candidates may have more control over their destinies than they think.
Another of the president’s proposals, a cap on federal loan payments for recent college graduates at 10 percent of income above a basic living allowance, would cost taxpayers roughly $1 billion.
Thousands of victims and families entered a special compensation fund created by Congress and were paid more than $7 billion; a much smaller group chose to file lawsuits, which have been settled over time for about $500 million.
Shark experts say there may, in fact, be more great whites out there.
In February Nomura raised $3 billion on international debt markets, its first United States public bond sale, to back its push in the United States and globally.
Buildings, many made of mud, are crumbling.
“He did a terrific job — the best he could,” she said.
After Thursday’s victory, Avery said that Parenteau, a former Ranger, had mocked the Rangers’ bench after an Islanders goal.
Admission is free unless noted.
Two weeks ago, the reform network was buzzing with the news that the political consultant Basil Smikle had announced that he was running against Perkins in the Democratic primary this September and that Perkins’s opposition to charters would be his main issue.
Norwegian also offers an interactive video component: its ''Vacation You'' function allows users to create their own dream cruise vacation video by choosing images from a video library.
An interim step could be the creation of an E.U.
He choked up when asked about the spill’s effect on the lives of his neighbors.
Excluding one-time costs that included $12 million for restructuring and $10 million in deferred tax payments related to the health insurance reforms, the company said its adjusted earnings came to 54 cents a share.
For Tuesday night’s concert he chose two staples: Brahms’s Violin Concerto and Mahler’s First Symphony.
Dear brother of Phyllis and Marvin Barasch.
They are vaccinated against diseases that apes can catch, take deworming pills and even defecate in bags that they carry back to camp so as not to risk infecting apes with human parasites, which has happened at other sites, he said.
Public Theater, 425 Lafayette Street, at Astor Place, East Village , (212) 967-7555, publictheater.org.
A repeat violation by Ms. Christian could result in Annabelle being removed from her care; indeed, two students lost their dog privileges last year after the Pet Council ruled that they were not taking appropriate care.
Residents regard the community as so desirable that they quickly tell their children or grandchildren about houses for sale.
He was also founder and president of the European Organization for Research and Treatment of Cancer , president of the European Society for Medical Oncology and a fellow of the Royal Society of Medicine and the New York Academy of Sciences.
The word love appears often, a pop cliché he was suddenly comfortable with.
Along with yearning, there is a palpable sense of loneliness running through “longing two,” most hauntingly captured by Ms. Uchizono, whose face, whenever exposed, is gravely ancient.
Interbank lending rates surged late last week and on Monday and must now come back down very quickly to persuade banks to keep issuing letters of credit, Mr. Tao said.
“Saddam Hussein had nothing to do with 9/11,” she added, “and I have never seen anything to make me change my mind.” But, she said, “it was not a judgment that found favor with some parts of the American machine” — namely Donald H. Rumsfeld, the United States secretary of defense at the time.
Early indications are that higher education will bear the brunt as legislators begin hacking chunks out of a budget that has an anticipated shortfall of at least $20 billion.
You can’t get past the person ahead of you unless you push them off the ladder.
The N.F.L.’s personal-conduct policy gives Goodell broad powers to discipline players for conduct detrimental to the league, even in the absence of criminal investigations, civil lawsuits or workplace complaints.
Prince added of the television anchors, “These are people who are ambassadors for stations, and role models.” On ABC, Mr. Sanchez said he would be happy to have his job at CNN back, and went out of his way to praise the channel as a “wonderful, wonderful organization.” This week the chief executive of Time Warner, Jeff Bewkes, was asked on Fox News if the company would consider rehiring Mr. Sanchez.
Mr. Obama banned brutal interrogations.
In another European exhibition game, the Minnesota Wild beat Ilves Tampere, 5-1, in Finland.
The Colts went on to win the Super Bowl.
Wholesale solar panel prices spiked from $2.5 per watt in 2002 to more than $4 by 2007.
“I also told him,” Shanahan said, “that I cannot guarantee him that he will be back next year.
Life in this coastal community centers on seafood — mullet, shark, shrimp and oysters.
Grounds for Sculpture, 18 Fairgrounds Road.
Smith & Company, in 1985, after spending years climbing the ranks of Bear Stearns.
In June 2010, its Redwood City clinic closed, and abortion services at some other clinics have been significantly cut back.
When other Goldman witnesses appeared, he sat silently behind them, his hair frayed, his lips pursed.
Oct. 30 through Feb. 13 at the National Portrait Gallery, Smithsonian Institution, Washington; (202) 633-8300, npg.si.edu .
Two men and two women, they are part of an elite Afghan police unit known as Eagle Four, whose exploits have made them so famous that team members are stopped on the streets of Kabul and congratulated — when they are not fielding death threats from the Taliban .
Suddenly they became small and scrappy without the huge accounts, vast office space and bottomless expenses of yesteryear.
"I’m fine; I’m doing great," he tells Mr. Kroft.
Decent at times doesn’t win a game for you.” How many more of the biggest games Manning will win is a question that will hover over him this season — and his career.
Of the four detainees who participated in their military commissions, Omar Khadr, a Canadian citizen who was 15 when arrested, is serving the longest sentence after pleading guilty to murder.
“But he’s not going to have to make every play.” Bengals Coach Marvin Lewis said in a conference call last week that Sanchez introduced himself at the N.F.L.
“I wouldn’t say I was racially profiled, but I was definitely picked off the street,” said Mr. Warren, an Indian-American raised in Huntington Beach, Calif. Mr. Warren, who was living in Park Slope, gave his number to Ms. Larson, who immediately called Ms. Chaudhary, who also lived in the neighborhood.
Japan has not merely slowed down, as is inevitable when countries get richer; it has become a global symbol of economic mismanagement.
They spoke on condition of anonymity because they did not want to be identified discussing an active federal investigation.
The troupe recommends a picnic dinner (and comfortable shoes).
An extra 318 Border Patrol and customs agents were added for the effort.
“I’m used to it,” Rodriguez said of the cameras.
Adding new fuel to the fire was a recent presentation at a New York conference for investors by Steven Eisman, a hedge-fund manager known for having anticipated the housing market crash.
Edwin S. Kneedler, the lawyer for the federal government, argued that the federal government has the sole authority to enforce immigration laws under the Constitution and that Arizona was, in essence, establishing its own immigration policy — which in some cases would be stricter than the federal law and does not take into account either humanitarian concerns or the government’s foreign policy goals.
“It’s all musical theater to me,” Mr. Pittsinger said.
“To the maximum amount,” he said.
AyeTides has calculated tidal forecasts through this century, and that includes secondary tide stations that are notoriously tricky to calculate.
The actress and playwright Heidi Schreck ’s “There Are No More Big Secrets,” inspired by her work as a reporter in Siberia and St. Petersburg, will follow, with performances beginning Sept. 1.
“The-times-they-are-a-changin’ is a feeble excuse for disregard of duty.”
Vuvuzelas were permitted inside the stadium for a big rugby match.
Vonn finished in 1 minute 20.72 seconds, 0.83 of a second ahead of Riesch.
Gilbert called the spectacle surrounding James’s announcement a “narcissistic, self-promotional build-up culminating with a national TV special of his ‘decision’ unlike anything ever ‘witnessed’ in the history of sports and probably the history of entertainment.” After terming James’s decision a “cowardly betrayal,” Gilbert said, “I personally guarantee that the Cleveland Cavaliers will win an N.B.A.
He said that 30 percent of his clientele — which includes pension and hedge funds, governments and proprietary traders at banks — consisted of wealthy family offices with assets of more than $200 million.
But Jon B. Alterman, a Middle East expert at the Center for Strategic and International Studies in Washington, said that the falling dependence of the United States on Saudi oil could turn into a problem for the Saudis, because the United States guarantees their security in the Persian Gulf.
This film is not rated.
He and his case worker sorted it out, securing a check to his landlord for a month’s rent.
OUTDOOR SPACE: The front and back yards are landscaped with native ferns, lavender, sage, thyme and other herbs.
And it completely bought into the idea that the subprime industry was a force for good, because it was expanding homeownership.
The quest goes on, although the role and surely the leadership of American science in it is uncertain.
In the meantime you can see vintage photographs of her friends and colleagues eating their sandwiches.
He travels to and from work in a miniature convoy of two sport utility vehicles.
Pitching with a lead has been a foreign concept this series to Yankees pitchers, who had a 7.71 earned run average.
Meraviglia, Gorriti 5796; (54-11) 4775-7949; meraviglia.com.ar .
Whisk the heavy cream with the raspberry vinegar and St-Germain until stiff peaks form.
The larger argument about a decline of traditional values has struck a chord with conservative French voters perennially worried about the loss of French mojo.
But it’s a reflection of our collective attitude toward this period that we devote so few resources to keeping them solvent and granting them some measure of security.
Collinsville, near St. Louis, has proclaimed itself the horseradish capital of the world.
The quake severely damaged the town center of Navelli’s primary saffron-growing hamlet, Civitaretenga, which is now partly off limits because so many of its ancient buildings were cracked or damaged.
So he’s got a heavy load in front of him.”
School started on Sept. 1, and Zvonareva said she had been cracking her books on statistics and finances between her matches.
Italy, 194 and here is Turkey at 192,” he said with a grunt of satisfaction.
Over the weekend it emerged that the two victims were students .
Sometimes it’s hard to remember what good government looks like: government that disciplines itself but looks to the long term; government that inspires trust; government that promotes social mobility without busting the budget.
In the world of technology start-ups, young founders are nothing new.
“This stuff is everything proof.” Two bedrooms were built atop the new kitchen, bringing the total number to four.
“It would behoove people throughout the county to be alert and actively engaged with Alderman Preckwinkle,” said Jay Travis, the executive director of the Kenwood Oakland Community Organization, which has worked with Ms. Preckwinkle for years.
And for more than 30 years, whenever he gave her a present — for Christmas or her birthday or to commemorate a special occasion like the completion of a book project — Penn would choose a print he knew she liked and inscribe it to her on the back, often drawing a heart around or beneath his name.
But the scooter is the lasting reminder of Corp’s years at the University of Southern California , where many Trojans football players ride them.
“Wow, this is great,” said a sleep-deprived Nancy Pelosi as she stroked a plush specimen during a tour of the McRoskey Mattress Company here on Wednesday.
After Pearl Harbor, the United States reacted with a mix of confusion and resolve.
With the data, Flurry can generate reports about the location of an application’s users, for example, or how long it took a user to complete a game level.
Mr. Choi respects the work of Koi Fusion, where the specialty is a marinated short-rib taco, a virtual Kogi knockoff dressed with shredded cabbage, chopped onions, scallions, bean sprouts, cilantro, daikon sprouts and salsa.
Brandon Rush had 24 points and 9 rebounds for the Pacers.
Even if the expense of bottled water is cut, that would surely be — excuse the pun — just a drop in the bucket.
Considered too classic, too expensive and too fussy by the talented young jewelers who revolutionized the trade’s understanding of fashion, May’s birthstone was forsaken by all but the most conventional stylists.
The crash of 2008 exposed systemic problems with our way of life that no legislation can resolve: a reckless financial elite, an overextended public sector, and a culture of irresponsibility that’s visible everywhere from our debt-to-income ratios to our out-of-wedlock birth rate.
And who in their right mind wants to go to a bridal shower on a summer weekend?
Mrs. Forsyth, 33, is the upper school director for the Glen Urquhart School in Beverly, Mass.
A man whose past may have inspired his modus operandi was arrested Wednesday on suspicion that he was the so-called Bouquet Bandit, who delivered robbery notes affixed to flowers or plants in two recent bank robberies in Manhattan, the authorities said.
was driven directly to its target on Saturday night.
Dr. Potti had been featured in several promotional videos about research at Duke.
The agency that handled that sale, Vignobles Investissement in Montpellier, was founded in 1990 by Michel Veyrier, a real estate agent, and covers the Languedoc-Roussillon and Rhone Valley region vineyards.
So they invited the Indians over to celebrate.
And the one president who embraced boomers, Bill Clinton, ended his presidency with a budget surplus that could have lasted for years to come.
But the woman in the picture with Dr. Maiman, who does not offer elective Caesarean sections, was not his patient and the situation was posed.
As more data have accumulated, it’s less and less supportive of the case for salt reduction, but the advocates seem more determined than ever to change policy.” Before changing public policy, Dr. Alderman and Dr. McCarron suggest trying something new: a rigorous test of the low-salt diet in a randomized clinical trial.
coursework early, telling the alumnus, “Instead of wasting time I decided to come to Bowdoin to help a professor work on a book,” according to Mr. Verner.
Beleaguered Spain received some good news on Thursday as well: Its cost of borrowing fell more than 100 basis points at an auction of €3.5 billion worth of 3-year bonds, compared to the last sale in June.
Climb the narrow stairs to Overstock Clearance Warehouse, on the second floor of 523 Brighton Beach Avenue, which has much of the ambiance of a Soviet department store.
We’re not runners ourselves; we’ll watch the runners.
People are tired and perhaps spent, feeling they can’t make it through another one.
His opponents say that he quickly became as corrupt and authoritarian as his predecessors.
He assembled a crack team that did not engage in the internecine warfare that afflicted his opponents.
I learned a lot from that.
Lee will face Amar’e Stoudemire , the player the Knicks are building around.
To the Editor: It’s not really surprising that tea partiers are, on average, doing pretty well economically (“ Doing Fine, but Angry Nonetheless ,” Week in Review, April 18).
What I love is that the festival makes me feel so utterly a student, indeed, a novice.
He devoured European literature and easily mastered a handful of languages.
Absent consensus about standards for measuring excellence in art, it becomes an empty term of endearment and a marketing label.
The work is one of several jazz-influenced scores that Ravel composed in the 1920s, impressed by the African-American jazz bands he heard in Paris.
State Department officials in Asunción, Paraguay, were asked in March 2008 about the presence of Al Qaeda, Hezbollah and Hamas in the lawless “Tri-Border” area of Paraguay, Brazil and Argentina.
The number of concerns that are allowed to become public is also increasing.
Prince as C.E.O., and later after Vikram Pandit got the job.
Between 1970 and 1978, for instance, the Baader-Meinhof gang in Germany staged kidnappings, assassinations, bank robberies and bombings.
In New York he was by default the spokesman for Surrealism — the émigré Breton didn’t speak English — and didn’t relish the role.
He is also a music producer for the artists on his label, including Clinton Curtis, a singer-songwriter, and Metermaids, a hip-hop duo.
Medical accessories also figure in several sculptures made with found objects, all with a vague, gnomic quality.
“It makes you much more passionate.” Ms. Kropp added, “And you talk to more people with different views from your own.” Ms. Kropp said she had come to feel more cynical about politicians than she used to, particularly those who support tax cuts but do not talk about the potential impacts.
Daimler-Benz owned Audi for seven years beforeVW gained control in the mid-1960s.
Time off: I watch TV and I try to go shopping in the neighborhood with my wife.
The doomsday oratory dragged down the forint, the Hungarian currency, and the euro.
And then there is what came into the small shop owned by Deepak Jain: a piece, or pieces, of metal blamed for an alarming radiation scare this month that hospitalized seven people and caused the police to temporarily cordon off an area barely 10 miles from India’s Parliament.
“Whatever she collects, she adds her own little touch of creativeness.” The mother has also addressed the issue of pets in her own distinctive way.
That win announced Mosley’s return to boxing’s consciousness.
It was a show for the tourists, though.” By around 11:30, the area was clean, the Fire Department spokesman said, and people would be allowed to work there Monday morning.
Yet both countries will find themselves under pressure to maintain financial discipline in the event that growth does not pick up.
Since 2005 he has spent part of every year teaching at the New York University extension in Accra, Ghana.
I do think we’re deeper than that.
The act, passed by Parliament five years ago this week, aimed to introduce greater transparency in governance.
JENNY: (patiently) He’s wishing me luck fortonight.
The teachers’ union, the Detroit Federation of Teachers, said it opposed the closing of so many schools at once.
Under rules set up by Attorney General Jerry Brown, familial searching cannot be used unless all other investigative leads have been exhausted.
At Tuesday’s opening-night show the stream of familiar standards was dotted with well-chosen biographical anecdotes (mostly about Hart, not Ms.
He defended the industry’s record before the India Economic Summit meeting, saying that a few rogue operators may have given improper loans, but that the industry was too important to fail.
Players from before and after World War II are considered separately by two other committees.
The United States blocked the sale of the oil company Unocal to the Chinese oil producer Cnooc in 2005.
Another solution to rising university costs may be less university.
The low-level activists released Thursday were among hundreds detained during the unrest after President Mahmoud Ahmadinejad ’s disputed re-election in June 2009.
“I think it has hurt,” said Senator Lindsey Graham, Republican of South Carolina.
West scooped up his jack and cashed the club ace, East playing the discouraging deuce.
“This is a convenient move by Steve Levy into the Republican Party because as a Democrat he knows he can’t win the primary,” Mr. Long said, adding, “I’m dealing with independent, good, solid conservative leaders from up and down the state of New York who have a mind of their own.” Mr. Levy, who would most likely have faced Attorney General Andrew M. Cuomo if he had run in the Democratic primary, must still surmount considerable obstacles to win the Republican nomination.
(Her vampires don’t sparkle, they draw blood.)
Mr. Rooney also owns a commercial barbershop in Jamaica, Queens, that was the setting for the MTV show “ The Shop .” As for his decision to write and produce rather than perform, “I wanted a family more than a music career,” Mr. Rooney said, recalling the drawbacks of growing up in “a rock ’n’ roll household.” He said his parents “peaked really early” in their careers and ultimately split up.
Pakistani authorities halted tankers on Thursday after three soldiers were killed in an airstrike by NATO.
Toss with 2 tablespoons of the dressing.
infractions committee later this month.
“But it’s always a question of luck.
Concerned about corruption and wobbly Haitian leadership, international donors agreed Monday during a meeting in Montreal on a 10-year rebuilding effort for earthquake -damaged Haiti , one that would create an even better capital city and that the government said would cost $3 billion.
In addition, rather than abandoning old wells and moving on, it has become worthwhile to keep older wells alive — another technically challenging proposition.
(Oyster Bay Wines USA, New York) Cloudy Bay Marlborough Pinot Noir 2007 $30 ★★(Two Stars) Full bodied with powerful fruit flavors and pleasing mineral notes.
Yes, Abramovich owns the world’s largest yacht and is building a home reportedly worth $242 million near Harrods, and Zhukova has been known to attend the opening of a wound.
The blast erupted shortly before 11:30 a.m. in front of an electronics store at 641 Avenue of the Americas , an eight-story building between 19th and 20th Streets in Chelsea.
had announced his plan to leave when his contract ended next September.
WHO Dr. Mark Warfel, 40, a plastic surgeon in Manhattan , tells of giving up on finding the perfect building site and instead choosing an “ugly duckling” house in 2002.
Talk about temerity: Mr. Hynes yanks the rug out from under Kevin so drastically that his own temerity will not soon be forgotten.
And it turned out to be great!
They discovered that despite the Armageddon-like conditions, the ship’s research collecting devices had kept on working.
“I really attacked today,” said Vonn, who is skiing with a bruised left arm after a crash last month.
KRAMER I’m not sure it matters if gay people were uncomfortable at times with “Boys in the Band” because if gay writers had to depend on gays to be their main audience, we’d all starve to death.
That has made it even more important for Chinese companies to have a competitive advantage from a weak currency, and the resulting lower prices of their exports, as they establish footholds in the American market.
Mr. Wen said it was too early for governments to begin reducing stimulus measures.
RESTAURANTS AND CAFES : Les Antiquaires Blends Catalan ingredients and French techniques.
Grand Isle suffered some of the earliest damage from the disaster.
An outdoor patio offers al fresco dining alongside 20 boat slips.
They called in the Norwegian ambassador in Beijing for a dressing down, placed scores of dissidents under house arrest and angrily described the decision to honor Mr. Liu as “blasphemy” and an insult to the Chinese people.
Despite this history of environmental and social disaster, exploitation of resources in the Amazon in Ecuador and Peru is expanding rapidly.
This is not the man you’d expect to show Picasso the way to “Les Demoiselles d’Avignon.” Mr. Martin works in a range of styles.
“At first, yeah, I was,” Celski said.
HERREMANS RETURNS TO LINEUP Philadelphia left guard Todd Herremans, sidelined by a foot injury since the Eagles’ minicamps in May, will return to the lineup when the team plays Kansas City on Friday night.
Still, it was hard to argue with the cumulative impact Mr. Gilbert achieved, and the orchestra mostly played like the wonderful Mahler band it can be.
Oceanhouse also lists two other Dr. Seuss titles on its site: ''How The Grinch Stole Christmas'' and ''The Lorax.''
is asking for that information when they get older.” The superintendent, Randall Squier, said the Oxford area lacked immigrants as well as jobs.
The testimony emerged on Mr. Hussain’s fourth day on the stand as the trial, in Federal District Court in Manhattan, entered its third week.
This season, the mood was “green” — literally and figuratively — as gardening, with its sensible shoes and squishy bags, was the theme; and green was the preferred color for Tod’s signature pebble-soled loafers and ballerina flats.
BP’s production plan for the Liberty notes that drilling studies only support horizontal wells up to 8.33 miles.
Mr. Zweibel throws one twist and then another into their meeting, and a lot of gentle humor.
Mr. Dinan said he hoped that the institution would become a must-see for first-time visitors to New York.
Yes, “Angelology” has them all.
The Cowboys Tennis Classic, scheduled for July 10 at Cowboys Stadium, has been canceled.
The authors concluded, “It just doesn’t seem to reflect the qualities of organized sequence and complex thought that we value in a literate society.” OUR DEFINITION of a literate society inevitably shifts as our tools for reading and writing evolve, but the brief history of literacy for blind people makes the prospect of change particularly fraught.
... Asdrubal Cabrera hit a two-run homer, and the Cleveland Indians beat the host Toronto Blue Jays, 5-4.
(A few are forced: a June bug is ushered out of a bathroom in a tooth mug inverted on the ripped-off cover of “Seven Types of Ambiguity.”) Only wisps of the Hayseed books are shown directly, but occasional descriptions hint at what might have happened if Roald Dahl had invaded Narnia.
Prosperous Paraguayans sponsor teams and fly top players to New York for the summer, said Luis Ferreira, the league president.
The pretenders have come and gone, but Rift looks like the best competition the venerable World of Warcraft has had since WOW remade online gaming in 2004.
Start a pot.” In Washington on Saturday, opponents of the health care legislation spit on a black congressman and shouted racial slurs at two others, including John Lewis , one of the great heroes of the civil rights movement.
But Clinton never presented himself as a moral guide to the country.
But experts on continuing education say it’s important to take an honest, hard look at the state of your company and industry, and at whether your job is safe or whether you may soon become obsolete.
Much of Anthony Cheung’s traversal of “Notations” (1945), in its original piano version, was swathed in the velvety timbres and graceful phrasing you expect in a Chopin performance, and though Mr. Cheung did not underplay the movements with harder edges, the suppleness of his reading made this early 12-tone score sound alive rather than abstract.
Always quoted, always remembered, always missed.
Wallace turns 36 in September.
The elder Newton is the pastor of the Holy Zion Center of Deliverance, a church in Newnan, Ga., not far from College Park, where Cam Newton grew up.
Most Chicagoans don’t really know what Aon does — it’s a risk manager, the No.
THE past year has been good to Eleven Madison Park.
Lawmakers and top aides said much of the focus was on reassuring anti- abortion Democrats that public dollars would not go toward the procedure.
Neither is exactly brimming over with gravitas.
One way to think of what animal abuse does to a child might simply be to consider all the positive associations and life lessons that come from a child’s closeness to a pet — right down to eventually receiving their first and perhaps most gentle experiences of death as a natural part of life — and then flipping them so that all those lessons and associations turn negative.
Well, there is nothing esoteric about a hot dog, nor do servers at most burger joints deliver lectures about the provenance of the ingredients.
I knew I’d beat him wide, but honestly, three moves went through my head before I got to the net, I had so much time.
But there is a hefty cost of building the chemical plant to do the conversion, which might run over $1.5 billion for a new Canadian plant that would handle 40,000 barrels a day.
In addition to telling stories based on historical events involving the Comstock Lode and the oncoming Civil War, the show dealt with themes like racial prejudice and religious tolerance.
Imperial Theater, 249 West 45th Street , (212) 239-6200, telecharge.com.
It said the men embodied the old Southern archetype of the gentle mama’s boy, an emblem of that region as traditional as that of the beer-swilling good ol’ boy, though far less celebrated.
When Sessions quizzed the Supreme Court nominee and former Harvard Law School dean about her treatment of “those men and women who we send in harm’s way to serve our nation,” she asserted that “the military at all times during my deanship had full and good access.” Sessions rebutted that her remarks were “unconnected to reality,” while over at the Armed Services Committee, Petraeus did his best to make the case that our goals in Afghanistan are not unconnected to reality.
Shrugging off the Democratic attacks, the leader’s office on Monday issued a statement under the heading of “muckmakers,” saying that the “White House focuses on picking fights, not creating jobs.” “Boehner is happy to take incoming fire from the president and this White House because it proves our point,” said Kevin Smith, a spokesman for the Republican leader.
Its concrete forms, full of ramped spaces and oblique angles, come across as acts of defiance, against both the excesses of global consumer culture and the architects who are hired to dress it up.
I enjoyed doing it and being part of a championship team that year.
To accomplish this, Mr. Papi decided to move the crown to the 3 o’clock position on the dial, place it in the perpendicular plane, and make it a pop-up.
Soon everyone knew intimate details about salivary stones, the equivalent of gallstones in salivary glands.
Optimism over the increase was tempered by a separate report showing that consumer sentiment declined slightly early this month.
The bride’s father was an associate creative director at Benton & Bowles, the advertising agency in New York.
The opposite of situational values, argues Seidman, are “sustainable values”: values that inspire in us behaviors that literally sustain our relationships with one another, with our communities, with our institutions, and with our forests, oceans and climate.
Leave the cellphone at home every once in awhile.
''We're really at the beginning of the whole process of either coming to New York or staying in Philadelphia,'' he said.
But since the arrests, it has been able to evacuate only three children on private flights to American hospitals, according to Elizabeth Greig, the field hospital’s chief administrative officer, who has been in charge of trying to get the necessary Haitian and American approval.
Serious Mac users have found workarounds to get the bookmarks sorted automatically (one example is at bit.ly/13OwMl ), or browser utilities like SafariSort ( bit.ly/cLhLlG ) and BookMacster ( bit.ly/cBrEP8 ) A Database Adjustment Q.
Before Opening!,” in the Road Safety section, does what a poster of its kind should do — it makes you truly look.
Still, he said he was prepared to stick it out in the neighborhood no matter how long the process took.
We were the acting team in a way.” And though no one had planned it beforehand, much of the movie was filmed in very long takes, sometimes lasting 20 minutes or more at a time.
Criticism of Father Maciel is fiercest in Mexico, although even after his public shaming, he still has supporters.
The couple would remain married for more than 25 years, and were friends and partners even after their divorce, when Ileana married Michael Sonnabend and that couple opened its own gallery.
Sometimes it’s like the English language was dreamed up by pranksters!
“This is a symbol of where Michigan is going,” Mr. Obama said in Holland.
Philosophy Di Alberta Ferretti Collar, $195.
For everyone to be talking about Dallas, Washington and Philadelphia, and not talking about Big Blue, is absurd.” BENGALS DISCUSS DEAL WITH OWENS The Bengals owner Mike Brown said that the team has discussed a contract with wide receiver Terrell Owens and his agent, Drew Rosenhaus.
“We hit it off right away.” Mr. Bahar was beyond surprised.
“We know that there are some areas of the law that probably could be strengthened, and so we’re going to be reviewing those areas — for example, looking at powers to subpoena,” she said.
He clenched his right hand into a fist.
His first full-time job in hockey came in 1984, when he coached the Hull Olympiques in the Quebec Major Junior Hockey League.
She was much loved by her students and colleagues in both parts of her career.
As far as them having a problem, I wasn’t concerned about that.” Every chance they could, Posada and Burnett worked together this spring.
While the area around Sarnia is familiar with sudden snow squalls, particularly in December when Lake Huron is not frozen, the intensity of the sudden storm swiftly overwhelmed snow-plow operators and police.
The government said initial claims for unemployment benefits fell last week but remained above the level that would signal employers are ramping up hiring.
One run came across on a bunt single by Jose Reyes, two more scored on an infield single by David Wright , and Ike Davis followed with a two-run home run .
(The writing is credited to Andrew Grosso and the Essentials, his theater company; Mr. Grosso directs.)
Once the most famous of the Russian oligarchs, he ran Yukos Oil, which under his leadership became the best-run, fastest-growing, most transparent company in the country — a gleaming symbol of hope for Russian industry.
There will however, be a celebration of Jack's life at a later date.
And, to give Mr. Hurd his due, H.P.
So smooth and fluid are the transitions that it is hard to believe these sculptures are made of metal.
The good news is that homeowners are eligible for a federal tax credit covering 50 percent of the installation up to $2,000 (but only through Dec. 31 unless the credit is renewed).
In a statement, CVS Caremark said Wednesday it remained “confident that our business practices and service offerings are being conducted in compliance with antitrust laws.” While CVS Caremark said that the vast majority of customers could easily find a nearby pharmacy other than Walgreen, Mr. Kaplan and other benefits consultants said the standoff could be disruptive.
“Taking calls is like a box of chocolates,” advised Michelle Bravo, who condensed the four-week training session into two days for me.
He wrote those words in a book that is a meditation on remembrance, “ Out of Fire and Valor: The War Memorials of New York City From the Revolution to 9-11 ” (Bunker Hill Publishing, 2005).“War,” Mr. Snyder said, “is our most terrible and exalted deed.” Few memorials in the city are as soaring as the monument at 89th Street, overlooking the Hudson River.
In a telephone conversation, Mr. Burgess said he planned to sing “Children Will Listen,” from “Into the Woods,” on Saturday.
There had been no word from him.
I would wake up feeling good if I got the win that day, or wake up feeling bad if I didn’t.
He owns more shares than any other company insider.
They did not want immortality, just the chance to live the life span that their peers could expect.
Afterward, Alosi released a statement: “I made a mistake that showed a total lapse in judgment.
Occasionally, she shouted back at her opponents, mostly older men, telling them to shut up and let her finish.
Something besides a “D.N.F.” this time.
We can often be a bit frictionless, here at the end of the first decade of the new century.
This group will end up with one of two evils: spending $99 for a monthly pass that would be limited to 90 rides or paying $104 for an unlimited pass.
commissioner for economic and monetary affairs, told reporters in Brussels.
What difference was there between us?
A second factor pushing American households to take on debt and consume has been the Federal Reserve’s policies.
Kristina Berger was more impressive during several sections of the work, notably in the solo “(invisible house is female).” In her performances in “Here and Now” and “Cantilever,” a work for four that explores architectural forms, Ms. Berger maintained the extreme power of strong positions while exuding a peaceful, free-flowing elasticity.
(The therapists refer cases beyond their scope to supervising dentists.)
She never had her bones set back in place, which orthopedic surgeons say is vital to reducing swelling .
Linguistically it is as if I have married a French woman, but my mother is still Arabic.” He quoted Kateb Yacine, the Algerian writer, who chose to write in French “to tell the French that I am not French.” Yacine called French the treasure left behind in the ruins of colonialism.
The chairman of the subcommittee, Jim Moran , Democrat of Virginia, who was in a jocular mood, congratulated Mr. Landesman several times on having hit the trifecta at the Kentucky Derby in 2001.
Dr. Venter, whose work precipitated the commission’s study, also praised the recommendations as “wise, warranted and restrained, which will help to ensure that this young field of research will flourish in a positive manner.”
“It’s just extraordinary.” The Appalachian Trail, which was conceived in 1921 and completed in 1937, regularly pops up in popular culture, whether in “A Walk in the Woods” by Bill Bryson or in the feverish imagination of Gov.
These studies used a “disgust sensitivity” scale developed by the psychologists Paul Rozin, Clark McCauley and Jonathan Haidt, which asks hypothetical questions like, “How disgusted would you be if you took a sip from a soda can and then realized that it belonged to a stranger?” Even when controlling for income, depth of religious belief and a host of other factors, conservatives tended to score higher in disgust sensitivity than liberals.
2 P.M. Stroll to Metropolis Studios, 105 East 106th Street, (212) 722-5500.
In addition to “Big Bad John,” Mr. Dean had several other songs that were minor hits, including “P.T.
Over-lagoon suites start at $536.
But an Islamic center strikes a nerve for some.
But in 1997 she won the commission to design the Rosenthal Center for Contemporary Art, in Cincinnati, and with it a chance to prove herself in this country.
“I accept and I respect the decision of the Constitutional Court,” Mr. Uribe said.
PHOTOS (PHOTOGRAPHS BY ELIZABETH LIPPMAN)
It stems from envy, I suppose, or in Ambrose’s case, the rush to produce books in rapid succession, but no matter, it’s a stain that peroxide won’t lift out.
In the Republican platform, Pledge to America, the party vows to cut discretionary nonmilitary spending to 2008 levels.
This government accounting mirage adds up to an enormous national problem.
She looks eerily young, at least a decade short of her 49 years, a feat that does not appear to have been achieved by artificial means.
After the injury, she complained about headaches and feeling lightheaded whenever she was active.
At least one animal activist, Russ Rector, a Fort Lauderdale dolphin trainer, said he wrote a letter to SeaWorld three years ago warning that the park’s trainers were inviting attacks by pushing show mammals too hard to please a crowd.
When Berkeley invited him to give a commencement address eight years ago, he decided that it would be a good opportunity to finish his incomplete Ph.D. Dusting off his dissertation, he carved out extra research and writing time from his schedule, pulling all-nighters when he had to.
The secret archive is the second such cache obtained by the independent organization WikiLeaks and made available to several news organizations.
Innes volunteered at the local elementary school, as an ESL teacher, and with the blind.
He said that if Hayes had not shut down, no one would have heard “anything about Eric Bledsoe again because he would have never made it.
How can a man who was a dazzling enough politician to become the first black president at age 47 suddenly become so obdurately self-destructive about politics?
“It’s way better than coal ,” Mr. Wolfe said, “if you look at it over its life cycle.” Not everyone agrees, as evidenced by lawn signs in this northwestern Massachusetts town reading “Biomass?
If she takes too many Medicaid patients, she said, she cannot afford overhead expenses like staff salaries, the office mortgage and malpractice insurance that will run $42,800 this year.
Holzer, who is watching her project unfold from afar, took a few minutes out of her ''crazy, crazy day'' to talk about telling it like it is on T-shirts.Q.What interested you about this project?A.I don't know enough about South Africa, and when the invitation came I thought this was a chance to learn.
Shouldn’t we?” In the section on military personnel and their families, she floats the words “And the horrors of war?
A detail-freak streak in Leonardo da Vinci’s personality led him to leave many projects unfinished.
Mr. Obama has named one person to the Fed board so far: Daniel K. Tarullo, a law professor who served in the Clinton administration and is an authority on financial regulation .
For Mr. Lee, an M.I.T.-educated planner whose office has been across the street from the Federated Lithographer building since 2003, the revitalization of Prairie Avenue has become a personal mission.
Many colleges have long waiting lists of students trying to get into introductory A.S.L.
Across 12 major league seasons, he has amassed 1,710 hits and developed a reputation for being an expert defensive outfielder, a sharp base runner and a great teammate.
Many investors are convinced that Athens, facing years of fiscal austerity and potential economic stagnation, will ultimately be required to reschedule its debts and renegotiate terms with lenders, a step short of a full default.
Poor Roman, when he finally reads Bernard’s poem, feels as if the top of his head has been taken off.
“It’s a mess,” Martin said.
That a buyout was even a possibility was a sign of the times.
Though early studies were conducted only among men, in a 2002 study published in The New England Journal of Medicine, Dr. JoAnn E. Manson and colleagues found that among 73,743 initially healthy women ages 50 to 79, walking briskly for 30 minutes a day five days a week, as well as more vigorous exercise, substantially reduced the risk of heart attacks and other cardiovascular events.
Instead, I felt as if I were signing on as his executioner and that I had no choice.
Escarole is a bitter lettuce that looks a little bit like frisée but with wider, tougher leaves.
Russia is deeply skeptical that Iran has obtained the advanced missiles, or that their North Korean version, called the BM-25, even exists.
The Jets were crushed 14-0.
The cable sports empire did not want to give its content away free.
In a way, the muzzling of “South Park” is no more disquieting than any other example of Western institutions’ cowering before the threat of Islamist violence.
“It’s perfect for the long hours here,” Ms. Benz said in her trailer on the Walt Disney Studios lot this summer.
Montana would have been the first.
The company hopes to show that two of its 200-meter trains tied together are as safe as a single 400-meter train, and that distributed traction is safe in the tunnel.
With a client list that reads like a roster of Fortune 500 firms, a little-known company with an odd name, the Talx Corporation, has come to dominate a thriving industry: helping employers process — and fight — unemployment claims.
But this anomaly didn’t arise with the Obama administration.
Finally, they point to their trump card: they say will declare bankruptcy if a settlement is not on favorable terms.
“I don’t sit around talking about a slump,” he said.
Brigham Young had the audacious Jimmer Fredette and several other players who can shoot from outside, but that did not help much when it came to stopping Jacob Pullen, the stocky, resourceful and ambitious Kansas State junior guard.
And during a Republican debate in Los Angeles on May 6, when the three candidates were asked if people on the no-fly list should be allowed to purchase a gun, only Campbell said no.
You can feel the excitement and the rage of the early years as the designers broke through a carapace of convention.
“It’s embarrassing for him,” Ellis said.
Documentaries increasingly use technology, often to good effect.
Now that decision, which allowed unlimited corporate spending in candidate elections, will figure most prominently in Ms. Kagan’s upcoming hearing.
In the 1980’s, Mr. Capalbo was named to direct the musical version of the Chaim Potok novel “The Chosen,” but he left the production after two preview performances.
“Unfortunately, one senator is saying no.”
The investigation “certainly will be concluded and is still under way,” said Shael Polakow-Suransky , the deputy schools chancellor for performance and accountability.
Negotiation and real leadership require different skills than filing lawsuits.
The Irish central bank governor, Patrick Honohan, said in an interview last month that Ireland was “ahead of the game” because regulators there had decided to stress test its banks early on, using more stringent criteria than the European tests.
But it doesn’t actually bother with a story.
There are at least a few dozen other questions you’ll need to ask your employer, your insurance agent or yourself when considering the coverage you need.
It’s a New York idyll, a seafood rhapsody, available to all.
The resulting exhibition fills the 2,500-square-foot converted factory space here with more than 60 works by a wide range of artists — including acrylics on canvas by Scott Daniel Ellison and Mark Nilsson, who live in Dutchess County, and architectural forms made from sections of picket fence by Daddy , a Brooklyn-based design collective.
Gladys Veronica Juca was the student government president and earned a 3.6 grade point average.
A sharp-eyed collector did not miss out at the private view.
“The point of Performa is not to bring history back to life, but to look back on our history without sentimentality, and use it,” she said.
in the case against Mr. Hurd.
But illegal immigrants never get to collect at all.
Nevertheless, it should be remembered that were it not for the enthusiasm of the Tea Party - and other conservative voices outside the Republican establishment - the party might not be in the intriguing position that it finds itself in heading into November.
The Working Families Party did not acknowledge wrongdoing in Tuesday’s settlement.
“Home buyer tax credit gone,” the card declares.
The committee is led by Dr. Alex Valadka, the chief of adult neurosciences and chief of neurotrauma at the Seton Brain and Spine Institute in Austin, Tex., and includes team doctors and trainers, as well as outside experts.
In 2009, there were fewer new individual buyers of the insurance than in any year since Limra, a market research firm, began tracking the data in 1988.
“Now I have hundreds of submissions I haven’t even looked at yet.” Agents, advertising brokers, editors, Web designers, well-wishers, would-be hangers-on — they’re all reaching out.
There he found a child born with a deformed hand who remembered having his fingers chopped off in a previous life (Dr. Stevenson went to the village the child recalled and verified that such an incident had taken place), and Burmese children who said they had previously been Japanese soldiers killed in World War II and preferred sushi over their native cuisine.
“This is not a unifying decision on his part; he chose a side.
He was 82 and also lived in Chicago, in the house where he grew up.
But after it was reported in 2006 that the Wylys were the subject of federal tax investigations, some Republicans distanced themselves from the pair.
On the subject of his own life, Troy — a former Negro League baseball star turned sanitation worker, and a man whose name aptly evokes a legendary, ruined splendor — is a first-class mythmaker.
Because of a poor electricity grid, blackouts are common in Lebanon.
In cities where real estate is scarce, “less is more” is the only way to go.
Now, Germany proposed expanding the Poland defense plan to the Baltic states, and NATO planners began their work.
The since-denied rumor that France was about to lose its Standard & Poor’s triple-A credit rating coincided with a 15 percent blip in credit default swaps spreads this week.
“I thought, when you have an operation, have to sit there and stay in hospital four weeks or five weeks, these things go away,” he said.
“But frankly, our astronauts don’t have a lot of time for casual reading on the potty.” READING FOR EARTH: There are about a hundred books in space, according to a 2008 catalog of the International Space Station library posted at governmentattic.org , ranging from “On the Origin of Species” to “The Ten-Day MBA.” How many are there on Earth?
It’s not a good start.” The players from Britain who did qualify met mostly disastrous results.
Darienne Gutierrez Washington, Dec. 1, 2010  To the Editor: International diplomacy is not the Internet and the State Department is not Facebook, but if the many commenters exposed by WikiLeaks had known that their assumed anonymity might be denied, they would have refined their messages or not transmitted them at all.
“I like the U.S.A. because the U.S.A. is like Algeria.
At its most severe, it can cause blindness.
The bay is polluted yet nutrient-rich, and buffering wetlands are needed there for bird and wildlife protection.
As Titania in “A Midsummer Night’s Dream,” as the Lilac Fairy in “The Sleeping Beauty,” as Odette-Odile in “Swan Lake,” as the second ballerina to appear in Balanchine’s “Emeralds” and finally in the central role of “Diamonds,” the luster of her dancing — of her very presence — outshone everyone else onstage.
These hairless dogs guard the gates of the ancient ruins of Chan Chan, Peru -- keeping the evil spirits at bay, one imagines.
CONTACT The house is being represented by World Real Estate Immobiliare and marketed in London by Signature Residences Worldwide.
The others are accused of gathering with the intention of disrupting national security and propagandizing against the government, according to Fars.
because he was voted the top defensive rookie at the end of the season.
Mr. Sarkozy urged the official’s departure from his party post on Monday evening in a lengthy interview on national television.
But the widespread appeal of these dueling critiques has left Obama increasingly isolated.
They used a metal club hidden in a bouquet of flowers.
Such one-time payments are a bad idea on two fronts.
Prime Minister David Cameron has talked boldly of closing a British budget deficit now equal to 11 percent of its gross domestic product.
A day after the bank said it would once again pursue defaulting borrowers in the 23 states where foreclosures were overseen by the courts, judges in Florida said they were expecting even more challenges from defaulting homeowners.
Ms. Mills, a frequent defender of her industry, said, “Swimwear gets a hard knock when it comes to pricing.” She pointed out that the humble panty — which is priced far lower than its swimsuit-bottom counterpart — doesn’t have to stand up to such rigorous wear and tear (and look presentable at the pool club snack bar).
Asked to explain Mr. Gbagbo’s popularity even after a decade of turmoil and deprivation, a longtime acquaintance, Francis Wodié, former head of the Ivory Coast branch of Amnesty International and a presidential candidate himself this year, said, “There is the mentality of the Ivorians, which sees the head of state as a monarch, and this gives him enormous power.” Yet, voter after voter in Abidjan also spoke on Sunday of longing to return to the boom years of the 1970s and early ’80s — when the economy grew about 7 percent annually — and for the establishment, once and for all, of democracy.
“He can be a Tea Partier, but it’s not like the movement bends to him.” Sarah Palin?
“It adds so much atmosphere and flavor.
He has a strong message to the kids.
The electric car can wait.
“It’s imagination, it’s inference, it’s guessing; and much of it is happening subconsciously,” said Marcel Danesi, a professor of anthropology at the University of Toronto and the author of “The Puzzle Instinct: The Meaning of Puzzles in Human Life.” “It’s all about you, using your own mind, without any method or schema, to restore order from chaos,” Dr. Danesi said.
There is, however, a silver lining: The issue of marine emissions will gain greater prominence in Hong Kong as emissions from other sources, like power stations, are brought under control, said Mr. Kilburn of Civic Exchange.
You can bet I’ll have a calendar that lists everything by my side in the future.
Cara Smith, Ms. Madigan’s deputy chief of staff, said Craigslist’s manual review of the ads had had a minimal impact.
“All parameters have to be considered, and I have added one by saying there is astrology involved,” he later said.
Mr. Mazer, his colleague Scott Berger, and the men whose companies he steered business toward, Dmitry Aronshtein and Victor Natanzon, also submitted false time sheets for consulting work, the authorities said.
GEORGETOWN 67, DEPAUL 50 Chris Wright scored 18 points, Austin Freeman had 17 and No.
“I can’t thank you enough,” he said.
23 Oklahoma State (13-2, 1-0) snap No.
There is also a suite of simple tools, like the ability to bookmark a page, or to look up the definition of a hard word, say, with a right click.
Ed Patru, a spokesman for Ms. McMahon, said that whatever the culture of wrestling 20 or 30 years ago, the W.W.E.
“Selfish and irresponsible,” the older brother brands his sibling.
In Queens, the Mets’ Ike Davis ended the game with a home run into the upper deck.
One of the things Goodell has heard plenty about in the last day: Ben Roethlisberger's six-game suspension.
It is a rare dancer who can serve idioms so opposed with equal skill.
European Commission officials had said in the past, however, that market dominance was not, in and of itself, sufficient cause for antitrust sanctions.
When the McCourts’ split became public last year during the National League Championship Series, they were at least amiable enough to sit in the same box near the Dodgers’ dugout.
Baldwin, a charming, well-born native of Baltimore who was the prot?
He was convicted of tax fraud in 2005.
From there, it was prosecutors who chose to open the blackmail investigation.
“We see an angry man throwing a stone at an embassy more often than an Amr Khaled.” Can 4Shbab combat extremism?
In this beautifully written, slyly humorous encyclopedia, Raffles seeks to redress the speciesism that has cast insects as creatures to be regarded with distrust and disgust.
For one thing, the leading cava grapes — parellada, macabeo and the hyphen’s best friend, xarel-lo — are completely different from the pinot noir , chardonnay and pinot meunier used in Champagne, although a growing amount of chardonnay is making its way into cava.
Alzheimer’s is a terminal disease.
So how did you define success with the group?
“Huge sums forge their own anchor and our future advantage, if any, will be a small fraction of our historical edge,” he said.
The Red Cross began working 30 years ago in Afghanistan when Afghans started to fight the Soviet occupation.
Merchant, who had never produced one, and they enlisted another first-timer, Ms. Jhabvala, to adapt her novel “The Householder.” When Mr.
But I’ve always considered Canada fascinating, precisely because it’s similar to the United States in many but not all ways.
As a result many of those abstract artists were insufficiently honored.
Rather, Baldwin said he was taking a longer view.
“I realized how many people are out there trying to get these badges.” CHECK YOUR DATA Foursquare also gives businesses a free analytics dashboard with data about check-ins and customer demographics.
It has been noticed by, among other people, the Fox host Bill O’Reilly , who called Mr. Stewart a “devoted critic” of Fox News and said “his influence is growing.” Separately, this week Mr. Stewart’s contract was renewed by Comedy Central into 2013.
Fairchilds Market, 171 Eagle Rock Avenue, Roseland; (973) 226-0400.
The stimulus should have been bigger.
As he has in the past, General Petraeus carefully straddled in his answers, saying that he fully supported the deadline as a “message of urgency to compliment this message of enormous commitment” of nearly 100,000 American forces in Afghanistan, but that it was only “the beginning of a process” and that the United States’ commitment to the country was enduring.
AFTER BEING A FLORIDA ICON, TEBOW Becomes an N.F.L.
“The barrier to entry is reduced if people know and like that character,” says Frances Berwick, Bravo’s president.
Berlin is a city dedicated to the condemnation of Nazism and the horrors of the Holocaust.
Back in 2008, the speculation was that the American bag maker Coach was assembling a takeover offer for Burberry.
MILGROM--Jacob, the great biblical scholar and rabbi who played a dominant role in analyzing and explaining the priestly rituals and laws of ancient Israel, passed away on June 6 in Jerusalem at the age of 87.
The black turnout percentage exceeded white turnout in all 10 counties, and both Mr. Obama and Mr. Kissell won in a district that had twice been carried by President George W. Bush.
Brian L. Livingston, executive director of the Arizona Police Association, said he would prefer more attention on the border, too.
Claiming that “Keds are the first shoes to be called sneakers ,” the company’s Web site provided a seemingly authoritative origin story: “The term, coined in 1917 by Henry Nelson McKinney, an agent for the advertising firm N. W. Ayer & Son, refers to their soft, noiseless rubber soles, which allow the wearer to ‘sneak’ up on unsuspecting friends or family.” Reporting on the marketing campaign for The New York Times, Andrew Adam Newman decided to check out the historical record.
Mr. Segert and the Swiss People’s Party weren’t too pleased, populists being one thing, neo-Nazis, another.
In most driving conditions, the engine response was adequate.
And hunks of rich tuna steak are paired with cotechino sausage, with fried baby artichokes, an eggplant cream and black olives cooked into a caramelized murkiness that seems to unite the fish with its porky pal, traditionally served to celebrate the arrival of a new year.
In that spirit Mr. Bonham, now 44, announced on Monday that he would perform a series of concerts in the fall paying tribute to his father and the music of Led Zeppelin.
The athletic director emphatically told him that the Cougars’ once mighty powerhouse, which was nicknamed Phi Slama Jama in the early 1980s because of the dunking of Hakeem Olajuwon , Larry Micheaux and Clyde Drexler , did not have the facilities or the money to be competitive in Conference USA.
Ms. Jackson added that it is not all about money.
ARTS PROJECT 2010 , a monthlong performance series that began Thursday, continues this weekend with theater, dance and spoken word presentations at Theater 80, 80 St. Marks Place, East Village.
Still, it is a practical medium-term solution to the lack of conventional schools in Afghanistan.
Last March he was honored by the Knicks as one of what they called their franchise Legends.
People draft language all the time and don’t think about how it applies in different situations.” Washington’s superlobbyists (and they are almost all men, with Mr. Podesta’s wife, Heather, being a notable exception) usually make their names in other political fields before turning to lobbying.
Anbar, once the heartland of the Sunni-led insurgency, had become so stable that most American forces left.
Those proposals could make Mr. Cuomo’s farthest-reaching reform ideas seem meek by comparison.
But despite this most fixed-income investors are probably still closing the books on a decent year and the market is gaining stability as we saw today.” New economic data failed to sway investors in equities.
Mr. Price received a bachelor’s degree in mechanical engineering from the California Institute of Technology in 1942.
But federal law makes it a crime to promise “any employment, position” or other benefit “as consideration, favor or reward for any political activity or for the support of or opposition to any candidate” in any election.
Troops were deployed in the streets, shops closed early and residents remained indoors.
“I certainly wasn’t going to live in a building that could have been in any other city.” When she arrived in Shanghai, Ms. Bradford consulted a number of real estate agents, a necessity in a city where no one broker has access to every listing.
First, Martin Demichelis made a reckless kick at Nani.
But on Wednesday, the Federal Trade Commission said the ads were deceptive and announced that Nestlé had agreed to stop making the claims .
In the election’s aftermath, many have asked this question, including John Heile­mann and Mark Halperin ( “Game Change” ); the New York Times columnist Gail Collins ( “When Everything Changed: The Amazing Journey of Ameri­can Women From 1960 to the Present” ); and Anne Kornblut, whose book, “Notes From the Cracked Ceiling,” like Traister’s, provides a blow-by-blow of the 2008 campaign, concentrating on its feminist fallout.
“Up until the growth plates close, which is through adolescence and even early adulthood, the effects of nutrition are magnified,” said Dr. Constance R. Chu , director of the Cartilage Restoration Center at the University of Pittsburgh, who said nutrients might affect the number of healthy cells in cartilage and its thickness.
has to cure itself.” Representatives to the whaling commission from more than a dozen nations — including the three whaling countries and New Zealand, Australia, Chile and other nations backing the compromise proposal — are in Washington this week to negotiate terms of the agreement, which would protect as many as 5,000 whales from hunting over the next decade, officials said.
Cele said he had met with a senior F.B.I.
He has sold close to 500,000 pens in the last two years, mostly to teachers, students and businesspeople.
Eddie Siebert, the company’s founder and president.
Risk-taking was also well rewarded in the fixed-income markets.
PHOTO: Yuko Kavaguti and Aleksandr Smirnov of Russia won the European pairs title with an upset of Aliona Savchenko and Robin Szolkowy.
5, named Himalayas because of the knoll that makes it a blind tee shot.
On Monday, Kadmon is expected to announce that it has obtained exclusive worldwide rights to taribavirin, a form of ribavirin that may have fewer side effects.
The benchmark share index in Athens was trading down 1.3 percent in the afternoon.
The voter turnout on Sunday was 17.1 percent, as each of the pro-democracy candidates trounced fringe candidates.
Van Nest’s drug-dealing problems, finally on the wane, would never have been tolerated in Morris Park, they claim.
The ad was sponsored by a group backed by unions and casino and mining companies supporting Mr. Reid.
 To the Editor: While I commend the Palestinians for using peaceful action to protest Israeli settlements, I am disturbed by the ascribed motivation behind this new movement.
For some bus riders, however, the results have not been as positive.
In that race, a Siena College poll taken a month ago indicated that Tom Reed, a former Republican mayor of Corning, had a 14-point lead over the Democrat, Matt Zeller, an Army veteran who enlisted in the wake of the 9/11 terrorist attacks, but 26 percent were undecided.
A foretaste of the opposition came from Alan Johnson, who until the fall of the Labour government last week was home secretary, with wide powers over security, the police and other regulatory agencies.
Bond yields rose for Portugal, Spain and even Italy, a strong indication that problems remain.
Whatever happened, it just solidified.” BUT though Ms. Compton was quite sure that she would “remember our first date for the rest of my life,” by the next day she was having doubts.
Ronaldo just cannot get as much of the ball, cannot find the space that Messi does because Messi is always surrounded by attacking options, Ronaldo often by none.
“Chances are, I’m going to ask you to feed my kid, and step around the dog pee.
“Only sometimes he would complain to close friends about the unspeakable experience,” Mr. Song said.
And we all know the type: the ideal­ized human being who remains ever out of reach — the title’s elusive object of beauty, which, as Daniel writes wryly of the most avid collectors, “would make every­thing right, would complete the jigsaw of their lives, would satisfy eternally.” Who cares if he’s talking about the love of art or the art of love?
She is a daughter of James J. O’Hare III of Hingham, Mass., and the late Karen Morris O’Hare.
The attack, which he said did not go as planned, was “justified according to Islamic Laws and the Islamic Religion.
While the characters resemble the original Crocs style, the objective of the ads is to highlight new styles like a men’s loafer and women’s flip-flops that look nothing like the original.
“Do it!” the boss says after conking a random subordinate with a thick strategy document.
As the public schools system entered its annual process of selecting schools for closing or turnarounds, parents, teachers and community groups leveled criticism at school officials for the lack of communication with the communities involved and questioned data from the central office that does not match the reality in the schools.
They also mirror overlapping points of view about musical interpretation.
It was fun to drive the robot throughout the first floor of my home, chasing the cats and seeing if anything was somehow different.
Since hydrates are lighter than water, a large accumulation threatened to increase the buoyancy of the dome and lift it out of place.
That the work was created on a shoestring budget only increased his admiration.
It is expressed in kilobits per second, or kbps, or megabits per second, or Mbps.
He moved here three years ago, when Mr. Masfuk first put out a call for Chinese teachers.
The Board of Supervisors voted it down on April 21.
“In one stroke, we are putting the system on a viable path and safeguarding future pensions.” Yannis Stournaras, an economist in Athens who has advised past Socialist governments, called the bill “our passport out of hell.” “It represents the toughest challenge for Papandreou and goes to the very heart of his party,” he said.
As it happens, according to the budget Mr. Obama released in February, $33.5 billion would be added to the deficit in 2011 if the Bush tax cuts were extended another year for households earning at least $200,000.
With wrestlers, illusion mixes with reality, resulting in a fuzzy picture.
This is also a debut of sorts for Mark Lamos, the playhouse’s artistic director.
“He left the company days after I was hired — it was weird,” Ms. Mina said of her boss’s disappearance.
Mr. Willis’s home office on the Upper West Side was a repository of theater documents — a veritable archive of playbills, press releases, production photos and the like.
Sprint Nextel , the nation’s third-largest wireless carrier, is preparing to make a decision on buying $3 billion in advanced wireless equipment, and Huawei is considered to be a front-runner for the deal.
Questions were frequently intercepted by team manager Yawar Saeed.
Many of the 400 guests lingered for a nightcap.
But the collection lacked the urgency of vision that could have compelled Mr. Armani back into the world of workhorse dressing — and the pretty eveningwear did not even reach the divine madness of the satellite dress that Lady Gaga picked from Privé.
Dallas scored the first 10 points of the second half and never relented.
Pilot, musician, businessman, photographer, animal lover and bon vivant, he was a man of many talents and strong convictions, all accompanied by irrepressible good humor and wit.
In announcing the guidelines, Lisa P. Jackson , the agency’s administrator, cited evolving science on the effects of mountaintop removal mining, an aggressive form of coal extraction that uses explosives and vast machinery to tear off hilltops to expose coal seams, dumping the resulting rubble into streams and valleys below.
That year Ms. Stewart was sentenced to five months in prison after she was convicted of lying to authorities about her 2001 sale of about 4,000 shares of ImClone Systems.
The cowboy hats seen last season returned for another spin on the catwalk but it was the cute scarves that were peeking out from below those ten-gallon distractions that really caught the spirit of the lively show.
The problem is that the two countries have ignored a fundamental lesson from the Colombian experience: foreign aid, security cooperation and judicial reform were necessary but not sufficient conditions for reducing violence.
And that often takes place here in southern China, where workers are paid less than a dollar an hour to solder, assemble and package products for the world’s best-known brands.
Mr. Obama: Well, let me use a couple of analogies.
n PHOTOS: Roman holiday Clockwise from right: an illuminated manuscript in the American Academy in Rome's library; the founders' plaque in the atrium; a communal lunch.
My initial impression was that this was a man who was completely careless about his appearance, but I eventually concluded that the scrupulous inattention to wardrobe and grooming was of a piece with his refusal to fly on airplanes (visiting America from his home in Berlin, he travels by ship) or to carry a cellphone.
That’s part of the process.” This wizardry is typically carried out in a variety of ways on a bank’s trading floor.
In 2008, Mr. Morefield lost his job — twice — and thought he could ride out the recession doing design work for friends and family, but when those jobs dried up, he set up his stand.
But then came Greece’s financial crisis in April, which set in motion a chain of events that sent investors fleeing to safe long-term investments, said Adam Quinones, the rate strategist and managing editor of Mortgage News Daily .
And in Delaware last week, Christine O’Donnell, a Republican Senate candidate, threatened to sue a radio station if it released a video tape of an interview she had just conducted.
“The North wants to send a message to the South that it will never yield.” Last weekend, an American nuclear scientist said that the North had shown him a new facility for enriching uranium, in what appeared to be an intentional revelation that it was developing new means to expand its small nuclear arsenal.
A caution: Look for young green beans in the market.
Government officials here vowed to crack down on food-safety violations in the wake of the 2007 and 2008 melamine cases, which damaged the reputation of Chinese food exports worldwide.
And even more, as he lay dying, Scott wrote a “Message to the Public,” quoted here: “We are weak.
In either case, a sense that the investigation is entering its final stages has contributed to a feverish political environment.
The ruling gave manufacturers considerably more leeway to dictate retail prices, once considered a violation of antitrust law, and it set a high legal hurdle for retailers to prove that this is bad for consumers.
But surely it is a mistake to overestimate the importance of abstract reasoning in our lives.
Ms. Buck, who publicly called herself an “anti-imperialist freedom fighter,” was often described in the news media as the Black Liberation Army’s only white member.
After the game Saturday, Halladay said he had the ball from the final out and the pitching rubber, but that he was ''not huge on a lot of the memorabilia.''
On Saturday, Xerxes Antia, a Zoroastrian priest, led a Parsi ceremony, also at the home of the bride’s parents.
(Gates) 20100318 ‘BLIND’; closes on Sunday.
Global Positioning System by 2020.
Still, the survey indicated that consumers remained deeply concerned about their own financial situations and job prospects.
In the end, Mr. Bharara said he concluded the deal being brokered by the politicians was acceptable and just, and was being pursued for the right reason, and his prosecutors scrambled to secure guilty pleas from the 10 jailed suspects in different cities as the case sped to a conclusion.
In “Square One,” Mr. Forster recounted his decades-long campaign against bigotry.
Tolerance is the new intolerance.
But he served with uncharacteristic power in his first-round match, hitting 131 miles per hour on the radar gun.
Smith Travel Research forecasts revenue per available room in these cities, as well as in New York, will jump 5 to 10 percent next year.
It concerns me, as a parent, that children haven’t been educated on the topic even though this information has been available.
At least 50 other Guantánamo prisoners have filed habeas lawsuits.
LVMH's first statement that it owned shares in Hermes, the maker of silk scarves and Birkin bags, came Oct. 23, when it said it owned 14.2 percent, and had options to acquire another 2.9 percent.
This is a more complete version of the story than the one that appeared in print.
“I am sure that when the political storms blow over,” he wrote, “David’s patriotic, unselfish and distinguished service to his country will be duly recognized.” While at the O.P.A., Mr. Ginsburg hired Nixon, fresh out of Duke University’s law school.
Korean Air, the largest cargo carrier among the world’s commercial airlines, announced last week that it had returned to profit during the final quarter of 2009.
But customers weren’t ready for such technology.
These purchases will turn up in sales reports as they are completed.
It would seem that an idling law, like a no-parking law, would be easy to administer: both affect vehicles that are standing still.
Both are permanent members of the United Nations Security Council, where multilateral action would have to pass, and both possess a global reach that could effectively scuttle much of what the United States tried on its own.
An Associated Press-Univision poll released May 13 showed nearly two-thirds of Hispanics opposed the Arizona law, compared with just 20 percent of non-Hispanics (45 percent favored it and 30 percent were neutral).
On Friday, Riley went back over his gesture seven years ago.
While the Enron scandal can seem dauntingly complicated, she said a family background in business made her feel less intimidated.
To sum up David Climer’s thoughts in The Tennessean : oy.
She trained harder and longer; five hours a day, six days a week.
He provided the soundtrack for several generations of Americans trying to navigate the rocky shoals of romance and grapple with love and heartbreak.
Now Jay Cutler is dinged up, at risk behind an overmatched offensive line, and anyone who believes the Bears are a playoff team without their franchise quarterback has fallen under the spell of Lovie Smith’s hypnotic monotone.
No one publisher could create Flipboard’s personal magazines or Instapaper’s curated feeds, because they are not based on a single content source.
Professor Robbins argues that prosecuting someone for the gesture alone is usually unconstitutional and a waste of resources.
While Hughes hopelessly looked, his teammates screamed and Chavez scampered to first base.
“We all are responsible for this brand.
The longer grapes are left out on the vine, the riskier the proposition.
Her father retired as the editor in chief of Time Warner.
Made to music for piano and violin by Lou Harrison, its uncanny force comes from the way the tribal meets the neurological.
The rep is getting ready for this meeting and kind of going through everything.
The frame can rotate 90 degrees.
A senior Interior Department official responded to the G.A.O.
“But Alzheimer’s is of concern to people all over the world, and this town is very special.” Questions flew.
Reconciliation has been used periodically before.
Then in December, at the last minute, Mr. Landrieu jumped in, throwing the race into chaos.
The new version of The Journal, with an added section of New York reporting, is supposed to start in April with a staff of about three dozen and a focus on local politics and cultural news.
Moreover, a senior administration official acknowledged that the United States would have had the authority to designate all these companies on its own without the passage of the latest United Nations resolution.
Michigan looked like the team it expected to be while No.
Last week, federal prosecutors sketched out what they said was an $80 million scheme to defraud a giant information technology project to automate the payroll system for New York City employees.
My longtime internist called me at home on Sunday, four days after the operation, to ask how I was.
He joked with reporters about Federer’s trick-shot video — “You think it’s real?” Murray asked incredulously — and tended to his fantasy soccer team.
If we lock ourselves into a one-size-fits-all paradigm, we will strangle the power of personalized medicine to prescribe the right drug for the right patient at the right time.
And it’s yet another level of experience to realize that those stars account for less than 4 percent of what’s out there — the rest being of an unknown composition, so-called dark matter and energy, which researchers are now trying to divine.
Tyler Clippard pitched the eighth, and Matt Capps struck out the side — all on called strikes — for his major-league-leading 21st save in 25 chances.
“He’s still not all there,” Minaya said.
“He built a dacha with his bare hands,” Ms. Shevchenko boasted, referring to the traditional Russian country house.
“But they are willing to go the extra mile if it’s put to them correctly.
In the three tents and on an outdoor main stage, with D.J.’s front and center acting more like cheerleaders than technicians, every style put bodies in motion.
But escalating costs and the national debate over the health care overhaul are forcing medical schools and residency programs to grapple with teaching about the financial side of their profession.
“A lot of people look at it as the women’s sport isn’t as competitive as the boys’, so when something happens, it’s more shocking,” Griner said.
The group is also announcing 21 new members, pushing the effort even further toward cross-industry unity.
The hands are often spared in these kids probably because they are washed more frequently than the regions of the body they touch the most.
But after graduating from high school in 1943 he joined the Navy and served in the Pacific.
Last year alone, Torkin says, there were 3,000 of these parties, attended by about 100,000 people.
A sprained left kneecap kept her off the court for eight weeks since she lost in the Wimbledon quarterfinals at the end of June.
Neither Greece nor Turkey needs neither German nor French submarines.” The Greek Foreign Ministry declined to comment on Mr. Bagis’s comments.
A federal district court jury in Richmond, Va., acquitted them of the charges.
The police officer explained that while conventional deterrence hadn’t worked, he had begun to persuade gangs to behave by issuing a credible threat: namely, that when a gang attracted attention with notorious acts of violence, the entire gang — all of whose members likely had outstanding warrants or probation, parole or traffic violations — would be rounded up.
Is it safe enough to use daily?
I don’t even know how to explain it.” Rios spent most of last year with Toronto before Chicago claimed him on waivers in August.
But he used it all to steal — not only money and valuable artwork, but also family heirlooms, memories of loved ones and connections to the past.
For tight spaces, an icon of the car shows up on the navigation screen amid zones that turn from green to yellow to red as you draw closer to obstacles.
“This year, we’re allocating a bigger budget for marketing,” Mr. Fleury said.
Since then, however, the host cities have been real cities, full of the big hotels, coffeehouses, sushi bars and infrastructure supposedly required to accommodate the visiting hordes of officials, reporters and spectators.
Ever since Greek anarchists firebombed the bank on May 5, killing three employees who had defied a general strike, the Marfin bank has become an impromptu shrine.
American Legation Museum (8 Zankat America; 212-5-3993-5317, legation.org ) was the United States’ first overseas consulate and is now a free museum.
But not everyone can sleep on buses, and I'm among them.
In a slight tightening of the temporary rules, all banks getting aid from the government that goes beyond loan guarantees from Jan. 1 onwards will have to submit a restructuring plan to show how they can continue to function without additional support in the future.
In physics, he increased his rotational inertia, resulting in more rotational momentum.
A talented maker of plastic models, he owned and operated the Hobby House in Greenwich for many years.
Nor did the Canadians blame their goalie for their predicament.
Visa said the transaction would dilute its fourth quarter earnings by 4 or 5 cents a share.
“I understand who buys what and why,” she said.
Over here 95 percent are outside the box because the goalies are freaking out.
A Washington National Opera spokesman said Mr. Domingo remained “in close contact” with the company’s team “at all times.” “Knowing Mr. Domingo’s tireless commitment to the company, we have every expectation that he will continue to carry out his responsibilities with the same passion and dedication that he brings to each of his roles,” the Washington National Opera said in an e-mailed statement.
Democrats said they were eager to get started.
Put the shifter in D, touch the throttle pedal lightly and the Mustang moves out, well, tenderly.
Many Philharmonic players were acknowledged with well-earned solo bows.
The Jets have reason to be relaxed.
Instead, because of a bizarre 50-year-old convention, they measure the 1950s television tube that those rectangular sensor chips could fit inside of.
“We have 80-year-olds coming out to try it.” He and Ms. Denney — who started ice skating at 9, after becoming a national champion roller skater — suggest that newcomers arrive at the rink with warm clothing: long pants, a long-sleeved shirt, gloves.
Defender Chad Marshall and forward Robbie Findley did not play.
Net income is expected to be $3.79 to $3.86 a share, or $4.37 to $4.44 a share excluding charges.
The commission announced that Mr. Yanukovich, the opposition leader, had prevailed by 3.48 percentage points, or 887,909 votes.
Loving mother to Alli and Ruth and exceptional mother-in-law to Peter.
stock, and those shares were not part of the $1.3 million in assets whose value was stepped up, then your tax basis is what he paid.
This is the only way to ensure that in 15 years time, young South Africans can look forward to a better future.
They risked their lives to capture on film hundreds of blinding flashes, rising fireballs and mushroom clouds.
Fond of cats, the waltz and the New York Knicks, she is sorely missed.
What about the competition in ideas?
Sometimes, undoubtedly, that is the case.
Mr. Taylor said that his Christmas parties each year were part holiday celebration, part political events.
But if they all deserved an apology, shouldn’t they have gotten one from him privately, rather than on TV?
Fewer people than expected have applied for money from a $100 million fund BP set up to help deepwater rig workers after a federal moratorium on drilling prompted by the Gulf of Mexico oil spill .
During two weekend visits to the restaurant, in Freehold, the conversation was bubbling and the mood was high.
With the stimulus waning, the unemployment number would be higher, but for the grim fact that some 3.5 million people have either quit looking for work or not entered the labor force during the downturn.
“It’s not the right time for this,” said Paik Hak-soon, a North Korea scholar at the Sejong Institute, near Seoul.
They appear to combine both photomechanical technologies and manual labor, but in most cases, it is nearly impossible to tell what is really going on in them.
The women who have no illusions about love may be lonely, but their bitter knowledge gives them strength.
It was not until the autumn of 2007 that Pyxis and its brethren set off alarm bells outside Merrill.
In Puerto Rico , the archbishop of San Juan , where Mr. Martin grew up, urged compassion for the singer.
The carmaker has had high hopes for the latest version of the GX, introduced in December and built at a high-technology plant in Tahara, Japan.
Many of the promising young players who had sparked the Dodgers’ resurgence in recent years have regressed.
Mr. Bloomberg is redirecting that money into a new firm dedicated specifically to serve him, and recruiting a dozen employees of Quadrangle to handle the work.
Dr. Sands said the bacteria do not grow in temperatures over 82 degrees.
Though Mr. Kaczynski had often clashed with Russia’s leaders, his planned attendance at the memorial service to mark the Katyn massacre was seen by many as an indication that Russia and Poland had overcome years of bitterness and that relations had begun to improve.
Every time I’m in Britain, I’m reminded of how blissfully free young women are to expose Cadbury-fed thighs.
I told you.” Minaya, who was hired at the end of the 2004 season, is in the first year of a three-year contract extension that carries through 2012.
Still, in Japan the yen has become a sensitive issue as the currency fluctuates around a 15-year high.
And then I picked them up, pulled my grandma sweater tightly around my chest and walked across the street for some coffee and a magazine.
Interment to follow at Gate of Heaven Cemetery, Hawthorne, NY.
During the year, some of them lived in Brooklyn; at one point seven people were squeezed into this oddly configured apartment; two makeshift bedrooms are accessible only by ladder.
At home in New York, she holes up in a ''whisper room'' in a studio at the old Horatio Seymour Tammany Club building in Chelsea to practice.
Kevin Kolb, the starter in Week 1, would make his fifth start this season in Vick’s place.
The Times published an article this week by Aaron Glantz, a reporter with The Bay Citizen news organization in San Francisco , that focused on the extraordinary surge of fatalities among Afghanistan and Iraq veterans.
One day before the attack, a Qaeda operative told him about Ahmad, the suicide bomber, and “how brave he was for dying in that truck.” Mr. Ghailani told the police “he would have been a hero and saved many lives” if he had warned anyone, the report says, but “all he could think about was that Ahmad the driver is going to die, and the American Embassy was the target.” Mr. Ghailani said he considered himself religious, and had read but not studied the Koran.
From 2007 to 2009, venture capitalists invested $1.9 billion in 275 Colorado start-ups, up from $1.6 billion in 247 companies from 2004 to 2006, according to the National Venture Capital Association.
But even an extra set of eyes from a friend, family member or career center employee can be enough to set a wayward résumé on the right course.
Just on a stage — any stage.
In 2008, some Nasdaq stocks — among them Cisco and Charles Schwab — sold for a penny a share.
The Treasury secretary would have to convince a special panel of three judges from the Federal Bankruptcy Court in Delaware that the company was “in default or in danger of default.” The Federal Deposit Insurance Corporation would step in as receiver, with the power to sell the company’s assets and liabilities, or to hold and manage parts of the business until a sale became possible.
Israel said it would expand operations at the land crossings already operating to enable processing of “a significantly greater volume of goods” and “the expansion of economic activity.” It spoke of opening more land crossings in the future.
He had been director for human interaction and visual design at Gridiron Software, Ottawa, Ontario.
Jeff Skilling is in prison, though the end result was bittersweet for prosecutors when much of his conviction was overturned by the Supreme Court.
The entry-level rooms include stainless steel sinks and lights over the door, like those on an airplane, indicating when the bathrooms down the hall are free.
Several foreign companies have found themselves competing against Chinese firms using a slight variation of the foreign technology.
Because Weber plays baseball to support his wife and two children — he cannot afford to lose even a minor league salary — he chose his words carefully Tuesday.
That may sound like good politics, but it is very bad economics.
Coaches have faulted him for not shooting enough.
Nonetheless, it is fair to ask what level of “regrettable” civilian casualties is actually acceptable in humanitarian terms.
“That’s not a guy with a stick over his shoulder and a bag of cans.” To track thefts, sanitation officials used online requests and calls to the city’s 311 hot line for the agency to remove chlorofluorocarbons from refrigerators, freezers, air-conditioners, water coolers and dehumidifiers.
Mr. Blesso said he actually thought about redecorating (or undecorating) when he first listed the apartment.
The frenzy has kept a spotlight on Mr. Christie, whose trip this week to campaign for other Republicans in the Midwest continued to fan speculation that he has his sights on the White House.
Ultimately, Ferrucci claimed not to worry about winning or losing.
In defense, Mr. Mitchel drew his own revolver, which he had become accustomed to carrying (and with which, Mr. Miscione, the historian said, Mitchel once shot a friend in the leg by accident).
The election commission has still not released the names of the winning candidates, only their total numbers by party affiliation, so it is unclear how many of those 52 might be among the winners.
“The Taliban are warning us that ‘If you remain loyal to the government, we will kill you,’ ” he said.
(Frequent household guests included the gospel singers Mahalia Jackson and Clara Ward, and the remarkable Sam Cooke.)
GRAY--Edward W. T. The Board of Directors, Volunteers and Staff of the Ronald McDonald House of New York, Inc. acknowledge with deepest sympathy the passing of benefactor and friend, Edward W. T. Gray III, President of Analytic Asset Management, Inc. and Chairman, The Countess Moira Charitable Foundation.
Nibali completed the 127-mile leg from Ferrara to Asolo in 4 hours 57 minutes 51 seconds.
In the near future, that could mean more Lady Gaga and Justin Bieber, less Nickelback and Keith Urban.
“Mining is not like a shop that you can open and immediately take advantage of,” he said, adding that it would most likely take 5 to 10 years before the country could begin to use those reserves.
But on a visit a few weeks after his discharge from the hospital, I noticed that the gauze had been packed more loosely and changed less frequently than we had instructed.
They will try harder than any other horse I’ve ridden or trained.
— were already eyeing the finals, which begin June 1.
“We really need to weigh the harms associated with screening,” he said.
In contrast, they say, some European institutions have concentrated too much on issues of prejudice and political rights.
In State Senate District 31 in Northern Manhattan and the Bronx, we endorse Adriano Espaillat.
This, above all, is why the crowds cheered for the pope, in Edinburgh and London and Birmingham — because almost five centuries after the Catholic faith was apparently strangled in Britain, their church is still alive.
Returning to head measurements, other researchers computed with new categories the proportion of different “blood” in people of different races: Belgians were 60 percent Nordic (the superior European race) and 40 percent Alpine, while the Irish were 30 percent Nordic and 70 percent Mediterranean (the inferior European race).
About 60,000 drawings went into “Tulip.” But no paper.
She said that he wanted her and the couple’s young daughters to leave Jordan and return to Istanbul in his absence, which they did on Oct. 26.
Republicans keep insisting that they share the goals of reform, they just want a more incremental and less polarizing approach.
But in 1985, when the center-field fence was moved in, a fan-friendly attraction opened.
But although this person behaved badly by not being more forthcoming with you, he is still entitled to some privacy.
“This channel must observe the global standards of journalism,” it said.
“He’s had a fantastic year,” said Moore, whose best finish this year was a runner-up at the AT&T National.
This week brings the first detailed look at whether the market mayhem in May inflicted any serious damage on the global economic recovery.
David A. Paterson signed a law last month that requires schools in large districts to notify parents of any infestation.
“The lobby is meant to be a very animated space,” Mr. Houghton said.
Of the years of living dangerously, when he was zonked out on heroin, Mr. Richards recalls that he slept with a gun under his pillow; turned his 7-year-old son, Marlon, into his minder on the road; and forced all his band mates to live on “Keith Time,” in which 2 p.m. recording sessions had a way of becoming 1 a.m. dates the following day.
In recent weeks, there have been nearly daily attacks, including roadside bomb attacks and assassinations, throughout the country.
It is now in contract.
High jinks ensue, during which the new Doctor misnavigates time and the spunky young girl ages into a spunky young woman, Amy Pond, who becomes the Doctor’s latest companion, a lithe redhead who stares appreciatively while the Doctor changes clothes.
The presumed winner, Viktor F. Yanukovich , the opposition leader, appealed once again for her to give up, saying that he wanted to avert a new period of political instability in Ukraine .
Visitation Tuesday 2-4 and 7-9pm.
A Lack of Integrity China devotes significant resources to building a world-class education system and pioneering research in competitive industries and sciences, and has had notable successes in network computing, clean energy, and military technology.
“But I also admit that when I sit down to write, I’m not thinking about writing new female protagonists of epic scale.
My wife is an M.C.
Neither was Jozy Altidore , who has reported for preseason training with his club team, Villarreal, in Spain.
Even during a fierce campaign for Senate, Martha Coakley speaks with quiet fervor, a serious woman who has been arguing issues since she was a standout on her Western Massachusetts high school debate team.
Summer Stars series at City Center and from there to Broadway, where she won a Tony for playing Mama Rose.)
Mr. Dinis (pronounced deh-NEES) was the district attorney for an area that included Cape Cod and the islands off the coast when a car driven by Mr. Kennedy plunged off a narrow bridge into a saltwater pond on Chappaquiddick, near Martha's Vineyard, on July 18, 1969.
But analysts like Mr. Mayo cite fear of putbacks as one reason Bank of America’s stock has lagged behind its main rivals.
I have a place in New York in the Flatiron District, and I have a place in Paris in Île Saint-Louis, and I spend a lot of time in Congo.
The debris is also an environmental and health hazard.
that he left voicemails for the Jets employee who circulated the text messages.
In her upbeat readings, the hard emotional lessons of domesticity — “the pulled-out fur of cat and cur” — were valuable training sessions for the next go-round.
Disney wants Cablevision to pay up to $1 per subscriber each month for the right to retransmit WABC’s signal; Cablevision has offered an undisclosed fraction of that.
The economic outlook offered by Mr. Bernanke was sobering.
Sitting in a suite at the Essex House hotel in Manhattan on Tuesday morning, Captain Sullenberger said he wanted to contribute to projects, particularly the books and the documentary, that would be suited to history.
He delights particularly, and perhaps excessively, in inventing creation stories about the “Iliad” and the “Odyssey.” In one chapter, they are scripts written by the gods and double as symbols of war’s folly: “There have been innumerable Trojan wars, .
He could nullify the indifferent world.
“We have been working for some time to come up with these standards.” Calls for Safety Dr. Robert Smith, an F.D.A.
Our favorite was the flourless chocolate cake served with house-made vanilla ice cream .
He also made critical physical and mental errors on the same play in the fourth inning: distracted after what he thought was a missed call at first base, Burnett reacted late as Daniel Nava scored from second, then threw wide of the plate as he scored.
“We don’t want to make a mall of our parks,” said Rita Denowitz, a retiree who lives on the Upper East Side and volunteers in parks.
She put in central heating and plumbing for 17 new bathrooms.
And it worked.” First prize was the chance to perform with the theater’s headliner, Red Skelton, for a week.
The Kaplans send their deepest condolences to her entire family.
Canon says it has enhanced the Smart Auto mode in these PowerShots so that users can achieve better results in a wider variety of shooting situations.
Meanwhile, the Upper Big Branch mine victims are poised to slip off into history where they will join the 78 who perished in the big Farmington disaster of 1968, and the 38 killed in the Hurricane Creek disaster two years later.
They get scared and have heart attacks.
I think I should cooperate with what they ask me to do.” Nineteen red-shirt leaders were indicted on terrorism charges two weeks ago in Bangkok.
The investigation into sexual abuse by clergy members in Germany expanded Monday to take in four more priests and two nuns in the Regensburg Diocese in Bavaria after new victims came forward there, the diocese said Monday.
It came into use in the aftermath of the Civil War , signifying the changes that had to take place in the Old South.
Oh, there’s one other matter: Both acknowledged having fathered children who in a quainter time were described as — pass the smelling salts — illegitimate.
And I had been counting down the days until I could try it with what I consider to be the queen of all pie fruit, sour cherries.
After watching millions and millions of dollars being casually spent on Warhols and Rauschenbergs, Picassos, Calders and Johnses at the spring art auctions of the last two weeks, it might seem that the money troubles of the recent past were little more than a bad dream.
“Then to get up and down for the victory, you can’t beat that.” No one could, not on a Sunday when the tournament committee decided that the field would not play lift, clean and place on the still-damp course.
Its stable shape allowed a thinner strand of pasta to be used, making the reheated product less gummy.
Still, as with many international summits that have gone before, we will withhold judgment until we see what leaders actually do measured in terms of the challenge we face.
''The insidious problem of pilot fatigue cannot be fought by increasing the amount of time pilots fly in the cockpit.''
Simas Jasaitis scored 16 points for Lithuania, which had seven players score in double figures.
In the tale the philosophical theme is the impermanence of all things, which she says is a fundamental idea of Japanese culture: Nothing lasts forever.
“I’ve thought about that all the time, every day of the career,” Sandberg said then.
Ms. Hall (currently on view in the film “The Town”) delivered a Vivie of imposing strength, both physical and ethical.
A former engineer for Rockwell International and Boeing who was convicted of passing space shuttle secrets to China was sentenced Monday to 15 years in prison.
But on Wednesday, the acting agency administrator, Michele M. Leonhart, made it clear that she believes they are an imminent public safety threat.
“These people are capable and considered the gold standard of deepwater drilling,” said Peter Vig, managing director at RoundRock Capital Management, an energy hedge fund in Dallas .
The reports of prisoner abuses there outraged him, but also rekindled an ambition to be an officer.
Prosecutors said the fraud would be one of the biggest and most complex to come out of the housing collapse and the government’s huge bailout of the banking industry.
I can’t do it rehearsed.” But Alexandra Pelosi, who has done six documentaries for Ms. Nevins, has long badgered her to be allowed to turn a camera on her patron.
The agent sternly told my “friend” to go back in line with everyone else.
The poor weather and tight security could not dampen the otherwise festive mood in midtown Manhattan, where the cast of the Broadway show “Hair” was among the acts to perform.
That would raise total collection capacity to more than 60,000 barrels a day, the current high-end estimate of the well’s flow rate.
“But that’s probably his duty.” Governor Perry has fought the review of the case, and declined to participate in the hearing.
Wading into a mysterious viral epidemic, Mrs. Peabody — figuratively, at least — rolled up her sleeves.
His attorney, John Keker, said he was disappointed at the four convictions despite his client’s acquittal on the other charges.
Through the social circles he inhabited she made valuable connections in the media and entertainment industries and got opportunities seemingly beyond her degree of experience.
For a 5-foot-8 person, that would be 164 pounds.
A 22-year-old man was fatally shot by the police outside a Brooklyn elementary school on Monday afternoon after he pointed a fake gun at an officer, the authorities said.
Instructional videos have been part of the game for decades, and coaches (and parents) have long videotaped players to help them grasp and address their own technical weaknesses.
But the young, moneyed crowd still flocks to an older favorite: Ivoire (Emilio Castelar 95; 52-55-5280-0477).
The death last year of Macho B, the last known jaguar in the Southwest, highlighted the team’s lack of vision for a long-term recovery plan.
The lines between traditional and experimental art are often sharply demarcated — or self-consciously combined — so that the present smartly comments on the past.
While Ms. Mitchell employs a team of rigorously trained young assistants to go on buying missions for her at private homes and Salvation Army stores all over Southern California, she doesn’t really seem to trust anyone’s eye but her own.
After a tooth extraction in 2003, the left side of her lower jaw began to deteriorate.
The Senate today is bitterly divided, frequently paralyzed and borderline bizarre.
He told him that he was proud either way.
She said: ‘I need a car, I just got into a fight with my husband.
Education Department officials later said that the rate of students who left the school was closer to 20 percent.
It’s in a tent, with familiar faces — it takes on a nice small-town feeling that’s been lost.”
For New York Democrats, the straw poll is one part New Hampshire primary, one part Iowa caucuses.
Asteroids are deep-space bodies, orbiting the Sun, not the Earth, and traveling to one would mean sending humans into solar orbit for the very first time.
The race, which is yet unnamed, is for 4-year-old fillies and older mares.
There are also works by Carlo Bugatti, Eileen Gray, Le Corbusier and Philippe Starck .
In the middle of a Manhattan cocktail party where young guests sniff that Pixar movies are “so brilliant, yet so necessarily empty,” Caleb (Josh Tyson) says he’s writing a novel, which he isn’t, and talks about being in love, which is not true either.
One of the albums contains an image that matches one of Mr. Norsigian’s negatives.
Loving father of Richard and Charles (Melanie).
How do you define “good” food and, for that matter, what is “food”?
For improved, brighter green fluorescent protein, see Crameri, A. et al.
Because it is seldom performed, “Actéon” was a special delight.
“A lot of these stags run into each other,” he said.
Something also goes awry with most women’s thermoregulatory systems, producing hot flashes in around three-quarters of us — nobody yet knows why, exactly, nor why certain women go on flashing for many years while some escape the whole must-remove-outer-garments- now phenomenon entirely.
In 2008, assets fell 29 percent.
“The morning after I opened in Chekhov’s ‘The Sea Gull,’ ” Ms. Stuart remembered, “I signed a seven-year contract with Universal.” Soon came movies like “The Girl in 419” (1933), in which she played a mysterious woman who witnesses a murder.
However, a senior government official said in a recent interview that the tests “would go very far to give the full transparency that is needed now, including looking at what might happen under the kind of economic disaster scenario that really nobody expects to happen.” Officials elsewhere have also expressed confidence that the tests will show that European banks are healthier than investors have feared.
The species grew to be about 40,000 pounds.
Mr. Graham said he would pull out of the effort on energy if Democrats tried to push ahead first on immigration.
Culture cannot change without a change in institutions.” But to the criticism that poetry was an insufficiently popular form he replied: “Poetry that reaches all the people is essentially superficial.
This June, California voters will have a chance to become the second state free of party primaries — a move favored by 68 percent of Republicans and 71 percent of Democrats there, according to a recent poll.
But the project had faced hurdles through the years, from concerns about harm to the Connecticut River to the indictment of Mr. Armetta for his tangential involvement in an organized-crime price-fixing case involving the state’s trash industry.
“It would also be helpful to increase the tolerance for modest inflation, to ensure room for desirable relative price changes,” the report said.
This is a more complete version of the story than the one that appeared in print.
Dr. Frieden rarely discusses his family publicly, and he dismissed questions about how his wife and two children were coping with the move to Atlanta by saying, “Moves are always transitions, and they can be difficult.” Agency officials said that the stream of e-mail messages from him tapers off between 6 and 9 p.m., when he is with family.
Six other Specials concur that it’s Mr. Hall, not Mr. Dammers, who is essential for the shows to resonate with fans.
badge around his neck, stands nearby.
“But faith is not a question of rational arguments.” He is a classic European Christian Democrat, who keeps his religion out of politics but believes in ethics and social justice.
Coach Rabah Saadane said: ''England have their backs to the wall.
For sheer beauty, there is a priest’s vestment called a phelonion.
Supporters of Proposition 8 have objected to that, and they appealed to the United States Supreme Court on Saturday to keep cameras out of the courtroom.
But we are not seeing hosts of distressed opportunities.
Netscape, the large star-shaped structure he designed, offered visitors an opportunity to rest their feet, with hanging seats made from polypropylene netting.
In West Orange the numbers coalesced in a different way: The strongest price ranges were $200,000 to $400,000 (42 percent sold or pending) and $600,000 to $800,000 (37 percent).
After zigzagging across the Continent, William moved to Scotland — where he seemed, for the first time, to reciprocate her feelings.
The last full census in Iraq was done in 1987.
That’s conflict.’ And she actually said, ‘Could we have the drama .
Loving grandmother to Eric, Abby, Isabella, Andreas and Sofia.
“I feel Danish, but my parents are from Poland and the rest of my family is in Poland,” she said.
In contemporary America, a writer’s life is more than just the endless, thankless task of writing itself, which E. B.
In a brutally macho culture that nevertheless honors blood ties, he’s hard on Ree but ultimately protective, not least because he admires her gumption.
The candidates included Senator Russ Feingold of Wisconsin, who is in a tough re-election fight.
“But I do have resources.” He has tried to frame the story as the kind of financial hardship many Georgians are enduring.
He graduated from Xavier University in New Orleans and received a doctor of dental surgery degree from Meharry Medical College in Nashville.
(As it stands, the retirement age is ultimately slated to reach 67.)
One is Hines, a real estate company based in Houston.
Such political deadlock would hurt efforts to cut government spending while again raising the question of whether the country can hold together.
“Prosperity wasn’t a bill,” snapped Specter.
Mr. Hoover describes DePaul as ''transfer friendly.''
Hours: Tuesdays through Sundays, 10 a.m. to 6 p.m.
The proposed rules, which would affect a large portion of new offerings in the $9.5 trillion market for securities backed by consumer loans, would in many cases require financial companies to retain 5 percent of each offering, a move that Ms. Schapiro said would “better align” the interests of investors and the securities firms.
“Sometimes, things don’t work out.”
“Although we share the same genes, South and North Koreans live like completely different peoples, with different accents, different ways of thinking and behaving,” said Mr. Yoon.
For years he was cagey about his involvement in Munich.
In 1999, he led the first American delegation to Peru to meet with Lori Berenson, an American who had been convicted of treason there in 1996 for planning terrorist acts.
“However, power purchase agreements have been hard to secure.” Officials consider a viable project as a source of energy and jobs, but the wind wars are also driven by state pride.
THE ARCHITECT THIERRY DESPONT INCORPORATED THE EXISTING FEATURES INTO FULL-ON DECO INTERIORS THAT WOULD MAKE FRED ASTAIRE (A LAMBS CLUB MEMBER) SWOON.
It was at this point that Ms. Hong’s brother, Joel, became a factor in their search.
French opposition politicians have accused Mr. Sarkozy of taking aim at the Roma to try to bolster his flagging popularity with tough-on-crime oratory at a time of budget austerity.
A. I love it as a fan, but I'm not entrenched in it anymore.
Royal Gems is on the second floor of a building full of diamond dealers on the north side of 47th Street.
It is not, however, too late to learn some lessons from the mistakes of the British in 1842.
The Justice Department filed a lawsuit on Thursday against Sheriff Joe Arpaio of Maricopa County for not cooperating with an investigation into whether his department was systematically violating the rights of Hispanics.
Mr. Emanuel is by no means alone in considering a run to replace Mayor Richard M. Daley , and others were surely irked by all the notice he drew his first days back home.
GURNEY I see visually but not so specifically.
This brought an automatic yellow card for Iniesta, but he did not seem to care as he blew kisses and was mobbed by his teammates.
The one- and two-bedroom units at the Metropolitan are larger, and priced higher.
Steve Phillips, then the general manager, took a call from his farm director, Kevin Morgan, and soon told the team the devastating news : Brian Cole, a top outfield prospect who had played with the Mets in spring training, was dead.
Gasification, like anaerobic digestion, is an age-old process.
1865 INDEPENDENCE DAY CELEBRATION , Old Bethpage Village Restoration, 1303 Round Swamp Road, Old Bethpage.
The problems in Kuwait , including a lack of legal protection, are hardly unusual or even regional; this summer, New York became the first state to grant workplace rights to domestic employees in an effort to prevent sexual harassment and other abuses.
For decades, faith and family have been at the center of the conservative movement.
Along with the head of the engine department, Paolo Martinelli, they rebuilt Ferrari into the most powerful racing machine in the history of the series.
By 1911, Bryant’s maternity clothes were doing very well, but newspapers were reluctant to run advertisements for them.
Ms. McLaren said the strip had been hurt by unresponsive absentee landlords, and by the lack of a business improvement district — a group that promotes the well-being of a commercial district in exchange for fees from business owners.
But over a period of a few months, Mr. Schmid got the hang of it — he got better at writing short posts about his work, at pointing out his posts to the right people on Twitter and being consistent, but not overbearing, in advertising himself.
The May 18, 2009, cable, titled “Google China Paying Price for Resisting Censorship,” quoted a well-placed source as saying that Li Changchun, a member of China’s top ruling body, the Politburo Standing Committee, and the country’s senior propaganda official, was taken aback to discover that he could conduct Chinese-language searches on Google’s main international Web site.
Louie was born in the Lower East Side of NYC.
There, precisely — and sadly — is where this well-intentioned book falls down.
Until June 2009, she was a mathematics teacher at Kappa International High School in the Bronx.
“Today’s numbers are a little bit of a dose of reality,” Mr. Shapiro said.
Imagine tearing a piece of paper that’s brittle or dry.
There remains a possibility that Oliver Perez, last year’s incredibly ineffective left-hander, could help out in that role, unlikely as that might seem.
I imagined something satiny and nutty, sort of like the peanut butter soup that my parents once made based on a traditional African recipe.
She insisted that no illegal substance had been found in her house.
''But when they see that face, they immediately recognize it.''
It did not disclose the errors in its earlier ratings.
But the new attraction is louder — the sound registers mostly in your chest cavity — and the effects are, by design, enough to make its two-minute film feel like a very long experience.
And while no one is blaming Rita for Ray’s failings, Vincent does begin to re-evaluate his mother’s methods and character.
Offerings change daily, but I sampled ciccioli, a fluffy, fat-laced pork pâté; small nuggets of parmigiano; a peppery wild arugula salad; and bowls of olives.
It’s thin sounding and cheaply made, and it’s got soul for miles; it’ll take you a while to know it.
Listening to that debate in Town Hall forced me to reconsider the name I had chosen for my place: Fish.
Rick Bishop, of Mountain Sweet Berry Farm in the Catskills, picks his wild right at the source of a spring on his land.
He loved art, literature and theater.
As it is, the Seventh has gained recognition as one of Beethoven’s great and weighty works in C minor, and the Eighth, in G, is treasurable as a repository of sparkling Beethovenian wit.
This is economically important because it makes our work force more mobile, and mobility is an important American advantage.
Yet still he has strived for more, and this year the New Zealand captain has shown that he is also no slouch as a ball carrier either, something he has not always been noted for.
(Two United States teams are favorites to win medals at these Games.)
“We swept them,” said Jerry Stitt, an Arizona assistant coach at the time.
From there, fans can see the field but will be encouraged to return to their seats.
(AP) RAYS SET ROTATION Tampa Bay has set the pitching rotation for its first-round playoff series against the Texas Rangers , with the 19-game winner David Price getting the ball in Game 1 on Wednesday.
Uruguay Coach Óscar Tabárez said, “I don’t think it’s too much vanity to think that if we improve a little we can aspire to certain prominence in future international tournaments.”
We'd seen it earlier in the day, flying in to camp, after kilometers and kilometers of Amazon green: long channels of cracked, whitish mud that looked like something from the Aral Sea.
My interest was in telling the story — not often told to the public — of how our great universities rose to international pre-eminence because of their ability to dominate the world of discovery, innovation, and the creation of ideas and inventions that have shaped our lives.
Rabbi Joseph Potasnik is to officiate at the Picnic House in Prospect Park.
In his opening statement, John McConnell, an assistant district attorney, said Mr. Rosario “used his job as a public servant to commit two very horrible, very personal crimes against two New Yorkers.” Mr. Rosario, 41, also faces charges that he raped another woman, a case that prosecutors said would be handled after this trial.
If its American business moves back into profit and other positive trends continue, HSBC should creep into its target range.
But count on a lot of repeats, at least at the outset; 3-D shows don’t really exist yet, and filming them requires expensive, heavy, dual-lens TV cameras.
While Avis said that it had hired advisers, including Citigroup and the law firm Kirkland & Ellis, it did not offer any details on a potential bid.
(Learn about taking part in the study at www.vitalstudy.org .)
And everywhere Termilus saw the living frantically digging, often with bare hands, for their kin or neighbors, hoping to pull a miracle from the mess.
Joyce was a "giver", someone who routinely put others before herself; in that way she remains an inspiration to all who had the privilege to know her.
So a 2015 fund, for instance, might say something like “40 percent equities, 50 percent fixed-income securities, and 10 percent in cash in 2015.” The proposed rule would also require some sort of illustration of the fund’s glide path — or how the investment mix will change over time — while also highlighting the asset allocation at the landing point.
But change, as is now amply clear, does not come quickly.
A key to deflecting the stereotypes is learning to communicate in ways that tap into our best selves — in terms of expertise and personality — and to connect through a compelling combination of warmth and strength.
His last three starts produced an E.R.A.
Signs of hardening Chinese policies are easy to find.
“I love seeing the reactions start streaming in around 3 p.m. Hawaii time,” Mr. Ozawa said.
“In private business, Billy was, in essence, the chief cook and bottle washer,” said Anthony Buras, a member of the parish council.
The Japanese are calling it a miracle.
It provided a reminder of the challenge ahead for the Jets, who trailed the Bengals, 7-3, in the first half before pulling away in the third quarter.
Driving the establishment of teacher-run schools is the idea that teachers who have a sense of ownership of their schools will be happier and more motivated.
Bond said that Rogers claimed he represented the Newton camp.
You won’t find a society where people don’t have some notion of fairness, don’t put some value on loyalty and kindness, don’t distinguish between acts of cruelty and innocent mistakes, don’t categorize people as nasty or nice.
His game plan is obvious: He needs most of the Republican voters, then a few Democrats and independents, and he needs to come off as fiscally conservative, tough on defense and moderate on social issues.
Beyond good feelings, he said, “there really needs to be a true policy.” Mr. Rivkin called such concerns unfounded.
As playwright, he inhabits a middle zone, with one foot lifted toward the stars and one planted firmly on the earth — the soil of his beloved England.
“We’re seeing a sort of handover from consumer spending to capital spending,” said John Ryding, chief economist at RDQ Economics.
Erwin von den Steinen, Bonn
That has rippled into a new threat: After a decade-long boom that encouraged many from the previous years of diaspora to return, thousands of skilled young Irish, business leaders say, are now moving out.
Later, the judge approved a $150 million settlement instead.
They noted that President Obama, meeting in Seoul 10 days earlier with President Hu Jintao of China, had raised concerns about possible North Korean uranium enrichment.
The Educational Records Bureau’s rules permit students to take the test only once each admissions season, which runs from April to January.
“We were good, we were smart, we were working hard,” was the summary from Ville Leino, who scored the second goal as the Flyers bounced back from a 5-1 loss here Thursday.
“You got to sit there and say, ‘Do I want to be part of the team?
It’s part of the Dixon Place Hot!
Many of the women in the sewing group live in the diverse neighborhood of Rogers Park.
The Crocs brand spent $4.3 million on advertising in 2009, one-third the $12.8 million it spent on advertising in 2008, according to Kantar Media.
“We can be a little better going forward,” Donovan said, adding, “At some point, you have to take some risks if you’re going to score.” But the United States does not want to be reckless.
“Maybe the injury was a good thing,” she said the other day as one only can in retrospect.
Other experts have defended the methodology, and Ms. Ravitz, the Education Department spokeswoman, said on Wednesday, “We believe that value-added data is an indicator of a teacher’s effectiveness.” There has also been concern about the release of the data to the public, with some experts cautioning that teachers could be unfairly maligned.
Despite the attention it has brought, the company has sold only about 1,200 of its electric sports cars, and has never turned a quarterly profit since its founding in 2003.
Mr. Zapatero reiterated his call to Spaniards to make a collective effort to help pull the country out of economic crisis, but he said the effort “should in the biggest part come from those who have more, obviously.” “I could add from those who really have and not from the middle class, which already bears a large part of the fiscal efforts of the country,” Mr. Zapatero said.
ON THE PLATES A selection from six varieties of herring, including huckleberry, before a second course with pickled beets, mixed green salad , mushroom salad, meatballs and braised beef.
History buffs may know that Peter G. Peterson, the investment banker who once worked for President Richard M. Nixon, is credited with creating the ''I Like Ike'' slogan in 1952.
Mr. Gelb, after his appointment was announced, had harsh words for the state of the Met under Mr. Volpe.
John W. Engeman Theater, 250 Main Street.
Ten rooms also contain NightCove, a bedside electronic sound-and-light device that helps you sleep “by stimulating the secretion of Melatonin,” as the guest guide puts it.
If you try to correct every minor fluctuation, he explained, not only do you expend more energy unnecessarily, and not only do you end up fatiguing your muscles more quickly, you also introduce more noise into the system, amplifying the fluctuations until the entire effort is compromised.
Meanwhile another board member, the architect Art Gensler, set his firm to work creating drawings to suggest what the new galleries might look like.
Nothing will move forward until Birmingham releases its report.
“For me to land it and ski onto the podium,” Peterson said, pausing.
Kenyon B. FitzGerald Jr., President
There's Cecil Lang, the professor (one said ''Mr.
Alberto Giacometti’s “Femme de Venise V,” a jagged, craggy, elongated figure cast in 1958 in an edition of six, excited huge enthusiasm and cost its anonymous bidder a huge $10 million.
The federal government is fully engaged, and I’m fully engaged.” The mix of resolve and regret served to erect a political berm that advisers hope may contain the damage from a five-week-old crisis that has challenged Mr. Obama’s presidency.
Among the nonelected officials said to be supportive of the chairmen are Alice M. Rivlin, a former budget director to Congress and to Mr. Clinton; David Cote, the chief executive of Honeywell International, and Ann Fudge, a former chief executive of Young & Rubicam.
“It’s one of the old-school circuits still left in the championship, like Spa and Monza,” said Tonio Liuzzi, an Italian driver with the Force India team.
''It feels quite aggressive, and 'La Cage' isn't aggressive.
He will be remembered by all as an extremely loving, caring, and cheerful individual.
Congress and the Bush administration did not expect NASA to be capable of investigating itself.
“He didn’t look depressed.” A friend at the building who said he knew Mr. Madoff fairly well said that recently Mr. Madoff had seemed to be coming out of his depression of the last two years and that he seemed fine as he was taking a walk Friday morning.
What are you supposed to do when you’re a kid and your mother is more interested in trolling for a husband than in getting to know you?
Still, Mr. Johnson’s move to charge Mr. Morales under the terrorism law was controversial; civil libertarians on both ends of the political spectrum characterized the legal maneuver as an undue expansion of prosecutorial power.
The Cash Passport smart cards will be available in euros or pounds and can be used wherever MasterCard is accepted.
“We’re visiting these countries,” Ms. Rossides told a House Homeland Security subcommittee in June.
tournament to root for their alma mater or to follow their brackets, Telep sees a referendum on his professional opinion.
The Facebook page looks like any other — give or take a fancy royal crest.
One of the most commanding is also one of the smallest: a carved ivory relief, probably a home altar, with the central players taking a bow before an adoring audience of monkeys and holy men.
The first violations revealed in news reports date to at least 2005, and the investigation began after they were first reported in 2006.
Ultimately, though, parole decisions are subjective.
“Mary, I open my eyes every morning, and all I want is a pipe to smoke,” Sharon confesses during one backyard tête-à-tête.
Several hundred gallons of water contaminated with radioactive materials from a 1950s nuclear research site spilled into the Mohawk River near Schenectady on Oct. 25, prompting an investigation by the United States Energy Department.
In a case that alarmed advocates for whistle-blower protections, the two nurses were fired by the hospital and prosecuted in 2009 after anonymously reporting Dr. Arafiles for a variety of surgical and prescribing practices.
Graduate of Mary Institute, Miss Porters.
Their music is accomplished, tackling kid subjects in a mature way, with furiously energetic playing, especially on the part of the drummer, Izzy, who on Saturday was sporting a torn Patti Smith T-shirt.
“Commodities protect you from a different kind inflation than TIPS do,” he said.
“We saw pretty much the same thing over and over,” Miss Mason said.
We feel we’ve been very careful and very thoughtful about the entire thing.” The history museum initially said it had no record of how many items it had sold, how much the sales had brought in or where the proceeds had been directed.
R.S.L., the defending league champion, led the league with 45 goals, and also allowed the fewest, 20.
“Buckley is like a rotten tree,” Burt Neuborne, a law professor at New York University, wrote in 1997.
“I don’t think it comes as a surprise to a lot of people; as governor, Charlie Crist has never been loyal to the Republican Party,” said Adam Hasner, the Republican majority leader of the Florida House.
(REUTERS) FANS DIE IN STAMPEDE IN KENYA Seven fans died from a stampede in Nairobi while trying to get into a stadium hosting a game between two of Kenya’s most popular teams, the Kenya Red Cross said.
“They’re capable of turning up the heat and turning it down,” he said.
I’m climbing up one more time.” Remarkably, only one surgery was performed on Walton’s back, and he marks the days the way a recovering alcoholic tracks sobriety: “14 months, 3 weeks, 5 days ago,” he said.
After the first major resort — the Moana Hotel, now the Moana Surfrider — opened in 1901, organized beach service began on Waikiki.
For now, in the airport lounge, she seemed as relaxed as I had seen her during the several days I spent with her.
"At that time, we intend to present the many reasons why his joining our organization is the best possible choice he could make."
Do you find this moment reminiscent of your father’s loss to Palin four years ago?
Paul initially uses blackmail to pry clues to the whereabouts of the organ traffickers from his boss (Sam Shepard), a gubernatorial candidate who has illegally and secretly obtained a new heart.
He was convicted in 2009 in Federal District Court in Albany on two counts of fraud for failing to disclose lucrative payments he had received from businessmen seeking help in the Legislature.
The Red Sox have been to the playoffs in seven of the last eight years and won the World Series in 2004 and 2007.
An early test indicated that the droplets were oil , and she has continued to find similar droplets on fresh larvae samples taken all along the northern Gulf of Mexico.
Mr. Raffles’s flights of prose sometimes tend to excess.
As a result of that stalemate, only two biotech crops are allowed in Europe: a corn called Mon 810 from Monsanto and a potato called Amflora from the German industrial group BASF.
“They said that I was killed during the protests against the presidential elections,” she said, shaking her head.
He exercised like a college athlete in training.
Rapes were up 15 percent citywide and rose in every borough but Queens.
Lawmakers report being buttonholed over bailouts by confrontational constituents, and Senator Robert F. Bennett , Republican of Utah, was jeered at a party convention by people chanting “TARP, TARP, TARP.” “It became a litmus test of fidelity to free enterprise principles,” said Representative Bob Inglis , a South Carolina Republican who was crushed in a primary last month partly because of his vote in favor of the plan.
But I wish he would have pointed out that a major cause of this economic polarization is the weakness of the nation’s labor movement.
Visibly Oiled Birds [230 dead; 680 alive; 910 total] Visbily Oiled Sea Turtles [8 dead; 76 alive; 84 total] Visibly Oiled Mammals [3 dead; 1 alive; 4 total] June 24: Sludge Hits Pensacola Thick oily sludge washes ashore at Pensacola Beach as health advisories against swimming and fishing in the area were extended for 33 miles east of the Alabama/Florida border.
There has been no such outcry over the Descente suits.
scoring, with 45 points in 40 games.
It offers an opportunity to strengthen your relationship with a co-worker.
She spends about $750, the bulk of her federal disability income, on her $1,085-a-month, one-bedroom apartment.
5 for the Houston Dynamo.''
My favorite is “Commissioned Painting: A Painting by Elmire Bourke,” which centers on a paint-splattered surface that resembles a work by Jackson Pollock.
Screening and diagnosis of the disease at its earliest possible manifestation meant that I was able to choose surgical treatment — and regain peace of mind for me and my family.
; Nov. 16: The Asia Society honored Mukesh Ambani, Jeffrey R. Immelt and Zarin Mehta and the New York Philharmonic.
“But I learned the value of scarcity, and even the sort of tensions between East and West.
She has three children, who all have lives — and problems — of their own.
Its details include Brazilian mahogany floors and a kitchen with Smallbone of Devizes furnishings and Italian marble countertops.
Mr. Obama will barnstorm on the campaign's final weekend for candidates who, like Mr. Reid, have found it useful to display a stance of independence.
“But in the end — and this is one of the greatest qualities he has — he recognizes that nothing trumps the team.
“But we study and talk blatantly about it — who has access to this food and why.” Ms. Kessler’s pupils study factory farming and corn subsidies, read articles by Michael Pollan and Wendell Berry and watch documentaries like “Food, Inc.,” a dark look at the nation’s industrialized food system.
More troubling for me than the supposed miracle’s scientific implausibility, I said, was its murky dramatic character.
Toll , would step down as chief executive next month but remain executive chairman.
Mr. Tutor, who is the chief executive of the Tutor Perini Corporation, Mr. Barrack and their backers bought Miramax through a company called Filmyard Holdings.
That was all before Monday.
Each vendor had paid $25 to $50 for a table, with half the money going to the church and half to Ms. Kim.
On Sunday, youths attacked a migrant from Kyrgyzstan, Alisher Shamshiyev, 37, at a bus stop.
“Don’t you worry about Canseco,” said one Latino man about Mr. Rodriguez’s opponent, pumping the congressman’s hand and speaking, like many of Mr. Rodriguez’s constituents, in Spanish.
To push it through, the deal makers pulled out all the stops.
But communities accepting federal housing funds are required to give equal preference to qualified applicants from groups locally in the minority.
These books are linked to a broader, more universalist tradition in the ancient Near East.
At the end of the two-hour performance, hosted by the actress June Lockhart, a longtime friend of Mr. Greene’s, the audience of more than 300 gave a standing ovation.
Ms. Bertine, in a white silk halter gown, and her father, Peter Bertine, strutted down the aisle to the bluesy jazz strains of Nina Simone’s “Feeling Good.” Under a setting sun, she joined her bridegroom.
That kind of warming could flood major cities and cause parts of Antarctica to collapse.
After all, the cover of the more glamorous of the two catalogs that listed the items to be dispersed proclaimed “Zero” in gold lettering.
The stretch between Christmas and New Year’s yielded some highs and lows in local college basketball.
Binghamton University acknowledged Monday that its men’s basketball program had made mistakes but said that the N.C.A.A.
Tuesday at 8 p.m. $70.
“But every Sunday,” Mr. Harris said, “we turn on the TV and watch Dr. Schuller preaching at the Crystal Cathedral.”
This is a more complete version of the story than the one that appeared in print.
But in the spring of 2008, as the language in the initiative became more and more specific, Mr. Rogers dispatched an army of lobbyists to Capitol Hill with a study that contended the economy would shrivel if Congress enacted cap-and-trade legislation that was under consideration.
The case has always been hobbled by a lack of direct evidence tying Dr. Ivins to the letters.
When I hit the top, 21 minutes 20 seconds after I started (a bit under half the pace of Thomas Dold, the German who picked up his fifth straight title in 10 minutes 16 seconds), I was half expecting something like a King Kong statuette.
MR. KOPPEL : And so did the economy.
CBS’s 10 p.m. crime show, “The Mentalist,” delivered the night’s largest audience with 14.7 million viewers, while “CSI” (14.2 million) helped CBS outperform ABC and “Grey’s Anatomy” (10.7 million) in the 9 p.m. hour as well.
They don’t mention this on those annoying Yankees histories they blare into your brain at the Stadium: maybe Babe Ruth was not a model citizen, but the Yankees let him go and did not fuss over him until he was dying.
This year, soldiers, the police and intelligence officers set up checkpoints every few hundred feet throughout the capital, and the festivities were held in a stadium rather than in the open.
He began his career at Condé Nast in the 198os and did stints as publisher of Vogue, GQ and Condé Nast Traveler.
It is good hot or cold.
IN OTHER GAMES Kelsey Bolte scored 19 points, the freshman Anna Prins added 12 and No.
That would allow stalled work to begin on Pier 2, designated for sports.
Federal stimulus money has helped avoid drastic cuts at public schools in most parts of the nation, at least so far.
Our guests say nothing about the floors because they are kind.
Guthy-Renker is testing a campaign for Proactiv, its popular line of acne products, that is far more like a campaign for a mainstream brand.
Cato affirmed that Kibler was.
Six wines by the glass ($6).
“We’re suddenly going to have a significant portion of the British population spending the length of a football match watching three people talking about politics,” said Stephen Coleman, a professor of political communication at the University of Leeds.
Vincent Cassel , the cocky, snake-eyed French actor with a prizefighter’s mug is so charismatic in “Mesrine,” a four-hour biography of the notorious French gangster Jacques Mesrine, that you can’t take your eyes off him.
All parties said they wanted an inclusive government.
China vaulted past competitors in Denmark, Germany, Spain and the United States last year to become the world’s largest maker of wind turbines , and is poised to expand even further this year.
“I don’t know,” she said.
Mr. Redzepi paced the Noma kitchen nervously trying to figure out some way to fit them in, but couldn’t.
The conditions of two of the survivors improved on Thursday, as a spokeswoman for the hospital said that James Morhard and Kevin O’Keefe were upgraded from serious to fair condition.
He realized that reimbursement by regional Medicare contractors was inconsistent, so he decided the agency should have a uniform national policy.
In cases where the government gains a court’s approval, it would have access to a trove of material that 10 years ago would be unthinkable in its detail.
What other showcase works as well for someone who is both a shut-in and an exhibitionist?
“The ideal is not necessarily silence, but warmth, smooth operation and possibly even luxury.” He’s right.
You can adhere to the original agreement to repay gradually, but repay you must, her current condition notwithstanding.
“It’s pretty horrific.” The slash wounds on the three bodies were discovered as investigators worked their way through the charred remains of the house, where four families lived, on Nicholas Avenue in the Port Richmond section, said Paul J. Browne, the Police Department’s chief spokesman.
And then if you’re looking foolish on 2-0, what the heck is coming when you’ve got two strikes on you?” Krukow compared Lincecum to a former teammate, Will Clark, who joined the Giants in 1986, homered off Nolan Ryan in his first at-bat and became an instant sensation.
There was talk of prosecuting The Telegraph, and government lawyers boned up on the Official Secrets Act.
You never know what’s going to stick.
But they could eventually see some relief from the usual backups and bottlenecks at many bridges and tunnels.
He repaid some of the money, blamed the transgressions on bad accounting and cruised to an Election Day victory.
At the Clark Studio Theater, Rose Building, 165 West 65th Street, Lincoln Center; (212) 721-6500.
Their old apartment sold last month for $425,000, a price Ms. Pape describes as “a lot better than it could have been.” The liveliness of their new neighborhood has exceeded their expectations.
(And it is most certainly Degas; the titles mention him by name.)
The title of Mr. Peace’s book and the quartet as a whole — the other titles are “Nineteen Seventy-Seven,” “Nineteen Eighty” and “Nineteen Eighty-Three” — work as an obvious point of connection with that Orwell masterpiece, though there are more similarities, notably an enveloping sense of dread and a criminal gang that maintains its grip on the population through sadistic violence, all faithfully reproduced in the movies.
The game ended 15 bc3!
Shown as part of the festival’s official program, “Carlos” was denied a spot in the main competition on the grounds that, because it was largely financed by the French television channel Canal+ and was intended for broadcast, it did not count as cinema.
(J. C.) NEIL YOUNG “Le Noise” is a solo album, and a loud one: Neil Young singing and playing electric or acoustic guitar, produced by a master of reverberant space, Daniel Lanois.
Students can then pay $30 for a black-and-white version to be printed on demand or $60 for a color version, or they can buy an audio copy.
This interview with Dan Rosensweig, president and chief executive of Chegg, was conducted and condensed by Adam Bryant .
The idea came after my date with an especially careerist suitor on Match.com who tried to exploit our dinner for professional gain.
Representative Jackie Speier, a California Democrat who has sponsored legislation to increase regulation of cadmium in children’s jewelry, said the presence of the element in the glasses was a significant concern.
The attack was the latest in a series of shootings and bombings, as insurgents seek to take advantage of the Iraqis’ failure, after five months, to form a national government, and to test Iraqi forces ahead of the American deadline.
When the plants reach the top, workers reel more twine from the spool, shift the entire row horizontally and band each vine to its neighbor so that by the end of a plant’s life it might grow parallel to the concrete floor for as many as 20 or 30 feet, a dozen vines tangled together like garden hoses, before each makes its own graceful turn upward.
“That’s what has to be re-established again — keep some people clean so they can go to the ball carrier,” Giants Coach Tom Coughlin said, referring to the team’s linebackers.
“If you go into a sleeplike state, you can save energy.” When in this state, the insect will stop breathing for a long period of time, followed by a series of short breaths, and then one long breath.
9 P.M. (CNBC) REMINGTON UNDER FIRE: A CNBC INVESTIGATION Scott Cohn, a senior correspondent, follows up a 10-month CNBC inquiry into the Remington 700, the popular hunting rifle, that reports that the gun is prone to firing without pulling the trigger, and that its manufacturer has been aware of the problem.
— let’s say it’s deeply textured and leave it at that,” says the actor David Eigenberg, best known as Miranda’s husband, Steve, in “Sex and the City,” who worked with Linney in the early 1990s on the Broadway production of “Six Degrees of Separation,” in which he had a small part and she was an understudy.
And winning, say most coaches other than Wenger, is the be-all and end-all of the exercise.
Jasmine Melzer Brooklyn, Sept. 11, 2010  To the Editor: Regarding Chock Full o’Nuts’ return to Manhattan: That’s great!
“I was doing all the writing, but he was on the front line, meeting with people, counseling people.” When the Catholic authorities said Dignity could not meet on church property, Father Carter celebrated Mass in apartments all around Manhattan.
The Americans, however, are active in the area.
On Aug. 26 he announced that although his doctor had declared him “completely cancer-free,” a degree of immobility during his recovery had caused a recurrence of sciatica, which would prevent him from standing on the podium for long.
Kansas had trouble with turnovers in the first half, finishing with 12, more than its average for a game this season (11.9).
The discovery that the statistics could not be relied upon has undermined efforts to convince jittery markets of the credibility of the Greek government’s deficit-cutting plans.
1 seed for the N.C.A.A.
The pope also considers the continent to be a major area of growth for the church.
“We carry a lot of resentment and trauma from the experience in prison, and sometimes that can be acted out.
Walter Bobbie directs this new David Ives play, which goes backstage at an audition.
Toxic OUTBOX Additional photos are at nytimes.com/magazine.
And the unwillingness of the United States to push its Israeli ally to uphold the equality of all its citizens is not only a grave disappointment, but a strong reason to challenge the United States as the leader of the free world.
He found his way into broadcasting as a way to augment his $4,800-a-year salary.
I’d always imagined my quest as a lonely one — that only isolation could lead to revelation.
And always have some emergency money.” When she first started shopping, she looked at houses priced around $140,000.
“It is simply talk,” said Mr. Stone’s lawyer, William W. Swor.
Lisa Daniels, who has been renting in an East Harlem walk-up with her husband and two sons while she waits to close on one of Mr. Karp’s apartments, said that in late December her husband received a phone call from a lawyer at Oved & Oved, the firm representing Mr. Obstfeld and the investors, advising him of the litigation.
Dr. Varsou — who, like her husband, Taragay Oskiper, has a doctorate in electrical engineering — said the boys’ enthusiasm for the game seemed to have no bounds.
Clinical psychologists like myself receive a doctorate degree after completing at least six years of postbachelor’s training in the theory, science and practice of mental-health treatment.
“With a screen print 10 or 15 color separations need great expertise.
The idea of parity might seem like a very abstract and mathematical concept, but it affects our chemistry and biology.
Kenneth C. Frazier, the president of Merck, is to become chief executive of the pharmaceutical giant at the beginning of next year, the company said Tuesday .
“And a six pack of Bud Light,” Big Charlie threw in.
In 1954, The New York Times called Mr. Gowland “America’s No.
But legal experts are divided over whether the courts will find the searches reasonable.
He had another home in New Rochelle, N.Y., on Long Island Sound, and an apartment in Manhattan, where he kept much of his modern art collection, including works by Giacometti, Kenneth Noland, Frank Stella and Fernando Botero.
O’Dowd, who built the Rockies around those three, said they all had desire and confidence to match their talent.
But there were signs from the hearings that make it highly improbable U.S.C.
The happy comeback of the music video, a form once considered nearly obsolete, has many sources.
suddenly turns more aggressive,” said Masamichi Adachi, an economist at J. P. Morgan Securities in Tokyo.
We all miss Adele terribly, but know that she lived as marvelous a life as anyone can live.
Jiménez had a par in the playoff at No.
And it is one of Mo Willems’s many achievements to be, if not the first, then certainly the best author to present the dread heartbreak of the lost stuffed animal — in this case a certain beloved Knuffle Bunny.
Then, she insisted the corset be loosened.
Most of the post-mortem discussion of the finale will involve parsing and grading that final 10-minute sequence.
She sat down next to the box of stuff she had collected and began to pull out items and hand them to Death Bear: the artichoke candle, the corduroy blazer, an old cellphone full of text messages from her ex.
And the director, Cara Reichel, and choreographer, Christine O’Grady, hit the sweet spot with their staging of two numbers, one an outlandish song featuring bastardized Italian lyrics and the transformation of deli products into a Venice canal scene, the other serving up a lively male tango.
I’ve been through the AIDS ward at Mount Sinai, so I have seen the hospital’s great work firsthand.
The sun is heating the newly open water, so it will take longer to refreeze this winter, and the resulting thinner ice will melt more easily next summer.
This makes it, in the world of academia, practically viral.
“It was the beautiful china I had grown up with,” he said.
But the power of computing, Dr. Roberts recalled, “opened up a whole new world.
That time it was with the Walt Disney Company over fees for the ABC network, and it culminated in a 20-hour cutoff that briefly interrupted the Academy Awards.
The administration’s efforts to manage its policy dilemma played out this week.
But tuition costs can cut both ways.
I wish I could shut up, but I can’t, and I won’t.
“Night Work,” due Tuesday from Downtown Records, is a return to Scissor Sisters’ dingier clubland roots, before the band became a chart topper in Europe and a cult favorite in the United States.
“Since the launch of the euro, Germany has constantly gained competitiveness against its euro-peers,” said Nicolaus Heinen, expert on economic and European policy issues at Deutsche Bank.
“I still have a ways to go,” he said.
If you're considering buying a new car, you may want to consider buying it this weekend.
Along with France, South Korea also recently approved a system under which Internet pirates who ignore two warnings to stop illegal downloads face the loss of their Internet connections.
The shrine, he said, “is not just another crowded place — it represents a millennia of tolerant Sufi Islam which is directly under attack by the puritans.” The bombers detonated their explosives in the basement and inside the shrine, after a Sufi ceremony of singing and prayer, according to a witness, Muhamed Yusef, who was interviewed on Pakistani television.
That is one reason Prudential’s stock took a beating Tuesday, dropping about 20 percent, as analysts and investors asked whether the company had overpaid and underestimated the risks of a China slowdown or currency swing.
“It’s just been on my back for a while, and I think I can do it, so I’m going to be working on that.” But first he must compete in the snowboarding halfpipe at the United States Open.
Joints are like car parts.
“Madame Zhou helped me find the confidence to do that.”
Why it won’t happen Superstars often talk about playing together, but they rarely do it.
Exiting Deutsche Bank Deutsche Bank is losing half of one of the few successful double acts in investment banking.
A senior White House official, speaking on the condition of anonymity, said that in “a small number of cases,” people might have been “wrongly” registered as lobbyists, based on federal standards.
The gambling tax rate in Singapore will be 15 percent for mass market and 5 percent for V.I.P.
Maj. Michael Johnson, a spokesman for the International Security Assistance Force, as the NATO force is known, said NATO authorities were unaware of any such attack.
The show boosted Mr. Kimmel’s usual ratings by factors of about three or four.
The brothers fired them, accused them of malpractice and refused to pay them.
The Defense Department is scaling back information sharing, which its leaders believe went too far after information hoarding was blamed for the failure to detect the Sept. 11 plot.
How did you find them?
But the more I think of it and the more I look back, I think my career has been helpful in the way of character building.
Some of their positions would be eliminated, and those that remained could be filled by more senior teachers from other schools.
That is enough time for human ingenuity and technology to rise to the occasion and ensure that the air we breathe is a lot safer.
A mild breeze and good shade kept us cool in the 90-degree heat, and the course attracted a diverse crowd: young families, older couples, teenagers on a double date.
Ann Demeulemeester Men Pants, About $1,410.
But aside from the pain of personal loss, I feel intense pain for what he lost, especially the blossoming of our four grandsons.
Devoted mother of Caren Novick, David Rosner and Susan Cooper.
Yeats thought that good poems arose from the poet’s examining of his own quarrels with himself (and there are many such poems in Whitman).
Rental vacancies peaked last fall, and home vacancies in late 2008.
Particularly sought after by serious collectors is the Kaleidoscope House, designed by the artist Laurie Simmons and Peter Wheelright, an architect, in 2001.
Steven M. Safyer, M.D., President and CEO David A. Tanner, Chairman Board of Trustees Montefiore Medical Center
On Monday, Jets Coach Rex Ryan decided to put a taller, more-physical presence on Moss, and that job fell to Cromartie, who is 6 feet 2 inches.
About 101,000 dogs have licenses issued by the health department , but that’s a small percentage of the estimated 500,000 dogs in New York City.
In more settled economic times, markets could probably absorb this increase in Korean tension without too much difficulty.
But others say that Mr. Bonner suggested Mr. Chisam because of his work ethic and objectivity.
“In terms of the league, they’ve set the bar pretty high,” Gallagher said.
Located somewhere between the environmental movement and the bunkered survivalists, the peak oil crowd is small but growing, reaching from health food stores to Congress, where a Democrat and a Republican formed a Congressional Peak Oil Caucus .
But despite the comic tone and the fact that “American Night” is an equal-opportunity offender, the agenda is clear.
The pieces move around all the time.
Among those declared a saint was Mary MacKillop, an Australian 19th-century nun who founded the Congregation of the Sisters of St. Joseph of the Sacred Heart and focused particularly on the education of poor children.
Compared with Jews in other Nazi-dominated nations, Hungarian Jews suffered similarly fierce deprivation but had a slightly better chance of survival; approximately one-third of them outlived the war.
A decade later, the note of white grievance that Buchanan struck that night is part of the conservative melody.
“Hunger is certainly almost an exclusive symptom of poverty.
America must prove to itself as well as to others worldwide that it has the ability to clean up the garbage it has left in its wake.” He backed up his words with deeds, gathering a bewildered constituency among the conservationists who had opposed him.
in particular is coming back fast — along with its hundreds of suppliers.
And Dr. Trenberth has published work suggesting that Hurricane Katrina dumped at least somewhat more rain on the Gulf Coast because the storm was intensified by global warming.
The uninformed float rumors that Rahm Emanuel is on the outs.
But a few years later, a graduate student using new technology came up with a way to discern variations in the Havasupai DNA, which was stored in a university freezer, and he wrote a dissertation based on his research.
Three exhibitions opening in the next few days are meant to dispel common myths about Colonial women’s sewing habits.
He suggested the Kansas City part because of the general feeling that it would sound more authentic for a place featuring steaks; Max’s was either borrowed from the poet Max Finstein or, more probably, added simply because it sounded like a reliable restaurant proprietor’s name.
However, the university’s experience suggests that an initial step like this one might lead to joint degree programs, he said, adding it was a possibility that the same could happen in India.
The freshman Ross Krautman kicked a 24-yard field goal with 1 minute 7 seconds to play, and visiting Syracuse defeated Rutgers, 13-10, on Saturday to become bowl eligible for the first time since 2004.
Running time: 1 hour 25 minutes.
Several analysts attributed the rise to Warren E. Buffett’s support of Goldman Sachs, which is fighting accusations of trade fraud from the Securities and Exchange Commission.
That’s why the Bahamas is a good place to start looking this winter, when the islands’ Ministry of Tourism offers airfare promotions.
Then it gave Mr. Foley a lengthy run-around despite what he says is his excellent credit.
It is so heavily Democratic that Mr. Stark has never attracted a serious Republican opponent.
But, at a minimum, give him full credit for challenging himself and his school in a simple and profound way.
He then laid a seat of palm leaves beneath a kapok tree and prepared the sacred forest medicines: datura and natem, hallucinogens that produce potent visions.
His last, “Rags,” a 1986 musical about a young immigrant (Teresa Stratas) on the sweatshop-era Lower East Side, collapsed under the weight of negative reviews and closed after four performances.
She is in kind of a difficult position.” Mr. Brooks, who vehemently disagrees with the F.D.A.’s action, said that Ms. Kallman’s beer became unfairly caught up in the regulations.
The appeals panel upheld a district judge’s ruling that dismissed the suit by Carl Mayer, a Jets season-ticket holder from Princeton, N.J. Mayer had argued that fans spent large sums to see games that were essentially rigged, and he sought $185 million in damages for Jets fans alone.
Mikael Ekman, a friend and protégé of Larsson’s who collaborated with him on a nonfiction book, recalls sitting with Larsson one night in 2001.
In the 1970s a television and film producer approached Ms. Shange with the idea of a mini-series that would trace the history of black music through the role of women.
And it says they leveraged their positions with the hospital to negotiate the sale of their consulting company to Huron Consulting Group , in Chicago, also a defendant in the case.
Listen, O children of Broadway, to His own words, chanted by a chosen tribe of His disciples at the theater at Studio 54 (once a pagan temple to the gods of disco) as His sardonic image smiles down upon them.
With his unruly white mane, thick glasses and scruffy jackets, Mr.
Independent security researchers said that at least 34 corporations had been targets of the attacks originating in China.
“But we fell short.” Several players and Manager Jerry Manuel mentioned how Santana settled down and gave the team four scoreless innings after the disastrous first.
“I finally got her number and she said, ‘I’m totally not allowed to talk to you.’ ” But they began exchanging text messages.
He ran five miles to school and five miles back.
“In Leo’s world, those don’t mean much.” Manzano said: “When you start talking plans and strategy, then you have a lump of information in your mind that you’re trying to process when you’re trying to race.
A telecommunications billionaire, Mr. Thaksin was one of Thailand’s richest men.
Police officials first suggested the $216 million figure in a report submitted to the Justice Department on Dec. 18 that gave an overview of the security plan, Mr. Browne said.
Goldoni, the prolific Italian playwright revered in Europe and pretty much ignored in this country, was himself stage-struck from the time he was a boy.
Still, Robert Mosbacher won the 1958 Clifford D. Mallory Cup, the men’s North American championship, as well as world sailing championships in the dragon class in 1969 and the soling class in 1971.
“The building is falling apart, and the banks are saying, ‘What do you want us to do?’ ” said Dina Levy of the Urban Homesteading Assistance Board , a tenant advocacy group.
In Damon’s only season hitting second for the Yankees , there was no better man for that job .
The revenue from the higher rates more than offset the slight decline in meter use.
So they know the cars inside and out.
“A more brutal politician would have stepped back and fought back, just like Bakrie,” Mr. Mohamad said.
(PHOTOGRAPH BY HIROKO MASUIKE FOR THE NEW YORK TIMES) CHART: THE SULLY: By Dale DeGroff 'A cocktail celebrating the combination of skill, luck and physics' 1 1/2 ounces rye whiskey (Keens used Sazerac) 1 1/2 ounces Martini & Rossi sweet vermouth 1 dash Angostura bitters, ''because life is bittersweet .
People understand what’s happening, versus these TV shows.”
“He often took the children sailing on the Kinneret.
But as the name makes clear, the Venezuelans have the means to leave by airplane.
I think we spent about $100 million on a U.S. program to help them go do that.
But she said she was confident that the election would be thrown out.
In an interview with Diario Perfil, he acknowledged that he had made “grave mistakes,” but he continued to insist on the efficacy of the cuts.
“When you bite into this food, something happens,” he said.
And he differentiates the aphorism from the equally short-form sound bite by noting that the aphorism enhances knowledge while the sound bite shrinks it.
The Patriots’ defense ranks 28th in the league (in 2001, it was 24th).
“The president is overreacting to events around him,” said Boni Hargens, a political scientist at the University of Indonesia .
The new standards would make it likely that technologies used in cars — aerodynamic bodies, low-rolling-resistance tires, variable valve timing and hybrid electric propulsion — would be introduced in box trucks, garbage trucks, cement mixers, school buses and tractor-trailers.
If you had to choose a little-known American dramatist to bring to greater attention, who would it be and why?
The hotel is entirely powered by Columbia River Gorge wind farms and hydro dams through renewable energy credits provided by Pacific Power’s Blue Sky program.
The State of Louisiana hired Cannon Cochran Management Services Inc. to review the process.
California, Florida and New Jersey recently made unsuccessful efforts to legalize Internet betting on casino-style games, said Mark Balestra, the director of the BolaVerde Media Group, a consulting firm in St. Louis that tracks Internet gambling.
The Socialist Party decided on Tuesday to boycott the vote, arguing that the ban should apply only to shops and certain public places.
Kyrgyzstan does not have the abundance of natural resources that make its neighbors so attractive or “strategic” to the outside world.
Making the Deal The deal was sealed at a dinner in early January at Mr. Case’s house in McLean, Va.
The effort seemed partly successful — but the equipment in the centrifuge plant is so new that it is clear that the trade restrictions did not stop the North from building what Siegfried S. Hecker, the visiting scientist, called an “ultramodern” nuclear complex.
The helicopters landed before dawn Saturday in a poppy field beside a row of mud-walled compounds.
An appeal in a politically controlled court system may be doomed.
This has been a season of combining colors, but here, again, Proenza’s palette of apricot and salmon mixed with black and sulfurous shades of yellow for chiffon slips over black bras, was distinctive.
“For our purposes, there would have to be a complaint, and we would make an assessment,” he said.
She wonders if the basket is from them.
“We want 100 percent of the people using Windows to pay for it, because in those places where you have a lot of pirated use of Windows, we don’t have any cost advantage.” Microsoft’s critics portray its behavior as reactionary, saying the company is trying to protect old business models as new devices and services arrive.
Instead politicians look out for the economic growth of the business leaders who finance their campaigns.
Unranked to start the season, much as they were in 2002-3 when Carmelo Anthony led them to the N.C.A.A.
And yet, he has a devoted following of readers.
We’re just here to play basketball, and that’s what we did.” The Wildcats’ verve showed up most on the defensive end.
Mr. Brown became involved in the theater serendipitously.
In response, Mr. Ball ran an ad of his own in which a woman identified as his former girlfriend defended him forcefully.
Why is the region so assailed by the intractables of political dysfunction and religious violence?
A calendar is designed to teach her the days of the week, and a chart dotted with shiny stickers keeps track of how well she has mastered tasks like brushing her teeth.
Her first book, “The Smart,” is about an 18th-century forgery trial she came across at work.
Steps, lines, rhythms and formations occur at dazzling frequency, and the speed of the Dewdrop soloist within her music is often bewildering.
“It started during a time when we spent almost the entire month on duty,” he said.
Asked about the 64 percent of youths placed out of the city, Mr. Rhorer suggested that the numbers failed to account for San Francisco’s small size.
Around that same time, a BP document shows, company officials chose a type of casing with a greater risk of collapsing.
as the largest technology company and turning in some of the most consistent financial results in the industry.
“We’re working on a fix,” said Jason Post, a spokesman for the mayor’s office.
Both men spent hours before the House Committee on Oversight and Government Reform, one of three Congressional panels investigating the recall of more than six million vehicles and the delay in responding to problems of sudden acceleration.
“So each person who has articulated a view on this issue, they have every right to do that, and that’s what politicians do.
Alinghi 5, like other racing boats, including BMW Oracle’s, has a system of sensors to monitor the stresses in real time.
Mr. McConnell, speaking on “Fox News Sunday,” dismissed the comparison.
And on Wednesday in New York, Eric S. Rosengren, president of the Boston Fed, sounded a similar note.
It will be Volkswagen’s first factory in the United States since 1988, when it closed a plant in Westmoreland County, Pa., and it will have an initial capacity of 150,000 vehicles a year, Mr. Wilson said.
The voter surveys confirmed what even the White House had acknowledged before Election Day: Like many Congressional midterm elections, this one was a referendum on the president but at a time when unemployment hovered around 10 percent.
Wine list of 48 bottles ($24 to $90) and 14 selections by the glass ($7 to $9).
ROB COX and FIONA MAHARG BRAVO
In other words, sin taxes can spur us to rethink what behaviors are bad enough to be taxable — like drinking sugary sodas.
Ms. Garrett recently won the Queensland Rural Woman of the Year award from a rural women’s network for her work with the cooperative and for a business proposal to raise the appeal of kangaroo meat.
Social design flourished in 2010 by applying design principles to serious issues like aging, unemployment and homelessness, but is now imperiled in many countries by cuts in public spending.
The unintended effect is that the ads could appear as if they were referring to the politicians.
Your pictures sell for $400,000; you insist that you will never give up teaching, so what if it pays two cents?
FIFA values the players, but we value them five or six times higher.
Few are called, and fewer still are chosen to wear the strap-on wings of a Victoria’s Secret angel.
The girl claimed that when she refused to touch his genitals, he told her it was a sin and said he “could make her life miserable.” She said he then pushed her down onto a couch, touched her breasts and pulled down his pants.
Teachers at state secondary schools held another protest outside the Education Ministry and taxi drivers stayed off the job for a second day.
On a Time Warner Cable system channel guide, the film was described as being about a young woman preparing “to carry out her mission as a suicide bomber in New York’s Times Square.” It had been scheduled to appear on Sundance a couple of additional times this month.
He was not amused by Young’s remarks and called them “disrespectful.” Young later said that he did not mean to disrespect Lucas, or get into a war of words, but he was not going to “bow down,” either.
Mr. Puyal chose the profiles for “Behind the Wheel” for their cumulative effect.
To eat fufu or omo tuo as they do in Ghana, pinch off a bit with your right hand, indent it with your thumb and dip it in the soup.
All the feelings return, despite the passage of all those years.
He has become a father.
“You’ve ruined me forever,” she coldly accuses, when he refuses to let her get a tattoo.
1, I have confidence in myself,” Baker said.
“This is an entirely different case.” Mr. Fisher tried an analogy.
He knew what he was doing.” Told by the police to stay in his home, Mr. Harris crouched near his back window and watched as four shots hit the helicopter, which made an emergency landing in his field.
Borrowers are increasingly able to raise money on easy terms that recall the frothy days before the financial crisis of 2008, Ms. Vazza said.
His story is highly relevant at a time when greed as the basis of society has lost much of its appeal.
Histories of the Haggar clothing company assert that in the 1940s, the Haggars, working with the adman Morris Hite, came up with the term slacks , so called because they were to be worn during leisurely “slack time.” Too bad the O.E.D.
The Soap.com campaign, concentrated in the New York market, has a budget estimated at $500,000.
“The most important players in reviving and energizing the economy are the enterprises,” the South Korean president, Lee Myung-bak, said.
7 train terminates in Flushing, Queens, a barrage of people chat in dozens of languages, jostling for space on the sidewalk.
Dallas was a desirable location, and the Mavericks’ arena, American Airlines Center, was well suited for the event.
“If it had happened in winter, it would have had a much bigger impact.” Because Mexico’s resort destinations are served by several airlines, rescheduling flights is relatively easy, tour operators said.
Those words were heard again during Tuesday’s opening-night performance of the well-traveled revue “Our Sinatra,” at the Oak Room of the Algonquin Hotel.
They say that they cannot afford to support themselves on income from their plays and that they — not theaters — are entitled to have the chance to make significant money from their work in the years after debut productions.
With Chris it happens to be pottery.” But pottery is not necessarily soothing or meditative, Cooley said.
A union official identified the deceased driver as Johan de Keyzer, 36, from Leuven, 19 miles east of Brussels.
Within a few years, she was assigned soloist roles and appeared in many Balanchine and Robbins works.
— a fire pit and outdoor couches from which to sip the Lodge’s often-ordered Montauk Storm: Gosling’s dark rum, lime juice and fresh ginger.
The documentary reported that 12 doctors and nurses at two hospitals in the eastern city of Namangan were convicted of treating the children with contaminated medical equipment and were sentenced to five to almost nine years in prison.
“Ninety-nine point nine nine percent of a subscriber file, as you can imagine, will not opt to get their money back, but some will,” said Carol Smith, who joined Condé Nast last month from Elle as vice president and publishing director for Bon Appétit.
“She uses words that I don’t use, so I know it isn’t coming from me,” Ms. Etesse said.
Making his way through the chaos in the lead from the beginning to the end was Lewis Hamilton of the McLaren Mercedes team who drove a nearly perfect race, flawed only by a late-race slide off the track during the final downpour.
Over a decade, land prices rose about 500 percent and developers built hundreds of thousands of units — about 800,000 in 2007 alone.
She is scared about the economy and politicians who might want to feed off the fear of people like her, who are enduring hard times.
Mr. Bush signed his original tax cut in June 2001, when the economy had been losing jobs for four months.
Even at that volume — an average of about 104 texts a day — the phone company is extracting $47.62 a megabyte.
Mr. Tiemessen said observers for Mr. Miller have been challenging ballots at a rate of about 7 to 12 percent, depending on the precinct.
Briere and Gagne scored power-play goals, but Philadelphia’s ability to kill penalties was just as important.
Bush, a running back for the Trojans, and his family members received gifts from two off-campus agents, the N.C.A.A.
He is a son of Neda C. Nussbaum and Dr. Alan I. Nussbaum of Charleston, S.C. His father, a rheumatologist, is a partner at Rheumatology Associates in Charleston, where the bridegroom’s mother is the business manager.
Reaching such an agreement on using those funds might prove harder, as governments still are debating how a permanent loan system should work.
A few kilometers beyond an irrigated golf course on the outskirts of Damascus, scores of refugees fleeing drought in Syria’s northeastern breadbasket have settled into tents on a rocky field.
“It’s one thing to have a plan,” he said.
It’s a huge collaboration, and we all need to assemble around us the people who care about us and support us in times of strife.
I played basketball all day, played pool at night and occasionally did some dancing.” Now, when not on the road making movies, Mr. Mikkelsen is a homebody: he and his wife, Hanne Jacobsen, have two children, 18 and 13.
Nadal followed that with a patented full-turn fist pump.
But many, including former Giants players like receiver Phil McConkey, were as struck by the dismantling of the old stadium as they were by the brilliance of the new one.
“What is of the most concern for me is that for the first time in years, this political tension seems to be influencing and affecting the general public,” said Srecko Latal, an analyst on Bosnia and Herzegovina with the International Crisis Group , a nonprofit organization that aims to prevent deadly conflicts.
José Mourinho and Louis van Gaal, the coaches of Inter and Bayern, are two of a kind in terms of telling the world how great they are, and how their teams cannot lose if they follow orders.
He said one glass showed a cadmium level of 670 parts per million and the other of 956 parts per million.
Mr. Paulson had started a strategic economic dialogue with China in part to persuade the country to allow its currency to rise against the dollar.
In the last four seasons, Tim Lincecum (in 2008) is the only pitcher to throw 135 pitches in a game.
I go one weekend a month and two weeks out of the year.
Christmas may have the most volatile dating of all.
China has argued for a gradual rise in the renminbi because it fears that its manufacturers would come under pressure and that huge job losses would ensue, perhaps inciting social unrest.
Four suitcases full of ivory, intercepted by customs at Suvarnabhumi International Airport near Bangkok.
They were offensive to Jewish memory.
The female-female pairs had been incubating eggs together, rearing chicks and just generally passing under everybody’s nose for what you might call “straight” couples.
The most expensive, at $5.3 million, was a 2009 mansion with nearly 12,000 square feet of space on Nod Hill Road, the site of most of Branchville’s teardowns.
For the past decade, Jouin, 43, has been collaborating with the Michelin-starred chef Alain Ducasse on numerous projects, including the PastaPot for Alessi and the chic interiors for Ducasse's restaurants at the Plaza Ath?e in Paris and the Dorchester in London.
A self-taught apiarist, he developed an interest in honeybees as a child, when, observing them hovering over a patch of clover, he tried unsuccessfully to follow them back to their hives.
For example, he said, many corn varieties now include multiple genes to battle insect pests, raising their value.
WITH each loaded “You are so lucky.
He graduated from New York Law School, receiving his JD in 1969.
The sharks hang out 45 feet down, on the sea floor.
Today breaking is such a mainstream part of urban culture that it’s hard to imagine that it wasn’t always there.
Some confrontation forces you to go further.” On that point, Mr. Mugler would agree.
“I think sometimes Knoxville gets confused that life isn’t a cartoon,” Mr. Jonze said.
Today, about three-quarters of the N.H.L.’s 30 teams employ an organist, and Cannarozzi probably plays more than any of the others.
It opens with nine robots that have gathered together to recite a story about a concept they cannot understand: death.
In the courtroom, there were mostly reporters and photographers; there were also four officers, with a fifth posted outside.
A rare joint statement by the prime minister and Nawaz Sharif on Sunday said now was “not the time for blame games.” A similar conference on terrorism by the two main political parties was held in Islamabad two years ago, but those talks petered out and responsibility for tackling terrorism was handed to the army.
Toyota has said it expects sales to reach 800,000 units this year.
The familiar tunes of Rodgers and Hammerstein are “really like comfort food,” said Josh Rabinowitz, an expert in music in advertising, who described them as “comfort songs, uplifting and heartwarming.” “In times like these, you hear a lot of anthemic music, a lot of music that goes for the sweet spot in consumers instead of taking a risk,” said Mr. Rabinowitz, senior vice president and director for music at the Grey Group in New York, part of WPP.
Her goal is to move up to the pro ranks, and she especially wants to work fights at Madison Square Garden.
“Because that makes me think two things: She thinks it’s possible and, because she is as skilled as she is, it increases the likelihood of success.” Among the many hurdles that Mrs. Clinton will face is the often tense relationship that this administration has had with Israel.
And the stigma of divorce has long since faded.
(Since the beginning of 2009, she has raised $52.3 million for Democratic incumbents, candidates and the party’s Congressional campaign committee, second only to President Obama among Democrats.)
Amid reports that new teams would be allowed to miss up to three races, Formula One issued a clarification Feb. 10 stating that all teams were required to make the grid in every race, adding, “Any failure to take part, even for just one championship event, would constitute an infringement.” It is not clear what the penalty would be for missing Bahrain or other races.
Why are journalists and ethics boards so quick to assume that money, particularly corporate money, is the first factor to look at when evaluating someone’s work?
''He's turned down sports to do this.''
Tiffany A. Andrade and Frank S. DiCarlo were married Saturday at St. Christopher’s Roman Catholic Church in Midland Beach, Staten Island.
He spoke afterward of the feeling when playing Federer, who had not failed to make the finals since 2003, on Centre Court at Wimbledon.
Archaeologists have been debating for years whether the fossil record shows evidence of individuals with mixed features.
Commissioner Roger Goodell, and Locker was not at New York’s Radio City Music Hall.
With his team sinking into last place and striding toward irrelevancy, Jeff Wilpon, the Mets ’ chief operating officer, flew here Monday to hold a very public meeting, even if it was behind closed doors.
Republicans had said the panel should be evenly split.
''Artificial intelligence is about digging through big data sets to find meaning,'' said Astro Teller, who later founded a hedge fund management company, which uses AI techniques, and recently joined Google.
Comfortable enough that when he was hired to perform on a recent Alaska-bound cruise, he invited his mother to take the extra stateroom he was offered.
These include hundreds of independent book retailers (statistically weighted to represent all such outlets); national, regional and local chains; online and multimedia entertainment retailers; university, gift, supermarket, discount department stores and newsstands.
Spirit was offering raises, but pilots said the raises were too small considering they would have to fly more to get the extra money, and that the increases were spread over eight years.
But a spokesman for that fund, China Investment Corp., told The Financial Times that the story was preposterous.
The businesses he describes have been some of the American economy’s great global successes: Google, NBC, Paramount Pictures and many others.
The plant’s tendrils now hung from their ceilings like flimsy chandeliers, with bees and flies dancing around the rotting bulbs.
“The next two quarters are critical.” At the end of trading, the Dow Jones industrial average rose 103.69 points, or 0.94 percent, to 11,123.11, its first triple-digit gain this month.
However, he said that the test’s cancellation was unrelated to the latest sanctions against Iran, and he instead cited “problems we’ve had in paying registration fees to the E.T.S., an American organization.” The United Nations Security Council approved a fourth round of sanctions against Iran in June.
The outbreak appears to be spreading through Orthodox Jewish schools for boys, where students may spend as many as 14 hours a day together, often in large study halls and face to face with a study partner, according to the federal report.
CajaSur had a loss of €596 million last year.
And he gives himself over to this complex role, conveying the pitiable anguish of the weak-willed Don José, who is overcome with desire for Carmen yet disgusted with himself for abandoning his responsibilities, both to his regiment and to his forgiving mother back home.
Employers must obtain your permission to check your credit, but turning them down doesn’t bode well for your application, Mr. Maltby said.
WHITE PLAINS Downtown Music, Grace Church “Bach’s Lunch,” featuring Stephen Ballou, cello.
has officially taken over the word.
Mr. Foer, 36, who closed his last issue of the magazine on Tuesday, said, “I steered the magazine through all sorts of transitions, and I was really aching to do my own writing.” He signed a contract two weeks ago with HarperCollins to write a book about liberalism’s roots in the Progressive era.
Anna Jacobson Schwartz, the co-author of a financial history with the monetarist guru Milton Friedman, dismissed Bernanke in 2008 as a bumbler without a plan.
''We remember what happened in the last big crisis -- it was something horrible, and such a threat is always waiting for us,'' said Jerzy Buzek, the former prime minister of Poland and current president of the European Parliament.
In Africa, urban churches record sermons with cellphones, then transmit them to villages to be replayed.
But if that proves politically impossible, as seems likely, the states will have to bear part of the additional burden in what is, after all, a shared national enterprise.
“So the last thing we want midrace is for all the screens to go black,” Mr. Williams said.
Last week, Rolle said his criticism of Coughlin’s style reflected what a number of players felt but hadn’t expressed.
After all, until just a few days ago, commission officials were saying they saw “no intention to target action against the Roma” in France, despite abundant evidence to the contrary.
Not only has his Ferrari improved, but Alonso has taken a more aggressive approach since he had nothing to lose in mid-summer.
Mills, a senior vice president, will be in charge of the hardware and software divisions.
He founded his own ensemble, the Graz Symphony Orchestra, in 1990.
(One says, “I’m afraid of never reaching the goals that I set out for myself in life.”) By the time a Dean Martin song, “The Door Is Still Open to My Heart,” plays at the end of this overlong work, you only wish you had one to slam shut.
But like the debate over torture during the Bush administration, public discussion of what officials call targeted killing has been limited by the secrecy of the C.I.A.
Predator: Requiem.” Elsewhere they’ve scrimped: the actors are from television (Eric Balfour of “Haven,” Scottie Thompson of “Trauma,” Donald Faison of “Scrubs,” David Zayas of “Dexter”), and Joshua Cordes and Liam O’Donnell’s screenplay is strictly from hunger.
Mr. Harkin and Mr. Miller said on Thursday that if the financial aid measure was not tied to health care, it might collapse.
Virtually every new teacher earns it, including in New York City, where all a principal has had to do to give a teacher almost guaranteed lifetime employment is to check a box on a computer program.
It was her shining moment.
John Jay Homestead Historic Site, 400 Jay Street.
And when they can afford it, China’s shoppers also have shown that they are prepared to spend more for authenticity — in other words, a guarantee that they are not getting a fake — and uniqueness: They like to stand out, perhaps with limited-edition or specially commissioned pieces.
It includes a round display that is mounted on the dash, and it will warn drivers if they are following another car too closely, drifting out of a lane or about to hit a pedestrian.
And while Bayern Munich and others wait for Dortmund’s bubble to burst, its lead at the top stretches further than they might be able to catch up to.
Others include the fiction writers David Bezmozgis , Maile Chapman and Wells Tower ; David Sandlin , a graphic novelist; Geoffrey Brock , a poet; David Hinton , an essayist and translator of classical Chinese poetry; Michael Meyer , who is writing a book about a family’s organic rice farm in China; and Matthew Stewart , who is writing a book about the role of deism in the founding of the United States.
20 Georgetown beat Coastal Carolina to open the Charleston Classic in South Carolina.
It's possible, however, that banks will treat some or all of the new principal forgiveness programs in a different way that could harm participants' credit reports.
Unions often complain that it can take two months to hold an election, letting pro-union sentiment dissipate while management campaigns against the union, often in meetings that workers are required to attend — all while companies can bar union organizers from setting foot on their property.
“They can call 311 to find out where they can get registered and where to report,” Mr. Doherty said at that time.
“Speaking to a person at a restaurant to order over the phone is going to be like calling directory assistance these days,” Mr. Goldman said.
But his belief in Rollins was rewarded with a three-run double off the right-field wall that broke the game open in the seventh inning.
Written with Rick Rodgers and richly illustrated, the book meticulously reconstructs more than a hundred of Ms. Levine’s favorite desserts, like chocolate babka and pecan and bourbon tarts, and includes recipes, ingredients, utensil lists and techniques.
They included an application in which a woman wearing a swimsuit appeared to wipe finger marks from the iPhone’s screen with a rag and spray bottle.
Donations in lieu of flowers are welcome at the Glen Cove Boys and Girls Club, 113 Glen Cove Ave., Glen Cove, NY 11542.
Though he and Mr. Seinfeld regularly share breakfast, Mr. Quinn said he tries not to abuse their relationship.
And one nation really stands out.
Last year’s selection of President Obama as the peace laureate was interpreted by many as a thinly veiled rebuke to the politics of former President George W. Bush , and this year’s award has had broad political implications.
Monks and laymen came from all over to learn his spiritual practices based on meditation and study of koans, those seemingly nonsensical problems intended to open minds to the true nature of reality, unfiltered by habits of dualistic, abstract thinking.
Jing Ulrich, head of China equities at J.P. Morgan, said in a report that “we expect China’s strong economic growth momentum to continue in 2010, with the major source of growth coming from a broad-based improvement in private consumption, and further strengthening in private housing investment, and a solid recovery in exports.” Economists see the purchasing managers index as a better measure of future economic activity than gross domestic product because it contains forward-looking information like new orders.
Mr. Burdett, 38, is an assistant financial director at EmblemHealth, a health insurance company in Manhattan.
In his videos, objects of his hipster scorn suffer slings and arrows ranging from verbal assaults to being shot.
(“Has anyone made a baby to that song?” she wondered.)
The deputy district attorney Ricardo Morales ( Alfred Molina ) is as plain and by the book as they come, but even he is camera-savvy.
Finally, the auctions would provide the government with new revenue in an era of huge deficits.
A stream of visitors had packed the trail, so we left snowshoes behind.
The man, Walter Gadsden, with his eyes lowered, has a passive look.
Whether we see more may depend on whether the writers can readjust the balance between humor and heartache.
Instead, Solomon’s tough and relevant questioning crossed over into the snarky and superficial.
There’s no one else you can hate as much as me if you hate money, or you hate success.” Reminders of fame’s dark side are all around him.
Its 29 million prescriptions last year, representing 1.1 percent of the market in the United States, were down 41 percent from the previous year, IMS said.
There was nothing here to offend, or even draw undue attention, in his two works or in “Left There by the Tide,” a treacly New York premiere by the assistant director and dancer Jill Echo, which ruminates on “emotional moments in relationships.” “Flight,” Mr. Ueyama’s premiere, was inspired by the aerial feats of a flock of starlings and featured a handsome series of spare, pointillist photographs by Richard Barnes.
Whatever the formula, Prugh is the first rookie to lead a round at the event since John Senden took the second-round lead in the 2002 tournament, which Phil Mickelson won.
Terry Branstad, a Republican who was governor for 16 years in the 1980s and ’90s, is trying a comeback.
“I’ll say, ‘No, it doesn’t work that way.’ ” “But I need to release myself,” Michele said.
“It’s New York, so I guess I shouldn’t be complaining,” he said.
The Rangers scraped out two runs in the third, capitalizing on a groundout by Elvis Andrus and a slow two-out bouncer by Michael Young that handcuffed Alex Rodriguez.
It estimated that in 90,000 cases, women who receive a diagnosis of D.C.I.S.
The image triggered memories of a past in which Sinatra surprised Mia Farrow with divorce papers while she was starring in “Rosemary’s Baby” for Mr. Evans, then a Paramount executive.
And they pull off the deft trick of registering as big as we want them to be without making the play in which they appear seem even smaller than it is.
“It’s one piece of a larger picture,” said Janet Wilde Astington, a professor of psychology at the University of Toronto who has published widely on children’s speech, but was not involved in this study.
“In Metro, we are open to all ideas.” Some of its changes seem simple but are revolutionary by Indian standards.
(BlackBook ran the note, but pointed out that the article he had been commenting on was about a celebration of Lennon’s birth, not his death.)
The article includes “bread making” as an area for improvement.
She has been acting since her mother signed her up for a children’s theater course in New Jersey.
Options for Lovers of Red Meat, Whether Children Are Eating or Not CASA LEVER 390 Park Avenue, at 53rd Street; (212) 888-2700, casalever.com .
But the testimony was sealed for possible use if Mr. Gunson, who was gravely ill, would not be available.
“I have a lot of determination and will.
Mr. Aseged hopes one day to open his own restaurant, but he is in no hurry.
A spokesman for the Bronx district attorney’s office said prosecutors were deciding whether to appeal the decision.
“I like the idea of movies having a magic element,” he said.
Her father owned a real estate development company there.
He chose Feliciano, who retired Fielder, the only batter he faced, on a grounder before giving way to Igarashi.
“There was Mama and seven kids with no place to go,” Tasha Ricks said.
There is, for instance, a list of items she always has in the pantry in case of unexpected guests (Duncan Hines double-fudge brownie mix — yes).
Just as Frank Perdue used to proudly back his chickens, the proposed legislation requires the chief donors in corporate, union and shell organization ads to stand by their message before the cameras.
Ruth would recognize what became of St. Mary’s Industrial School for Boys, although the stone wall that gave it the look of a grim fortress no longer surrounds it and home plate is just about where center field once was.
The focus on shot selection never left Marquette, whose players often pump-faked and moved the ball trying to find a better look at the basket.
My attempts at lucid exegesis are probably pointless, since the show is obviously meant to defeat or deny the strictures of linear storytelling.
” Eventually, as Rose notes, most presidents find that they have “stumbled across the finish line without a clear sense of what would come next or how to advance American interests amid all the chaos.” And they all wind up asking a version of Gen. David H. Petraeus’s famous question about Iraq (which applies equally well to his new assignment, Afghanistan).
"RIM maintains a consistent global standard for lawful access requirements that does not include special deals for specific countries," the company said in a statement issued Thursday.
Of course, there is foie gras, a thick slice of terrine paired with country toast, with quince marmalade and nutty Concord grapes: perfectly acceptable.
Inside their gym, they have a code of conduct on the wall.
Little has been done to create the ring in Times Square, although the area is already dotted with 82 law enforcement cameras and many more in private businesses.
He blew past several surprising answers without follow-up and ambled on to the next canned question.
Still, little change has occurred in the most senior ranks.
“At 17, he presented a planetary sphere to the Academy of Sciences of Besançon, to high commendations.” At 33, Mr. Janvier left his native Jura region to settle in Paris, having already sold a pair of mechanized spheres to the King Louis XVI, and armed with a book filled with court orders for precision clocks.
“They can’t arbitrarily make a more onerous application for someone they want to eliminate,” Ms. Ford said.
The Irish led by 7-0 in the second quarter and appeared poised to take control after intercepting Cousins in the end zone, but Floyd fumbled after a catch, giving the Spartans the ball at their own 11.
“The idea was, we’ll take anybody, and I mean anybody,” he said.
The campaign in support of the proposition has blanketed the state with advertisements against “puppy mills,” the label critics prefer, featuring grainy video images of law enforcement raids on breeding facilities where frail and listless dogs live cramped in wire cages piled with excrement.
Those killed in the blast were all said to be in their early 20s, heightening speculation that they were would-be suicide bombers.
A Detour I recently lost a close family member, and it’s been hard.
To suit German demands, the accord says that loans to Greece would “not contain any subsidy element” and would be activated only after a rigorous assessment that all other borrowing options had been exhausted.
Finally, it would be unfamilial to ignore this year’s many worthy new books from contributors to The Times’s food pages: “In the Kitchen With a Good Appetite” by Melissa Clark (Hyperion, $27.50); “Keys to Good Cooking” by Harold McGee (Penguin Press, $35); “Quiches, Kugels and Couscous: My Search for Jewish Cooking in France” by Joan Nathan (Knopf, $39.95), and “The Food Matters Cookbook” by Mark Bittman (Simon & Schuster, $35).
I wanted to go into health care.” As for her humble new job, she said, “I absolutely love it.
The title became an American idiom, a reference to the American traveler abroad who is oblivious to or disdainful of foreign cultures, though the title character, Homer Atkins, is actually an exception; he lives among villagers, comes to understand their problems and actually solves a few.
President.”) Mr. Obama surveyed the spread on Mr. Axelrod’s desk with a slight smirk.
Mr. Anthony said that the service hand-selected the songs added to the service, picking only the ones it thought would work well for film.
Clearly they saw no distinction between sacred art and museum art.
; A camouflage anorak, flannel shorts and knee socks from Rag & Bone add up to a sporty ride.
Swarbrick, however, said he had not been engaged in any discussions with the Big Ten.
The involvement of Mr. Wang, China’s top economic policy maker, could be significant, because in China, difficult changes are sometimes made only when a senior official publicly takes responsibility for them.
In one, they must fix the terms of a long-term agreement regarding treatment of spent fuel.
These are the quotes: ¶“Fasten your seat belts.
For the first time, it would set a price on carbon emissions that are now dumped without penalty into the atmosphere.
Both companies were spared the worst effects of the recession because they did not lend money, insulating them from record defaults last year.
If the population peaks around 2050 and the world's economies shift toward information technology and service industries, the panel projects that by 2100 the average global tem- perature will likely rise between 1.1 and 2.9 degrees C. If, on the other hand, the world continues to rely on fossil fuels for its economic growth, the panel projects a likely rise of 2.4 to 6.4 degrees.
PHOTOS (PHOTOGRAPH BY MELISSA COOPER)
“Keep that garden hose ready.
David A. Paterson sought to do last year after unions refused to postpone scheduled raises.
Erika N. Ebbel and Colin M. Angle were married Friday in Kailua, Hawaii.
And they failed to identify any one of the 10 alternative names for the choking game, startlingly benign monikers like Rush, Space Monkey, Purple Dragon and Funky Chicken.
In people who become blind as adults, Sacks notes, the part of the brain that once processed visual information does not atrophy, but is reallocated for another use.
In a letter to donors after the documentary was shown, the Owenses said they were not involved in the events.
“It’s not that you can’t ever restrain somebody.
Analysts viewed the hiring as a positive for Oracle as it looks to expand.
In two weeks, Californians will decide whether to legalize small amounts of marijuana for recreational use, in a vote that polls show could be close.
When he tried to leave the terminal on Friday, the crowd pressed in so close to the doors that he turned around.
“Every morning we hit the door at 6:30, fanning out across the city like soldiers armed with books, T-squares, musical instruments,” James McBride wrote.
When reports first circulated on Twitter of a deadly attack by Israeli commandos on the Gaza flotilla, I didn’t forward them because they seemed implausible.
Obviously, you need to speak up.
When I landed, I had a message from my brother saying the car was at an impound lot, right near Dollar Rent A Car.
Black hammered-iron halogen torchieres now brighten the living room while some swing-arm lamps were installed in the bathrooms because those lights “were antiquated and less than complimentary to people doing their makeup, for example.” A house of such age and in a seaside location also presents certain maintenance challenges.
Between the winding of this great clock and the striking of its gigantic chimes, McEwan’s novel of Decline and Fall becomes a case study in Decline and Stall, lapsing into a display of his finesse as a spinner of silken sentences and composer of sonatalike paragraphs.
Continuum Health Partners , which operates St. Luke’s Roosevelt and Beth Israel hospitals in Manhattan, among others, is the only potential partner to have stepped forward.
Mr. Palin started to pull away, then he stopped and leaned toward the window.
“You need this permit, that permit — they don’t let you live.” Rocco Damato, who owns Bazzini , one of the largest import and wholesale nut operations in the city, blamed the decline on rising real estate costs, migration to the suburbs — where nuts can be sold from inexpensive mall kiosks — and competition from supermarkets and drugstores, which carry a wide array of high-quality snacks.
Arlene Sloan is not sure which of her twin sons, Brett or Michael, helped sell some sports-themed wallpaper to a startled customer at her interior design shop.
There are worse problems, though: the coincidences linking the narratives feel contrived, and the supposed resolutions are vacuous.
“He’d joke that he was the one who tried to run for president and failed.” A former trial lawyer, Mr. Edwards, 56, was a North Carolina senator turned vice-presidential candidate in 2004, and appeared to be a promising fresh face in the Democratic Party.
“Some of this is cultural,” said Mark Ridley-Thomas, a Los Angeles County supervisor whose sprawling district includes the Expo Line.
But it has not been an easy decision.
Under this permissive clan’s slapdash care, the girls become lost in a treacherous coastal fog, and Heather’s battered body turns up on a cliff ledge near the crumbling remains of an old mine shaft.
But the reality is likely to be far different.
We must unite,” Mr. Porchette said in praising the team going off to Haiti.
When her call to “take Harry Reid out” broke the titillation meter, Ms.
First, Ségolène Royal, the charismatic, but emotive, highly unpredictable and polarizing Socialist candidate Mr. Sarkozy defeated for the presidency in 2007, effectively announced that she wanted to be considered for the party nomination scheduled to emerge from a primary in the autumn of 2011.
He said that many of the living rooms faced Watts Street while the bathrooms overlook Canal.
Bay told Manuel that he could play and wanted to play.
The angst and psychological machinations arrive in the form of “Luther,” a six-part series beginning on BBC America on Sunday.
About 1,200 miles Off Off Off Broadway on Wednesday night, Derek Jeter polished his acting chops, convincing an umpiring crew that a pitched ball struck his left arm when, as he later acknowledged with a smile, it did no such thing.
It’s the standby for the well-to-do and the aspiration of the up-and-comer.
A security and surveillance team had secreted the bugs there at her request, but without her knowing their locations; now the devices were recording her hunt in the otherwise silent room, in preparation for a fast-approaching show.
“There has to be a way for a kid to find out what his value is, and get advice from an adviser, and not lose his eligibility,” said University of Minnesota Coach John Anderson, a member of the N.C.A.A.
“Every fact in that statement is true,” he said.
“We probably generally agree on 90 percent,” said the agriculture committee’s ranking minority member, Saxby (“I golf , therefore I am”) Chambliss.
An earlier survey of dog origins, based on a small genetic element known as mitochondrial DNA, concluded that dogs had been domesticated, probably just once, in East Asia.
I wasn’t saying, ‘I’m the great Ozzie Guillen.’ I was saying I’ve already been through just about everything a manager can go through.” So does he have 20 years in him?
KINGS 103, PISTONS 97 Kevin Martin scored 26 points, Beno Udrih added 22 and Sacramento won back-to-back road games after winning just 3 of its first 25 away from home.
“This was Hawkeye weather,” Iowa Coach Kirk Ferentz said.
And herbal infusions are a foundation of his practice.
After the Super Bowl championship, he performed his poem “Our Time” at a team ceremony and published it in a book filled with pictures of the players.
You have to create the infrastructure to feed the building.
The documents, which refer to the autopsy report and interviews with witnesses, highlight these issues: ¶Signs of physical abuse.
Amid the dancing and fireworks, there were reminders of the more turbulent past.
The pianist was Jason Moran, another Houstonian, for whom the past converges with the present: he sometimes likes to find an unobtrusive sequence inside an old standard and turn it into fresh headlines.
Having associated Ms. Kowroski and Mr. Harvey in our minds with the fate/death aspect of “Carmen” in the Act I Prelude, Mr. Eyre and Mr. Wheeldon bring them back to dance another pas de deux in the idyllic Prelude to Act III.
Though the city has always had to deal with a number of public housing tenants who are chronically late with their rent, housing officials are now confronting a significant rise in longtime tenants who never before missed a payment but are falling behind, in many cases because they have lost their jobs.
Mazzulla ended up with a ripped shirt, which he had to replace, took a blow to the head and injured his ankle.
After all, “Sunrise” was the biggest hit from her second album, “Feels Like Home,” from 2004, a time when this singer was all sunshine and easy cooing.
It only becomes more difficult when a device is remotely operated.
It soon became clear that Erskine Bowles , the Democratic co-chairman, had a very Republican-sounding small-government agenda.
Some of the measures we took to protect ourselves against extremists have been pretty effective.
And professional firms continued to add temporary workers, 21,000 last month.
basketball and soccer teams by the second grade.
And his nickname, thanks to his low-post moves, was the Spin Doctor.
Beaches and boating are popular on Peconic Bay and the Mattituck Inlet.
His father is the owner of Royal Medal Industries, a steel distributor in Olathe, Kan.
“They’re skeptical of it becoming a final offer,” said Alasdair Jeffrey, a spokesman for Macarthur.
It might seem absolutely insane — traipsing through a jungle at night with a guide who just stumbled out of happy hour.
Barry E. Snyder Sr., president of the Seneca Nation, said the order “sets the stage for an orderly and thoughtful legal review of what we believe is an illegal, ill-conceived attempt by New York State to use the Seneca Nation and other Indian nations located within its boundaries as piggy banks to balance the state budget.” Jessica Bassett, a spokeswoman for Mr. Paterson, said, however, that the state was standing on solid legal ground and that it would ultimately prevail.
Ms. Domscheit-Berg, who is also active in the European Women’s Management Development International Network, has three bits of advice for well-paid women: Leave the snazzy company car at home on the first date; find your life partner in your 20s, rather than your 30s, before you’ve become too successful.
1 in next Sunday’s B.C.S.
Then, as the cold continued, they started to move as many fish indoors as they could.
In the 1880s, Ottmar Mergenthaler invented the Linotype machine.
But salt and dozens of compounds containing sodium — the element in salt linked to hypertension — have become omnipresent in processed foods from one end of the grocery store to the other.
The U.S.-based fashion brand Kate Spade has been part of the Liz Claiborne empire since 2006.
Boys are almost twice as likely as girls to repeat a grade.
The tour will begin on Sept. 6 and include stops in New York, Washington, Miami, Dallas, Houston and stadiums in other cities that are part of the United States bid proposal.
(On a more measured take, coming out in September on CD and 12-inch vinyl from Merge, the guest singer is Nika Roza Danilova, the goth-pop singer who records as Zola Jesus.)
To help students set down roots near campuses, the plan recommends creating partnerships between colleges and cultural institutions that would provide free or discounted admission for students and faculty.
Today, credit unions often (but not always) offer lower interest rates on credit cards and better deals on auto and other loans than most banks, though online banks often (but not always) offer checking accounts that earn more interest and charge fewer fees than many credit unions do.
She said I loved it.
City Ballet is heading into a real crisis of male dancing.
It helps Mr. Parnell that boom-and-bust Alaska is in remarkably strong shape because of surging oil prices.
We’re electing a person with specific views on specific issues.” Mr. Grayson, 52, has tried to define himself here in this swing district that includes Disney World as a freshman congressman who has delivered federal dollars, and a populist hero with the guts to punch back at Republicans.
“It’s a great user experience, and it’ll help offload data from our network,” Mr. Christopher said.
Jim Kempner Fine Art, 501 West 23rd Street, Chelsea , (212) 206-6872, artnet.com/jkfa.html .
Poll, proprietor of the Central Park Boathouse.
“Young guys do need some guidance, but Sandy has the credibility and the maturity to set forth a plan for the entire organization,” Phillips said.
If it turns out that mortgages were bundled together and sold improperly, more holders could sue the banks and force them to buy back tens of billions in mortgage-backed securities.
My God, we had fun.” In a 1972 article The New York Times estimated that Mr. Barris’s business was making a million dollars a year.
Mayor Michael R. Bloomberg ’s $63 billion budget for fiscal year 2011, which starts July 1, calls for a 31 percent reduction in financing for arts groups and a 25 percent cut for libraries — steeper than any such measures he has proposed at this stage of the budget cycle in the last eight years.
We were probably in a little rougher shape, but it's the same program Coach got at Washington.''
For the United States, the chief issue from the past continues to be a full accounting for military service members still missing from the war, though that concern no longer carries the power that it once did.
“It is amazing that 60 or 70 years later that symbol has not lost any of its potency.”
I go to have a coffee at Sant Ambroeus .
The notorious Tryon facility, which was the subject of a scathing Justice Department report last year, has 15 youths being watched by 130 staff members.
Then there’s the priceless vantage onto this street of secrets, where properties — like the Elsie de Wolfe minimansion at No.
If you have a back porch and it’s a perfect spring evening, serve your meal there.” Sounds like a recipe for happiness.
(Her mother, a fire department employee, receives generous medical coverage.)
“For 50 years I thought I was the only person in the entire world that had been abused by a Catholic priest,” said Sue Cox, 63, from Warwickshire, England.
Dear friend, I shall miss you and love you.
Or I could easily hide in the mob if I wanted to hear but not be seen.
He shows up early to pull on his tool belt, ready to sweat and grateful for the chance.
(“Nothing against marijuana, but fine wine is my drug of choice,” Sand said.)
His father died in one of Australia’s earliest air disasters, in 1934.
The Israeli government, deeply worried about the country’s declining international image , began a campaign on Wednesday to turn every Israeli — and ultimately every Jew — into a traveling public relations agent.
She will inaugurate a White House dance series on Tuesday, travel to New Orleans on Wednesday to start the second phase of Let’s Move!
The official, Interior Minister Brice Hortefeux, told reporters that at least one had spent time in Afghanistan, and that the other four were planning to travel to Pakistan.
Mr. McBride created the Sully and poured it into a martini glass.
To the Editor: In “ Blaming China Won’t Help the Economy ” (Op-Ed, Sept. 27), Anatole Kaletsky argues that we’ve entered a period with new rules for global capitalism, where state intervention in the economy, on the model of China’s currency manipulation, is de rigueur.
The thoughts and works of Ms. Cunningham were even more decorated.
RYE HOUSE 11 West 17th Street, near Union Square, Chelsea; (212) 255-7260, ryehousenyc.com VANDERBILT 570 Vanderbilt Avenue, at Bergen Street, Prospect Heights, Brooklyn; (718) 623-0570, thevanderbiltnyc.com .
She said the study was the first to look into the links between killing and the mental health problems of Iraq veterans.
Will Mr. Millepied ever show the daring and specificity of Alexei Ratmansky in “Namouna,” created for City Ballet in the spring and shown again this season?
POUGHKEEPSIE Bardavon Opera House ''Serkin's Serenade,'' presented by the Hudson Valley Philharmonic.
“This is an ill-advised cost containment strategy,” said the paper’s lead author, Dr. Amal N. Trivedi, an assistant professor of community health at Brown University.
But the group warned that the growth could slow.
Yet as the mainland’s own exchanges get bigger, Hong Kong can’t count on winning prize listings forever.
''When he would talk about the failings of his marriages, his relationships or having kids, he always made the joke about his inability to ever win at the end.''
Economists have seen this type of structural change, which happens over the long term but is accelerated by a downturn, many times before.
Let’s wait and watch, let’s give her time.
Scotland Yard said it had arrested Mr. Majid on suspicion of fraud before interviewing the cricketers.
Administration officials and Congressional Democrats have expressed hopes that the meeting will help generate support for a plan to attach health care legislation to a budget bill, which would prevent a Republican filibuster in the Senate.
The bombing, in the eastern town of Balad Ruz in Diyala Province, highlighted fears that insurgents were exploiting the political deadlock to start new rounds of bloodletting and further undermine faith in the government.
A wondrous strange restaurant in the West Village that specializes in raw offal and Korean-style Japanese barbecue, it offers marvelous, exciting dishes that are best consumed with cold sake and an open mind.
I am, sadly, less hopeful than Ms. Warner that health care reform will help rectify things.
While my nonprofit orientation covered how to create a syllabus and relate to students, the for-profit session addressed the importance of creating paper trails on attendance, should a student need to be flunked, and a video on how to avoid getting sued.
Saving Mr. Shyamalan’s reputation could be trickier.
When they applied for a third loan, however, Sallie Mae rejected the application, citing Cathryn’s credit history.
This is Transylvania by way of Graceland.
Majorska Vodka, which is based in New Jersey, said the Jets’ one-game ban on alcohol could cost the company more than $100,000 in revenue.
But not all the news from JPMorgan Chase was good.
Unlike American anorexics, most of his patients did not intentionally diet nor did they express a fear of becoming fat.
Also: Who knew (beyond those on the water) that the Sandy Hook pilots, the men who help guide freighters, tankers and cruise ships through the harbor, board vessels they are working on only while dressed in coats and ties?
But, she said: "I’d be a fool to turn down business like that in the North Shore, which is what everybody keeps telling me.
Barack Obama, after all, is said to owe his electoral victory in part to a shrewd use of Facebook.
Thus, where the rule proves effective, the potential for major conflict on the board is palpable.
His campaign scheduled a round of interviews on national television.
Jay Felts, senior vice president for retail sales and logistics at the Comag Marketing Group, New York, was named president.
The conviction with which he writes is, at the risk of blowing his jacket, uplifting.
“He still has a long way to go,” said Byron Scott, the Cavaliers’ new coach.
But, alas for BP, it was not to be, at least not once Mr. Hayward moved from his prepared statement to the “What, me?” evasions that angered his Congressional inquisitors.
The bride, 27, is keeping her name.
On Monday, the court also acquitted two Indians whom the police had accused of aiding the terrorists by supplying them with a map of Mumbai.
“You can delay your first pregnancy ,” Dr. Khade said.
Someday, I’ll edit these things down into 10-minute highlight reels — but already, the payoff has been enormous.
To prevent royalists from discovering the graves and making martyrs of the family, the guards first discarded the mutilated bodies in a mine shaft, then moved them to a ravine off a main road.
H. Fenster, 47, drives the farthest, about 35 minutes from Hillsborough.
Until Wednesday, that is, when Rodriguez finally hit his 600th home run .
Jeff Fleming, the director of the Des Moines Art Center, played a central role in grouping the sculptures into “rooms” flanked by an undulating landscape of berms, trees, walkways and grass that was paid for by the city and private donors.
The New Canaan Historical Society, 13 Oenoke Ridge.
Shareholders are set to vote on the deal at 11 a.m. Eastern time.
“It’s strange sometimes to have a teenager around during a show without teenagers, but Will is an incredibly nice kid,” Mr. Wilson said, after popping his head into the dressing room to jokingly offer Ms. Maxwell a massage.