He spit on the ground and left.
Over all, the Clippers shot 37 percent (34 of 91) from the floor.
It did not achieve the crack efficiency in ensemble and tuning of the finest American and international orchestras; indeed, it did not seem to strive for it.
Hyperbole is to Hungarians what understatement is to New Englanders.
Saudi Arabia accounts for about a third of the total.
His father is the owner of Picchione Farms, a food and dairy store in Wilton.
The Bruins blame Samuelsson for the thigh injury, which, along with a subsequent complication involving his knee, caused Neely to miss most of the season.
Before being named to lead the Borough of Manhattan Community College, Dr. Kappner served for two years as university dean for academic affairs with oversight in the areas of continuing and adult education and freshman skills assessment.
They would, at least, have longer to make the transition.
'Disinfectant' Software The virus may have first appeared in a Stanford University public computer archive and spread from there through computer users who loaded the games into their own computers.
(She'll accept original photographs or photocopies of them.)
And I was surprised at the sweet tenderness of the tiny octopus-faced monsters, surprised at the elation that comes from nibbling away at some little fear.
* American Express Bank Ltd., New York, named Robert V. Sicina chief financial officer and managing director.
The jurors are then to rate the candidates, giving explanations for their verdicts.
Once Syracuse started its goal-making streak, Seaman said, "we couldn't do anything about it."
C1 Music: The Boston Symphony.
His 819 overdrafts at the House bank were a nagging, but secondary, issue in the southwest Georgia district, where black leaders sought to rally black voters behind Mr. Bishop.
Having avoided inflated prices and overbuilding they are attractive alternatives to crowded and higher-priced cities."
He takes too much pleasure in playing mind games, moving left, moving right, dropping a shoulder, twisting a hip.
All is silent as the two men exit down the adjoining hallway until one is heard speaking.
A senior Bush Administration Asia policymaker argued, however, that this behavior was the result of a "world-class power struggle" now under way in Beijing in advance of the 14th Communist Party Congress, which will take place at the end of the year.
In the document itself, the Administration revised its growth forecast for this year to 2.7 percent, up from 2.2 percent in January, right after the fourth quarter when growth had virtually stopped.
Also included is an after-tax gain of $ 46 million relating to the sale of a number of its businesses.
The commission has recently completed its study and is set to make its final recommendations to the Congress.
Lucy's particular quirk is absorbing everything she can about Mr. and Mrs. Harry Houdini, and imitating the former with an arrangement of noose, leg irons and handcuffs that she keeps at home.
"Raghib's success has helped me be the person I am today," he said.
In effect, the program teaches each student how to learn.
Wrote for Radio and Films British critics often described Ms. Carter's writing style as "magic realism," but she believed the label was not quite accurate.
Case of Protesting Professor Mr. Clark had put together an appointments committee that included members of both warring groups, and earlier this year the committee came up with a compromise slate of four candidates acceptable to both sides.
Pamela Cole, the daughter of Mr. and Mrs. Elliot H. Cole of Washington, was married last evening to Matthew Scott Wolins, a son of Dr. and Mrs. Donald M. Wolins of Peekskill, N.Y.
Mrs. Wesley is "of course" working on another novel (but has no plans for an autobiography).
Trailing by 24-0 in the third quarter, the Broncos, using the quarterback tandem of Tommy Maddox and Shawn Moore, cut the margin to 24-17 late in the fourth quarter.
Miss Kim was one of about 20 dancers performing the Farmer's Dance, a loud spectacle of red and white banners and thundering drums.
The shooters stand in cubicles and fire at paper targets hung from wires running down the range on clothesline pulleys.
There is still a good deal of pride in what Charlotte has accomplished.
Dr. Phillips, who has done management consulting work with high schools in Norwich, Waterford, Windham and Manchester, said that over the next couple of weeks he would be working with students and staff to establish a program for the 1992-93 school year to reduce racial tensions.
& A., The New York Times, 229 West 43d Street, New York, N.Y. 10036.
(AP) Red Wings 4, Maple Leafs 4: Tim Cheveldae held off Toronto's power play over the final 2:37 of overtime as the Detroit Red Wings and Maple Leafs played to a tie in Detroit.
"It feels like a death," Mr. LaFlamme said as he fought back tears at a news conference in Hartford.
Some Dutch Jews did obtain refuge with their non-Jewish neighbors, particularly toward the end of the war.
"We always had the woman go through with the abortion, because her not having it seemed such an easy out.
Local Cubans fought the action in the courts and, when a local judge ruled in favor of developers, headed off the project with a lobbying effort that won the support of the Governor and State Legislature.
Mrs. Carter had another woman in her personal office -- she was her confidential secretary.
I heard Enberg say, 'What a gentleman he is.'
I was very positive it was a MIG-25."
Analyses of audience demographics can be interpreted either way, but just for the sake of argument, let's assume it's true.
"My life flashed ahead," she said in a telephone interview last week.
Said Field: "I was saying to myself, 'Idiot!'
Delegates attending a national conference to rewrite Zaire's Constitution nominated President Mobutu Sese Seko's chief rival today as Prime Minister, prompting thousands of people to take to the streets to celebrate.
In fact, Mr. Macal rose well to some of the culminating drama.
But they maintain that virtually all the resources for restructuring and rebuilding the Russian economy should come from private foreign investors and from scaling back the former Soviet military.
This group can be cracked, with good works, good manners, designer clothes, the right amount of deference to those who have already made it and very big money.
In their huge open-pit copper mines, in Cuajone and Toquepala, some 150 miles north of here, the company plans two secondary recovery operations, costing up to $80 million, using a leaching process that extracts copper from rock that is often wasted in traditional mining.
" Town leaders say they have no intention of discriminating against blacks but question how best to keep order.
From the hospital, he directs his young mistress, the sexy, "sweet and beautiful" Evangeline, to summon his seven estranged children for what he hopes will be a family reconciliation.
She was an author and lecturer on professional ethics, a past chairman of the Pennsylvania Humanities Council and a member of the National Architectural Accrediting Board.
It primarily serves the Williamsburg, Bushwick and Bedford-Stuyvesant sections.
He's the nation's leading rebounder with 14.2 a game, and averages 24.5 points and 4.7 blocks per game.
Congressional Republicans talked the Administration out of a veto of a plan to provide student loans without using banks as intermediaries because voting against college grants and loans is perhaps even less popular in an election year than voting against the unemployed.
"But sometimes when I'm out there, I wonder if I'm really helping or hurting the team by being out there."
There are 75 sets of china available.
Is it a shady, quiet place suited for ferns and astilbes and woodland natives?
The revenue left over went to the partnership investors, who had been promised annual returns as high as 15 percent.
As it has turned out, instead of an aging, feuding, decomposing team living off its past, the Bulls have been confronted with a younger, hungrier, more harmonious outfit aggressively trying to build a future.
"He's read all the Clancy books."
Behind the wheel of the car, she said, "Where's he staying, anyway?"
The charity is one of seven receiving money raised by The New York Times Neediest Cases Fund, which is in the midst of its 80th appeal.
At Nissan, Mr. Hirshberg shed many traditional rules about designing cars that he had learned at the General Motors Corporation.
Haitians are poor, black and perceived as an economic threat by some residents of Florida, their most likely destination.
Poles were not allowed to enter several areas of the town that were controlled by the the former Soviet Army, Mr. Mozejko said.
The Venezuelan national phone company, owned in part by a consortium led by GTE, plans to spend more than $4 billion over the next eight years to improve the country's phone service.
Aides said Mr. Clinton was close to selecting a black Agriculture Secretary as well.
President Bush relaxed at his retreat at Camp David, Md., today, while some of his top lieutenants were busy fending off questions about whether Secretary of State James A. Baker 3d would be needed to help run the White House and the President's re-election campaign.
To many pundits they're political suicide.
Asked if he would like to return to New York, Wilkins said: "No question.
Explored trades for Olajuwon all summer and could still pull the trigger, if salary cap obstacles can be overcome.
Illicit cash, drugs and blood all leave a trail across their immaculately carpeted floors.
The move could greatly enhance Israeli-American military cooperation and Israel's advantage over its Arab neighbors, the officials said.
In contrast to the mansions of wealthy landowners so often deemed historic, vernacular houses like Mrs. Svarc's were footholds on the prairie, straightforward and solid with few stylistic pretensions.
During that time Dr. Spaet served a term as president of the Society for the Study of Blood.
"Has it meshed as I would have liked?"
'Take Up a Collection' The $5.12 million annual average of Larkin's contract places him behind Bobby Bonilla's $5.8 million, Jack Morris's $5,425,000, Roger Clemens's $5,380,250 and Dwight Gooden's $5.15 million.
Lindy's dad lets stick-fella in amid a swirl of dust and coughing, and the family sees that he's a young boy.
A single donor can sponsor a $50,000 table.
(Each rating point represents 921,000 homes.)
It lays on your brain heavy, like fried eggs and no Teflon coating.
And more changes aimed at saving natural resources are on the way from the hotel industry.
*3*** COMPANY REPORTS ** View Full Article in Timesmachine »
Hollywood, of course, is fascinated by such charges and rebuttals.
When she becomes the owner of a hotel, a woman finds herself haunted by past heartaches.
Of the 20 families in the study where a parent had died, the children went to live with their grandmothers in nine instances, with aunts in seven, and with fathers and uncles in two each.
He later played with the Detroit Tigers and the New York Yankees before finishing his career with the Philadelphia Athletics in 1946.
In a sense, Mr. Landers does everything except produce a viable art object.
He immediately made a steal, scored on a breakaway dunk, then scored again on a 15-foot jumper from the key.
Lothar de Maiziere, East Germany's last Prime Minister, gave him the red and white striped crossing gates, and American Army commanders, before pulling out of Berlin, bequeathed the large, stark, black and white sign that reads in Russian, French and German, under the English: "You Are Leaving the American Sector."
So far, they aren't encouraged by the data on loans and disaster assistance.
Mrs. Cage, an older woman who has been watching in horror, picks up the thief's discarded gun and fires a bullet directly between Mrs. Dean's eyes.
"You give a little finger, and they want the whole hand," said a senior city official who insisted on anonymity.
Detroit's share of total sales -- cars, trucks, vans and buses -- rose to 89 percent from 88.4 percent last year.
According to the plan, far more Democrats than Republicans would suffer -- Democrats hold almost a 100-vote edge in the House -- and the Republicans could then end more than three decades of Democratic rule over the House.
In addition to the hotel telephone numbers, there is a central reservations number, (407) 934-7639.
They got him and enjoyed him, although the Giants' comeback fell short.
The consolidation should allow Federated to manage inventory more efficiently, analyze sales and speed up the restocking of stores.
The MCI Communications Corporation said today that Bert C. Roberts Jr., its chief executive, had been elected chairman, succeeding the late William G. McGowan.
"I will fight to reduce spending," insists candidate Bush, but not since the Kennedy years has domestic spending risen so fast.
"We have no morally discriminating policies in this company," he said.
Recently, Judge Yaskin recalled, she overheard a man at the nursery say he was grateful he was not her husband.
MiniMuffs are made from foam of two densities, to provide greater noise insulation; each is hinged at the lower back to accommodate different head shapes.
Charles A. Bradford, a steel analyst with UBS Securities, said he expected foreign steel producers to intensify their shipments to the United States in anticipation of the Government's imposing penalties at a later time.
4 20 LIVE AND LEARN AND PASS IT ON, by H. Jackson Brown Jr. (Rutledge Hill, $5.95.)
The effect is sort of pleasant for a while, like being in a weightless state.
She added that Japan, in addition to trading with Vietnam, is preparing to resume direct foreign aid in contravention of American wishes.
Two students were looking at them, and one, Satoru Sayama, a law student, said he had a "nice feeling" about American cars because they appear in American movies.
Witness how an ingenious use of musical chairs, as Peron defeats his competition, is magnified into a thematic design for Tommy Tune's musical, which expands upon another of Mr.
In 1945 he won a fellowship to the Massachusetts Institute of Technology and was later appointed to the V.A.
This is no routine revival, but a genuine attempt at resurrecting a beleaguered show.
Arthrine Campbell, 27, a biology major, said she saw the two students arguing with three police officers.
Voice-mail systems today vary in price from $12,000 for small systems to more than $1 million for the top of the line.
MUSIC Wayne Peterson "The Face of the Night, The Heart of the Dark" Wayne Peterson, a 64-year-old composer and pianist, lives in San Francisco, but is currently a visiting professor of composition at Indiana University in Bloomington.
I agree with the Court that a state does not satisfy its obligation to dismantle a dual system of higher education merely by adopting race-neutral policies for the future administration of that system.
Among the Democrats trampled by Gov.
The findings point to widespread trouble in avoiding problem foods when eating away from home and in obtaining prompt emergency medical assistance, especially for children in school.
Four months ago, Mr. Quayle addressed the Economic Club in Manhattan, where he bashed the city's bureaucracy and laid the groundwork for his critique of New York as the welfare state incarnate.
I wondered if he would remember how he felt this last terrible week, or whether he would just be another brown-eyed child.
"With the breakup of the Soviet Union and Yugoslavia, and the new countries in Africa, we had 20 new pieces of geography to add to the map in about a year."
The handle on the domed lid is shaped like a garlic bulb.
No other minority is treated as badly as the disabled.
It's also a rotten night for the Roman cabdriver, played by the irrepressible Robert Benigni, who was one of the stars of "Down by Law."
Cornel West aptly describes black anti-Semitism as "the bitter fruit of a profound self-destructive impulse, nurtured on the vines of hopelessness and concealed by empty gestures of black unity."
"Our whole purpose was to get preference for our residents using county land and county money," said the Harrison Supervisor, Charles G. Balancia, a condition the proposal guarantees.
The Cougars entered the game boasting the nation's best team offense, but U.C.L.A.
But the rewards of this greater responsibility are not be overstated.
Visions of a Great Parade Ladies and gentlemen, a year ago in this great city led by our great mayor -- Mayor Dinkins -- we had a great parade in New York City to celebrate the return of our armed forces from the Persian Gulf.
Mr. Burke, because he is a Prudential director, did not vote on that one, he said.
Mr. Bush's team has become painfully aware of the clock.
Born in 1934 to a father born in Germany and a German-Jewish mother, he said that "I have long suffered in Russia because I have not one drop of Russian blood."
This game disclosed one glaring difference between Fischer now and Fischer when he won the world championship in 1972: then he had a marvelous touch for using this kind of formation dynamically; now he falls into passivity.
Sprinkle the rosemary leaves on top.
Julie takes off her glasses for a date with Louison and accidentally serves him soporific herbs instead of tea.
Greek Delicacies Karabela's, 630 First Avenue (37th Street) is a new food market with its eye on the Mediterranean.
Their eldest, Albert Lincoln Roker Jr., graduated from Xavier High School in Manhattan, where he was a class clown ("the black Don Rickles").
The accord was completed at a time when Germany has been swept by right-wing radical political demonstrations and actions against foreigners and against Jews.
He didn't have to make any more calls.
What would be the use?
"This is about Weicker, not the issues," said the Republican Party chairman, Richard Foley Jr. "A.C.P.
When that failed, he appeared before the Swiss police, as Mr. Cohen.
The survey, carried out in January by the Kuwaiti daily Al Anbaa, indicated that 12.2 percent of the Kuwaiti viewers were watching Egypt's satellite channel, which is beamed throughout the Arab world and which MBC hopes to dethrone as the No.
In his role as the fearless teller of truths that others shrink from, he is willing to go well beyond what most politicians will say about members of their own party.
Indeed, since these publications have such prominent parents, and millions of dollars behind them, they are drawing quite a bit of attention.
These were the kind who played Get Acquainted Bingo with the passengers, made a fuss over everyone's birthday, ran themselves ragged at night making sure the fussy ones were settled comfortably in their rooms.
West was certainly timid: an immediate leap to four spades, based on the favorable vulnerability, would have put considerable pressure on North-South.
Two other operas, in concert form, are coming to county public libraries next weekend: Bizet's "Carmen" in New Rochelle and Puccini's "Boheme," costumed but not staged, in White Plains.
For the Muslims, the events of the past week augur ill, for them and for India's secular credentials.
The policy was influenced by low United States wheat exports, which were in part a consequence of European farm subsidies.
Four more present or former Cincinnati Bengals players have countersued a woman who contends that she was gang-raped by several Bengals players two years ago in Seattle.
It does not take much to lift the lid on the rules the city depends on.
If dummy had a side entry, South would cash the ace, cross to the closed hand, and lead his remaining diamond.
One major manufacturer, Piper, is in bankruptcy; another, Cessna, is up for sale.
Much of the remote Dolpo region of Nepal, made famous by Peter Matthiessen's book "The Snow Leopard," is prized by trekkers for three challenging 17,000-foot-high passes.
There are two Roman Catholic parochial schools in town -- St. Francis, a K-12 school on Amboy Road, and St. Clare School, a K-8 school on Lindenwood Road.
"We might look at moving back the starting time," Wheeler said, referring to the 600-mile race.
Not even the initial meeting between Darly (Christine Lahti), a hard-boiled cocktail waitress with a wardrobe that leans toward leopard spots and leather, and Marianne (Meg Tilly), an abused wife on the run from her husband, has an honest ring.
The nation's mortgage delinquency rate rose during the second quarter as more Americans fell behind on their home loan payments, the Mortgage Bankers Association said today.
Officials here and in Washington could not say where the figure of 20,000 people originated.
But Congressional staff members say his office only interviewed State Department officials charged with approving the payments, and not those who reportedly received them.
Mr. Stein has not formally announced his candidacy, but he said last week "it's a very safe bet" that he would run.
Many people read this snub as a wrongheaded political decision to leave the Holocaust behind.
SCARSDALE -- Congregational Church, 1 Heathcote Road.
Anthony Venti, a spokesman for FEMA, said the list was removed from a safe and shredded this afternoon in the presence of Mr. Stickney and other officials.
And Jamie Kellner, president of Fox Broadcasting, said, "We owe a debt to Barry, but we've got something to prove."
Operating profit in the quarter was "significantly higher" for the unit, a result of increased demand.
They then rush to biology for the explanation, perhaps thinking that this way may dampen painful and wrenching social changes.
She will live in the house with two other graduate students, who will pay rent.
Administrators say that the furor over Dr. Jeffries's dismissal has died down considerably, and that the college and the department are trying to focus on moving forward, to build a black studies department worthy of its site in Harlem.
After being ejected from two other hotels, Gorky found peace at the house of the John Martin family on Staten Island, whom The New York Times described as "less scrupulous than their neighbors."
The controversy intensified when the movie won the Golden Globe Award from Los Angeles film critics.
"This becomes more important now than before because of the high volume of fixed-rate mortgages that are being held," Mr. Ryan added.
"Horace wrote, 'Carpe diem' -- 'Seize the day.'
Well, Lynne Meadow, the artistic director of the Manhattan Theater Club, has good news.
But the decorating may be the least unusual thing about 100 Broadway.
A lone environmental lobbyist curled up in a corner, lost in his copy of the state operations budget.
"I sat at a podium in Stockholm 20 years ago.
Conclusions can be drawn from seasonlong performances.
Ms. Kellman was a grieving woman and Mr. Tyler comforted her in "Afterword," to a score by Arvo Part.
The Family Service Association of Nassau County is a beneficiary.
*3*** COMPANY REPORTS ** View Full Article in Timesmachine »
The witness, Dorothy Robinson, a nurse's aide, said she heard the first of two shots fired at Mr. Pannell as she left her home near the scene to visit a neighbor.
Only about $7 million of long-term debt is affected, but S.& P. says the banking company continues to experience severe problems with the quality of its assets.
In more than two dozen interviews since the shootout, men and women, young and old, spoke of their different versions of Hunts Point, what is wrong and what would make it better.
A brief article in some copies on Monday about the arrest of the singer Harry Connick Jr. at Kennedy International Airport on a charge of possessing an unlicensed gun referred incorrectly to events that followed.
"It's all reversible," he said.
He had been sent to Long Lane after being charged with possession of a dangerous weapon.
"We have decided to stop the escalation.
Japanese auto executives have not been announcing pay cuts lately, but they get only about half of what Detroit chiefs get.
TANGLED FINANCES STRAND SHIP AT SEA Since last Saturday the ship the East Trader and its 25 sun-baked crew members have sat anchored in choppy waters 19 miles off the coast of Manhattan, with dwindling supplies of food and water and no money to enter the Port of New York.
Carter B. Refo said, gazing out at the water from the bridge.
"He went into his bag of tricks and pulled out something good."
But, as Fallows said, the experience of the men who evaded the draft was "bloodless, theoretical."
Weeks This On Week List NonFiction 2 6 AMERICA: WHAT WENT WRONG?
Swan Lake: Silver Lake is the home of swans said to be descendants of the first flock bred in the United States.
A Commission on the Islamicization of the Economy has been established to devise the rules and procedures for financial transactions without interest.
The music was loose and happy, but it also followed a plan: it invited the audience to join in (with Roky Erikson's "Slip Inside This House"), testified to the pleasures of raised consciousness ("Movin' On Up"), offered love songs, then went into extended workouts, culminating in a joyful exhortation to "Come Together."
They recently moved to the North Bronx from the South Bronx with three of their five children.
Mr. Kelley, testifying before the State Commission of Investigation under a grant of immunity from prosecution, said he puts $500 in cash in an envelope and leaves it under the bar at the Satin Dolls lounge in Lodi for pickup by Vincent Ravo.
Prequalifying for a Mortgage Marie H. Roller, a senior vice president of Ridgefield Bank in Ridgefield, Conn., said house hunters could save time and avoid the trauma of seeing their deals fall apart by prequalifying for their mortgages.
Elizabeth Barrett Browning found daguerreotypes superior to paintings; Emerson said they represented "the true republican style of painting" in that "the artist stands aside and lets you paint yourself."
Most important, is this an overlooked area for cutbacks in defense spending?"
It fails to recognize that many of Jefferson Davis's failings were products not so much of his personal weaknesses but of the society from which he sprang.
Mr. Hynes is also a regular speaker in the borough's black churches: by his count he has addressed 40 this year.
The second half was reduced to a scrimmage.
Call 432-5099 for more information.
Mr. Porter calmly stroked the chin of the black timber rattler.
He said that doctors already knew implants were safe.
"The thing that Plan B did was, it forced you to protect only 37 players off your roster and decide on younger players who were unknowns or stay with players in the twilight of their careers.
Miniature puppets, life-size puppets and plastic masks mix with naturalistic acting.
He said that the Senator's wife, Elizabeth, was with him at the hospital and "seems to be taking it in a routine way."
At one point he even did a wheezy, crooning impersonation of Elvis Presley singing "I'm So Lonesome I Could Cry" (presumably this was late-period Elvis).
Shredded "The Star-Spangled Banner" at Woodstock; spawned too many imitators who think a headband equals genius.
"We have some doubts, but try to eliminate them by saying we can do something good for our country," he said.
It's not over until it's over."
In office, he has worked to raise energy prices to finance a declining industry, but not as quickly as Westerners suggested, and he has urged that world prices for fuel should not take effect until the end of 1993, at the earliest.
7 7 10 HEAD TO HEAD, by Lester Thurow.
He sponsored a bill that led to the return of land in the Sante Fe National Forest to a Pueblo tribe.
She died of heart failure, a family member said.
Every time we have one -- hell, there'll be a statue of Garth Brooks in about five years."
By the time the Islamic fundamentalists took power in a military coup in 1989, the railroads, which two decades before had carried 3 million tons a year, were able to carry only 300,000 tons.
I recommend Fologandros, only a couple of hours on a small boat from Paros, where you can enjoy the unspoiled Greece, alone on the best cove beaches I found in all the Cyclades.
But nobody has walked away, and for the first time in decades deeply estranged neighbors are routinely talking to each other.
Michigan said its 2,485 new jobless claims resulted from layoffs in the auto industry.
An End to Coexistence But not for much longer in Zvornik, if it is left to the slouch-postured Serbian militiamen who now control the town.
But, at a news conference today in Washington, Mr. Burney added, "Make no mistake, we continue to believe the case against Canada has no merit."
His wife could not be located for comment.
For this road trip, the team took a chartered plane owned by the Charlotte Hornets of the National Basketball Association.
Moran also said the U.S.O.C.
Finding Qualified Women "The attitude of President Hartley and his administration has been one of action rather than lip service," Dr. Adams said.
But they also present the story's passions as symbolic of mankind's inherent sinfulness, and they describe the tale as a reminder that redemption is possible.
He says a research goal for the next decade should be to develop robots that can look around and write their own rules from what they see.
Details on Shooting Unclear Details of the shootout were sketchy last night.
Mr. Steisel said the plan would help clean city streets because the Sanitation Department could identify the single hauler responsible if litter is left in a street.
The judge, John Downey, ruled that the natural mother had not been aware of all her legal options when she sought to reclaim her child.
"My God, I hope he's tough enough."
Most planned communities promote a single architectural style -- ersatz Georgian or fake Spanish Colonial.
The 2.5 kilometer (1.7 miles) Walk for Fun starts at 2:30, and the 5 kilometer (about 3 miles) run begins at 3, rain or shine, through Arthur Manor, formerly the Hyatt family farm.
Mr. Burkhead defended the salary levels as essential for getting the most qualified people.
The more candidates, the better."
He has worked harder than a lot of people do."
"Some of these districts look like the trajectory of the bullet that killed President Kennedy," said Mr. Ackerman, who said he was leaning strongly toward running against Mr. Scheuer.
Outside, the Broadway Bar and Grill has a double column of tables on the sidewalk; inside, it has spacious booths next to large windows through which diners can watch the whole show unfold on the Promenade.
The diverging court plans, combined with the prolonged deadlock over redistricting in the state Legislature, adds new uncertainty to the question of just where the lines for new Congressional districts will be this fall -- and who among New York's 34 representatives will be the likely losers as the state's delegation shrinks to 31 members.
Recently the Journal of the American Medical Association has been embarrassed because in 1991 it printed an article about Ayurvedic medicine -- Indian remedies promoted by Maharishi -- that was written by someone with ties to a company that sells oils and ointments used in the practice.
A.The left-handed Kevin and the right-handed Duke are not related, but they do have something more in common than their surnames and Yankee affiliation: the uniform No.
McNeil, who stepped in for Thomas and gained 28 yards on 4 carries against the Steelers, says he hasn't tried to console or to counsel Thomas this year.
"First, problems of this nature don't have easy solutions.
In a city of Federal bureaucrats, curiosity about a musical history of the White House apparently did its work.
Add 1/2 tablespoon butter and the maple syrup, season with salt and pepper and set aside.
"This is not an environment in which anyone in the Administration or Congress is thinking about making money available, because it is needed elsewhere," said Representative Robert G. Torricelli, a New Jersey Democrat who is chairman of the House Subcommittee on Western Hemisphere Affairs and supports reconstruction aid.
Ms. Cohen also manages the 73-year-old Battle Hill School condominium in White Plains.
"But the 90 percent knew perfectly well that this was a lie," Haber said.
Ms. Cook makes splendid metaphorical use of the scenes in Rock Creek Cemetery to describe Eleanor at this time as not merely defining a new life for herself, but as pioneering roads previously untaken by women generally.
Senator D'Amato has earned a reputation among his colleagues for working harder on behalf of constituents than most members of Congress.
It had to be very frustrating for the Jets to watch Falcons' kicker, Norm Johnson, boot a club-record-tying 54-yard field goal and then watch their guy, Jason Staurovsky, miss kicks from 41 and 42 yards in the second half with the score at 20-17.
Another 14 percent were reported to receive below 1,800 calories, internationally qualified as inadequate.
Thus collectors can buy the stamp on Jan. 8 and design unofficial first-day covers.
Bad luck continued for the horse and rider throughout the summer.
An executive with another team who did not want to be identified said the Nets were considering making room for Mahorn's salary by trading point guard Mookie Blaylock.
Stich, a German who won Wimbledon in 1991 but previously only a minor event this year, defeated Chang, 6-2, 6-3, 6-2, in 2 hours 7 minutes to collect the biggest prize in tennis.
When she tries to donate her father's organs, she's told by a doctor that it's too late, that they've already deteriorated.
I think it certainly adjusts this peace process to place it back on the right track."
I, too, believe the concept is the solution for the U.S. health care system and for many who are poorly served today -- the uninsured, small groups, the individually insured.
The movie, which stars Gena Rowlands and Peter Falk, is about a woman's mental disorder and gradual disintegration.
Armco Steel, $66 million, 91 percent.
We believe we can have both, with better regulation."
"What good is it going to do to give them the right antibiotic for pneumonia and send them back home?"
Leann L. Birch, a professor of human development and nutritional sciences at the University of Illinois at Urbana-Champaign, has been studying children's eating patterns for 15 years and has discovered, among other things, that pushing and prodding children almost always backfires.
At least two companies can help with chartering a gulet, which although it has a mast and sails is not a sailboat.
Two Democratic candidates for President today criticized health-care proposals being developed by the Bush Administration, saying they would not do enough to control health costs or to protect the millions of Americans who lack health insurance.
She took care of him real quick."
Still Empty Since 1983 After the shock came the lament.
2 National 6-9 RECORD FINE OVER ALIENS In an action illustrating both how tough and how porous the nation's landmark 1986 immigration reform law can be, the Government imposed a $1.1 million fine on a Georgia peach-harvesting company that smuggled thousands of aliens into the country and kept many in conditions akin to bondage.
The most crucial is humanitarian, to alleviate what Dr. Starzl said was "a catastrophic shortage of human organs," particularly for the 25,000 Americans who are waiting for donor kidneys.
The smile turns to a wince, and he says, "I wish they had a seniors' tour for jockeys."
Questions on Surveillance The arrests last Thursday of the officers -- three from the 94th Precinct in Greenpoint, two from the 73d Precinct in Bedford-Stuyvesant and one retired officer -- have raised concerns about the quality of the department's surveillance techniques and whether corrupt officers have learned to beat the system.
The assets of the 285 general-purpose funds were down by $270.1 million, to $180.30 billion.
"All of a sudden, I had the option of becoming just an opponent, or fighting like I realistically can fight, of making hundreds of thousands of dollars a fight rather than $6,000."
The difference between tonight and the frustrating days and nights Perez has known this season was the early advantage his teammates built against Twin starter David West.
DENNIS RASMUSSEN will find out when he talks about renewing his contract with the Kansas City Royals exactly how much he impressed the front office with his 2-0 victory Tuesday night over the California Angels in Anaheim.
The incident report, intended to remain confidential, Mr. Murphy said, "got into the wrong hands" and precipitated the firefighters' complaint against Mr. Burrell, an action he termed a "personal vendetta."
Hot Mocha Total time: 10 minutes 2 ounces bittersweet chocolate in small pieces 1 cup milk 3/4 cup freshly brewed strong coffee or espresso 1 to 3 teaspoons sugar, or to taste.
And Indiana outlasted Funderburke, the 6-9 sophomore whose strength underneath gives the Buckeyes a dimension that could easily have exploited a flu-weakened front line.
Patricia A. McGuire, president of Trinity College in Washington is a member of the Middle States Commission on Higher Education States Association, a college accrediting group that has been under fire from the Education Department for using minority recruitment as one measure of performance.
Elway has missed the last four games -- all losses -- because of the injury.
With respect to the city's gun manufacturing liability law, I have indeed challenged the District's failure to meet the legal requirements of its home-rule charter.
The White House specified that the moratorium would not apply to rules developed under statutory or judicial deadlines or those that involved "imminent danger" to human safety or health.
Beginning tomorrow and continuing through mid-December, member libraries of the Westchester Library System, based here, will collect non-perishable food items, like canned or dried vegetables, canned soups and sauces, pasta, rice and cereal.
The banking company's president, Richard Braddock, resigned suddenly on Monday, while the company announced expected third-quarter earnings that were less than analysts' expectations.
It has been 17 years since rocks were thrown in anger in South Boston in reaction to the court-ordered busing that brought black schoolchildren into the Irish enclave here known as "Southie."
A former prominent Dallas minister whose wife was choked and left for dead five years ago has been indicted here on an attempted-murder charge in that attack and was arrested in Los Angeles today.
Since I have a preferred supplier relationship with the cruise line, I can sell it for a 15 percent discount.
Father Emphasizes School Only this year did the elder Abdul-Jabbar insert a hoop in his private gym, and that was at the request of his son.
October deliveries, meanwhile, rose just 0.19 cent, to 10.02 cents a pound, which suggests the tight supplies concern the near-term contract, said Arthur Stevenson, an analyst at Prudential Securities Inc.
But several skulls were damaged.
Ms. Lerner said Centocor, based in Malvern, Pa., had told her that it was providing the F.D.A.
Aug. 29 and 30: a musical evening with Linda Purl.
"We are emphasizing computer data processing space," said Mr. Goldenberger.
And all this was before Nickelodeon moved "The Ren and Stimpy Show" to Saturday night.
"Initially people were very hostile, but then other positive results started to appear," said Dr. Hrushesky, senior oncologist at the Stratton Veterans Affairs Hospital in Albany.
But one way or another, it seems that technology blessed those who already had a leg up in the job market.
It's Heroes of Baseball Night.
But what would Wirtz do about refunds?
Some linguistic trends are predictable.
"It is not a suitable predictor of outcomes at this hospital."
If it happens, it is also possible that Daley Thompson's world record of 8,847 points, set at the 1984 Olympics, will be broken.
In judicious amounts, it enhances nearly everything it touches; overdone, or as an end in itself, there is almost nothing more enervating.
The others were reclining in or against their trucks.
Two A-37 Dragonflies roared overhead, and President Alfredo Cristiani praised the Atlacatl Battalion for heroism and distinguished service as its troops formed for the final time in their maroon berets and bandanas, their M-16 rifles at their sides.
The accommodations are palatial by Chinese standards, but Westerners are often put off by the power failures, water shortages, and doormen who make Chinese visitors register their names.
Officials of the Toyota Motor Sales U.S.A. Company said that a date had not been set for Mr. Sakai to take over but added that the change would probably occur this summer.
The reality is that under any government Israelis survive in a jungle of dictators hunting for Israeli weaknesses.
Flower said, although its official capacity is 112.
Trying to be up to the second, Mr. Alessandrini gives us a whiff of future "Forbiddens."
Mr. Terrill thinks that buying network fax software is easy to justify because of the savings in time and money spent waiting in line or trying to get through a busy circuit.
They supply the enthusiasm and hard work.
Bell has leased 250,000 square feet of the 273,000-square-foot structure, which has had only a handful of tenants since its completion in 1985.
He said he was threatened with the confiscation of his home, prosecution on felony charges that could lead to 10 years in prison, a $200,000 cash bail, and loss of his professional licenses unless he agreed to sign over the deeds to his Hunterdon property and stipulate that they were bought with proceeds from drug dealing.
Hemingway's life was hardly without consequences.
and not getting a Super Bowl ring.
These other things, I cannot predict.
At one point, a tiny human broke out in a particularly evil tantrum, watching befuddled as his father stood on his head directly above.
$772,000 Interest set at .
He ordered a telephone conference next week to discuss remaining issues in the case.
But they would be heavily influenced by the way their people voted.
To continue to grow, the company has been diversifying, not only into other businesses like television production but also into new kinds of programming.
The company has yet to prove that it can build a car that is equal, in substance and status, to the best Japanese and European competitors.
'He's a Gamer' "He's a gamer," Jet Head Coach Bruce Coslet said after the scrimmage.
"Very difficult decisions had to be made, and that was one of them," said Hunsicker.
The ValuePoints do not blaze any new technological trails, but the I.B.M.
Mike Magnante (4-7), the fifth Kansas City pitcher, worked one hitless inning.
At the Excelsior Hotel, the general manager, Linus Raines, said that all rooms had been rented and that much of the space on the roof had been taken for satellite dishes and cameras.
There is perpetual jet lag from a weekly transcontinental flight home, plus the expense of maintaining two households -- one of which is a two-bedroom Capitol Hill townhouse he shares with three other lawmakers.
A heavy wind blew in excess of 30 miles an hour, often at tricky angles, throwing drives and approaches into the some 190 bunkers that pepper the course.
And the prize for the winner will be a four-of-seven-game series with the defending champions, the Chicago Bulls.
He acknowledged swearing in the Oct. 5 call, but said he was only doing what the Senator had asked people to do: share their feelings about the income tax.
The public perception of a systematic attempt to separate the application of the rule of law from partisan politics would in itself be a net benefit; it would help alleviate the corrosive public cynicism undermining the very legitimacy of the Government itself.
"Welcome," he said, "to the wonderful world of generics."
Ms. Drattell also said she was establishing a program to commission three composers to write fanfares that will have their premieres during the series.
"There was a lot of dissension among parents.
The cease-fire negotiated on Friday collapsed, and attempts for new talks in Sarajevo fell through today when representatives of the warring sides did not show up.
"It's going to happen sometime, but you really don't know when."
Mario M. Cuomo said today that he would nominate George Bundy Smith, a justice on the Appellate Division of State Supreme Court in Manhattan, to be an associate judge on New York State's highest court, the Court of Appeals.
If everything is going wrong, they have a gloomy suspicion that there is more to come.
Last week, Murray's ninth-inning home run gave the Mets a 3-2 victory over St. Louis.
Earlier this month, the W. H. Smith Group of Britain offered to buy 59 stores from Record World, which is operating under Chapter 11 bankruptcy protection.
Mr. Macomber was an early supporter of Mr. Bush's 1980 Presidential campaign and remains a regular visitor at the White House.
The MacMillan choreography of the Act I ensemble numbers "June Is Busting Out All Over" and "Blow High, Blow Low!," while intended to salute the Agnes de Mille originals, looks like the West End's perennially warmed-over idea of Michael Kidd.
y KEY: y Yea; n Nay; (A) Absent or did not vote; (P) Present.
But that, he said, is a risk Baxter is willing to take, and the company, which had global sales of $8.92 billion in 1991, can afford to wait a long time for its return on the Moscow venture.
These days, foreign journalists come to Katarina Lindahl's office searching for sin.
The agreement is expected to be initialed within a few weeks and come up for ratification later in the legislative bodies of all three countries.
"It's the desperate ploy of a desperate man," William Guttman, 48, an accountant, said of the latest Bush attack on Mr. Clinton.
I'm doing this for you.
"A lot of people still equate speech with intelligence" and want to learn to speak rather than to sign, said Ms. Roth, who is deaf.
Ideas Across the Ocean Skillful recycling, of course, was a key to survival in the early days of Hollywood.
When Hostetler was injured against the Tampa Bay Buccaneers in the 12th game of the season, Simms started the last four games.
A couple of hammer taps to lively background music, and in the nail goes.
However disorderly people might be in the streets, a code of behavior, a respect, keeps them subdued in the subways -- except during rush hours, when trains are as jammed as in New York and people elbow their way aboard.
House Democrats were suggesting an array of tax changes, including temporary tax credits of up to $400 for a married couple, a small cut in capital gains and a percentage-point decline in the corporate rate.
The scouts are "still going to come see Syracuse play," McRae said.
"I can see that in this sphere of entrepreneurial activity, as well as in many others," he said, "everything has been divided between groups which have taken definite shape and are engaged in tough competition, resorting to whatever means are available."
Many in the courtroom turned tense and tearful as a woman dressed in black grieved over her 29-year-old son, lost to AIDS two years ago as a result of transfusions of a contaminated blood-clotting substance.
There will be a wide range of activities, from dealers buying and selling stamps to world-class exhibits to meetings and seminars by several dozen hobbyist groups.
Now she is facing another crisis as the Maxwell empire crumbles, even though the individual companies she represents are making money.
Merrill also lowered minimum loan amounts to $100,000 from $200,000 on a range of its products.
Every 10 years I rise to write an essay about El Nino (pronounced El NEEN-yo, short for the Spanish El Nino de Navidad, or Christ Child) straightening out the climatologists and their credulous cohort who see the great, mysterious swoosh of warm water as a troublesome "southern oscillation."
"It was just much too expensive then."
In a speech to 5,000 delegates at a convention of the American Federation of State, County and Municipal Employees, the Arkansas Governor put the blame for government paralysis at the door of mid-level Federal workers, not the employees of state and local governments.
"We Greeks think that we have charisma, and that was the one thing that the last two candidates, Dukakis and Tsongas, lacked," said the Rev.
It doesn't mean I'm better than Pat.
Broadway, St. Mark's Place, Madison Avenue, Fifth Avenue and other streets often have more outdoor bookstands than indoor bookstores.
ORLANDO THUNDER -- Signed Chris Ford, wide receiver.
Throughout the house, her work mixes with tribal objects.
But district lines have been redrawn not only to reflect population shifts but to provide maximum opportunities for black and Hispanic voters to gain representation in Congress, as required by the Voting Rights Act.
His new economic program, announced Sunday, focuses on ways to rebuild America's economy, but its most significant change from previous plans was Mr. Clinton's scaling back on his call for a middle-class tax cut, which he had long insisted was needed as a matter of fairness.
The Senate Banking Committee cleared a bill today that would require the nation's 17,000 investment advisers to pay for increased inspections through higher fees.
In the warm weather, he adds dirt around the trees and sprinkles a layer of decorative white pebbles.
D23 RULING TODAY ON ABORTION LIMIT A Federal district judge says he will rule this morning on whether regulations forbidding federally financed family planning clinics to discuss abortion go into effect today.
Pitt Coach PAUL HACKETT was forced to resign yesterday after three seasons marked by poor records, declining fan support and the dwindling prestige of what was formerly one of college football's top programs.
Specially treated fruit could be shipped as early as next week.
A visit from a Blue Cross and Blue Shield representative could be helpful.
"All we're asking is that the negotiators sit down with an open mind, ready to negotiate with honorable intent," she said.
"Nothing is foolproof in life," said Harry Dodd, state director of probation and parole services in Florida, which has a four-year-old electronic monitoring program with 1,000 people enrolled at any one time.
's assistant general manager for programming, said yesterday, "I.B.M.
That seems to attract more attention.
Versailles Treaty was next, half a length in front of Scotty Schulhofer's Shared Interest.
The Braves, three outs from surrendering the National League Championship Series they had led by three games to one, scored three runs in the ninth to win the seventh game, 3-2.
A senior Iraqi official said today that threats of new bombing strikes or other military action would never persuade Iraq to allow United Nations arms inspectors to search the Agriculture Ministry here or any other buildings that are "symbols of sovereignty."
"You break through by having a message that's compelling about yourself," said Stan Greenberg, the Clinton poll taker who remains convinced that voters are far more open about learning more about Mr. Clinton than about George Bush.
A14 CLINTON DEFENDS PRIVACY Governor Clinton appealed to voters to allow his family to preserve its privacy and criticized the press for reporting accusations that he had been unfaithful to his wife.
Soon the tally appeared -- 541 for, 98 against.
He said the decision to step down was "agonizing" even though his seat appeared safe under a state court redistricting plan that has been adopted by the State Legislature.
Rooms $85 to $130 single occupancy, $95 to $140 double occupancy.
"We had done our road testing but it needed to be more comprehensive -- it needed to have more accidents on the highway," he said.
"Everyone was saying something had to be done.
"We're doing reasonably well," Young said.
I felt an anger so new, so intense, it literally pushed me out of my house onto the street.
The poll of 403 registered voters had a margin of error of plus or minus five percentage points.
had hoped to raise more than $2 billion from the sale; it will actually receive $2.15 billion.
State law prohibits broadcasting testimony by children.
As word spread of the policy change, lines at motor vehicle stations grew by the hundreds, and many patrons were forced to wait up to four hours for service.
We will be asked if there is any real room for the pro-choice view within the Republican Party.
Metro Park was added earlier this month to a list of sites that was started in 1983 with the discovery of chromium contamination here.
Blanco said Quintana's wife, SOLYS, broke both of her legs in the car accident.
It works for her not only because she uses a whole different technique, but because she loves the music and is having the time of her life doing it."
Fighting between Azerbaijan and Armenia over the Armenian enclave of Nagorno-Karabakh intensified today amid reports that military and civilian deaths had climbed to more than 500 this week.
The police said that they arrested Mr. White after receiving a tip in two of the killings, and that he has since confessed to all six.
Recruits must go through 16 weeks of training that includes instruction on how to write police reports, police jargon, citizen contact and first aid.
The folks at his show included Cyd Charisse, in a pastel plaid Mackie suit, and Liza Minnelli, in a purple Halston jacket and black pants.
There were also dresses with corselet tops, laced at the back, that pushed up the bosom in a very 18th-century way.
Besides being what his aides described as wounded, the former President is also isolated from much of his family.
They keep the school from doing anything that sends the message that you have to be responsible for your own behavior," he said.
The victim, his chest bleeding from a puncture wound and his hands cut, stepped from the tunnel onto a platform at East 138th Street and Third Avenue in Mott Haven about 7:15 P.M., the Transit police said.
Further, he promised in the next two months to supplement that meager amount with another 200 rubles a month, bringing it close to the unofficial poverty line of 550 rubles a month.
"Baker's Dozen" was danced by Lisa Deyo, Geoff Myers, Sandi J. Cooksey, Joseph Mooradian, Krista Swenson, Matt Rivera, Christine Carrillo, Joseph Patrick, Daniela Panessa, Ron De Jesus, Mary Nesvadba and Alberto J. Arias.
The owners -- from barkeepers with a phone by the bathroom to fledging telecommunications corporations -- install the phones at a cost of about $1,500, lease a business line from New York Telephone and contract with alternative operator services, instead of American Telephone and Telegraph Company, for long-distance calls.
The General Electric Company said yesterday that it had begun an internal investigation into charges that some of its officials conspired with the De Beers cartel to fix the price of industrial diamonds, as asserted by a former vice president in a lawsuit.
Leaders in Belgrade bear most of the responsibility for the butchery in Bosnia.
The minimum tax rate, just like the top ordinary tax rate, will be rising under President Clinton.
It swaths you in sweet-smelling leather and it gives you mirrorlike walnut trim to smile at.
"You know coming into the game that it's not likely to happen.
The earliest pollinators of these plants were most likely small beetles, wasps or some type of aquatic insect, rather than the bees that might have feasted on magnolia pollen.
There was standout dancing from the male demisoloists -- Mr. Roberts, a fine-scaled Parrish Maynard, Mr. Brown, Charles Askegard, Mr. Selya, Benjamin Pierce, Peter Taylor, Mr. Roberts, Alexander Ritter and Mr. Wallace -- at both performances.
Pellerin, who had no scoring points in the championship game, was voted most valuable player.
Is there any reason why we cannot outcrank, outcreate and outwork anybody anywhere in the world, and beat them in economic competition?
Mr. Landano said he did not know Mr. Roller and was not at the scene of the shooting and robbery.
At that time, it was the city that had cash flow problems, and it offered its large commercial landlords discounts if they paid property-tax bills early, to help the city pay its bills.
Winning Over Critics Even some of those who used to criticize Mr. Edwards say it is possible that the state will benefit from his mastery of the Legislature after four years of well-meaning but largely stillborn attempts at governmental reform by his Republican predecessor, Buddy Roemer.
After the firestorm Mr. Clinton said he would impose a very strict code of sexual conduct on gay people in the armed forces.
Turnovers -- 10 more committed than at this point last season -- have also ruined the Jets' chances.
This much is certain: Whatever the importance of zeros in April and May, their value increases exponentially in September and October.
They had invaded Czechoslovakia just a few years before."
Traffic jams around Vina make this about a three-hour drive.
Lewis got out slowly, accelerated well, had a chance but couldn't close.
Roberto Alomar's three-year contract with Toronto computes to an average raise of $3,366,667, Barry Larkin's five-year deal with Cincinnati represents a $3.02 million increase, and Cecil Fielder of Detroit added $3 million to the average of his expired two-year contract.
As head of a group that provides half the company's $2 billion in annual sales, Mr. Bahrenburg, who built much of his career at Hearst as publisher of Cosmopolitan, is an obvious candidate to replace Frank Bennack, the highly regarded president of Hearst.
They have wonderful imaginations and would turn every toy in the room into a gun if allowed.
But he went on to speculate that the explanation might lie in the ways people take stock of their lives and accomplishments on their birthdays.
These exotic juvenile vacations depend on adults who use vacations as status symbols.
They petted Molly the dog, and yelled at her just like family when she barked at Bernie, our Mr. Fix-it.
A picture caption in some copies yesterday about the coming Israeli elections misidentified the location of Nazareth.
Why are they closing our plant?
12 * 14 2 THE SILKEN WEB, by Sandra Brown.
Even his rivals say that Mr. Wiley, renowned for his technical expertise and integrity, has an enormous talent for working out difficult issues and elevating the level of debate.
Three of them were Russian, tall and Slavic.
But let Mr. Fenno not underestimate the form that he gamely chose but imperfectly used for his creative holiday.
On Thursday, Foreign Minister Roland Dumas of France predicted that no accord would be possible for several months.
He specialized in respiratory physiology, a subject on which he wrote more than 100 articles, monographs and books.
Jon Robin Baitz, the 30-year-old playwright, has accepted a grant of $15,000 from the National Endowment for the Arts and announced yesterday that he would in turn make two donations equaling that amount to two institutions denied $10,000 endowment grants on May 12 by the agency's acting director, Dr. Anne-Imelda Radice.
5.54% Accepted at low price .
"There are a lot of places offering help, but it all takes time, so we are bouncing around here and there, trying to survive."
The conflict between the workers and the expiring free market government is particularly acute in Poland, where the largest state-owned steel mills and shipyards were strongholds of the Solidarity movement.
Until early yesterday morning, when the bay's rising tide made rescue attempts too dangerous, more than 700 firefighters, ambulance crews, police officers, divers and Coast Guard officers kept up an ever more futile rescue effort, searching Flushing Bay and keeping rows of ambulances and firetrucks on standby.
27 Yankees rally over Rangers.
"I favor secession; I really do," Mr. Seminerio said.
History suggests that it takes at least five years to judge the vintage of a given harvest.
Born and reared in Paterson, N.J., she came of age, as she puts it, "at the wrong time to be the kind of person I wanted to be."
* National Bank of South Carolina, Sumter, S.C., a unit of NBSC Corp., said that NBSC and First Trident Savings and Loan Corp. had executed a letter of intent to merge.
But I'm not worried about that.
EXTRA POINTS The Rams have lost all 10 coin tosses in 1992, including 4 in preseason.
One could ask for more art and less exposure.
That doesn't mean that black players of today fully accept that the doors Robinson walked through in 1947 are open wide.
The D-RAM is not moving any faster, but the microprocessor does other tasks instead of wasting time in waiting.
The program will be repeated Tuesday evening.
Mr. de Klerk attended Potchefstroom University.
You're not really living, you're struggling to exist," he said.
These plants are rarely eaten except in times of severe famine.
If you have been fat since childhood or if both your parents are overweight, don't expect to diet your way to sylphdom.
Officials of the Tokyo Stock Exchange had no comment on today's announcements.
Upon entering this handsome, encyclopedic display, visitors are likely to think first of Toulouse-Lautrec, Steinlen, Alphonse Mucha and the other graphic stars of fin-de-siecle Paris.
"Oboists don't work anymore and for string players, it's Bangladesh out there," he says.
Or, for viewers who want less on Tuesday night, CBS will offer little more than brief updates squeezed between innings of the baseball All-Star Game.
"None of what I dream about is going to happen as a result of my speech," Mr. Hattoy said.
The legislation puts new restrictions on chemicals that cause acid rain, that damage the protective ozone layer or that create smog.
Grande Parade of Jazz in Nice, France.
U S West management found the communications workers accord satisfactory because the company got more flexibility in issues like scheduling.
A turnaround is not imminent, analysts said.
He was previously a senior vice president and director of media operations at DDB Needham Chicago.
He also has an unspoken motive: to find himself and start a new life in his middle years.
David Walters, a Democrat, allowed two executions to proceed in March, the first since he took office in 1991.
Because she wants each class to feel special she buys new decorations and equipment every year.
In a move to consolidate the chain of command at its American and international units, the Leo Burnett Company in Chicago has named two executives to oversee all client-service and business operations.
The stove and refrigerator had yet to be installed upstairs, but Pazienza's basement gym was stocked: weight racks and pulley contraptions, a treadmill, stair climber and exercise bike.
"Ninety-five percent of your athletes have to be good enough not to get you beat, not to lose a game for you," said John Cooper, the Ohio State coach.
Senator Watson refused to concede defeat, however, contending that her campaign had found evidence of vote-tampering and improper counting.
must carry out that task at a moment when the world marketplace is flooded with auto production capacity.
Mrs. Brookshire had leased her land to G.W.
"They don't see the connection with their everyday lives."
They find love as they travel from Ireland to Boston to Oklahoma.
"These were not nice meetings," she explained.
Even though he died on Monday, Representative Ted Weiss won the Democratic primary in the Eighth District yesterday, after a day in which residents of his base on the Upper West Side struggled to suppress the feeling that voting for him this time was macabre, ridiculous or even somehow illegal.
Rabbi Jeffrey Sirkman officiated at Le Chateau restaurant in North Salem, N.Y. Mrs. Sklarin, 26 years old, is a drug-abuse-prevention counselor in Mamaroneck, N.Y,.
Dr. Lee said he performed a standard neurological examination on Mr. Bush during his most recent physical examination and came up with nothing that would warrant a further examination by a neurologist.
Ron Anderson scored a season-high 27 points tonight to spark the Philadelphia 76ers to a 126-121 victory over the Atlanta Hawks.
"I would say ask the guy who has the locker next to you or your brother-in-law who does their financial planning."
A native of Hoquiam, Wash., Mr. Morey moved around the Pacific Northwest after completing high school and held a variety of jobs -- including professional boxer -- before starting his writing career in the late 1920's.
"I was horrified when I saw the memo."
Although he has seen his biggest legal victories collapse under adverse appellate court rulings, Mr. Walsh said, "I feel a certain sense of accomplishment, a sense of relief."
So they were going back to the old church, to kneel in the dark, cross themselves and whisper to the priest on the other side of the screen, going home to have their souls washed clean.
"I can think of nothing more suitable than this piece of land because it would enable us to complete the Bronx River Reservation, one of our most extraordinary park holdings."
And, he said, "there's another big difference this year -- the difference is that if it doesn't get done, Fernandez may quit over it."
A man was struck and killed by a shore-bound New Jersey Transit train tonight, a transit official said.
Today, their child is out of college and the same family, which has not thought about the loan in years, has saved some money and is considering rolling over a $10,000 C.D.
28 New investors and proposal for Giants.
These are among the most highly regarded academic prizes for college graduates and are seen to reflect favorably on both those chosen and the schools they attended.
Gawrys as South took full advantage.
"Well," he said recently on the phone, "I met a woman.
Sponsored by the Friends of the Parks.
Born in Highland Park, Mich., Mr. Traynor was a graduate of the Lawrence Institute of Technology, in Detroit.
Republicans called it a ploy by petulant Democrats to present the incoming majority with a dilemma: reinstitute the very taxes they had campaigned against or make huge cuts in state jobs and services to cover the lost revenue.
He retired from that office in 1988 at the age of 90.
However jumbled American signals may have been before July 25, they were quite reassuring from then on.
"We've had inspections that drag on for years -- houses are notified of violations and nothing happens," he added.
Often it includes chili con queso made with three kinds of cheese and three kinds of peppers, a dip Mr. Abernathy says is addictive.
The liveliest production I saw was probably the most negligible -- a 45-minute one act, "Overruled," which Shaw wrote in 1912 and which is presented as lunchtime fare in the Royal George Theater.
But the report also says that Procter & Gamble spent 10 years, from 1975 to 1985, trying to obtain approval for Olestra as a drug rather than as a food additive.
For the sake of these dead men and for his own sake, he cannot allow the deaths to be pointless, accidents that offer neither redemption nor purgation.
A. Eugene Kohn, a founding partner of Kohn Pedersen Fox in Manhattan, said he believed "this recession has been more extreme than most and did more damage to architectural firms."
I'll pressure him early and maintain the pressure until he runs into something."
The new home here will help the Minutemen, champions of the Atlantic 10 Conference, compete in recruiting with the more-often televised members of the Big East.
Is there enough money and political will to relocate Route 9A, the West Side Highway, from its shoreline viaduct to a semi-enclosed route curving 550 feet inland?
If the economic program emerged largely in place, he added, the United States would still have the "confidence" to proceed with the aid.
Such proposals are highly controversial and have spawned a continuing scholarly debate.
"I headed more toward the abstract.
Prices of Treasury securities moved higher and interest rates fell yesterday, propelled by a report showing that consumer confidence fell to near-record lows in February.
Mr. Tartikoff's difficulties began when he took over and said he wanted to "youthify" the studio's pictures, citing such financial failures at Paramount as "Frankie and Johnny" and "The Butcher's Wife" as precisely the kind of films the studio no longer wanted to make because of their limited appeal.
He has since returned to work.
Yields on bank money market accounts slipped to 3.36 percent.
They sat cross-legged in precise rows on coir mats, expectant, unsure of what the next three months would hold.
Other honorary degrees were awarded to Shelby Foote, the historian and novelist; T. Franklin Williams, former director of the National Institute on Aging; Sherman E. Lee, oriental art scholar and former director of the Cleveland Museum, and Anne Queen, former director of the university's Young Men and Women's Christian Associations.
The Oklahoma Independent Petroleum Association estimates that annual production will fall by 5 percent.
"I get a small guy, it's doomsday on him," Mason said, speaking of Smith and Patrick Ewing with him on the front line.
In some of the shantytowns around the city, where Shining Path has been strong, there were fewer buses and less traffic.
Though there is not much big timber left around here, signs in small shops support the industry, proclaiming: "No wilderness, no wolves, no Williams."
In White Plains, the 16-year-old Arts and General Education Program has been financed by the school district, with a steady flow of additional funds from foundations and private sources, said Joan Sanger, the program's assistant coordinator.
Instead of saying hold on, the Presidency is not for quitters and tricksters, they sent top aides to Dallas to attend and robe him.
Amid the squabbling, after years of preparation, Westinghouse and the Energy Department are planning to install a 12-ton, 47-foot-long pump in 101-SY next month to circulate the wastes slowly, allowing hydrogen to bleed off continuously instead of in potentially flammable burps.
Whether nonstudents are compensated may depend on how much time they spend with the band, he said.
Both polls had a margin of sampling error of plus or minus three percentage points.
"The investigation has been completed, and it has been determined that there is no evidence that tampering has occurred."
Cornell and many other universities have long evaluated, in some subjective way, a professor's teaching ability in making tenure decisions.
It said more than 22 people were hospitalized with serious injuries.
Citicorp offered to issue as many as 21.1 million common shares, worth $396 million at yesterday's closing price, in exchange for two series of preferred shares.
How do you feel about finally having your own place?
"It's done differently," Mr. Coleman continued, saying that sometimes a pilot "will go into the cabin and look through the window" and sometimes will peer out from the cockpit.
and her sexual politics for mass-market consumption, Madonna may be the ultimate performance artist.
The sergeant, whose name was not released last night pending notification of his family, had entered the Radio Shack store at 9 Broadway, off Bowling Green Park, at about 6 P.M., as crowds of workers flowed into streets to join the rush-hour bustle.
It was very like him to know that a hunting accident was impossible, since the partridge season in Idaho didn't start until September.
Distribution of such material through the mail is a felony, punishable by up to 10 years in prison and $250,000 in fines.
A few days ago I realized that I had not fired a shot at a duck or a goose during the entire 1991-92 waterfowling season.
Its tone was ominous for Mr. Stempel, who is 59 years old and was hospitalized briefly this month for high blood pressure.
"If the Government wants to send us some medicines, that's fine," he said, "but they have to be given to our clinics, which we will continue to run."
O.K., not to worry, the flexicon is ready: "If politicians (or government leaders) think they have a role in health reform, we've got a message for them."
There did not figure to be many passes at all because Rodney Hampton, who rushed for 167 yards last week against the Cardinals, seemed likely to match that here.
Perhaps because they haven't applied lately for a driver's license or an unemployment check, they don't know that either is a virtual administrative decathalon compared to the way many of us register to vote.
When Wilson missed, Tiger made his for the victory.
"If sports doesn't commericalize, it won't survive in some countries," he said.
The bursting of the bubble was not an accident, but a product of deliberate Government actions.
But Judge Wachtler, author of the O'Connor opinion, said in an interview that applying the O'Connor standard to a comatose patient is not appropriate.
And while Mr. Kemp is telling the housing authorities to enroll residents in training programs, the Government is offering no new money to create or expand such programs, and the effort comes when many are being cut.
Larry Bakst, writing from Cologne, Germany, suggests that supporters of a candidate who would clean out the four-flushers in Washington be called Peroto-rooters .
The Jennings-Stenerud place-kicker formula ranked kickers on percent of successful field goals, the average distance of the attempts and the average starting point of the receiving team after kickoffs.
"It is much too premature to talk about legal challenges," he said, "but I must remind you that the plan that emerges must pass constitutional muster."
Island Walk Adventure on a Shoestring, 300 West 53d Street; (212) 265-2663.
We will clean one suit or one dress per week FREE until you find employment.
A single postponed game could be easily be made up if serious bargaining resumed.
Election material, such as letters and documents, relating to the campaigns, from the library's permanent collection.
And now, playing basketball on a trampoline isn't enough for Michael Jordan, who thinks he can play golf, too.
For now, Ferry Sloops will install several temporary docks 15 feet offshore and on-shore fencing to protect its four day-sailers and a 16-foot yawl.
7 P.M. "VOICES AND VISIONS," Walt Whitman Birthplace.
She will speak at a meeting of the Long Island Horticultural Society on Sunday at 2 P.M. Fee, $5.
We should be equipped with teeth and claws."
"This may be a beginning."
If the U.N. is to play a timely and effective role in Cambodia -- or El Salvador or Yugoslavia -- Japan and Germany will have to pick up much of the slack.
Xavier McDaniel missed all seven of his second-half field goal attempts.
The Federal Government spends $4.92 in the District for every $1 paid in Federal income taxes by District workers and residents.
North Korea is facing a growing economic crisis and worsening food shortages, with some people scrounging on the hillsides for edible plants to alleviate hunger, according to ethnic Koreans who have visited relatives in North Korea.
About half of those have their results challenged, as did Mr. Dalton, he said.
The assassination theory set forth by "Flying In to Love" is a hodge-podge one, somewhat reminiscent of those sketched by Mr. DeLillo and Mr. Stone, and unsubstantiated by any real evidence.
June 7 ROSE SHOW, Queens Botanical Garden, 43-50 Main Street, Flushing.
In a case that is expected to draw wide attention, the bank recently commissioned a study on the effects that gigantic dams and irrigation canals would have on local people if constructed in the Narmada River valley in central India.
He said he called it Fido because it was friendly and protective like the family dog.
Reebok advertises its shoes to the general market primarily in terms of how they help athletic performance.
Because none of these women work from written recipes, there are always small differences, even in their own versions of a particular dish.
"This is just a pre-Perot pirouette," said Representative Henry J. Hyde of Illinois when the matter came before the subcommittee handling individual rights.
Officials here say the new Consultative Council announced by King Fahd last Sunday will expand public participation in government.
The distinction is important not only with regard to these children of the Vietnam War.
Had the authorities known of it, scholars now believe, Lincoln might not have been assassinated.
Facing those contempt charges, the Dinkins administration announced on Nov. 19 that it had little choice but to put 100 families in the Cambridge House and the Belleclaire, at $87 a night per family, or more than $250,000 a month.
Three runs scored after Baltimore starter Rick Sutcliffe walked batters, and a crippling three-run inning was fueled by a Sutcliffe throwing error.
I just want to look at guys for the future."
Until, say, June or July, when the final outlines of legislation become clear, said Sung Won Sohn, head of an advisory panel of the American Bankers Association, the proposals could delay economic revival.
So last December a union was founded to represent privately employed construction workers.
And it stands to lose about half that under a 1963 United States Supreme Court ruling that allocated more water from the Colorado River to Arizona.
The garden, (305) 667-1651, lies between Old Cutler Road and Biscayne Bay in Coral Gables, about six miles south of Miami.
Other gifts the Senator failed to record properly included $17,000 in home improvements paid for by a friend, Dorothy Cook, and the forgiving of loans made to him by former Representative John Dellenback of Oregon, who headed an organization of religious colleges in the 1980's.
There is also no law on freedom of information, similar to those in Czechoslovakia or Germany giving citizens the right to see information on themselves.
The telephone companies are already spending about $20 billion a year on equipment, with much of that investment in fiber optics.
When Poland fell into the Soviet sphere of influence after the war, Paderewski's family decided he would remain buried in the Battleship Maine memorial at Arlington.
Roadside Prophets Written and directed by Abbe Wool; director of photography, Tom Richmond; edited by Nancy Richardson; music by Pray for Rain; production designer, J. Rae Fox; produced by Peter McCarthy and David Swinson; released by Fine Line Features.
"Electric utilities got very overvalued in late 1991 as portfolio managers shifted funds into electrics to hedge their market gains," she said.
In 1865, my great-great-grandfather came here from Holland with absolutely nothing.
A Potent Gun Lobby The Wilder plan has run into strong opposition from the state's gun lobby, which says there is no evidence that strict gun laws reduce crime.
Warren Tompkins, a senior Bush consultant in the South, said, "I'd be less than candid if I said the Perot withdrawal didn't help us in the South."
I could say, when challenged, I am a lawyer at a firm with a name that's difficult to spell.
The scene's calm confirmed what several speakers at the conference said: children are quiet in the morning, making breakfast an easy meal to serve.
On his first goal, he sped by Brian Benning of the Philadelphia Flyers, swept behind the net, shook off Dmitri Yushkevich, then stuffed in the puck.
Classics often pull other titles along, dealers say.
"That sort of thing is now totally unacceptable."
The husband, the novelist and the friend are played by Don Frame, Joseph Vernon and Jeff Hoffman.
There have also been suggestions that Japanese companies may aggressively promote exports to overcome effects of this country's economic slowdown.
officials he was exporting the vehicles to the Middle East through a trading company in Cyprus.
Cone left with one out in the seventh inning after the Dodgers loaded the bases on singles by Hernandez and Brett Butler and a walk to Todd Benzinger.
The procedural skirmishes that mark the opening day of Russian Congresses confirmed that neither the die-hard foes of the Government nor its supporters have enough votes on their own to have their way.
The Emperor's influential cousin, the Duc de Morny, buys his painting "Young Ladies From the Village"; the Emperor invites him to hunt at Rambouillet.
The girl was born March 21 with a partially formed brain stem, which controls breathing and the heartbeat, but no brain cortex, the largest part of the brain.
"Let's not listen to the gloom and doom from all those intense talking heads who are happy only when they say something negative," Mr. Bush said, apparently referring to Mr. Buchanan's career as a television commentator.
One reason is that land costs are much lower than in New York City.
The Guggenheim insists that these qualities will emerge, although the question is how prominently they will figure in the museum's profile.
Also at that hour the pianist Michael Boriskin gives a recital at First Congregational Church of Danbury, his program featuring Ravel, Brahms and an American group including works of Ives, Gershwin, Gottschalk and Carl Ruggles (743-5200).
Just two or three years ago, only a carefully regulated flow of mostly Jewish emigrants were allowed to move to the United States from the Soviet Union.
During his tenure as Governor from 1979 to 1987, Mr. Riley overcame the state Legislature's resistance to his education package by creating a constituency that legislators could not ignore.
The noncallable notes are rated A-1 by Moody's Investors Service Inc. and A+ by Standard & Poor's Corp. * Duquesne Light Co., Pittsburgh, is offering $100 million of 8 3/8 percent first-collateral trust bonds due in 2024 at 98.613 to yield 8.5 percent through Goldman, Sachs & Co. Callable after five years, the bonds are rated Baa-1 by Moody's and BBB+ by S.& P. * Northwest Pipeline Corp., a unit of Williams Cos., Tulsa, Okla., has filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission for a shelf offering of up to $200 million of debt securities.
34 Chin Chin ** Chinese, (212) 888-4555 216 East 49th Street Elegant setting, elevated Chinese food.
Mr. Kneale's stepfather, Ronald Treshan, teaches social studies and physical education at the Bertha Abess Children's Center in Carol City, Fla.
"You told me you will be there when I need you," Mrs. Soldinger said to Mr. Gulotta.
Before using a ladder, examine it for damage.
Mr. Trepanier, Mr. Kulas and Mr. Kaeser bowl regularly in another strong league at T-Bowl Lanes In Newington, the largest duckpin complex in New England, with 48 lanes.
North Jordan M. Lisella .
His dog may not have died, but the author did lose his share of jobs (he even told one boss to shove it), have a bout with drugs and experience plenty of woman trouble.
's Jack Ryan battles terrorists.
BOB GREENE New York The writer toured for many years with his "World of Jelly Roll Morton" concert.
"I don't think there's any question that the customer's expectation of good service and support is elevating," Mr. Kocher said.
The result, in the case of Centel, has been a freewheeling debate, with large money managers firing off press releases regularly.
With the invention of railroads, came "wagons-lits," sleeping cars.
Guests will then go by bus to the Eugene O'Neill Theater for the revue "Five Guys Named Moe."
What we may do is wrong, but it is a way of life!
"The word was that this boy was going to knock me out.
The Indians' 30-man payroll consists of six players with no major league service or one year of it, eight between one and two years, 10 between two and three years, two between three and four years and only four with six or more years.
Roslyn's no-nonsense practicality would, up to a point, gladden conservative hearts everywhere.
"There is no other person in this world beside this defendant," Mr. Vergari said, "who had the means and the opportunity to start this fire."
Thus, our inability to provide the Delacorte was not based on favoritism or other bias.
"A lot of people are lined up to help us: lawyers, judges, the Governor's office, even the Mayor of Wilmington," said Annette Burton, a 51-year-old community college administrator, mother of 10 children and one of two Democratic council members.
It not only highlights the murals but also tells in extensive text panels about the Jewish Theater itself, which in the early years after the Revolution thrived under Government support as a place of raucous comedy and political satire.
Already, outpatient clinics are being expanded and more case managers are being hired.
He graduated magna cum laude from Union College and received an M.B.A. from Columbia University.
At his law office here in Hauppauge today, Mr. Naiburg said that because of Miss Fisher's ill health, she would not be able to testify this week, as scheduled, before a Nassau County grand jury.
A week before the vote, Mr. Vallone and Mr. Dinkins agreed to close an incinerator on Betts Avenue in Queens and eliminate an ash fill planned for Staten Island.
Mario M. Cuomo's decision on whether to sign or veto a legislative redistricting bill.
Donna Karan celebrated the opening of the new headquarters for her DKNY collection with a party.
As the firm grew, Mr. Sacher was able to broaden his musical activities and give financial support to composers in need.
"I don't consider myself a magician," said Harazin.
Compare two movies 50 years apart.
The Islanders, following an Olympic-year tradition, have once again signed a top player off the roster of the United States team.
There was no evidence of nuclear warheads."
It makes you wonder who plays right cornerback for the Jets.
His previous two marriages ended in divorce.
It's a good product that marketing research shows that people want."
"Such a distortion of history," Mr. Wilson writes, "would not have been so serious had it not been used as an excuse for 2,000 years of Christian anti-Semitism."
Cash Contributions Prosecutors have said Mr. Biegen told them, among other things, that he took cash contributions for the 1989 campaign that were not reported as required by law.
These water sprouts are vegetative shoots and are stirred by latent buds on the trunks or limbs.
B7 A round-the-world balloon flight got a new liftoff date.
Tonight's second hour is given to the Arctic; tomorrow brings Central Asia, and Wednesday, Siberia and the Kamchatka Peninsula.
Federal Express shares, which trade on the New York Stock Exchange, closed yesterday at $55.25, up $1.75.
Tax cut promises are rarely something politicians shrink from making.
In 1981, he cast votes in support of various proposals for a constitutional amendment that would outlaw abortion in all cases except to save the life of the mother.
On the stairs a leather wine bag is ground into the sludge.
Some lawmakers have said that despite investigations, none of the companies have been charged with violating export laws.
"They are trained professionals who want to be in their own businesses.
Only then, he says, will change come to Haiti.
Luxor will have 2,521 rooms and will be immediately south of the 4,032-room Excalibur Hotel.
But when electronic communication fails, there are other methods.
All programs begin about 9 P.M. Free.
Genetically encoded substances added to foods would therefore be regulated under F.D.A.
From 1959 until his retirement in 1986, he worked in Manhattan and Paris for Sterling Grace & Company, a New York brokerage concern, and built much of its international investment business.
Recruited by Mr. Ebenhack for his analytical skills, Mr. Cusano is "the lay reader."
The reporter, Alan Little, said in a radio account that some refugees reported that Serbian fighters opened fire on the refugees from positions overlooking the road.
And Libya can still export oil.
Signs of an Increase "Things certainly haven't slowed down," Comdr.
That debt is about $300 million, Orion officials said.
Controversy has dogged the proposed sale since a Federal bankruptcy court in Manhattan shocked all parties involved by approving Thomson-CSF's bid in the spring.
Now it is being pummeled by $18.5 billion of debt, depressed property values and disastrous investments.
Among the dead, tourists, business travelers and two who boarded at the last moment.
He also had a third-inning sacrifice fly and singles in the seventh and ninth innings, lifting his career average against the Twins to .320 -- including .352 at the Metrodome.
For the competition, which is sponsored this year by Visa U.S.A., students will prepare advertising and marketing campaigns intended to increase the use of Visa credit cards among college students.
Mr. Baldwin's choice of attire got as much attention as his playing.
MILITARY Favors cutting $100 billion from military budget during next five years, or about one-third the amount favored by her opponents, under national conversion policy that would provide retraining to former arms-plant workers and loans to start new businesses.
Salomon did not identify the customer.
He died of heart failure, his family said.
But as early as 1974, chemists at the University of Michigan and the University of California at Irvine recognized that hundreds of millions of pounds of the compounds were escaping and accumulating in the atmosphere every year.
As for Central Park, a discreet footnote stated: "We suggest use of the park during daylight hours only."
"All three we've rejected in the past," said John E. McArdle, a spokesman for the State Senate majority leader, Ralph J. Marino, a Long Island Republican.
On Nov. 7 there will be a tour of the Bedford-Stuyvesant neighborhood.
Rivers are silted up because of the runoff from logging, so you can't drink the water.
4, making stops from downtown to Santa Monica the other morning, nobody included these commuters: Juan Ramirez, from El Salvador, who is a mechanic at a Mercedes-Benz shop in Beverly Hills; Maria Ochoa, from Guatemala, who is a maid in Beverly Hills (she was one of several on the bus); Maria Hernandez, from Mexico City, a supervisor at a vegetarian food factory in Hollywood, and Tony Berze, from the Philippines, who said he baked 1,000 cookies a day at the Blue Chip Cookie store in Century City.
Billings were estimated at $1 million.
"When I clean, everything goes right back exactly where it was.
Tonight, every one of you knows deep in your heart that we are too divided.
M. J. Garcia has seen a lot of history.
But he said he was not nailing the coffin shut: he is trying to raise $600,000 to put the orchestra on a secure footing for at least two more seasons.
Concerned about market manipulation by brokers and widespread insider trading, plus no restrictions on the use of leverage, the company says it wants to see better regulation of the market.
"Who knows how long the Delaware and Catskill will last?"
We don't blend the way we used to -- so automatically.
Asked why, he said it was impossible in 83 pages to deal with every issue.
Is the Salvation Army moving into mainstream retailing?
"Some of the most important statements of our life are short: 'I love you' and 'Will you marry me?'
In Hawaii, Mr. Hemmeter had been Mr. Glitz.
By ratifying the compromise choice of Rene Theodore as prime minister next week, Haiti's Parliament can halt the country's steep slide into catastrophe.
He was one of just three Republicans to oppose Defense Secretary Dick Cheney's plan to cancel the Marine Corps' Osprey aircraft and the Navy's F-14D fighter, a major program on Long Island, where the plane is built by the Grumman Corporation.
At the end of the meeting, Mr. Meese asked whether any of the officials knew of anything else to be revealed.
We'll go in there 1-0, undefeated.
Last year, when he took the instructor's preparatory comprehension test for the N.T.E., he gave correct answers to only 10 out of 31 questions; this year he got 21 right.
"That's when I started my garden, my house here," she said.
Pilar Rioja could probably stand on her head, whistle "La Cucaracha" and still draw cheers, so loyal and enthusiastic is the audience she has built up for her Spanish dancing.
If a new virus is eventually identified, a new screening test will be urgently needed.
Coach Ray Handley said today that Phil Simms's right elbow was not responding to treatment as quickly as the Giants had expected, but that he expected the starting quarterback to return this year.
Tonight "MONK'S MOOD: SOLO REFLECTIONS ON THELONIOUS," with Wynton Marsalis, trumpeter; Marcus Roberts, Muhal Richard Abrams, Tommy Flanagan and Kenny Barron, pianists; Don Byron, clarinetist; Clifford Jordan, Craig Handy, Justin Robinson Vincent Herring, Todd Williams and Wes Anderson, saxophonists; Wycliff Gordon, trombonist; Reginald Veal, bass player, and Billy Higgins, drummer.
'Going Through With It' Those in the middle of the surrogacy process say they feel stranded, among them, Mara and Adrian Alexandru of Brooklyn, who after five years of infertility had reluctantly decided that their only hope of having a child was through surrogacy.
The panel's vice chairman, Dr. David E. Rogers, has already criticized the Administration's response.
Elsewhere the members of Fondation Jean-Pierre Perreault, dressed in what look like hip street clothes, come together and split apart in symbolic relationships.
*3*** COMPANY REPORTS ** View Full Article in Timesmachine »
Governor Brown told the delegates how "we pioneered grass-roots Democratic organization."
The water was warm in the western Atlantic but cold in the Norwegian sea, he said, and "we don't know where the ice was when it started to grow."
Its philosophy emphasizes "empowering" the poor through programs like tenant ownership of public housing; establishing enterprise zones and tax incentives for investment in the inner cities, and providing more "individual choice" to citizens through measures such as education vouchers that could be used in public or religious schools.
The jury will hear evidence on Tuesday on the companies' financial situations before determining a formula for awarding the punitive damages.
Asked whether he had exceeded the postage limit, he said he had no way of knowing because his office did not keep track of how much mail he sent out.
9% agreed that God had no part in it.
Nonetheless, having encouraged Kenya's first real election in decades, Americans have particular reason to look hard and carefully at its conduct.
The resulting reduction in administrative burden will be so large that the carrier expects to save $25 million annually by reassigning about 600 employees to other tasks.
Or rather one school after another, since his habit of voicing his family's unorthodox political views in class, or organizing his fellow kindergarten students into cadres, invariably gets him thrown out the door.
His mother said: "My son cooperated.
He is survived by his wife of 58 years, Virginia L. Knowlton of Millbrook; a daughter, Susan R. Orcutt of Oxford, N.Y.; a son, Paul H. Knowlton of Bangor, Me., and three grandchildren.
There are plenty of problems.
Having chosen a management expert to handle New York City's problem of homelessness, Mayor David N. Dinkins has turned to someone whose strength is advising poorly run companies and solving governmental troubles.
So do grass clippings if not piled too thickly and the lawn has not been treated with an herbicide.
But I, I -- you know, for me, I think the Bible teaches compassion and love.
The state could help pay for the period of time that the individual is in training by providing health insurance while the employer pays a minimum wage.
Sure, you like to go toward the light.
Thomas believes that he and Alfred were switched during a hospital fire.
The other target is smog and toxic chemical emissions.
Next Sunday afternoon at 3, the violinist (and artistic director) Helen Armstrong, with two of her frequent colleagues, the cellist Warren Lash and the pianist Kazuko Hayami, are bringing their ensemble expertise to the new theater at Norwalk Community College.
"It's a way to increase accountability," said one South American official.
HERIBERTO OCASIO Berkeley, Calif., Oct. 20, 1992 The writer is national spokesman for the Committee to Support the Revolution in Peru.
In many countries -- Spain, Italy, Germany and Japan, among others -- films are routinely dubbed rather than subtitled.
In 1928, 153 East 63d Street was bought by Charles Lanier Lawrance, who developed the engine used by Charles A. Lindbergh and Amelia Earhart in their historic flights.
A9 A gunfight gives an impression of a Nicaraguan leader under siege.
"It would have made a lot of noise," said Jon Tracosas, executive vice president and general manager.
The question of whether hotels can bar underage guests has recently become a subject for debate in the hotel industry, according to Ken Hine, president of the American Hotel and Motel Association, which has organized a task force to propose legislation "that would protect all interests," in his words.
City of Tulsa, Okla., $50 million of general-obligation bonds.
"She can comprehend what I think is a good argument.
The transaction was approved last week by the league, but there are a few more legal details to complete.
The wreck of the Adventure Airlines flight led to renewed calls for tighter regulation of the busy airspace over the Grand Canyon.
"We can't say we were tired because we got stronger as the game progressed."
Today Mr. Curry, the Transportation Department official in charge of setting fuel efficiency standards and otherwise regulating the auto industry, said putting this burden on an independent panel had been a "cowardly approach."
1 P.M. Also on Aug. 22, same time.
The expansion Lightning (10-17-2), in last place in the Norris Division, lost its fourth straight and ninth in 10 games.
The company makes monitoring equipment for hospital patients and other products.
Lawmakers amended the budget, again over Mr. Florio's objections, on Sept. 14 to protect state troopers, marine police, prison guards and other employees who provide a direct service to the public from layoffs.
The following fixed-income issues are scheduled this week: TAXABLE ONE DAY THIS WEEK Conner Peripherals Inc., $300 million of convertible subordinated debentures, due in 2002.
With nonpolarized plugs, the placement of the wiring does not matter.
It had been a long time since the last suitor who had pleased her.
After World War II, Mr. Roditi served as a translator at the Nuremberg war crimes trials.
" The group will spend $1.9 million on the safety program this year, from a total budget of $4.5 million.
(With a 24-hour kitchen, this is what he eats?)
"That is clearly against the law in both the current and the proposed statute."
Vaclav Klaus, Prime Minister of the Czech region of Czechoslovakia, said he would seek more details on the proposals from United States officials.
has reduced its work force by 25 percent.
My mother was mad, but I was good with the trucks."
After a steady stream of layoffs last fall and winter, a new optimism is taking hold in executive suites across the country.
BATTLE OF WILLS "Crazy Horse and Three Stars" by David Wiltse, the new workshop production at Long Wharf Theater in New Haven, describes a battle of wills between Crazy Horse, leader of the Lakota nation, and three-star Gen. George Crook during the Indian wars of the 19th century.
For some, part of the charm of being abroad is that, when it is all over, the expatriate's heart says it is possible to simply leave and go back "home," as colonial powers did in what is called the third world.
Ms. Lyons, 34 years old, is keeping her name.
Dr. Klineberg, a renowned social psychologist, was a lifelong critic and debunker of racial superiority theories, whether propounded by Nazis, white Southerners or black extremists.
But as Bill Clinton, the Democratic Presidential contender, discovered not long ago, the rules of engagement are slightly different in New York.
Even then we argued that "American aid and support are not open-ended and will not continue indefinitely."
Sensibly, Mr. Bush conditions the aid on the recipient republics following through with reforms.
Yesterday, chartered buses and vans accompanied by private security guards shuttled replacement drivers in and out of the distribution sites, passing through lines of union workers who spat, hurled rocks and shouted taunts at them.
They are calling for a full-scale audit of Empire and greater state oversight of its finances.
The diesel-like smell is apparently too strong for a deer's taste.
In fact, fruitful blending took place in the period after World War II, with millions of ethnically mixed couples getting married and more than one million citizens declaring their nationality to be "Yugoslav."
United by their culture, their church and fealty to the Czar, Russians have never known a nation-state in the West European sense.
The Yanks will hold three days of meetings in New York beginning Sept. 22 to haggle over which players should be on their protected list.
A Virginia company is producing a mobile factory that allows crews of 15 or less to manufacture and erect a steel building in a single day.
"The black businesses would hire blacks to work for them.
A Three-County Start Structuring the training to available jobs would eliminate the problem in some training programs of producing skills no employers wants.
What's so depressing about the possibility of dying of carpeting is that it makes you realize you can't save yourself even though you stop eating and drinking.
As a person who has lost family members to lung cancer, I'd want to know before donating whether a charity takes tobacco money.
Davis said the most difficult adjustment for him so far had been the physical style of play.
"In October, we are going to have a national mobilization," including a mass rally in Quito, said Jose Maria Cabascango, a leader of the Confederation of Indigenous Nationalities of Ecuador, which says it represents the nation's estimated two million Indians.
The Stafford Student loan program lends about $14.5 billion to 4.7 million students.
"They're just trying to defend their office without any concern for the individual.
The Lotus Development Corporation, the software maker, said today that it was consolidating the management of its development team.
The minor lineup shuffle went relatively unnoticed because the Yankees exploded for eight runs in the seventh and eighth innings and went on to grab a 10-4 victory over the Royals, ending a six-game losing streak and avoiding being swept at Royals Stadium for the first time since July 1978.
They've done all the talking they're likely to do for a while.
None of it fit together."
And their parents are reluctant to let them out of their sight.
In the fall of 1990, he bowed out of a planned visit to Poland, where he was to present a collection of Lincoln speeches and writings translated into Polish.
Members of that city's news media never forgave him for firing the team's president and general manager, Tal Smith, in 1980.
In short, most of the copies at Slater are copies of copies.
Robert D. Kennedy, Union Carbide's chairman and chief executive, said that the company was looking for a buyer for Union Carbide India to provide new battery technology and additional jobs.
They sipped from their glasses and watched the last formally attired guests stroll toward the tent for dinner and dancing.
Westinghouse, led yesterday by the 28 points of a slippery, irrepressible, 5-9 point guard, Ed Smith, was 14-5 and tied for first place in its Brooklyn Division with John Jay.
The nation's total output of semiconductors for 1991 was valued at $2.3 billion, or 3.8 percent of world supply, according to the Korea Semiconductor Industry Association.
Mr. Fox said the guard said he did not see any of the robbers, but, based on their whispering, he believed that five or six people were involved.
"Let's be fair," wrote Leonid Skoptsov in the newspaper Nezavisimaya Gazeta.
Jean-Louis Scherrer had the clever idea of taking Africa as his theme.
John Mitchell, a bank spokesman, said that by 1994 staff members expected to complete the 85 country reviews now planned.
It is Gingrich who makes that cauldron of irritability boil over.
The Presley stamp is the first in a series, called Legends of American Music, honoring other rock stars like Buddy Holly; country and western singers like Patsy Cline and Hank Williams and rhythm and blues singers like Dinah Washington and Otis Redding.
"They need to open people's minds, build a center or something."
As chaplain at Yale University, then as pastor of the Riverside Church in Manhattan and finally as the leader of a group promoting disarmament, he opposed the war in Vietnam, American support for the contras in Nicaragua, the invasions of Grenada and Panama, and the war in the Persian Gulf.
Like commercials and music videos, "Delicatessen" relies on visual flair and quickly paced mini-stories.
Discounters like the Kmart Corporation and Wal-Mart Stores Inc. represent 30 percent of the retail market.
"I can feel myself shrinking," says Poppy, who stifles her discontent with classical music and gin, and by looking after her lively toddler-grandson while her daughter-in-law runs for public office.
The False Claims Act lets citizens press suits, on behalf of the Federal Government, against those who submit fraudulent claims to a Government agency.
The study, sponsored by the American Council on Education, found that 27.7 percent of the students surveyed chose colleges based on low tuition, compared with 23.4 percent in 1990.
Revenue from the project is likely to be at the low end of that scale because recent heavy rains have helped to fill Santa Barbara's reservoirs again.
But Mr. Chertoff vowed today to press on with the investigation.
Dr. George J. Brooke of the University of Manchester in England said, "We are still a long way from firm historical knowledge of the origin of the scrolls."
The society will pay veterinarians directly.
"You have to be careful," he said.
Derrick Lassic ran for 117 yards, including touchdowns of 5 and 15 yards.
Look at the misery index when the Democrats had both the White House and the -- and the Congress.
Mr. Lewis was born in San Francisco and was brought up in nearby towns, including Red Bluff and Sebastopol.
's performance was an indication that people are looking through earnings and taking comfort that things will get better, some traders said.
Now that long-term rates have fallen so sharply, homeowners are refinancing their mortgages.
"Themes such as family, love and romance are universal, therefore they are found in virtually all music if you look," he said.
And as Charles Mann, the Redskins' defensive end, said, "I'm sure the field is not in good shape after what we did it to it last week."
The French are worth about $30."
B8 Philadelphia Journal: Coat for the homeless is shelter, too.
Mr. Tiryakian said that the request would probably be rejected.
Because the general manager will name the coach, this leaves the future of Coach Al Arbour in question.
Looking ahead to the 1836 election, Andrew Jackson, a Democrat and the seventh President, signaled the new era of popular democracy: "It is certain that whatever party makes the President, must give direction to his administration -- no chief magistrate in this country can become a dictator -- no one can carry on this Government without support -- and the head of it must rely for support on the people by whose suffrage he is elected."
Avis Inc. and the National Car Rental System, which had already been using mobile data terminals in their parking lots to speed up rental-car returns, are now using the Ardis and RAM networks to allow customers to take out cars by simply brushing their credit cards through special terminals on airport shuttle buses or in parking lots.
But he eventually decided that buying the standard models built by other manufacturers was more practical.
Fourth-quarter earnings fell 18.3 percent, to $192 million, or $2.47 a share, compared with $235 million, or $3.50 a share, in the corresponding period last year.
His first job at Rhone-Poulenc in 1976, managing its American herbicide business, was the most directly applicable to the challenges faced at Ecogen.
His challenger, Emil Constantinescu, a dean at Bucharest University, had 39.5 percent.
Shortly afterward, United Nations officials said, the control tower in Sarajevo received a call from a person purporting to represent Serbian forces, taking responsibility for the attack because the plane was aiding their enemies, the Muslims and Croats.
The spot, created by Telezign Computer Animation/Design in New York, has images of digital clocks intercut with rapidly flashing shots of people's eyes, as an announcer says, "Every eight minutes, a life is lost to AIDS."
Also included is Mr. Landers's 1991 wall calendar, which documents his poor work habits, fiscal despair, anxiety about his work and decision to change galleries.
"We saw the handwriting on the wall," Ms. Evangelista said about relying on the sale of Bend-Ems based on Disney characters.
"We're talking directly to Bill," Walsh said.
"This doesn't help our cause at all," said Mark Messier, who returned late from a golfing minivacation at Hilton Head, S.C., with Brian Leetch, Adam Graves and Mike Richter and did not practice today.
But the configuration still seemed strange.
He ruled out any intervention by Russia: "To get in on the side of Abkhazia and fight with Georgian soldiers would be insanity."
This film has no rating.
Calm returned to Wall Street, with the Dow up 4.05 points at 3,232.22, but the broader market down.
Salad Farah Gutali, the health minister of a United Somali Congress faction who was at the port on Friday.
Mr. Vallone still dominates the agenda, holding back the bills of dissenters and advancing those of his loyalists.
He has accepted one of two offers to publish his monograph and the 43-year-old Mr. Skalsky -- he took the scenic route to higher education -- is to receive a master's degree in May.
Consider the Professor Tyson's initial meeting with Governor Clinton last August when she and four other economists were invited to come and talk about the economy for two and a half hours.
Bob Valentino, a transit police spokesman, said the fatal shot was fired by a young man who, along with two women between 16 and 20 years old, approached Mr. Young and demanded money.
COLUMBIA GAS SYSTEM INC., Wilmington, Del., a natural gas holding company, said its Columbia Gas Transmission Co. had received an extension from a bankruptcy court judge giving it until July 28 to file a reorganization plan.
Others, raising a politically delicate issue, say the figures were purposely inflated in favor of the mostly Muslim north against the south and east, which are predominantly Christian.
Three years ago, Henderson carried the A's virtually by himself, batting .400 in five games against Toronto, getting on base 13 times and stealing 8 bases.
Ristorante Medioevo, 4 Via dei Priori; 813068.
THE ECONOMY The economy grew by a weak 1.4 percent in the second quarter and the 1990-1991 recession was longer and deeper than at first believed, the Government said.
The properties of his music and of her particular talents form one of the productive musical symbioses of our generation.
Care has clearly been taken.
While they are at the museum, the cleanup crew will go over P.S.
But now grasscycling is a win-win situation.
Buyers of all new Volkswagens are automatically covered; no separate application or screening process is required, the company said.
Our Bridge to the Past At night in Manhattan the present seems to recede, and the past becomes almost tangible, according to Luc Sante in this excerpt from "Low Life: Lures and Snares of Old New York" (Farrar, Straus & Giroux).
Rise in Banditry But against this backdrop of new-found expression, there is increased banditry in the city and countryside, mostly by destitute members of the demobilized, 500,000-member Mengistu army.
John and Daniel had been born on the same day, were breast-fed together, raised together and had actually become close friends.
A SKATER FIGHTS FOR HER RIGHTS For Laurie Palmer, skating down the street on her Rollerblades has been an aerobic release from her duties as a mother, grandmother and intensive-care nurse.
"Being a good neighbor just seems like the right thing to do.
Of the five principal parties to the peace talks -- Israel, Syria, Lebanon, Jordan and the Palestinians -- only the Jordanians and Palestinians showed up.
Information: Landmark Trust, Shottesbrooke, Maidenhead, Berkshire SL6 3SW, England; telephone (628) 825925.
Bake them for 15 to 20 minutes, until they are golden.
"But the music couldn't be forbidden," he said.
"On the other hand, we're so big and the money involved is so large."
Ford recently raised the rebates on 1992-model Town Cars to $2,000 from $1,250 to spur sales of those cars, which range from $32,000 to $37,000.
Since then he has served on the faculties of Yale, New York University and the Juilliard School of Music, and he has been a composer and arranger for Broadway shows and television.
The company also said it was offering a new discount schedule for A.T.& T.'s International Pro WATS Service that would allow small businesses to qualify for volume discounts that were previously available only to higher-volume users.
Fine, chief market analyst at the Chase Manhattan Corporation.
Motoko Obayashi was Japan's highest scorer with 10 points, while Daiva Tomkus of West Hills, Calif., scored the most points for the United States with 11.
The current ensemble that plays under that name was started by some of Mr. Weinstock's students.
"We've agreed on terms of the contract," LoCasale said.
Phar-Mor filed for protection from creditors under Chapter 11 of the Federal bankruptcy laws earlier this year.
But the right-hander, whose status will be updated Tuesday, took it pretty much in stride after taking it off the forearm.
That's what America's all about.
Profits from exploration and production carried the New York-based company in the quarter.
The Powerbook 140, 145 and 170 models, which are made by Apple, are not affected.
A lot of what people interpreted as bad management was deliberate on Jerry's part.
Both sides then said they would reach an agreement within a month that would require the trash haulers to work a more complete workday by extending their collection routes.
The sprawling timbered getaways they built down private dirt roads and along secluded lake shores throughout the Adirondacks were Bridesheads in disguise and the most prized hunting trophies of all.
That is in part because of how he grew up, friends say.
"It means that society has ceded control to those it has accused of violating its laws.
Stephen P. Bauman officiated at Christ Church United Methodist.
Everything was studied and precise, as humorless and severe as Ms. Chapman's recent records.
Judges continue to fear the reprisals of the Shining Path even with the capture this month of the rebel organizaton's leader, Abimael Guzman Reynoso -- which has left many hopeful that the guerrillas can be defeated.
We know that," Brock Adams, a Democrat and the state's senior United States Senator, said of Vincent and Greenberg.
Mr. Malek did not dispute that the tone of the meeting was contentious, but he sought to put a good face on his experience.
"This year we play 16 games," Coslet said, pausing for effect.
Justice Egitto ordered that it be provided.
But Mr. Perelman has returned to the market three more times to sell National Health's stock, garnering more than $1.2 billion.
Whether Mr. D'Amato wins or loses the election, the minor miracle is that he seems to have won the campaign, in which he has kept Mr. Abrams on the defensive at every step of the way.
He met with Manager Buck Showalter and said that he had apologized for his tardiness.
Like everyone else, he could only watch.
Jackson has come to the conclusion there is only an upside to his constant portrayal of the Knicks as unworthy of the Bulls' throne.
Ms. Quatrano, who is 29 years old and is keeping her name, is a teacher at the Mount Tamalpais School in Mill Valley, Calif. She and her husband graduated from Princeton University.
THE TIMES ATLAS OF THE WORLD, NINTH COMPREHENSIVE EDITION.
Parents and teachers and all who contribute to the upbringing and education of our young owe them accurate information about AIDS.
She received treatment twice during the match.
The industry peaked in 1978, when sales per square foot of retail space averaged $197 a year, according to Management Horizons.
The first, Livel Mechanical and Equipment Corporation, reflects his plumbing and sewer work, which continues.
Mr. Catapano is selective in the evidence he cites.
Frain was expected to make his debut for the Rams after transferring from Texas Christian University.
He gave Carole Marks of Winchester, Mass., his own socks and waterproof pants.
There were other skeletons in Mr. Rabin's closet, though, and as the campaign got rolling, an increasingly desperate Likud dragged out old allegations that Mr. Rabin has a drinking problem and that he suffered a dangerous breakdown just before the 1967 war.
Wilkins has a thankless job against the Bulls, playing Michael Jordan or Pippen on defense, then being asked to score on offense.
Mrs. Clinton co-signed two bank notes when her husband borrowed $100,000 for his last campaign from a small bank whose chairman used to head the state Democratic Party, according to public records.
The Committee of Interns and Residents, which represents the city's resident doctors, said Dr. Anyakora was being made a scapegoat for the ills of Harlem Hospital, which nearly lost its accreditation late last year.
On three days recently, Abraham & Straus gave its charge card holders $20 back for every $100 of merchandise they charged to their A & S cards.
Dr. Sarah Frances Covert, a daughter of Mr. and Mrs. Roger A.
's Office of Policy Analysis, a refiner in danger of exceeding its pollution limits might place an advertisement in the newspaper listing what it would pay for various kinds and vintages of cars and, having made the purchases, would apply the resulting credits to its own "account."
Mr. Charles is a 46-year-old Haitian immigrant with a law degree from Tulane University and a master's degree in social work from Columbia University.
What he doesn't say is how candidates of modest means are to raise money.
The tension between score and production was heightened by the various personalities who shaped Monday night's introductory performance.
And Mr. Dunbar, who is married with a daughter and a stepson, sounds nonetheless awestruck by the mysteries of the opposite sex when he speaks about the central question of "Hear My Song": "What is it about the fact that a tenor can get on the stage and sing and a woman would cry?
The championship game was a disheartening culmination for the 54-year-old Webster, who compiled a 478-285 record, making him the winningest coach in New England Division I and II history.
The Klan asked to display a 10-foot-high white wooden cross -- about the same size as the steel menorah -- from Dec. 20 to Dec. 30.
For those who have frequent or especially severe outbreaks, acyclovir may be given continuously to suppress the virus, with a break in the medication routine every six months to see if it is still needed.
Mayor Dinkins promised to freeze New York City's general corporate taxes for four years.
Michael Ottey, a reporter with The Asbury Park Press in New Jersey, told editors he was offended by a spate of photographs in the newspaper showing black male suspects being led away in handcuffs.
University and, in 1926, the University of Cincinnati School of Medicine.
Then what about the question of the Mets ever having signed Coleman?
September silver settled half a cent lower at $3.948 an ounce in lackluster trading.
New industry was brought here during the Soviet era, particularly during World War II, as Moscow moved its weapons production east, out of the range of advancing German troops.
Consider the example of person looking at an approaching city bus.
The Russian bomb designers, many of whom had never before met a Westerner, treated Dr. Agnew like a god, some happy just to be near him, some eager to be photographed with him.
"I certainly wasn't shocked by the behavior of the men.
In an industry known for nasty rivalries, G.M.
Farms with less than 10 employees, the majority of all farms, also do not have to comply with Federal health and safety laws.
The hosts, among others, were Pepsi Cola and the American Telephone and Telegraph Company.
With no hope of scientific exploration he took a reasonable stab at six diamonds.
"This is where World War II was planned, and we need to be very careful and serious when we plan its future use."
I just couldn't bear the savagery."
The new "Tom Jones" is a director's cut made by Mr. Richardson, who died in November, for a theatrical re-release in 1989.
Oscar Wilde, whose spirit permeates "Dame Edna Everage and the Rise of Western Civilisation: Backstage With Barry Humphries," was first.
All those fans with that sense of history hold their breath whenever a Ranger crumples to the ice.
The wine was aged in French oak, but only a third of it in new wood.
" Later, he acknowledged California Angels Manager Buck Rodgers, who continues his recovery from injuries suffered in a team bus accident on the New Jersey Turnpike in May.
While many farmers own the land they work and are committed to harvesting from it for the long term, it is often not in their economic interest to invest in conservation or restoration.
"There was overwhelming evidence, but the jury identified with the white police officer," he said.
Up to the microphone, to deliver the keynote address, strides Mario M. Cuomo.
He was gone a lot and was moody.
To get treated early, we need the doctors, we need the support."
Some are new, but most are second-hand vehicles, purchased or stolen abroad and often sold here for less than $6,000 apiece.
Hyacinths, too, have a way of performing best if new bulbs are planted every other year or so.
The two he most often notes are education legislation that included a toughening of requirements for the state's teachers, and a modest program to encourage those on welfare who were able to work to do so.
will now be able to reduce the cabin crew from four to three.
The tone was set when Kamal Latham, the student body president, greeted Mr. Clinton at the door and told him that although he was running for President, Mr. Latham already was a president.
Mr. Fischer spent all day on the witness stand as the first prosecution witness at the trial of the au pair, Olivia Riner, who is charged with the arson murder of Mr. Fischer's daughter, Kristie.
"Employees appreciated the intimacy," said Sharon Destephano, a spokeswoman for Jacoby & Meyers, the legal firm, which last year held small dinners instead of a large party for all the employees.
But when Dr. Alvarez got to court, the evidence showed that his arrest had in fact been orchestrated by U.S. agents.
The National Basketball Association has said it is looking into the matter, and has asked Jordan not to comment until he provides the league with requested information.
Yesterday the Council approved a resolution calling on the U.N. Secretary General to ask the U.S. to grant amnesty to all Puerto Rican political prisoners.
On other commodity markets, oil futures rose, natural gas tumbled, and grains and soybeans as well as livestock and meat futures were mixed.
Thomas, the engine featured on PBS's "Shining Time Station," is positioned outside the Enid A. Haupt Conservatory, courtesy of the "Shining Time Station" production company.
Having family and friends "within eyeshot" would help provide for the young woman's comfort, she said.
And the magazine's goals are no less romantic.
In the first case, city officials expressed concern today that another acquittal could result in more violence, and they expressed hope that an urban jury would convict Mr. Powell.
Taxes Often Become Permanent Once imposed, punitive taxes often become permanent.
Mr. Stuart told the police that he and his pregnant wife were shot by a black man.
Mr. Rosenquist based his imagery on clippings from magazine advertisements and illustrations, which he would arrange and crop sometimes in ways that completely obscured the sources.
Charles O'Connor in Germantown, Pa., and Vincent O'Connor of Massapequa, L.I.
"It would be unpopular to write this," he said with a smile.
"X" (Gramavision R2-79470; two CD's) was performed first in Philadelphia in 1985, then in revised form in New York in 1986.
But residents of Crestone and the surrounding San Luis Valley complain that the missions flown by Colorado Air National Guard planes destroy the quiet of these Colorado wilds, creating the atmosphere of a war zone.
"Those are the ages when kids have to make serious choices," the 23-year-old Moore explained.
All calls will now be cast in concrete.
Grandtravel will send its 60-page catalogue or its tips leaflet free: Grandtravel, 6900 Wisconsin Avenue, Suite 706, Chevy Chase, Md.
Increase oven to 350 degrees.
"You're in a big steel hull and you're floating.
Mr. Betti, 32 years old, said he had found it after telling a broker he was looking for something that had been repossessed, was in foreclosure or was being offered for sale by a corporate relocation company.
Yet ethical questions are not restricted to journalists on junkets.
Most of the evidence linking General Ortega and his bodyguards to the killing is in the report of a 1991 investigation by three Venezuelan police experts, who came here at the request of the National Assembly.
Shortly after Mr. Bush won the Presidency in November 1988, a State Department strategist drafted a paper for the President-elect urging that the United States take a fresh approach to the region.
Among the 11 major states whose labor-market figures were individually published today, only Texas experienced a change of clear statistical significance.
Indeed, it is by no means certain that Afghanistan can be easily welded together at all.
Charles E. Schumer, Democrat of Brooklyn and a member of the House subcommittee on international law, immigration and refugees, said in an interview today that he would try to get legislation to the floor of the House in the next two weeks to grant "temporary protected status" to Haitians.
Hydro-Quebec officials concede that methyl mercury will continue to be a problem for 25 to 30 years at LaGrande and, if it is flooded, Great Whale.
The ability of the franc to hold up against speculative pressure in coming days will foretell the future of the Exchange Rate Mechanism, said Robin Hubbard, an economist at Paribas Capital Markets, the investment arm of Banque Paribas, the French banking company.
Now there are the New Clios.
"Think about those women 90 years ago, who died in jail on hunger strikes for their rights," Ms. Narducci said.
Her father is a partner in the Birmingham law firm of Bainbridge, Mims & Rogers.
He is little better than a decaying corpse.
BETH B. HESS Mendham, N.J., April 6, 1992
"I'm just trying to make it through lunch."
Stilya, 34 Rue Ksour (in the medina), Marrakesh; 443587.
Aardvarks, he explained, were African mammals, not North American ones.
"No one really knows what the ultimate costs will be, and you may have to pay to maintain a site and guard it for a long, long time," said Mr. Fuss.
The opera is the most expensive commission in the history of the Met (Mr. Glass was paid $325,000) and only the second new work the house has presented in 26 years, coming just a year after the first, John Corigliano's "Ghosts of Versailles."
She said a drastic reduction could increase the birth rate of the remaining deer.
In 1991, sales of luxury boats dropped 70 percent from 1990's level, while overall boat sales fell 18 percent.
The exotic is to be found in many of the more fantastical Fauve works and in the African-masklike "Blue Nude," set in a lush wilderness.
The group evacuated five staff members to Nairobi because "the situation is very tense and we're just not taking any chances."
The People Families Fall Apart Under the Strain People here routinely tell of economic stresses that match the worst of urban ghettos.
Mr. Russell lives with his sister on Staten Island.
"We are concerned because we understand so little about what is known," said Dr. John Adamson, director of the New York Blood Center.
Dianne Feinstein, a former Mayor of San Francisco, was projected the winner by a comfortable margin over the Republican incumbent, John Seymour, who was appointed to the Senate seat vacated when Pete Wilson was elected Governor.
His advice to investors is that they "need not be in a big hurry to get in."
Cuban imports, including music and musicians, have been outlawed for the last 30 years by the United States as trade with an enemy.
That index relies on a combination of 167 separate factors, ranging from such conventional tools as market price-earnings ratios (now high, and therefore negative) to the number of bullish ads in Barron's (now neutral) and the trend of the leading economic indicators (now rising, and positive).
She escaped from state prison in 1979 and was last reported living in Cuba.
But unlike the two other major Presidential candidates, the 62-year-old Mr. Perot has refused to disclose any information about his health.
General Electric has instead said that it reported the matter to the United States Government as soon as the company became aware of possible wrongdoing in December 1990.
In Cafe Roma at Caesars, where he is entitled to a free meal, Mr. Chow pointed to the menu listings for creole gumbo and steak.
Farmers who join the state agricultural exemption program pay reduced taxes -- a rate set across the state for farmland, based on soil quality -- by agreeing to farm the land continuously for the next eight years.
The Liberal Democrats bet correctly that once the sales tax was in place people would just get used to it.
Neither knows what to do next, yet neither wants to let go of the other.
Such tax breaks also give schools an advantage in finding foreign joint-venture partners, a practice the Government has supported by giving swift approvals.
NASA also distributed spectacular Hubble Space Telescope photographs of another of its prime exhibits, a peculiar galaxy named Arp 220.
stands for Electronic Data Systems, the company Mr. Perot founded in 1962 and sold in 1986 to the General Motors Corporation.
In the laborers' world of reduced expectations, a windfall is a three-month or four-month job.
POLICE SERGEANT RETURNED TO PAYROLL A police sergeant indicted on charges of hitting a Brooklyn community leader and beating her son was restored to the police payroll.
Mr. Trotz, 23, graduated magna cum laude from Brown University.
The commission, led by Andrew Cuomo, head of HELP, a notable nonprofit program to house the homeless, heard testimony from scores of witnesses and organized its own research.
In the younger grades, some children may respond by acting out in the classroom, neglecting their homework or withdrawing into themselves.
(Farrar, Straus & Giroux, $20.)
The Army's report, which is 80 pages long, describes the taking of Kuwaitis and others as hostages and their forcible deportation; the torture, rape and murder of civilians; the looting of cultural property; the launching of Scud missiles against cities rather than specific military targets, and the destruction of property, including the sabotage of oilfields and the release of oil into the Persian Gulf.
Punch was founded in 1841 and its early contributors included William Makepeace Thackeray and Sir John Tenniel, illustrator of "Alice in Wonderland."
He uses an electric drill with a special hollow bit to slice the kernels off corn on the cob.
It was a logarithmic scale.
But over the last six months, and in particular over the last 11 weeks, Mr. Dinkins has engineered a remarkable turnaround, demonstrating on an array of issues that he is seizing control of his government.
"Sinking more innocent children deeper into poverty will not help solve a bigger problem: producing productive adults," said Richard P. Nathan, director of the Nelson A. Rockefeller Institute of Government in Albany.
An unusual level of secrecy has been maintained around Mr. Brady's visit, but there has been widespread speculation that he will be trying to work out financial measures to lift American exports.
"The editorial in the magazine for a while was getting fairly routine, but that's been reversed," said Herbert Shiroff, president of the Mantis Manufacturing Company, which uses the magazine to advertise a small rototiller.
Both men run down the icy track, the driver jumps in when he senses he no longer can push it faster, then the brakeman hops aboard.
Francis Sayre performed the Episcopal ceremony at the Old Whaling Church in Edgartown, Mass.
But the vote did not entirely eradicate the uncertainty created two weeks ago by Denmark's surprise rejection of the treaty.
From time to time along his trek, Mr. Joshi has called for striking what he says are training bases in Pakistan for Kashmiri guerrillas.
They worry that normal aging among men will come to be viewed as a deficiency disease, and that men will be cajoled into taking expensive and potentially hazardous treatments they do not really need.
For example, the $24 billion Western program of assistance announced last week was reported as aid to Russia, with little attention to Ukraine's share in it.
I then picked up some carrots, turnips and snow peas to make a quick and inexpensive vegetable dish on the side.
Some of this suburban angst was foreseen by the Roman Emperor Constantine in 321 A.D., and by the Puritans 13 centuries later.
However, it remains an open-ended liability for Delaware North.
Overall, including the proposed new taxes, the city expects tax revenue growth of only 1.4 percent next year, or $243 million on a base of $17 billion, far below the 8 and 10 percent annual growth of a few years ago.
The motion to remove Judge Sarokin was filed by the Liggett Group, Loew's Theaters Inc.; R. J. Reynolds Tobacco Inc., Philip Morris and the Tobacco Institute.
During closing arguments in Milwaukee County Circuit Court today, his lawyer, Gerald Boyle, described Mr. Dahmer as an insane "steamrolling killing machine" whose necrophilia had driven him to slay his victims, all of them boys or young men.
"I kind of fell in love with her when I first saw her," he said.
The superintendent, Lucille M. Richardson, said the clustering was contrary to board policy and was not occurring in any of the city's 30 other elementary schools.
Mr. Meinhold, 30 years old, was given an honorable discharge from the Navy last August, three months after he announced on a national television program that he is gay.
Tough Talk by Germany The toughest language of the opening session of the talks came from Germany's Foreign Minister, Klaus Kinkel, who accused the Serbs, sitting across the table, of genocide and warned them that they would keep no land.
"I wanted to find authors who are involved with their movements," said Michael Ford, the editor of the series, called "Speaking Out."
But Wainwright also pokes merciless fun at himself.
Mr. Stern asked about a report that Miss Fisher had been seen at his house.
This is when the garden's space constraints and budget limits should take over.
For while most would be delighted if Detroit made better cars and Joe Sixpack put aside a few cases for a rainy day, it is not clear that Americans' short horizons are the result of impatience or profligacy.
Ms. Uecker sang in a tone round, soft and occasionally blurred in texture.
"It makes forming an alliance later on so much harder."
By keeping 85 percent ownership of the subsidiary, analysts noted, A.T.& T. would continue to reap financial rewards.
'Ran Very Game' Jolie's Halo was making only his second start since returning in July from a layoff of more than seven months.
It contains Mr. Kureishi's three produced screenplays and four essays, including one, "The Rainbow Sign," in which he remembers growing up in an increasingly racist England as the son of a Pakistani father and an English mother.
Also included in the proposed capital improvement plan are bridge improvements and the addition of a third track on the Harlem Line between Mount Vernon and Crestwood, a route traveled by 23,000 people a day.
The 1992 Long Island Gardening Calendar is ready.
The other neighborhoods that would lose eligibility are Community Boards 2, 6 and 9 in Brooklyn, including Fort Greene-Boerum Hill, Crown Heights, Carroll Gardens, Cobble Hill and Red Hook; in Manhattan, Community Board 4, including Chelsea and Clinton; in Queens, Community Board 14, the Rockaways, and in Staten Island, Community Board 1.
The new situation devised for Mr. Newhart is cleverly rooted in up-to-the-minute pop culture.
With a giant productivity problem no one really knows how to solve, and an even bigger political problem.
I let it all out."
"But Joe Gambino has known for all his life that no matter how hard he worked or how honest he was, people would look at him and his name -- Gambino -- and say, 'That's Mafia.'
Unlike the reigning anchors, with their Savile Row suits and palpable air of authority, Mr. Sawyer, with his long face, slightly droopy hazel eyes, low voice and understated delivery, projects a warm, approachable image.
Mr. Clinton came under heavy fire from an array of Republican speakers today, who accused him of being a failed Governor, a secret taxer and spender, a man who sought to avoid the draft, and a leader utterly unequipped to conduct American foreign policy.
Being on welfare in Marshalltown seems less the hassle it can be in big cities.
She finished far ahead of 35-year-old Cindy Greiner (6,223) and Kym Carter (6,200), who also made the Olympic team.
On the folk-music circuit, Loudon Wainwright 3d offers a solo stint at the Turning Point in Piermont on Thursday at 7:30 and 10 P.M. On Friday at the same times, Cliff Eberhardt appears in a solo gig.
As guides, Mr. Vredenburgh has been using his Grandfather Marks's diary and a book, "The Last of the Covered Bridge Builders," by Milton S. Graton of Ashland, N.H., who is regarded by covered bridge buffs as the master builder.
"You might as well be in Des Moines," grumped John C. White, a lawyer and former Democratic Party national chairman.
So, he was forced to be brilliant just to catch up to the other stars of the Class of '92.
MILL RIVER INN 160 Mill River Road, Oyster Bay; (516) 922-7768.
It was hard not to."
Even Michael Jordan (21 points) was shackled by New York's relentless defense.
A new weapon has been developed for the cola wars: a supermarket self-service soda-bottling machine.
He refused to have his photograph taken anywhere near them.
Some believe that permitting minors to sue their parents to improve their lives extends to children the rights guaranteed them by the Constitution.
3 behind Peete and Erik Kramer.
MICHAEL D. REAGAN Riverside, Calif., Feb. 2, 1992 The writer is professor emeritus of public policy, U. of California.
"I've been called everything but a blue goose," he said.
"That's the reason it's still on the books to the extent that it is," he said, adding that he favored eliminating the ban statewide.
Although the basic economic terms of the settlement were not changed, the F.D.I.C.
In fact, our group of seven cut short its stay by a day and a half because we were so appalled at what was to be the last two nights' accommodations on Maui.
The Regan case also casts light on procedures that Ms. Wenk said were probably in violation of the due process clause of the United States Constitution.
In another incident in New Jersey, investigators are trying to determine what happened to an Edison woman, Gail F. Shollar, who disappeared on Tuesday with her 3-year-old daughter after a man commandeered her van.
"When you read that General Motors is going to lay off 20,000 white-collar workers, you think, How could they have that many to start with?"
Their contributions to tonight's round table are so soaked in virtue that the provocateur, Charles R. Ogletree of Harvard Law School, has trouble getting hold of them.
Bob Dylan and the Beatles have dealt with this and other timeless issues.
In the aftermath of competition, the top six men and the top six women here at the United States Olympic gymnastics trials could not have reflected better a difference in team selection.
Mr. Dinkins was criticized for giving the sanitation workers a raise in April without first insisting on extended routes.
A woman on Bryant Avenue grows tomatoes and peppers in her front yard.
In the Assembly, legislators will be permitted to file up to 50 bills during the session, 20 of which can be pre-filed.
The bridegroom's previous marriage ended in divorce.
"He can't cover Porter," he said.
Rooftop Psychics at the 'Y' WEDNESDAY -- Psychics will read palms, cards and heads at a rooftop garden benefit at the Lexington Avenue YWCA at 53d Street.
It was the pipe that connects the halves that ruptured.
He added, "The country needs a decision on this issue without delay."
But lately, the Mavericks' young players have made Adubato grow older.
At the same time, they can bring to mind mid-20th-century sculptors like Julio Gonzalez and the younger David Smith, as well as contemporaries like Anthony Caro and John Chamberlain, whose works are an outgrowth of the art of the 1940's and 50's.
Thirty-year fixed-rate mortgages averaged 8.73 percent this week, up from 8.67 percent last week, according to a national survey released today by the Federal Home Loan Mortgage Corporation.
"You do the crime, you do the time."
Although this is quintessential film noir, the landscapes are mostly shades of pale gray.
And the way he moves, his hands, everything.
But only recently have scientists started discriminating between the advantages of eating a diet low in fat and the distinct benefits of vitamins.
"If the economic situation improves, the F.I.S.
First, fellow students of journalism, I want to thank the truth squad of military specialists, outside and inside the Pentagon, who helped me achieve victory over the mighty column-writing team of Evans and Novak.
"I know I am not physically ready to play," said Tartabull, who is hitting .308 in 12 games with one homer and 10 runs batted in.
One of the most elegant older inns is the Gastonian, 220 East Gaston Street, (800) 322-6603 or (912) 232-2869.
"I don't think he felt like he belonged anywhere.
A police officer radioed that a report of shots fired was unfounded -- and ambulances may have turned back.
Mr. Kubecka and his brother-in-law, Donald Barstow, were shot to death in 1989 in their office in East Northport, L.I.
A dark-haired man stops to shake Mr. Sliwa's hand.
Mr. Fisher and Mrs. Vassalluzzo were waving their forks at each other, comparing notes for Tuesday, Round 2 of Bulb Forcing.
This means, for example, that the average tax this year for an 1,800-square-foot apartment, assessed at $176,400, would be about $17,400.
's -- Constitution Healthcare Inc. and Community Health Care Plan.
One member of an early congregation explained that the reason he made the long journey to America was "I thought I should find feelings."
But it was Man Ray's student, Berenice Abbott, who did the most for Atget, preserving his enormous output and presenting it to the Museum of Modern Art in Manhattan.
"My goal is to be the most professional player out there," Courier said last week.
After the end of French colonial rule in 1954, Laos had a series of unstable coalition governments until 1975, when the Pathet Lao, believed to be a ruthless movement doing Hanoi's bidding, gradually seized power in the wake of the collapse of Saigon to Hanoi's troops and the fall of Cambodia to the Khmer Rouge, who had also been backed originally by the North Vietnamese.
1 Even with an offense powered by sophomore tailbacks Greg Hill and Rodney Thomas, the Aggies found themselves expected to contend for the unofficial national championship but without suitable experience at quarterback.
The prospect of renewed Iraqi oil exports, bulging United States inventories of crude and a mild winter combined yesterday to send oil prices to their lowest levels in nearly a year On the New York Mercantile Exchange, February crude oil lost 82 cents a barrel to close at $17.87, the lowest since Feb. 25, 1991.
Xerox officials declined to comment, but Ronald R. Pollina, a Chicago-based corporate real-estate broker who represented Xerox on the deal, said the company in Ohio offered a better economic package.
The New York Times computer ranking, where Washington had been No.
And there is Trader Vic's, or at least there was: after dinner in the Edwardian room and a sudden urge to see paper umbrellas and coconut shells, we went downstairs to find the site of that ex-night spot sealed off with a metal grate.
In "Channel Z," about media overload, Mr. Schneider intoned, "Read my lips -- no jobs," while "Bad Influence" sniped at people with "wide mouths and narrow minds."
"You wanna take a walk in the park?"
And Raymond Serafini said he most definitely did hold a grudge against Mr. Abrams, whom he accused of teaming up with a third candidate, Elizabeth Holtzman, to attack Ms. Ferraro.
And, Paula Zahn's and Tim McCarver's hollow dialogue on a truly drab set has added absolutely no value to the broadcast.
The method has been tested only on rats.
For people for whom "green" has a more pragmatic meaning, Kyocera asserts that the Ecosys printer also saves money by reducing the average cost per page, to less than 1 cent as against about 3 cents for conventional laser printers.
BERNADETTE RAMDALL Hartsdale, N.Y. Mr. Bryden responds: The author Bengt Danielsson tells the story of Gauguin's mistress Teha' Amana in "Gauguin in the South Seas," published by Allen & Unwin, London, in 1965.
"It turns out that our commercial needs are slightly different than their technical needs," he said.
On one hand, all of the top strategists in Mr. Perot's campaign organization are white men, and he has reached out little to black and Hispanic voters.
"A Stranger Among Us" is rated PG-13 (Parents strongly cautioned).
I think job training programs would be a concrete act.
Next, Mr. Schoelkopf must find a charitable air-freight company.
He also occasionally lapses into Gothic gibberish, making remarks like "Huarbodau mith gawairthja, Thorn," which apparently translates as "Party on, dude."
An End to Outsiders Microsoft's presidency will be shared by a troika of longtime employees who have thrived under the 36-year-old software guru's unrelenting gaze: Michael J. Maples, a former I.B.M.
They stopped a visitor in the athletes' village.
His father is the president and general director in Paris for Merrill Lynch & Company in France.
That worried Dennis Lewis, who said: "It's easy to sit back and say 'I want a balanced budget.'
If President Bush's program to cut capital-gains taxes is adopted, it would be a windfall.
In Tokyo, the dollar fell to 127.37 Japanese yen, down from 127.87 yen at Wednesday's close.
And so are the careers of pro coaches who persist.
Sandberg, 32 years old, has spent all but 34 days of his career of 10 years and 34 days with the Cubs, who acquired him from the Philadelphia Phillies before the 1982 season.
The movie is a windy big-screen adventure that doesn't get under way even when vestiges of the play do appear.
And in 1984, he won headlines -- if not praise -- with "Hail Mary," a modern-day account of the virgin birth that deeply upset the Vatican.
If he was caught stealing, he said Gambino told him, "We don't call the police -- we take care of it ourselves."
"The problem is that these miracles can't happen very often," said Neil F. Woodworth, counsel for the Adirondack Mountain Club.
minor league camp for reassignment.
The Bush Administration, which is under pressure from Congress and a wide range of refugee and human-rights organizations to demonstrate the wisdom of its policies on Haiti, welcomed the talks with guarded hope.
Bush Administration officials have said Iran paid for the Beirut hostages' imprisonment and gave the captors $2 million for each hostage released.
A native of Brooklyn, Mr. Sabella received his bachelor's degree from Charter Oak College in Hartford and a master's degree in public health from the Yale University School of Epidemiology and Public Health in 1983.
The survey, conducted by telephone Jan. 9-13, was based on interviews with 802 people considerered likely to vote and had a margin of sampling error of plus or minus 3.5 percentage points.
His plane crashed in the Libyan desert.
We need all the help we can get."
Just listen to how they cheer during the national anthem before the Hawks or the Bulls play!
These will be the principles underlying the New York City high schools project.
His severe face became momentarily sunny with vindication.
This is from "Love, Groucho: Letters From Groucho Marx to His Daughter Miriam," edited by Miriam Marx Allen (Faber & Faber).
Sales fell 7.5 percent in the Midwest, to a 98,000 rate.
Barcelona, Spain, is the next target, with a shop scheduled there at the end of the year.
He did not use the word "Palestinian," I noted.
"They've got traditions that are very deep-rooted.
"Thirty years ago that highway was all large farms," he said.
West led a trump, and South won and led his singleton heart.
Budget choice: The 20-room Pension Helga Schmidt, 14 Holzdamm, 280 21-19, is a short walk from the main train station and a block from the Outer Alster.
The Rockland Center for the Arts, across the Hudson in West Nyack, is presenting a 2 P.M. program today called Tantalizing Traditional Tales with four storytellers looking to Jewish, African, French-Canadian and American music and folklore for narratives.
Conversely, black incumbents including Major R. Owens and Edolphus Towns of Brooklyn prefer the state plan, because it keeps the percentage of black population in their districts higher.
Mr. Gaboury, who is now 40, said, "When I can finally walk into a courtroom, that will tell the 10 year-old in me that it wasn't my fault."
During last summer's Pan American Games in Havana, Savon punished Briggs to win the gold medal on a night when the Cubans pummeled the United States team.
In midafternoon, a dark thunderhead swept in from the Everglades, drenching the torn landscape and underscoring the urgent need for the two tent cities that the military had promised to erect.
Anne Elizabeth Eldridge, the daughter of Mrs. Carleton G. Eldridge Jr. of Bronxville, N.Y., and the late Mr. Eldridge, was married there yesterday to Colm Felix Connolly, a son of Mr. and Mrs. Felix P. Connolly of Wilmington, Del.
And although Geffen gave Def American a foot up, the relationship between Mr. Rubin and David Geffen eventually soured.
Over the years other changes crept in: Poverty became a vice, along with Sabbath Breakers (baseball players), and Prudence (a woman sewing) became a man banking money.
Mr. Buffett's Message Salomon's interim chairman, Mr. Buffett, reiterated to the gathering of shareholders that he would not leave the firm until the investigation had been resolved.
It seems to me that United States shipbuilding and the Merchant Marine Academy want taxpayers to subsidize World War II ships, while the smart money is investing in the future.
Dottie Mochrie is alone at 216, while defending champion Meg Mallon and Amy Benz are six strokes behind the leaders.
"What this tells us is that many of the crime problems we thought were only associated with New York City are also being experienced by other parts of the state," said Richard H. Girgenti, the Commissioner of Criminal Justice Services.
Its center is filled with a nebula-shaped oval of gesso, papier-mache and a gel medium mixed together.
would pose to other players.
"The greens will be the key to my success or failure," Watson said candidly of his chances at Pebble Beach.
But before starting, call the building inspector to ask about the requirements for installing sumps.
"At the start of the slave revolt, what Toussaint did was flee that fight for freedom," said the Rev.
"I'm a Republican," Mr. von Wupperfeld, the son of a Goldwater conservative Texan, said in a recent interview.
Payment may be by check or money order in Australian currency or by credit card.
A cottage industry of anti-harassment specialists blossomed.
Brand names as well as images that imply, for example, that a bottle contains spring water when the water comes from a municipal source would not be permitted, unless, according to the proposed regulations, "there was an appropriate qualifying statement that made clear that the product was not spring water."
A 6-year-old boy on the way home from school was shot in the head and critically wounded in New Haven when the school bus he was riding was caught in the gunfire between two groups of youths.
The Clean Air Act of 1990 threatens fines if states fail to carry out "interstate strategies and mechanisms" to control ground-level ozone, which is the primary ingredient in urban smog.
I thought, maybe she'll grow up to be one of those people who go into a Wendy's and start killing everyone.
Shots Ring Out In the Night When Bruce Beavers lost his job as a development counselor a year ago, his wife, Teresa, wanted to pitch in.
Mr. Prout is survived by his wife, Tomiyo; five children: John, of Paris; Frances Selby, of Manhattan; the Rev.
But the other officer, a friend of his, took it worse.
Roast 20 to 25 minutes per pound (about 1 1/4 to 1 3/4 hours), or until a thermometer tucked into the thickest part of the thigh or leg reads 170 degrees.
He would soon become the No.
God gave it to me, I didn't ask for it.
I admire what Claire McCardell did in the 40's.
These days, more and more museums are turning to market research -- once the sole province of toothpaste makers and detergent manufacturers -- to overhaul their images and to help make decisions about what hours to be open, how to write a wall label, how much admission to charge and, perhaps one day, even what kind of art to show.
He returned to the Attorney General's office in the 1980's.
Among smaller banks, the problem of attracting qualified directors is serious enough to have been included in the program of the Independent Bankers Association at last month's convention.
The company cited strong advertising sales in the quarter for Time and People magazines.
The other projects include an integrated communications system developed by Hazeltine and the testing of plastic pipe joints by students and faculty members at Hofstra University.
He was suffering from pneumonia and had gangrene on his left foot and numerous bed sores.
Iran appealed today for an end to the fighting in Afghanistan and said it did not discriminate between the Sunni and Shiite warring factions.
The paintings also send the mind scrambling to find precedents, to keep track of connections with the art of their time, and to corral the different elements of postwar and even current art that they foreshadow.
The commission charges that he had compromised his independence as an auditor by accepting the loans and failing to report them, as accounting industry standards require.
"George Bellows," by Helen Molesworth, tomorrow at 2 P.M.; "Gifts and Acquisitions in Context," by Ms. Molesworth, tomorrow and Sunday at 3:30 P.M.; "Richard Prince," by Ms. Molesworth, Sunday at 2 P.M. Free with museum admission: $5; $3 for students and the elderly.
As for Lenin and Trotsky fighting for full rights for women, full political and civil equality with men was in fact given to women by my grandfather's Provisional Government.
It has been a staple of Warsaw gossip for years that Mr. Jaroszewicz became rich in office, and another hypothesis is that killers were looking for Swiss bank numbers, bearer bonds or forms of illicit wealth.
Williams's catch and Roger Ruzek's kick put Philadelphia ahead, 17-14, at the half.
Whatever strategy is ultimately adopted, the real test for Mr. Willse -- who says he is not unrealistic and is willing to do whatever is necessary -- will probably be whether and how quickly he can learn to swim in the treacherous and unfamiliar waters in which he finds himself.
The study made projections about the impact of a quake of 8.3 on the Richter scale occurring at midday in San Francisco and assumed insurance losses in 1987 dollars of $40.3 billion.
The ARCO Chemical Company said yesterday that it expected to take a $56 million charge in the second quarter for selling its 50 percent stake in its money-losing Korean venture.
Some films, like Helke Sander's documentary, would have been unthinkable before unification.
Wheat futures prices turned up sharply yesterday on word that farmers planted far fewer acres of winter wheat than had been expected.
And Thomas, the Bills' stellar back, finished with 22 carries for 73 yards and 6 receptions for 66 yards.
A ROYAL PAIN The Sacred Heart University Theater will present nine performances of of the musical comedy "Once Upon a Mattress" in its Center for the Performing Arts at 5151 Park Avenue, Fairfield.
As the afternoon wore on, tensions in the room climbed.
This cellular protein, called p53, is found in every cell of the body, Dr. Levine discovered.
Mr. Cline found that every income class lost: Much of the benefit from quotas actually went to foreign producers, who reaped a price windfall from the restriction on competition.
He was treated at Lawrence Hospital in Bronxville and returned home to recuperate.
Dr. Stampfer, 26, graduated from Columbia College and received an M.D.
"We always want to present news to our readers as soon as it is ready."
The show will continue through Saturday.
And in Dvorak's Symphony No.
The NEC Corporation of Japan and the American Telephone and Telegraph Company have jointly developed technology to mass-produce next-generation computer memory chips, NEC said yesterday.
"If there's demand for increased air traffic, airlines will have to look to other facilities."
PRESIDENT - 91% reporting Bush...1,692,151...38% Clinton...1,800,245...41% Perot...924,458...21% SENATE - 91% reporting DeWine (R)...1,783,348...45% Glenn (D)...2,188,538...55% SOUTH DAKOTA Although South Dakota has only three electoral votes, both parties campaigned vigorously for the state's farm vote.
Parliament ended its debate today by unanimously passing a condemnation of "violence against foreign co-citizens and asylum-seekers, as well as racist and anti-Semitic attacks."
So he began thinking about a drip irrigation system, which trickles water out through lines laid along the garden rows and only requires about 10 pounds of water pressure (a sprinkler requires 40 to 60 pounds).
(It does, however, require state governments and Federal agencies to buy themselves some vehicles that run on something besides gasoline.)
"We will take it back, if we see it as abused," Ms. Preston said.
The lawyers have said that the sessions could be the basis of an appeal, but today they said that no appeal on those grounds was planned.
But it is Ismail who could push Syracuse over the top.
Before then, Krivak was quarterbacks coach.
The number of U.S. military installations is likely to be smaller after next year, too.
b-After extraordinary credits of $ 24,000 in the latest first quarter and $ 8,000 in year-ago period.Universal Voltronics is a unit of Thermedics Inc. and Thermo Electron Corp.
The Federation is supported by the Neediest Cases, which helps thousands of New Yorkers get their lives back on track.
The linkup does not involve equity participation, but will enable passengers to transfer more easily between the two airlines in Canada, the United States, Europe, Latin America and the Pacific, Air Canada said.
Plugging away at his boring job, Charlie happens upon a Kremlin plot just as the Soviet Union is about to come apart.
Analysts expect earnings to be in the range of $1.45 a share for 1992 and $2.10 for 1993.
But Virginia Sanchez, a spokeswoman for Dade County, said residents of the entire county should continue to boil drinking water to safeguard against contamination from sewage that might have entered water supplies during floods caused by the storm.
In Mr. Boggs's latest project, he intends to exchange $1 million of his bills for goods and services, and he wants other people to keep them in circulation by talking merchants into accepting them, just as he does.
Jim Valvano being openly courted to take over the coaching reins.
Those helmets were necessities, for the dancers proved to be headstrong people.
The provocative new advertising campaign for Calvin Klein Inc. in New York, featuring bare-chested images of the rap singer Marky Mark and the model Kate Moss, is adding television to the media mix.
"One thing which lawyers really get prickly about is their reputation," he said.
His arrest stunned the police establishment because of his long career in sensitive investigations of some of Palermo's most notorious murders.
What began as a charge of idea theft became an all-out assault on Hollywood's accounting practices.
In introducing the third draft to his colleagues, Bishop Imesch acknowledged that it has forged "a unique alliance" of those on the left and the right against the letter "while not satisfying women's groups at either end."
Somebody once wrote "Are we trying?"
Treasury bond prices inched higher yesterday, helped by a surprising dip in orders for durable goods and a smooth auction of five-year notes.
It will do something similar in May, when the collaboration the council has sponsored between Mount Vernon's Fine Arts Cultural Center and the Emelin Theater in Mamaroneck results in a production of "To Be Young, Gifted and Black" at the Emelin by the center's Open Cage Theater Company.
As Elis pointed out afterward, he would have been beaten if West had shifted to a club at the second trick.
An eight-night group tour, "Gardens of England and Holland," with one day at Floriade, costs $1,050 a person double occupancy.
His bypass surgery came before scientists had developed a test for H.I.V.
"The second prevention is condoms," he said.
This is a form of respiration, or breathing.
"People go to the bathroom here," said Samara Craig, 8 years old, as she stood near the broad park steps at Morningside Drive and 120th Street.
Instead the underlying issue is the lagging economy.
But because of the Bulls' success with the triple-post offense, the Detroit Pistons incorporated it into their offense, and more N.B.A.
I recognize the schools' problems, but I see their promise.
The North Stars gave up 22 short-handed goals during the regular season, tying and N.H.L.
In equating homosexuality and evil, the films come across as throwbacks to less enlightened times.
"I'm only starting to fight."
The commission's study was financed by the Edna McConnell Clark Foundation and the John D. and Catherine T. MacArthur Foundation.
The first fell on Aug. 6, when the company said that Lintas New York, its agency since 1987, would be eliminated from the rigorous review.
One said he kept citing polls that showed his popularity rating hovering around 80 percent, whereas most reliable samplings of public opinion put his approval rating just below 50 percent.
A perennial giver and unshakable pest, Mimi lends a hand with the business and soon is virtually running it, serving as Joel's adoring servant and doormat.
Internationally, Kia sells cars and trucks in 80 countries.
The onething I have done is lay it squarely on the table in front of the American people.
Sales of the Japanese "transplants" were up 3.9 percent.
Instead, he presents Asia from the vantage point of a lone traveler fascinated by the sheer otherness of the lands he visits.
"Tony Colavita is still running this government, and the disenfranchisement of voters has happened once again," Mr. Weingarten said.
Racing down the aisles of the department store as if he had a proscribed amount of time, he plucked Danny Tartabull from the run-production department, turned right, sped toward the infield area and snatched Mike Gallego from a rack, then paused at the third-base counter, where he grabbed a gift certificate that he planned to convert into Charlie Hayes.
Tom Selleck gets hurt a lot in "Folks," possibly more than might have been intended.
Sporadic protests broke out during the day outside the central bank and the Ministries of Foreign Affairs and Justice, witnesses said.
By contradicting Mr. Bush's assertions that he had accomplished much here, they created a level of discord within the President's party that was more embarrassing than his sudden illness at a formal dinner.
and Motorola, and Ram Mobile Data, which has a partnership with BellSouth.
The reverse is true of Bill Clinton's voters (although in most races Mr. Clinton's total vote was a good bit larger than Mr. Brown's, and even among the young Mr. Clinton beat Mr. Brown, just by smaller margins).
Tandy has put its own technology to work in Incredible Universe stores to pare costs, streamline inventory management and ease potential bottlenecks for shoppers.
Miss Tikanova, moreover, is a member of a distinguished family involved in Russian literary circles.
"But I always knew I was coming back," he says, "because I enjoy the process.
But you'll notice that his eyes have a tendency to twinkle like crazy.
"Now, of course, there is some embarrassment about the museum," said Aleksandr M. Izrailevski, a former philosophy professor who is a full-time adviser to Krasnoyarsk's Mayor.
Authorities said it was unusual but not unprecedented to seize social clubs used for criminal activities.
Not one cent will be allowed to go unpaid."
THE FOOD: The usual heavy-on-the-cholesterol fare: hot dogs, burgers, nachos with cheese, breakfast (muffins, pastries, juices), pizza, pretzels, Good Humor ice cream, sodas, iced tea, french fries.
But all of a sudden, companies around the United States are saying it would be good for America to be good to G.M., and they are offering inducements to their employees to buy from General Motors, Chrysler or Ford.
The timing of the Senate ethics committee decision against pursuing the allegations against Mr. D'Amato was another lucky break.
Military leaders also control the telephone company, the railway and two of the four nationwide television stations.
The Mets not only blocked two extra points as you reported, but also had a safety.
He is survived by a son, Lawrence, and a daughter, Barbara Cohen, both of Wynnewood, Pa.; seven grandchildren and three great grandchildren.
Robert Z. Lawrence, professor of international trade and investment at the Kennedy School of Government at Harvard, said that even if there were a military or other non-economic reason to stabilize domestic production of oil at a certain level, "that's a different issue from how many workers we use to produce that; we should use as few as we can, as we should everywhere, to be as efficient as we can."
Merchants in the white neighborhoods opened for business as usual, white schools ignored the boycott, and white suburbs were served as usual by black domestic servants and black security guards.
He had just punched out Eric Karros, the top long-ball threat on the depleted Dodgers, on a knee-knocking curveball when Henry Rodriguez came to the plate with two outs.
That's something to look forward to."
The film contemplated the modern world with a heart that was heavy and an eye that arranged the Italian landscape and architecture into exquisitely composed, if somber, visual metaphors for a profound spiritual malaise.
Problems With Clouds The five astronauts had better luck with the military camera experiment, although they were going through batteries faster than planned.
He can also benefit the Devils by doing the things he does so well, such as winning key face-offs and operating down low on the power play.
Borough President Guy V. Molinari of Staten Island, who is a former Republican Representative: "He's not alone in making those accusations.
But he suffered a setback in May when he ran eighth in the Kentucky Derby.
Enthusiasts say this multination zone would become the trading locus of northeast Asia.
This decision is always an important moment in defining a presumed nominee -- it was an important bad moment for George Bush in 1988 -- but it is especially so for Mr. Clinton, who has labored mightily in recent weeks to regain the public's attention from Mr. Perot.
He landed five of them, four cleanly, but it was to his great advantage that the first two came in combination, and the fourth and fifth, which were planned in combination, were reduced to a triple-double combination because of a poor takeoff, nothing less.
With the absence of Sweeney and veteran left guard Dave Cadigan, who is holding out in a contract dispute, the Jets will rely on a juggled offensive line.
Ketchum Public Relations was the leading winner in the annual Silver Anvil Awards competition for excellence in public relations, sponsored by the Public Relations Society of America.
His manager is saying (as the Bush official recalled it), "My guy isn't fighting your guy until we hear him speak."
They recalled that some 15 years before they had rented a beach-front apartment in Kennebunk, where they had noticed notebooks with Cole Porter's name on them.
Mr. Wymer's personal assets, including luxury cars, boats, jewelry, and homes in Newport Beach, Calif., Manhattan, Florida and Sun Valley, Idaho, will be sold to help satisfy those claims.
Wall of Kittery Point, Me., and the late Dr. Robert A.
If the plan goes ahead, as most people expect, policyholders will be rewarded with stock, cash or a combination of the two.
Any such dilution of the Russian President's program could lead the West to reconsider its offer of billions of dollars in assistance and jeopardize Mr. Yeltsin's plans for economic recovery.
They were both only children.
Many move seamlessly into regular classes, even into honors programs, but others flounder.
His forays have all been illegal, with no permission asked of or granted by local authorities.
The Democrats wasted no time attacking the President over the shift.
Before buying the grocery store about 10 years ago, he worked as a maintenance man at the Y.M.C.A.
From 1961 to 1971, he did freelance work from the studio at his home in Ossining, N.Y. Moving to Florence, Italy, from 1971 to 1977, he worked for Rizzoli on book typography, bindings, advertising, promotion and posters.
On the basis of today's turnout, however, it was hardly certain that the Government faced imminent crisis.
Benefits Costs Cited But civil-rights groups say that, increasingly, employment-related discrimination against people with H.I.V.
The project, which consists of 20 dams and 500 miles of canals and aqueducts that lace through the farms of the San Joaquin Valley, is the single largest supplier of water in California.
A CORONATION IN MANHATTAN Over 3,000 Ghanaians from the United States and Canada gathered in the ballroom of the Ramada Hotel on West 33d Street in Manhattan for the West African ritual that takes place every three years -- the inauguration of a chief and Queen Mother to guide their American diaspora.
Moreover, the preoccupations of white Afrikaans writers tend to strike potential black readers as obvious or irrelevant.
But if it's sheer etymological garden fun you're after, don't miss the scintillating stories behind the stories of roughly two dozen plant appellations in A GARDEN OF WORDS (188 pp., Times Books/ Random House, $15), by Martha Barnette.
When "Chess" was first done in London in 1986 it had a certain novelty, but it was already dated in its treatment of global politics.
10 P.M. Also tomorrow, same time.
"It's about an angel who gives up his wings to experience mortality," he explained.
"We're certainly not playing our best baseball of the year," said Manager Buck Showalter.
The purchase price for the 2.9 million square feet of office space will exceed $100 million, said James Clabby, the company's marketing director.
To City Hall, they are an unelected Greek chorus, critiquing every official move.
In contrast President Bush proposes a minuscule 6 percent cut by 1997.
A dozen or so other diners, most of them peddlers, were seated on the floor eating with their right hands, in the Muslim fashion.
When Miss Walker was 3 weeks old, her mother went back on the vaudeville circuit herself, and Miss Walker slept backstage.
Dima Belenko, who is billed like the others by the diminutive of his first name, stands out already in his energy and daring.
How young and foolish we were."
Mrs. Masloff has not sampled her approval rating lately, but it may well be high, based on the jovial greetings she received on the street the other day.
The three children named by Mr. Allen in his suit live with Ms. Farrow.
"I don't think Nov. 12 is a deadline, but obviously Judge Doty has a decision to make and we'd like to get our decision crystalized before then."
C13 Dance: "Donizetti Variations" by New York City Ballet.
Iraq's centrifuges are based on German designs and were built with German help.
His family has lived in a small apartment in the neighborhood for two years.
By secession, those republics tried to avoid difficult and protracted negotiations over the new borders.
He would not say whether France would try to block the agreement, but he made clear the French view that the community had made too many concessions to the United States in order to avert a bruising trade war and pave the way for a resumption of global trade liberalization talks.
The caterpillar will hatch, eat until it is nearly the size of a full grown mouse, and magically metamorphose into an adult homerus.
Won't Pass 'Smell Test' Another dissenter, Representative Jim Bunning of Kentucky, said the committee's recommendation "will not pass the smell test."
Still, they make marvelous reminders of World War II and of Japan's dream of empire.
Recently expanded to the size of a dance hall, with room for about 800 people, Tramps books blues, rock, reggae and country.
The judge, an unabashed liberal, had run for governor against Nelson A. Rockefeller in 1966.
In the past only feature films were selected, but this year documentaries and animated films have been included as well as experimental work like "Castro Street," a 10-minute film set in the rail yards of Richmond, Calif.
(In Washington Square Park, a fish, or a patzer, is an easy mark.)
He denied Mr. Abrams's accusation that his dramatic, but unsuccessful, last-ditch effort last week to amend a tax bill to help keep a Smith-Corona typewriter plant from closing in Cortland was a political move.
Loews owns hotels, an insurance company, the Lorillard tobacco company and the Bulova watch company, as well as an investment portfolio.
SAVE some small skylights, it is still dark in the East Side restaurant Nicola Paone named for himself 34 years ago.
Because page lengths vary, he said, it is impossible to know where the protective coverings should be placed.
For years people regarded raccoons as cute and furry black-masked creatures that roved by moonlight across suburbia's lawns and wooded hills.
Both schools finished 11-3 in league play, but the Rams got the No.
But she said the gap between the amount that properties are assessed and the amount that they are billed is steadily narrowing.
Each Thursday evening, a dozen boys pour into an aging gymnasium in St. Thomas Aquinas School on Fourth Avenue in Park Slope.
From early May until mid-September, over a stretch of 12 tournaments, Faldo did not finish outside the top eight in any tournament anywhere in the world.
DEC. 14 The Soldiers', Sailors' and Airmen's Club benefited from the 38th annual International Debutante Ball at the Waldorf-Astoria.
These included lawyers who thought that the country needed something more than adjustments to a constitution written under military control; those wanting a stronger head of government, and members of the Democratic Revolutionary Party, through which General Noriega and his predecessor, Gen. Omar Torrijos Herrera, ran Panama.
"This is not just another dip," he added.
In 1942 in a drugstore near the University of Tennessee, he listened again and again to Goodman's popular recording "Why Don't You Do Right," sung by Peggy Lee.
The appeals court said that by dismissing an indictment against Maria Reyes in 1989, Acting Justice Edward McLaughlin of State Supreme Court in Manhattan had undermined "public confidence in the criminal-justice system."
"I'm willing to take on Jerry Brown any time, anywhere," Mr. Clinton said yesterday, "because I believe that when the voters hear what he has to say, they'll know that he has nothing to offer but platitudes and gimmicks."
About 12,000 of them are in Maryland.
At a visit to a shopping mall here, the crowd was big and polite enough but notably standoffish.
Holmes was beating Mercer to the punch in the 10th round, scoring with right leads.
As Amfortas, Bernd Weikl also distinguished himself.
Getting the ball 10 or 12 times a game isn't going to do it.
"I know how it happened, but how could she let it?
The videotape shows conclusively what happened that night.
The 39-year-old Mr. Purser, who is chief executive of the new company and its sole owner, has also picked up Gantos, a women's clothing retailer based in Grand Rapids, Mich., as a second client and increased his new work force to 53, from 35.
"There has been a terrifying increase," says Francesco Sisinni, director general of Italy's Ministry of Culture.
Residential and commercial facilities are under the aegis of Indigo Development Inc., the development arm of Consolidated-Tomoka Land Company, which owns many citrus groves in the state.
"I think he was one of the very few good people," said Jack Goldstein, the host of the reunion.
Surely the bloodiness of Kahlo's paintings cannot be traced simply to her one-time ambition to study medicine, as an interview subject claims.
People do really believe now that we can lose the election."
An NBC affiliate in Detroit, WDIV, listed "Super Mario Brothers," saying it taught children "self-confidence."
When the Raphans tried selling two years ago, the only nibble was a bid for $56,000, which they accepted, only to see it fall through when the buyer could not get financing.
His mother, Margo Fuld, is a vice president of Burnham Securities in New York.
School choice is essential to inner-city educational reform for two reasons: (1) It transfers power over educational decisions from government officials to parents, who have the greatest stake in their children's future.
On one occasion he and his colleague Jacob Bronowski had been arguing late into the night about the correct solution to a problem.
And by the Bank of Israel's calculation, this burden should lighten to the current 90 percent level by the year 2000.
Mrs. Hinchliffe, 27 years old, is a professional folk singer.
The Players Association has said it will not reopen.
Talk straight about how long the job will take.
(At one time, the company had a monopoly in the baseball-card field, but after going through battles in court, other companies now compete.)
Four times a year, Allied-Signal sends Baltimore residents a newsletter describing the progress of the cleanup, including air monitoring that is intended to keep dangerous levels of chromium dust from drifting off the work site.
Among all registered voters, only 24 percent said they viewed the Arkansas Governor favorably, while 41 said they held negative views, a worrisome ratio for any politician.
This allowed for the rise of the liberating notion that being pro-Western need not be a stigma.
But where does the President stand?
In New York in 1939, she became the designer for Larry Aldrich, a Seventh Avenue manufacturer known for simple, tasteful women's clothing.
The basic principle is simple: electric current as strong as that used by a cardiac pacemaker will immobilize a virus but appears weak enough to leave the much larger blood cells unharmed.
An employee of a center for severely disabled children in Yonkers has been indicted on charges he sexually abused the 6-year-old granddaughter of family friends, the Westchester County District Attorney's office announced today.
Old-timers remember a scam at Ranger games.
Charles R. Meeker was named president and chief financial officer.
Another starter, lobster ravioli, suffered from tough pasta and briny-flavor lobster meat, even though the red pepper saffron sauce was smoothly agreeable.
Robert D. Laurino, a prosecutor in the case, said the essential issue is "whether she knew that she could say, 'no,' and whether she was able to exercise that right."
Mr. Butcher, also 26, is a general contractor on Block Island.
The report on the second transfer was late and lame, and no punitive action was ever taken.
With ever more detentions of leading business and political figures, a new kickback scandal is rapidly widening to embrace all of Italy's major political parties, driving an emotional debate over political morality and raising questions about the country's future leadership.
To the Editor: In "The Real B.C.C.I.
In August, Prudential Securities promised to keep its headquarters in lower Manhattan for 20 years, after looking into relocating to Jersey City, Houston, San Francisco or Los Angeles.
What about the hardship on the taxpayers who end up paying billions of dollars a year in extra welfare and food stamp costs for people who are fired from their jobs simply because of a family crisis leading to them having to take a little time off?
Once rooted, the new plant can be severed from the parent, though it is best to leave the layered plant in place for several seasons before moving it.
A mottled maple sets off a purplish beech and a couple of garish sumacs upstage a deep brown oak as the little landscapes go by, one by one, veiled in mist and all the lovelier for it.
"The whole reception to his candidacy today has been free of skepticism," Mr. Greenberg said.
In Tokyo, the dollar closed at 126.60 yen, down 0.40 yen from Tuesday's close.
Measure From 1978 The Ethics in Government Act of 1978, which established independent counsels, created a category of executive branch officials, like the President, Vice President, Cabinet officers and other political appointees who are automatically covered by its provisions.
His father handed him a cut-down 3-iron when he was 3 years old and he has been swinging golf clubs ever since.
"He's a little like Randall Cunningham, but he scrambles to pass and Cunningham usually scrambles to run.
To find that newly powerful music director the orchestra could have turned back to a major figure associated with it: Mr. Solti, Mr. Haitink, even Mr. Tennstedt, had he been healthy enough.
But they created his image out of their own desires and dreams.
Abigail Adams, a pistol if there ever was one, wrote in a letter to her husband, John, the second President, "While you are proclaiming peace and good will to men, emancipating all nations, you insist upon retaining an absolute power over wives."
In many Jewish communities through the ages, the rare intermarriage was an occasion for mourning.
Howard Feldman, assistant principal for social studies, said the school's teaching had moved away from a "Eurocentric" view of its namesake, with increased emphasis on the cultures the 15th-century intruders smashed.
He is the son of Gail Paine and Mr. Paine 2d of Intervale, N.H. His mother is a program coordinator for the University System of New Hampshire School for Lifelong Learning in Conway.
Although television ratings were not measurable in the two weeks after the storm, WTVJ clearly moved from third-place to first in popularity.
The assumptions revealed by Mr. Fitzwater, and the Administration he represents, do not justify self-destructive scenes of rioting, arson and looting.
The eating space is minuscule and faces a display of tempting baked goods, surrounded by shelves and racks of jams, marron glace, teas, spices and cookbooks for sale.
Show time occurs when a chef quickly stir-fries the customized dish on the huge round grill.
But to do so, the Administration needs to rebuild a consensus on policy toward Beijing.
33, and JERRY WEST, No.
Then she struck gold on an almost identical assignment.
Strict form governs these pieces and the deadpan expressions of the performers deepen only occasionally and virtually imperceptibly.
Lockjaw Ridge has more than 30 rooms, 15 fireplaces, the pool and many handcrafted details, including paneling from England, hand-hewn beams and Palais de Versailles floors.
The direction of the wind dictates which way the group will travel, some on a short hike of about two miles, lasting about an hour and a half, the other roughly a four-mile, faster-paced trek of two hours or so.
At Halibut Point State Park, (508) 546-2997, north of Rockport on 127 between Pigeon and Folly Coves, a rugged outcrop of huge boulders that slope down to the ocean provides an ideal if breezy location for hiking and picnicking.
Video Lottery Technology, 2 million common shares.
And, with an ashtray that is under the parking brake, can you smoke anything but the tires?
Never once has Mr. Carnes challenged his state's policy of sustaining convictions by prosecutors who systematically challenged potential jurors who were black.
The decision to protect the Shiite Muslims in southern Iraq significantly diminishes Mr. Hussein's authority.
"That doesn't have anything to do with it," he said.
"It will take us a generation to get back the delegation that vanished yesterday," Senator Daniel Patrick Moynihan said, as he pored over the Congressional Directory, totaling the losses.
"When they said they wanted to put two teachers in a classroom, I about fell out of my chair," said Anthony Stauber, a school board member who voted against private management.
"It can increase people's chances of getting out of public housing.
She went into the water.
Catherine Gevers, the music adminstrator of Carnegie Hall, said the jazz orchestra would have the same status as the American Composers Orchestra and the New York Pops, which are financially supported by Carnegie Hall and which regularly perform there four or five times each season.
In the case of the B.A.
To her, the most striking aspect of the warnings about three-card monte is that they are needed.
Mainly the crisp fabric, the pockets and the fake alligator belts.
Jesse Jackson all had their share of labor support.
His mother, Alice D. Olick, is an assistant corporation counsel in the New York City Law Department.
When VICTOR KAMBER, a Democratic political consultant, received a letter from Vice President DAN QUAYLE inviting him to a fund-raising party this week for Representative GUY VANDER JAGT, Republican of Michigan, he seized the opportunity to spotlight what Mr. Kamber says is a contradiction between the Vice President's words and deeds.
The current fixation of Hollywood is how to cut the cost of movie making.
Ms. Bonanno said that a 15-year loan for a building your size would not only be hard to get, but may also not offer the best flexibility.
The museum, at the Cultural Education Center, Empire State Plaza, Madison Avenue, is open daily from 10 A.M. to 5 P.M.
Use a knife to remove the stem so the artichokes will sit flat.
8 6 MIDNIGHT WHISPERS, by V. C. Andrews.
She is an instructor at the Harvard University Medical School, where her husband is an associate professor.
Peruse your portfolio: Examine positions in stocks, bonds and mutual funds to offset gains with losses.
"We think when you need to associate two features or more relating to the world, you need to bring those two types of information to the same locus," Dr. Van Essen said.
Crowds on the Subway The police reported no major problems or disruptions associated with the crowd attending the rally.
15 10 HEARTBEAT, by Danielle Steel.
A separate provision limits indirect subsidies to aircraft manufacturers through military contracts and other government deals.
July 19 GRAMERCY PARK, Manhattan.
When Mr. Perry takes his turn behind the podium, the paparazzi begin to buzz, each of them yelling for the his attention, in order to get the straightest, which means the most marketable, shot.
Surgeons insert a laparoscope, a device with a light and a camera that is attached to an external video monitor to provide surgeons with a close-up view of the organs and tissues.
"Yes, there is a tax write-off involved, but this is basically a gift," said Robert Stegemann, a company spokesman.
*3*** COMPANY REPORTS ** View Full Article in Timesmachine »
3 block was presumably one of the newer ones, but there was no immediate confirmation of its age.
She was also active in arranging for foreign productions of American plays and musicals.
Several weeks ago, Howard Paster, 47, a lobbyist and adviser to Gov.
Feeling a seizure coming on at a restaurant, he asked her to follow him to the restroom.
His compaign had raised about $4.2 million as of late last month.
"I grew up with this guy.
The cutbacks by all three networks may keep down or eliminate affiliate defections from CBS out of anger over its new compensation plan.
As she sees it, New York City principals have been heaped with responsibilites while their resources, respect and power have diminished.
One zone was left unscented, while each of the other two was misted with a different agreeable odor.
Applications to medical schools have dropped steadily for 10 years.
Mr. Stirling's use of classical forms was not, however, sufficiently reverent to please the Prince of Wales.
Rapid Growth in Backbone Long dismissed as an old man's tumor and relatively neglected by many researchers, prostate cancer has lately captured wide attention among scientists and the public alike.
Initially, Mr. Proyect was charged with distributing marijuana in addition to growing it, but that was later dropped.
This can be avoided by transferring the distribution directly to another tax-deferred account.
It is absurd to try to make consumers feel better in purchasing such a bloody product because it is biodegradable.
"Institutions are much more inclined now to deal with the problem preventively, because they see they can be harmed both legally and in the court of public opinion," said Judith L. Lichtman, president of the Women's Legal Defense Fund.
Another tactic is to talk endlessly about the problem of procrastination.
Chief Justice William Rehnquist, 68, has indicated that serving his lifetime on the bench is not his compelling wish.
The point is fairly simple: the jazz world has to start looking outside the jazz world for ideas.
Another very effective work is Palmira M. Saehrig's "Visionary Landscape," a piece of hyper-Expressionism in blinding yellow, green, blue and fuchsia.
The newest generation of windmills thus crosses an economic threshold that will allow their use in many areas of the country, although it will take several years before they produce a large fraction of the nation's electricity.
Following are excerpts from yesterday's State of the City address by Mayor David N. Dinkins.
And according to his mother, Jean Boudin, it is one that would have pleased his father immensely.
KEY ADDITIONS: Andres Galarraga is the first baseman and the primary project of the new hitting coach, Don Baylor.
And, after putting $1.3 million into offshore promotion, he has withdrawn most of his financial support too.
The European Community meeting in Maastricht, the Netherlands, and meetings of the former Soviet states are new phases in an open-ended process, which will force us to find a new term for the construct we have used for political convenience.
In addition to the D.O.T.
"There is danger that our people will try to find employment in third world countries if their desire to work in the civilized world is not appreciated."
Purchasing Index Jump The market received some encouragement from the National Association of Purchasing Management's report of a bigger-than-expected jump in its November index, to 55 percent from 50.6 percent.
Upstairs, around the height of the highest peak on Camp Snoopy's roller coaster, are dozens of restaurants, both fast and fancy, as well as an assortment of nightclubs and a 14-screen movie house.
Cuts in Housing Both pointed to potential increases in Head Start, a pre-school program for low-income families, as well in programs meant to prevent infant mortality and lead poisoning and to assist New Yorkers afflicted with AIDS and tuberculosis.
But with election-year attacks on the welfare system rising, the report is certain to touch off a debate about whether the law will ever produce results that are large enough to bring significant reductions to welfare rolls, which are now at record highs.
The two opponents -- each a popular incumbent, one a liberal Democrat, one a conservative Republican -- disagree about almost everything.
If a patient receives a transfusion, the average number of units is about three, making the risk to the recipient about one in 75,000.
Despite his recent victory, Kolius says he isn't assured of the same outcome in the Gold Cup.
They may not be out of a job but they are seeing the giants cut back and they wonder who will be next.
They will still be a continent apart, but on a collision course.
A tin dipper is set on a pole beside it, for anyone brave enough to take a drink.
Since then, Mr. Solomon said, the venture has grown substantially.
We'll take him back to California.
In a slow time for feature films on tape, prominent television titles are getting more play from distributors.
Bud Selig, the Milwaukee Brewers' owner who is temporarily in charge of the majors, and Nelson Doubleday of the Mets met with representatives of 12 banks at CitiCorp headquarters in Manhattan.
"It's not like high school or college," he said, "where you win 9 or 10 games with a defense that just holds its own.
Did he have superhuman powers?"
Athletes in the foil score by touching the torso of the body, from the neck to the groin or hips.
The public will own about 16 percent of Gulfstream's common stock, Forstmann Little will hold a 54 percent stake, and other employees and directors will hold the remaining 4 percent.
Mr. Price got started in the money management business when he took a summer job working for Max Heine, a legendary Wall Street value player known for his ability to spot companies whose stock prices did not reflect their value.
He wants to cooperate, but doesn't know where to start or becomes easily distracted.
The people deserve that since we have to pick up the tab.
Louis Fleming was killed 12 days before his 19th birthday.
After offering a perfunctory line that he could "surprise the cynics" and still win the election, Mr. Brown moved on to his main point: "Whatever finally happens in this campaign, whatever my own fortunes, I have seen enough of popular discontent to know that our movement, our cause, will continue."
The denominations, they conclude, "did it to themselves."
The blacks were not as crisp, the printing was slower, and the cost per page was higher because everything on the page was created with the costlier color cartridge.
His earliest hero is Nathan Howard, a cowboy who under the name Jack Thorp collected and printed one of the first books of cowboy songs in 1908.
"I don't know who's worse off," Dr.
The door latches are mechanical fusesthat break when the difference between the internal and external pressures on the container reaches a specific point.
At the end of 1991, the bank's investments rose to $2.39 billion, 35 percent higher than the $1.77 billion it had a year earlier.
That turns out to be a bit of a tall tale based on ignoring the high cost of building in Japan.
There will be toe tapping to the jazz stylings of the Herk Faranda Jazz Ensemble today at 3 P.M. at a free concert in the Hart Library of Shrub Oak.
In 1963, when workers began dismantling the soaring Doric columns and three-ton stone eagles of the original Pennsylvania Station, a restaurant waiter inside remarked: "This city's got the right name: New York.
This ad is not, per se, offensive, but with this editorial mix, it was sensitive."
Several runners, including the 400-meter specialist Antonio Pettigrew, had complained about the Garden's narrow, 11-laps-to-a-mile track, which cannot be used toward qualifying for international championships.
The survey concluded that immigration had a very favorable impact on the country's growth and that immigrants did not take American jobs.
He was born in Watertown, Wis.
He wrote 743 overdrafts over a three-year period.
The Coral Sea would take position at the center of a circle with a 200-mile perimeter.
1, but wherever you need to be to make money."
The show's finest American mirror is an elaborately carved and gilded artifact, a monumental work measuring six feet from the spread-winged eagle and foliage at the top to the intertwined dolphins at the base.
"It's like, we both take our medication.
To say you were in the Kentucky Derby.
Think what this view is worth per square foot."
The chief prosecutor, David W. Shapiro, has portrayed Mr. Pitera as a vicious killer who tortured victims, dismembered their bodies and buried them in a desolate area of Staten Island.
They have tested the run in France.
Avon Products Inc. announced plans yesterday to increase its stake in its Japanese subsidiary, a move that could cost the cosmetics giant as much as $90 million.
Perhaps a relative newcomer, Ken Rose, who is in his third season, sees the Eagles most plainly.
The latest tally from the state Board of Elections gives Mr. Abrams 411,072 votes to 400,084 for Ms. Ferraro, a margin of 1 percent.
The obituary also misidentified another person aboard.
There is no question that we are going to balance our budgets."
He spoke of the need to consider the northern communities, specifically in terms of disposal of household hazardous waste.
The Justice Department civil complaint, filed in Federal District Court in Raleigh, N.C., charged Senator Helms's re-election campaign, the North Carolina Republican Party and four campaign-consulting and marketing firms with violating the Voting Rights Act.
So far, every precinct has divided its area into geographic beats and the number of "community patrol officers" who are assigned to watch over those areas has been increased to 40, from 10.
With chaos the defining concept of the age, approaches once derided for their nonrational base seem less dubious.
I do it because I get off on it, the feeling of the power in the middle of a storm.
Clemens (11-7) has won just two of his last six decisions.
"If he was any better, he'd scare me."
Finally, the United States agreed to assure Russia -- particularly right-wing nationalists in Parliament who have criticized the agreement -- about how many nuclear weapons will remain on American bombers: Under complicated arrangements, portions of the B-2's will be covered by a shroud during arms inspections to hide some of their details.
Only companies that are inefficient in general have health-care costs so high that adding jobs is resisted.
Thereafter, with the help of President Franklin D. Roosevelt and the spur of World War II, unionism in America grew to embrace 36 percent of all workers.
C17 Sports B9-15 Baseball: Angels' team bus overturns in New Jersey.
Network crews arrive at game sites a day or two in advance and speak with coaches and players.
Admission is $2, $1 for people 65 and older and 50 cents for children.
In the end, though, a utility that considers buying a nuclear plant may get the deciding push from its financial backers.
"I don't think any tax increase is indicated at this time, but I don't have any hesitation to increase taxes longer term for public investment," said Robert Eisner, an economics professor at Northwestern University.
A clone of the New York original with a clublike setting and monster steaks and lobsters.
After the meeting last night, one guild member, Anthony Rieber, a copy editor, said the decision to apply for jobs with Mr. Zuckerman would be distasteful to many.
Tudor's "Jardin aux Lilas," which concerns a marriage of convenience, and "The Leaves Are Fading," an evocation of a woman's youthful memories, are delicate mood pieces.
The agreement reached today is a revision of a plan proposed by Mayor Zaleski last week that called for 625 units of owner-occupied housing, primarily in existing co-ops and condominiums.
A few months ago, broke and homeless, he walked into the Wayside Cross Rescue Mission in Aurora, a homeless shelter at the bottom of a hill.
(AP) TRACK AND FIELD Siefert Excels in Discus Throw Jim Siefert of the Shore Athletic Club posted the best discus throw mark in the country this year when he won the event yesterday with a 217-foot toss at the New York Relays at Downing Stadium.
Senator D'Amato went to work.
An improved guidance system gives it the ability to deliver a conventional, high-explosive warhead more accurately on target.
As a group, lemurs have been much less intensively studied than, for example, chimpanzees and orangutans.
Now, with 25 members of her family, she is returning to a village that she knows only from hearsay.
Father Is Watching Her father, Romano Mussolini, a jazz pianist and one of the late dictator's two surviving sons, sat in the gallery to watch.
"I just put myself in a rough place on 16."
The first section, titled "The Week," which will cover all major news events of the previous week, makes it clear that Time is still, first and foremost, a news magazine.
In September, sales at comparable stores were off 4.7 percent from September 1991, a rebound from steeper declines in previous months.
She graduated from Queens College.
More surprising, though, is the study of lilies growing randomly beside a tub poised to collect rainwater from a drainpipe.
10 A.M. to 4 P.M.
The league, which administers the tournaments in the United States, Canada, Bermuda and Mexico, has had five chief executives in eight years, and will have a sixth later this year.
I wonder if we are not going to see more splits between editorial direction setting and actual production of the magazines."
Otherwise, after cleaning, brush the wicker with liquid sanding fluid available at paint and hardware stores.
Post estate is a campus of Long Island University.
*3*** COMPANY REPORTS ** View Full Article in Timesmachine »
They started 1991 with $800 million in capital, which easily made them the industry's kingpins.
"We're not going to let people do some of the things that were done here."
But if "Christchild" finally lacks the polished eloquence of August Wilson's black history plays, it packs the same kind of emotional wallop.
"Some of this stuff is oversensitive people who ought to lighten up a bit," said Robert Grant, president of the American Freedom Coalition, a conservative organization, who said he thought there was nothing wrong with a bawdy skit about Representative Schroeder as long as she was not there.
But almost no one expected the Democrat's post-convention bounce to be that big, or to be fueled by a cross-country bus tour that co-opted much of the Republicans' favorite Middle America, hay-bale-and-patriotic-sparkler imagery.
Reich Is Cautious In an interview, Robert B. Reich, the head of Mr. Clinton's economic transition team, added, "To the extent that it's a one-time blip turning on new investments resulting in larger inventories and additional exports due to a low dollar for that particular period, then we probably can't count on that figure to signal the beginning of a buoyant recovery."
Rockaway Townsquare in Rockaway, N.J., manages to attract respectable walking contingents every day, possibly with its varied decor: storefront ornaments range from plastic stripes in primary colors to staid Neo-Classical pilasters, painted white, and abstract sculptures at regular intervals evoke melted windshields and piles of yellow macaroni.
"But we cannot give any probabilities of an earthquake happening soon on that leg of the San Andreas," she said.
He spent the next four years working for the Sperry Corporation before joining Southern Railway as a student apprentice.
"They really have low costs, and their expense levels have no reason to go up," he said.
Nippon Hodo, Japan's largest road builder, has seen its shares plummet 28.7 percent in the same period, to 1,790 yen on Monday.
Federal judges are also interpreting traditional doctrines on standing and jurisdiction to make it more difficult for environmental groups to sue in the first place.
Readers are invited to submit questions about science to Questions, Science Times, The New York Times, 229 West 43d Street, New York, N.Y. 10036.
Besides Mr. Franco, who lives in the South Bronx and has also been criticized as a carpetbagger, the announced hopefuls are former City Councilwoman Nydia Velasquez and Elizabeth Colon, director of the Association of Puerto Rican Executive directors.
That gives everybody else one-on-one coverage, which is what every N.B.A.
But for Mr. Ruger, a legendary gun designer who is proud of his products, part of the solution to market overload is "planned obsolescence."
The International Commission for the Protection of the Alps, an umbrella for more than 30 groups, informs governments, local officals and private groups of damage that new projects can cause.
And shape us they will, at a price frightening to contemplate -- morally, economically and strategically."
At the same time he sent a shudder through the Flyer organization when he revealed a secret flaw: "I'm human."
Lebow did not look from side to side, as most ordinary runners do in the long middle miles.
After the Commerce Department reported that the economy had grown at an annual rate of 3.9 percent in the third quarter -- far above the 2.7 percent rate initially reported -- Mr. Clinton even suggested that the fact that the pace was better than expected could mean that he would scale back his plans for an economic stimulus package.
She also said that Sally Hernandez-Pinero, the new chairwoman of the Housing Authority, and Mayor Dinkins "believe any housing practices that led to unequal access are totally unacceptable, outrageous and unconscionable."
Her friend Patrick Kelly made her a pair of shoes to cheer her up.
Today, for example, the owners of the Kwamadala hostel for black steelworkers, from which Boipatong residents say the killers came, announced that the residence would be closed.
"I was always trying to keep it under control," he said.
But during the points, the 36-year-old Navratilova, living testimony to the concept that age can be irrelevant when used correctly, kept on the attack mode.
Prime Minister Kiichi Miyazawa's disparaging comments last week on the quality of American management and workers reflect deep frustrations in doing business with a country that seems to be burning the candle at both ends.
"If I play here next year, I want to buy a house; I was asking about that," he explained.
"We have looked at ourselves over time and have figured out we're not the church we were 25 years ago when there were 2,500 members and no financial problems," he said of the 850-member congregation.
Demands for Action That demand that has grown so insistent in recent years that politicians and citizens' groups have prompted the Parks Department and the Department of Transportation to begin a study of ways to regulate traffic in the 135-year-old park.
"will probably" submit Reynolds' name for participation, Harvey Schiller, the U.S.O.C.
A9 Experts expressed uncertainty about the future of Georgia.
A1 Neediest Cases B5 Business Digest D1 Home Section C1-13 A tree grows in architecture.
But this would be the most serious mistake we could make today."
To that end, he arrived in Monterey last Thursday, and has spent his days in solitude learning the subtleties and drinking in the atmosphere of Pebble Beach.
Jim Florio said he would veto the measure and called for a public referendum on the question.
Mr. Downs said that more than half the projects would be financed by the Federal Government and that the rest would be paid for by the state's Transportation Trust Fund.
In the areas of criticism, Mr. Armacost said winning trade concessions from Japan had been "much too hard" and had taken its toll by spreading the impression of Japan as a closed market.
Dozens of refugees forcibly returned to Haiti in recent months have told United Nations officials that they suffered beatings, imprisonment, death threats and other abuses that prompted them to flee their country a second time.
Oh baby, whoa Nellie, holy cow -- another year in TV SportsLand, one with cash-machine Mike Tyson out of the pay-per-view ring and into the pokey, Warner Wolf outta New York, NBC and Cablevision bereft of sanity in mounting the Olympics Triplecast, Al Unser Jr. absent from ABC's cameras as he won the Indianapolis 500 and Tim McCarver and Paula Zahn looking like teen-agers on a two-week blind date as the evening hosts of CBS's Winter Olympics telecasts.
Mr. Willens of Lehman Brothers said that anyone considering investing in a flexible I.R.A.
He served as bureau chief in London, Moscow, Saigon, Lagos and Nairobi, and as the paper's national political correspondent.
Yet few analysts believe the Fed is entirely immune to political pressure.
He started the eighth inning, and probably felt like finishing his career as a reliever immediately afterward.
Perhaps, part of Coslet's vote of confidence in Nagle's grasp of the offense was a message to veteran starter Ken O'Brien and backup Troy Taylor, who are both missing from training camp in contract disputes.
I do not believe government, particularly county government, belongs in the housing business, nor do I believe it is in our interest to give counties the power to override home rule.
The Westport production, directed by Ms. Fredrik, is tough and accelerated, but the cast, with a couple of exceptions, is weak and slow.
As it became apparent that the agents were blocked, a roar went up.
They were unable to get the can into the opening, he said.
WHEN asked if it takes significantly longer for home buyers to get loan commitments today than in the past, many lenders say no.
And it's true that one crosses the threshold with an odd sense of relief.
Saddam Hussein slaughtered 5,000 Kurds with poison gas and a handful of moralists hollered in vain; professors at our own Army War College are still explaining that the atrocity never happened, and while watchdogs yawned the State Department helped Iraq prepare for war.
A factor in Kobs & Draft's victory was its experience in promoting door-to-door sales for Tupperware.
Slide Shows Were Developed Back home, the couple created slide shows from Mr. Fleischman's photographs as they readjusted to the roof over their heads.
Mark Miller called to say he heard the expressions with his own ears and made contemporaneous notes.
The crisis was touched off by the Soviet installation of nuclear missiles with a range of 800 to 1,000 miles.
Last Thursday, at a Christmas party at his team's headquarters in Reading, Pa., Mears answered that question: most likely never.
The Indians also have two option years at salaries of $725,000 and $750,000 for the 29-year-old right-hander.
The problem in the past has been that I.B.M.
Pastas can be ordered as colossal-size entrees or as appetizers in generous half portions.
Now George Bush wants to give a $108,000 tax break to millionaires.
Russia said Jan. 2 had been agreed on at the last summit in Alma-Ata.
"We are getting input from all sides," said Marianne Lamont, special assistant to Don R. Clay, the agency official in charge of the Superfund.
Rentals at One Night Stand average $200 to $250 for dresses that retail for $1,000 and up.
In an interview today, Mr. Gray said, "I'm not aware of anybody destroying phone logs in relation to the passport case."
The center is at 155 Fifth Avenue in Pelham.
"We're confused," said Robert Jay Lifton, a psychiatrist who is director of the Center on Violence and Human Survival at John Jay College of the City University of New York.
On the New York Stock Exchange yesterday, Philip Morris gained 87.5 cents, to $80.625.
Students and intellectuals have long denounced the United States as a repressive force in Zairian politics, accusing Washington of pressing a cold-war ideology that has helped prop up the Mobutu dictatorship.
She said, "And a lot of people were asking, 'Why don't you answer this person?'
Mr. Tippet's works for Ballet Theater also included "S.P.E.B.S.Q.S.A (The Society for the Preservation and Encouragement of Barbershop Quartet Singing in America)," "Rigaudon" and "Some Assembly Required."
There are few comparable jobs that allow you to do what you believe is right.
Rattling off facts and figures, Mr. Poling said that Ford spends 20 percent of its payroll on health care, more money than is spent on steel, putting his company at a serious disadvantage with its Japanese competitors who spend $500 less on health costs for every car built.
As of April 1, the state also dropped 40,000 people from its general assistance welfare program.
With a bow toward "Poetics," Aristotle's treatise on poetry and drama, he combines poetry and ethics and invents the word "Poethics" for his theory and book title.
One work that prompted this judgment was "Epic," a bizarre solo of 1957 set to recorded time signals, which Elie Chaib danced on Thursday.
Ridiculing tony money-raising dinners, he told students at the University of Wisconsin yesterday afternoon: "They call things funny names -- they eat their sherbet in the middle instead of at the end and they call it sorbet.
Only six students from minorities asked to transfer; three were Hispanic, two American Indian and one black.
Since joining Wang, Mr. Miller has tried to shed high overhead costs and debt.
The Ranger and visiting team penalty boxes are separated by the public address and scoreboard operations, and I was separated from the wayward Rangers by the large, friendly, 27-year-old Bernie Ryan, a National Hockey League off-ice official.
Bill Clinton's ability to win 75 percent of the black vote in Florida reflects massive outreach by him and his supporters through networks of black churches and community organizations -- shrewd traditional organizing, more than innovative approaches.
The sideboard above, about $40,000, will be included in the show.
She quoted Schott as having said in a conference telephone call several years ago, "I'd rather have a trained monkey working for me than a nigger."
The United Nations refugee commission appealed to Government leaders at midday to halt the expulsion, but the plea went unheeded.
Basketball Continental Basketball Association CAPITAL REGION PONTIACS -- Acquired the rights to Brook Steppe, guard, from the Rapid City Thrillers for the rights to Vincent Askew, forward, and a 1993 first and second round draft picks.
Chocolates With a Twist Le Francais in Wheeling, Ill., has often appeared on lists of the best restaurants in the country.
Crime Fighter Ambushed Curtis Sliwa, the leader of the Guardian Angels street patrol, was shot several times and left bleeding in a lower Manhattan street.
The naturally sweet wines of Bordeaux are unique.
He promptly told me no, it was not similar.
Five State Senate Races The race offered voters a clear choice, pitting Mrs. Lowey, a two-term incumbent and vocal supporter of abortion rights against Mr. DioGuardi, who opposes abortion, the Yonkers housing-desegration plan and efforts to build affordable housing in Harrison.
Some of them suggest living creatures like crabs or insects.
13, in a tightly coiled performance, which culminated in an accumulating unison of fearsome intensity.
Taking small children to haute-couture shows is really not part of the French tradition, though members of the audience at Mme.
Such charges could conceivably be brought against Mr. Nelson -- even though he was found not guilty of murder -- or against other people from the group, though none of them have been arrested.
Susan R. Ferron, a 37-year-old social worker from New Orleans who coordinates the abortion-rights group Refuse and Resist, shouted at the minister.
When the club begins a 12-game stand at the Stadium tonight against the Seattle Mariners and left-hander Randy Johnson, he'll be on the bench again.
The first part of the concert featured clarinets, from contrabass up to E-flat sopranino.
The state seeks to turn these into public beaches, parks and biological preserves.
On the Comex, silver for current delivery fell 0.5 cent to $3.723 an ounce.
For each of Governor Cuomo's 10 years in office, and for most of Gov.
'Culture Shock' "It's going to be the closest thing to political culture shock that they've had in this state in a long time," said D. J. Leary, a veteran Democratic consultant and publisher of a political newsletter.
While there have been a few exceptions, notably the Philippines during the ouster of President Ferdinand E. Marcos, the hesitancy to embrace change has been accentuated by the economic slowdown that has hit Japan and the rest of Asia.
Maybe there's a strangeness connected to that.
Some of the owners known as the Secaucus Seven made the rounds.
It's not a difficult line."
Opposition leaders said on Friday that his decree had no legal basis and that they planned to ignore it.
And of them the top 700 -- mostly Cabinet and sub-Cabinet jobs -- are subject to extensive background checks by Federal agents, two sets of financial disclosure and Senate confirmation.
Dial Page Inc., Greenville, S.C., an initial public offering of 1.5 million common shares.
"So I got mad," he said.
There are more than a dozen variations on marinated herring.
PEROT: Well, your defense industries are going to have to convert to civilian industries.
17 Cafe de Paris Diner's Journal French, (212) 486-1411 924 Second Avenue, at 49th Street One of the best steak bargains in midtown.
"It's a shock," said Bob Woolf, Bird's attorney, who lives next door to Bird and who rode with him to the press conference.
Elect Barbara Bush The cost of living index, according to the Rev.
While most of the migrants in Sei Pagar make clear that they are better off now, at least one family is discouraged and may soon go back to Java.
That has raised the question of whether a predominantly black jury might be prejudiced by the cloth in favor of Mr. Harvey's client.
The rest, dubbed the "swamp," vacillate widely.
Diane Lynn Peddie, the daughter of Mr. and Mrs. Thomas Peddie of Grandville, Mich., was married on Friday to Edward Philip Kuyper, the son of Mr. and Mrs. L. William Kuyper of Teaneck, N.J.
Finally, Mr. Laurino walked to each of the young men, and she identified each by name.
"Ted and Charlie both create the kind of atmosphere in a large agency where creative projects can still get put first," said Mary Warlick, executive director at the One Club.
Governed Against Their Will "We feel that a national assembly is a waste of time," said Ian Balfour, who came with his 24-year-old son David from Falkirk today to march with the Scottish Nationalists, who want complete independence within the European Community.
And what alternative do former Communists, like Algiradas Brazauskas, the winner in Lithuania, offer?
His crime is the kind of "stupid trifle" that is the staple of totalitarian regimes: he played the piano in a one-night, fill-in performance with a student group that improvised a political satire onstage and without Dallow's prior knowledge.
Richard Wollheim was selected to review my book "Freudian Fraud" (June 28), which is critical of Sigmund Freud.
She is a graduate of Smith College and the president of the Donnellan Birdsall Company, a Brooklyn real-estate concern headed by her mother, Marion D. O'Grady.
So Christianity is "the predominant religion," as Governor Fordice kept putting it in a later appearance on the CNN program "Crossfire" program.
No one has formally announced a candidacy.
They both had aggressive mothers who pushed their sons.
A13 Akwana Journal: A remote Nigerian region is hit by violence.
If "Twelfth Night" is a comedy of warmth and geniality -- the warmest and most genial that Shakespeare ever wrote, some say -- can it be that Bram Lewis, the director, is determined to prove otherwise?
The four-year contract, moreover, puts the Philharmonic out of sync with the Chicago Symphony, breaking a cycle that has been troublesome for the Philharmonic management for decades.
Later, Dorothea Allman, a retired city worker, said she accepted the Congressman's explanation.
"But I'd have to say our main problem is finding enough courts for everybody who wants to play," said Lynch.
Why does he think the law was changed to prevent early parole for murderers?
Valenzuela finished with a 10-9 record and a 3.86 earned run average for the Class AAA Guadalajara Charros in the Mexican league, by leading the last-place Charros to a 7-1 victory over the league champion Monterrey Sultans, allowing two hits in a seven-inning complete game.
Officers, wearing black ribbons over their badges, described Officer Johnson as a shy but friendly officer who did her job quietly and efficiently and made little of her family's police pedigree.
The June decrease followed declines in debt of $893 million in May and a huge $3.58 billion drop in April.
Prosecutors in the United States and Israel have also asserted, on the basis of Nazi files and other documents, that Mr. Demjanjuk had been a prison guard in other death camps in Poland and Germany in 1943 and the Israeli prosecutor has emphasized those accusations in the aftermath of recently unearthed evidence suggesting Mr. Marchenko was actually Ivan.
"Teachers make a connection, and it's hard for them to let go of kids they have bonded with," Dr. Casey said.
Tom Quinn Chairman, State Air Resources Board, Top Brown environmental official He's had a drive in him for 20 years or more to reform the political process in America.
But the champion's alternative, 18 Bf6, encountered Anand's strong 18 .
This item primarily reflects a $ 6.2 million adjustment to the company's reserve for costs accrued in previous years for the closing of certain facilities.
again in a position of looking imbecilic, if not immoral.
Power Over Appointments The issue is a proposal that would require the Prime Minister and senior Cabinet members to be confirmed by Parliament.
Eventually, the contract went to Basselaar.
His one-year deadline has absolutely no scientific basis whatsoever.
Ms. Stone said that 12 years ago her volunteer center in Orange County was helping one company run a volunteer program.
In newer and broader efforts at Stanford and elsewhere, scientists have been seeking ways to boost the immune systems of cancer patients to fight their own tumors.
8 QUESTIONS ON WHAT BUSH KNEW A new indictment of former Defense Secretary Weinberger disclosed handwritten notes of his that contradict Mr. Bush's assertion of being unaware in early 1986 of any arms-for-hostages deal with Iran.
Instead, both consumers and Government programs like Medicaid overpay and allow themselves to be misled.
Saudi Arabia "will take any necessary action to protect the sanctity of its borders," one of the letters said.
Per share data were adjusted for a 5-for-4 stock split distributed in January 1992.The increase in the number of shares outstanding from a year ago was due primarily to Vencor's offering of 2.1 million shares in October 1991.
Last summer, a French general on assignment to the United Nations in Cambodia was quoted as suggesting that he would accept the deaths of up to 200 soldiers, including himself, to end the Khmer Rouge threat once and for all.
After watching Price and Daugherty combine for 28 first-quarter points in Game 1, the Nets were victimized this time by the willingness of Price and Daugherty to share.
He has fought in court to protect the works of Henry Miller and William Burroughs against charges of obscenity, and he feels that Mann's photographs deserve the same guarantees under the First Amendment.
"We felt it important to make music that takes many of the contemporary melodic influences that children are exposed to," Mr. Jaffe says, "and use them with lyrics written for children to create a contemporary listening experience for children and their families."
Tickets will go on sale tomorrow.
"It would be wonderful if we could write one program that would find all viruses, squish them all, and we'd be done, but that's mathematically impossible," Mr. White said.
Mr. Ross said he was having difficulty making sense out of the seemingly random act of violence.
The women ice hockey players are treated as chimney sweeps," Hurd wrote in his decision.
The 53-year-old former construction worker said, "I spent 13 years of my life in prison for something I had nothing to do with," and added, "the evidence is all there in boxes, and we're waiting for someone who will look at it and say, 'it's over.'
Stanford's meeting with Texas A&M on Wednesday evening, in the Disneyland Pigskin Classic at Anaheim Stadium, will mark Walsh's first appearance as a coach on a sideline since 1989, when his San Francisco 49ers won Super Bowl XXIII, and his return to the Cardinal, the program he coached in 1977 and 1978.
Buses drop off at certain designated stops, and a taxi may then be required to your location.
Fee: $12 ($5 for children).
The mass breaks up in the second quiet movement as Miss Tsao comes to the fore.
"I do think it matters who the delegates are," she said.
Macedonia has voted for independence.
Depends on Your Taste His critics suggest that Knight's coaching methods make occasional use of a verbal whipping of his players.
b-Included losses from the company's 50 percent-owned joint venture, Seven Seas Leasing Ltd., of $ 204,000 and $ 229,000 for the quarter and 9 months, respectively.c-Included losess from the company's 50 percent-owned joint venture, Seven Seas Leasing Ltd., of $ 239,000 for the quarter and $ 75,500 for the 9 months.
The Landmark Entertainment Group will design and plan the park, including a replica of Tara, the plantation owned by the story's heroine, Scarlett O'Hara; Rhett Butler's mansion; and Twelve Oaks, the plantation where the couple met.
Mr. Hamilton, by most reports a ranking member of Mr. Clinton's short list, went on "Meet the Press" on Sunday and spoke at length about his stance on abortion.
A second suspect is also being sought in connection with the crime, according to New Mexico State Police Agent Leonard Ramirez.
And a senior Bush Administration official said this week: "There is no appetite anywhere to send ground troops over to do this.
Fund-Raising Ideas Ms. Thomases, after talking to Mr. Clinton this week, said the Governor chose her because they were friends, and because he wanted to appoint a well qualified woman to an important post.
Also: Wednesday at 4 P.M., uptown.
And even if there is unrest, Hussein and his Government are protected by a guard of 45,000 troops.
MBC stands apart from the Government-owned stations for a number of reasons, not the least of which is that it broadcasts to countries that are not shy about imposing censorship and filling the Government-controlled airwaves with propaganda and distorted news reports.
Among the 700 displays are a three-sided box that freezes shadows people throw on its walls and a levitating beach ball that kids can chase.
Mrs. Grossman was born in Brooklyn and attended New York University.
He must time his passes with his receivers.
Robbery is the crime most closely watched by many criminologists because it usually involves what people fear most about crime -- sudden violent attack by a stranger.
Her father, who is retired, was a senior executive with Exxon.
To call such a call "improper" and for the purpose of "using the inside information corruptly" is absurd, and libelous.
No injuries were reported and the vacationers were released unharmed.
The African National Congress and other anti-apartheid groups were banned, and their leaders were convicted in show trials.
After all, she is an R.N.
Coldly working its way through the phone directory, an autodialer can call as many as 1,500 telephone numbers a day, both listed and unlisted, with a recorded sales pitch.
But I think when you see the decline of the family, as the mayors were telling me, we'd better find ways to strengthen them.
The new characters are drab, their thoughts routine.
The current habeas corpus debate has nothing to do with the traditional "Great Writ," but rather concerns a statutory right made available to state prisoners by Congress.
Researchers want to see how the medicine, encapsulated in the polymer, reacts in weightlessness so they can develop better time-release drugs on Earth.
No ordinary food has ever been required to undergo scientific analysis to prove its safety.
David Londoner, who follows Capital Cities/ABC for Wertheim Schroder & Company, said the operating earnings were about on target.
of 1.17 was lower than the school record of 1.25 set by Pete Harnisch, now with the Houston Astros, in 1985.
The corporation then could use the money to pay interest on its own bonds, freeing some sales tax revenues that would normally go to pay down the M.A.C.
"I would like to speak to them and say thank you."
The book was written with Art Rust Jr. and published by Bantam Books.
During World War I he saw action as a Royal Canadian Marine, a United States Marine and a bombardier pilot.
"Sears is sort of like the civil service, in that everything moves very slowly."
In Maine, an L. L. Bean heiress, Linda Bean, won her Republican Congressional race.
The main opponent of General Aidid, Mohammed Ali Mahdi, has long welcomed the idea of the United Nations troops.
He delivers a mild electric shock to the back of the knee and measures the time it takes for the sensory message to pass up to the spinal cord and the resulting motor message to travel back down to the calf, causing the foot to jerk.
Each node is grown in culture in laboratory conditions to produce a shoot with three to four "daughter" nodes, which may be divided again into individual nodes for further multiplication or rooted for plant production.
Of all households, they accounted for 20 percent, up from about 16 percent 10 years earlier.
At moments like that, Mr. Clinton seems to be back to the beginning, as he puts it, of his campaign, back to issues, away from the rough challenge of the character issue and making people believe in politics again.
Her mother is the principal of Pinewood Elementary School in Monticello.
Both Sotheby's and Christie's already have similar operations in New York.
If properly cared for, hand caning should last 20 years, he said.
Other Administration officials expressed anger at Mr. Stephanopoulos's challenge to compare the Bush and Clinton programs, noting that many elements of the Clinton plan were identical with Mr. Bush's proposals.
Although no official reason was given, people have reportedly been arrested in the streets here for singing its Carnival song that seemingly warns the army leadership, "If you kill, you will run into problems at a dangerous crossroads."
One of the most popular theories of recent years supposes that structure began in an "inflationary universe," a universe that at one point in its evolution almost instantaneously sprang from a size smaller than the elementary particles in atoms to something many orders of magnitude greater.
After high school, Mr. Schuman entered the School of Commerce at New York University, but hearing a symphony concert inspired him to study music seriously.
"Offense was our major weakness," Hunsicker said.
It's really not so bad."
But he refused to meet with them, he said.
Bergelt Litchfield Inc. in New York was named to handle advertising and marketing services for WNET, Channel 13, Newark and New York.
"It does," Dr. Angel said.
A6 SYRIA IS DELAYING PULLOUT Syria said it would not withdraw its troops from Lebanon until the Lebanese completed promised political changes, including an end to its system of distributing Government posts along sectarian lines.
Even with their Tuesday night triumph at Byrne Meadowlands Arena, they are only 3-6 on the road, in contrast to 11-1 at Madison Square Garden.
Their badge of intellectual respectability is the "new trade theory," a modern critique of the century-old logic of free trade.
Officials here say this two-pronged peace effort was urged by Azerbaijan and Armenia as well as by the Russian Government after Moscow's own mediation efforts appeared to founder, in part because the Azerbaijanis have long regarded the Russians as overly sympathetic to the Armenians.
Officials said Mr. Bush had spent much of the day talking privately with the Israeli leader on his patio, which looks across jagged black rocks to the waves of the Gulf of Maine.
Critics contend that Mr. Perot's efforts to obtain an early discharge, spearheaded by his father's petitioning a congressman from Texas, suggest the use of improper political influence and raise doubts about his character.
To Mexicans, the indulgence with which it follows Julia (played by Maria Rojo), a Mexico City telephone operator who goes in search of her missing dance partner, has tended to recall old Mexican films that celebrated their music and fairy-tale plots un-self-consciously.
In the City Council Transportation Committee, opposition to the plan is already growing.
HANG TIME Days and Dreams With Michael Jordan.
It was a rare case of Israeli civilian witnesses publicly challenging a military account of a shooting in the occupied territories.
*3*** COMPANY REPORTS ** View Full Article in Timesmachine »
"The results were so similar, it is extraordinary," Dr. Collins said.
These are the elements of "Shape Your Body Workout," which centers on a riveting performance by Cindy Crawford in what could otherwise have been a very ordinary role.
Dallas was 11-5 last year and made the playoffs, so the team has already established some consistency.
It could still be surreal, but it wouldn't have to pretend.
Next comes a light broth like "basil water" with a tomato terrine wrapped in Napa cabbage.
Last week, Oung Phan, Cambodia's former Transportation Minister and now its best-known political dissident, was shot and seriously wounded by gunmen said to be riding in a military-style jeep.
board, Mr. Stangl said the agreement that he believed had been hammered out among the five political entities involved in the fare debate -- the Mayor, the Governor, the Assembly, the Senate and the M.T.A.
More information is available by calling 763-3132.
The President's punning, or paronomasia, in which he played off the "separations of powers" against the "power of separations" was a muddle, and his suggestion that Saddam Hussein had been appropriately dealt with by being "locked .
All this attention for Daxor is something of a novelty.
The Hershey offer will run until Oct. 31, two weeks longer than the Mars offer.
Jane Carter Wiesenthal, the daughter of Mr. and Mrs. Richard S. Wiesenthal of New York, was married last evening to Jay Arman Cohen, the son of Mr. and Mrs. William B. Cohen of Hamden, Conn.
Even traditional mass murderers, like serial killers and snipers, aim at individuals, not crowds, Mr. Sherman said.
There was a comeback from a one-run deficit against the career saves leader.
He appears weak, walks with a cane and seems to have difficulty keeping up with business at committee meetings.
These complex and often fascinating artists will not be on view until Part II of "The Century of Tung Chi-chang" opens in December.
"Helping Polluters Clean Up Their Act" (June 14) fails to mention the sum but blithely likens E.P.A.
"Englewood's board and now more and more of its faculty are seeing that we have the possibility to be an educational leader in this country with the restructuring of how we're teaching."
Often they live near highways, incinerators or toxic waste sites.
They should be receiving the filings in Washington within three minutes from now."
We all have reason to fight for gay liberation and to celebrate its victories.
Indeed, he said, it has never been profitable since Stroehmann acquired it.
Steven Roth, president of Barry Leeds & Associates, a New York-based market research firm for banks, says such charges of early discrimination are true.
Delta matched American and some of the United Airlines and Northwest markets.
"There's that proper British edge, and all those flat, pulled-in-tight sounds of South African that reflect the world they live in."
The hockey season ends; the Stanley Cup season begins.
Welcome once again everybody to "Weicker in the Morning," where wacky, caustic morning deejay Gov.
Executives at Mastercard in New York would not comment.
Alec Baldwin got $250,000 for three days' work.
"They should have done all this 20 years ago."
"I was an undercover operative in a car sting four years ago," he said.
Had not President F. W. de Klerk made the decision to visit the community after the attack (front page, June 21), perhaps this incident would have been dismissed like the many preceding it.
Editorials/Op-Ed 18-19 Editorials A smart start on ethics.
Yet this has obviously been no match for the espiritismo he got from his grandfather while growing up in Puerto Rico.
Mr. Tloome returned to South Africa from Zambia in late 1990 after the South African Government lifted a ban on the congress and freed its long-imprisoned leader, Nelson Mandela.
White scholars claim it was variously a surrogate or a preparation for war; native scholars say it was pure sport, with spiritual overtones.
The company said this year's third-quarter earnings were up 18 percent from last year if a 1991 gain of $103 million from special items is excluded.
Providence (13-13, 5-9) led throughout.
"I unequivocally reject military jihad," he said, "but jihad can also be waged through politics, education and the media."
She specializes in a kind of large, abstract pot or vase without openings whose functionless volumes are incontestably sculptural and whose glazed surfaces, replete with expertly casual drips and calligraphic strokes, have strong ties to drawing and painting.
"Baseball games are of indeterminate length.
JACK EISEN Emeryville, Calif., July 21, 1992 The writer retired in 1986 from The Washington Post.
The newcomers are estimated to be arriving at 10,000 a month.
Mr. Salaam is a good storyteller who deftly blends a range of dance styles.
If anybody was to bother them, I would help, and I would look into it the best I could."
Tuesday is the final day of the tournament for the Arbour Cup, symbolic of training-camp superiority.
Paul Westphal, the new coach, will have talent to work with, and Barkley may be rejuvenated by the change in scenery.
Representative Maxine Waters, a Democrat whose district includes part of South-Central Los Angeles, said today that Mr. Bradley had made some mistakes, like characterizing the rioters as "hoodlums and thugs."
But the most action is in the Canadian Rockies of British Columbia, in mountain ranges with unlikely names like the Bugaboos, Cariboos, Monashees, Adamants, Gothics and Bobbie Burns.
I'll never forget the place in Kansas City where the slice of roast beef was bigger than the plate!
"They are both community banks that concentrate on consumers and small businesses."
Work with other parents of disabled children to set up support systems and to make schools attentive to your children's strengths and needs.
But the center says that people with no computer experience may start with an 8 A.M. crash course in the use of the computer and other electronic imaging devices.
If the majority of Americans have no deep concerns for a hockey strike, it seems a bit much to expect them to be worked up about the issues.
IT'S not hard to see the flaws in vending machines.
A spokesman for Senator Joseph Biden, Democrat of Delaware, who is chairman of the committee, said that there was no final date for consideration of the nominations but that the Senators would probably be adjourning by early October.
Pessimistic Appraisals "If you ask any company outside of the circles of people who are already present in the Caribbean where they are looking to invest in the near future, they'll all tell you Mexico," James M. McElyea, a vice president of the Wilson Sporting Goods Company, said at a recent annual conference of investors, industrialists and trade officials from the Caribbean in Miami.
Where to Stay The Inn at Temple Square, 71 West South Temple, (801) 531-1000, is appointed in 18th-century English style, with a mezzanine library, grand piano and fireplace.
The several charmless costume-drama paintings of Old Europe here seem to imply that painters of the 1880's made only escapist art for rich patrons, though in fact Thomas Eakins and Winslow Homer were producing some of their most challenging narrative work at just this time.
"This is the fourth in line, and it's difficult to see how they'll compete."
But on some matters, such as an overhaul of the state's health insurance system, negotiators for the Governor and the Legislature seem stuck on the same issues that divided them when they began talking.
"Looks like it will take my best.
In an editorial, it chastised Mr. Mellor for trying to blame his misfortunes on the press.
4 2 BACKLASH, by Susan Faludi.
Although agency officials have repeatedly said that the new guidelines would be issued soon, Dr. Sullivan has not acted on them.
He was forever demanding apologies in Parliament and being asked to apologize in turn, sometimes for personal remarks and sometimes for policy statements.
-------------------- NEXT: Finding new uses for the Federal research-and-development establishment.
In millions of barrels except refinery utilization Source: American Petroleum Institute
I was just trying to fire myself up.
But most are so outdated as to be of little value.
Dozens of uniformed officers have been posted near schools in the neighborhoods to deter crimes and elicit leads.
He has not missed a start, and he has not muttered a word when he has pitched through pain.
We don't have a government that cares about us.
"Maybe Joe didn't know his son was getting a scholarship," Mr. McNulty said.
His wife of 49 years, the former Margaret Metcalf, died in 1990.
Quinn said free agency would promote a better league and said that "it took guts for these eight players to get in this courtroom and fight those bunch of monopolists."
Rick Pitino, the Kentucky coach and a New Yorker who learned the building's exits and entrances in four years as a Knick coach, has the place well marked.
"Now when you drop in one IC, you've dropped in 432 components, and the customer has no idea what is going on in there."
One of the firemen was in critical condition, the other in serious condition.
And they provide a wider choice of services than the on-line services can deliver.
Her first marriage ended in divorce.
My voice rose with indignation.
In Ms. Anderson's play, the evil is generic.
She's studied the column for weeks to determine the best timing and story angle that might, not coincidentally, bolster business at the annual Plant Sale.
With Prime Minister John Major's Conservative Government stymied by the longest and most persistent recession of modern times, the British Labor Party has named a new shadow cabinet that hopes it will not be stuck in opposition for too many more years.
The bill would wisely make permanent the low-income housing tax credit, which promotes new home construction in urban ghettos.
" Asked if other officers might be experiencing the same conflicted thoughts, he said, "I think so.
Common Stock * Paging NetworkInc., Dallas, filed for six million shares to be sold by certain stockholders and $200 million of senior subordinated notes, due 2002.
*3*** COMPANY REPORTS ** View Full Article in Timesmachine »
In recent weeks, the controllers used the last ounces of Pioneer's fuel to raise its orbit as the planet's atmosphere slowly dragged the spacecraft down.
Here are the moves for Game 19 of the match between Bobby Fischer and Boris Spassky.
I'd be sitting, speechless, on a beach somewhere.
N Y New York D'Amato (R) .
The woods were full of white-throated sparrows feeding on the luminescent black berries of the buckthorn, and more than one redbellied woodpecker, which doesn't have a red belly so much as a gorgeous red cap that gives it the appearance of some safety-minded biker with one of those new stream-lined aerodynamic helmets.
Based on three weeks' experience, the record is now 8-8 for teams playing their last games before a weekend off.
Or who's a boy and who's a girl.
But twice a month Christina retreats from a world where she often feels unwelcome to take part in a program that tries to reduce the isolation of children who are deaf or hard of hearing.
For the next 11 years, she and her husband lived "in one room.
When I saw an old blue luster vase in a cluttered window, I had found Ayoub, at 45 Rue Zitouna, one of the shops I was looking for.
Yields on three-month Treasury bills rose to 3.12 percent as the discount rose 6 basis points, to 3.06 percent.
"There are times in every woman's life when it is a greater relief to swear than to pray" and "Women can stand more work, more trouble, and more religion than men."
Starting times were delayed one hour because of frost on the greens, backing up the field and making it impossible to finish play before daylight faded.
"This is a new message," he added.
Timothy S. Healy, the president of the library, said branch libraries throughout the city, too, would have political window displays in July.
"Urban America's problems are America's problems.
He promised a full investigation to determine if any protesters had broken the law and whether on-duty officers were too lenient.
And it also illustrates the problems when several lenders are involved, diverse institutions that cannot always agree among themselves and may occasionally be working at cross purposes.
C2 Columns: Vecsey on Magic Johnson.
"Haven't you heard of Beatniks?"
The source said witnesses told investigators that Mr. Kelly had reached into his coat during the confrontation.
President Bush's re-election effort is still haunted by criticism of steps taken by his Administration to shore up President Saddam Hussein before Iraq invaded Kuwait in August 1990.
"Even now, I get calls every once in a while," Mr. Palmetto said.
"I had mixed emotions, but I still wanted us to win.
There was even plenty of time to stop and greet me, late though I was, and even for me to be asked to address a few words to them.
"He loved storytelling, and he loved anything that imposed a structure.
We know that if we go beyond a certain point, we would lower the vitality of the Japanese economy.
The scientists hope to expose chestnuts to the less virulent strain of fungus, essentially inoculating them by giving them a less harmless blight that will dominate over the virulent strain.
Parliament voted today to approve what some Israeli experts view as a historic change in the country's electoral system by passing a law providing for direct election of the Prime Minister.
"If a young quarterback makes mistakes," said Coach Ray Handley of the Giants, "it's usually in reading coverage.
did on Dec. 11 at the summit meeting in Dakar, Senegal, of leaders of the Islamic nations.
Parade the ghost of the 19th-century interior-design crusader Edith Wharton through this house and even her famously critical eye would relax its squint.
This "externalities" argument is not cut and dried.
If an officer is transferred, the apartment goes over to the state and will not be assigned to another officer.
Indeed, in what is turning into a banner year for foreign investment -- a fact often obscured by tense relations with the United States -- consumer product companies are advertising aggressively, building distribution networks, placing salesmen around the country, adding product lines and building their first wholly owned plants.
Companies General Motors got more takers than it expected for its stock offering, enabling it to sell 55 million shares, or 5 million more than it had planned.
But the Knicks awakened yesterday.
In a debate last night at Lehman College in the Bronx, Mr. Clinton made it clear that he intended to use every possible public forum to hammer Mr. Brown on his tax proposal.
workers at parts plants were also idled.
Likelihood of meeting fellow bikers in dining room: Excellent, especially at bar.
The scope of the dinner suggests a trade organization of size or import.
The Department of Veterans Affairs is the largest health-care provider in the United States, with 172 hospitals, 127 nursing homes and 93 clinics.
There's a lot to dream.
In the 1992 campaign, Mr. Clinton has advocated reforming the welfare system to oblige able recipients to work and establishing boot camps that would offer "harsh punishment" to juvenile criminals.
Dr. Shaheer Yousaf, an orthopedic surgeon in Waldorf, Md., who came to the United States from Pakistan in 1975, questioned the practice in his homeland and other Islamic countries of "artificially changing their schedules."
But, in general, those who make national teams are barely beyond junior high school.
The most convenient height for task lighting is about 15 inches above the work surface.
A Swiss au pair, acquitted of murder and arson, has decided not to pursue a $20 million civil lawsuit against the state, Westchester County and the town of Mount Pleasant.
There are catchy nuggets in each song, but the drawback is that the band's eclecticism quickly builds an appetite for even more variety.
Instead, they will have to post bonds equal to the amount of the taxes, and will forfeit the bonds and start paying cash if the taxes are confirmed in further decisions by the Commerce Department and the International Trade Commission next spring and summer.
The staff helps with resumes and job-search suggestions.
Belle Donne has owned the parcel since the mid-1980's, when it developed the neighboring Chase Manhattan Bank building for the bank's national credit card operation.
Mr. Rinaldi scheduled a meeting today with officials from the demolition company, Big Apple Wrecking; the general contractor, Lehrer McGovern Bovis, and engineers for the the developer, Millenium Partners.
Among the true believers, pessimism remains a minority view.
It wasn't so long ago that the Olympic Peninsula, home of the only temperate rain forest in the contiguous United States, called itself the logging capital of the world.
Fleshing Out Health Care Appearing before a group of employees at Merck & Company, the big pharmaceutical manufacturer in Rahway, N.J., Gov.
Bush began the eighth with a single, and Jarvis Brown, running for him, eventually scored on a groundout by Pedro Munoz.
If he came to West Philadelphia, Mr. Edwards said, "I wouldn't even like to be here."
Senator Lloyd Bentsen, the Texas Democrat who heads the Finance Committee, and Representative Richard A. Gephardt, the Missouri Democrat and majority leader, criticized the Administration this week for preparing to send the document to Congress even though some of the detailed legal language had not been worked out.
Without you, there will be no future.
There are alternatives -- use of the rudimentary Soviet space station; extended shuttle flights; design of a space station devoted solely to biomedical experiments.
A wealthy Colonial patriot, James Beekman, built his mansion, named Mount Pleasant, at what is now the corner of 51st Street and First Avenue.
In the first, Indiana will play Florida State.
This year a three-week trip to Mongolia and the Siberian Far East, including three days on the Trans-Siberian Express, cost $6,480.
The other victim, Paul Speid, 22, was shot in the head and was also pronounced dead at the scene.
The company was formed to develop the island, since under Internal Revenue Service regulations the nonprofit Guggenheim Foundation may not have a controlling interest in a profit-making enterprise.
The Heade, which has appeared in many a Luminist show, is itself incandescent with the afterglow of a setting sun that gilds the clouds and turns the marsh waters to blood.
"I put on a concert in my backyard," Tracy Rose of East Setauket said.
Cook for 2 to 3 minutes.
"This is an important development for trucking companies because, next to fuel, tires are the most expensive operating cost," said Bryan L. Kinnamon, Goodyear's general manager for truck tires.
Rusting Submarines Hold Spent Fuel Just downstream from this icy port, dozens of rusting nuclear submarines are moored side by side awaiting decommissioning and the removal of tons of toxic spent nuclear fuel from their reactors.
Before he was toppled from power after bouts with alcoholism and public indiscretions with a striptease dancer in 1974, Mr. Mills, the longtime chairman of the House Ways and Means Committee, was one of the two or three most powerful men on Capitol Hill.
Fourteen months after two Brooklyn College professors filed a wide-ranging sex-discrimination complaint against the college's athletic department, Federal civil rights officials have largely upheld the complaint, and the college has agreed to implement broad reforms.
Cornish hens are an American hybrid of an American fowl, the Plymouth Rock hen and a British bird, the Cornish or bantam rooster.
The premise is that they, and millions of other immigrants, are viewed with hostility and even fear mainly because they are Muslims.
And the transitions from the general to the particular sometimes produces clunky prose: "By creating in words patterns of experience, man found some escape from his brief and changeful years."
Year-ago periods were adjusted to reflect a 4-for-3 stock split effected Oct. 4, 1991.
In 1987, Paul de Man, a native of Belgium, a Yale professor and a leading deconstructionist who had died four years before, was exposed as the author of a large number of pro-Nazi articles in his youth.
All those rallies protesting sexism downtown at the new SoHo annex of the Guggenheim, where guards encourage visitors in clogs, Birkenstocks or spike heels to walk over Carl Andre's steel floor sculptures.
Vomiting from intestinal flu can occur as a reflex to abdominal cramping or diarrhea even though no microbes are present in the stomach, Dr. Goldfinger, the Boston expert, said.
The Hogs were nearly unrecognizable.
TRANSPORTATION: New Haven line on weekday schedules.
In return for shipments of Soviet oil and gas, the Finns had an exclusive market in Moscow for everything from giant icebreakers to the tuxedos that outfit Soviet state orchestras.
Last week, the Agriculture Department opened Plum Island to the press for the first time in 14 years amid questions surrounding the operation and work of the island.
The negotiations on the rule change, which was first proposed in 1990, had dragged on for many months because of disputes between the Treasury Department, the E.P.A.
And our stories have not really been told.
"I think they thought it was too old-fashioned," he said.
They will pray and sing their own hymns and plan strategies for confronting the Operation Rescue forces when they come to New York in July.
Joe Keller is a master blamer who avoided accountability for shipping cracked cylinder heads that caused the deaths of 21 pilots during World War II.
Jocelyn is losing his equilibrium, feeling so sexually frustrated that he becomes obsessed with Pierre's wife, Toni (Solveig Dommartin).
LESS TIME WITH BALL The Jets entered Sunday's game with an average possession time of 25 minutes 51 seconds.
The suspended detective, Humberto Arroyo, assigned to the Manhattan North Homicide Task Force, and the sergeant, Michael Rodriguez, a patrol supervisor in the 34th Precinct in Washington Heights, took perhaps "hundreds of thousands of dollars," the police said, after two suspected drug dealers were killed in the car, the victims of a drive-by shooting.
It cannot be pleasant to be hounded by a posse of architectural busybodies.
Some local papers like The Windy City Times of Chicago have been cited for their aggressive coverage of city politics and community news.
They were jolted upward most recently when Hurricane Andrew tore through the Gulf of Mexico last month, knocking out about 5 percent of the nation's gas output for several weeks.
We spent our days walking the five miles of maintained trails, some leading inland, others skirting the coast, or sunning at the island's southern end where the beach is wide and expansive.
"Dave really earned the certificate," said his trainer, Vincent Ornelas.
As Goering's German counsel, Bernie McInerney is a continent removed in accent and manner, and the offstage voices of members of the tribunal are lacking in authority.
And he predicted that no matter who was President, the agreement would be approved by Congress.
He agreed not to violate certain Federal securities laws again and to pay a penalty of $365,797.91, which includes civil penalties of $154,861 as well as trading profits and interest.
Mr. Schumer said Mr. Kloske told him he was under the daily supervision of former Commerce Secretary Robert A. Mosbacher "about what information was being provided" to Congress.
In the reorganization of the Army after the war, he was assigned the rank of lieutenant colonel in the Seventh Cavalry.
Susan Weeks, a spokeswoman at Citibank, said the bank is supposed to require more proof of identification than a Social Security number to change an account address.
Banning the status issue from responsible debate accomplishes nothing constructive.
Although the town board rejected one project, we will carefully review every other proposed housing project, and anticipate that Greenburgh will continue to be a leader when it comes to sensible housing.
At Perry Street Theater, 31 Perry Street, Manhattan.
"And a tooth for a tooth," says Adele Arms, a sales clerk whose immediate and unswerving opinion about capital punishment echoes what nearly everyone in town had to say this morning about the death penalty.
As Mr. Brown expands the department from the 27,000 he had when he took charge to 31,000 by the 1995 fiscal year, the Narcotics Division will also grow.
The officials are seeking the removal of the party's secretary general, Abdel Hamid Mehri, and its strongest figure, former Prime Minister Mouloud Hamroush, both of whom have criticized the coup against Mr. Benjedid.
Rose Wallace, who adapted the New Chance model to the Mid-Manhattan Adult Learning Center, where she is now assistant principal, said the program's goal is to "take young people and move them from public assistance -- the crutch that they've been using -- to economic independence."
A victory for democracy and freedom in the former U.S.S.R. creates the possibility of a new world of peace for our children and grandchildren.
Most of the original plot and character are retained, and the 31-year-old San Francisco Mime Troupe, which specializes in mounting original works based on timely political issues, produced it.
Neither Mr. Florio nor Mr. Haytaian tried to make a too much of their joint transit venture, but each side it demonstrated that they could and will cooperate.
The daily independent Ad Diyar said both the Government of President Hrawi and the national reconciliation pact were coming apart.
So how could the possessor and master of such a voice possibly resist the urge to display its every nuance?
Santa Fe ** 52 Broadway, Tivoli, N.Y., (914) 757-4100.
Although the admiral, who now serves as the director of the National Security Agency, said in his prepared statement that the cold war had dominated the focus of his career, there were no questions about such subjects as his assessment of instability in the former Soviet Union or the danger of proliferation of weapons of mass destruction.
When she returned to New York last fall, she began helping lawyers in Harlem before deciding to open her own practice.
Israel's affirmation of its position, the gulf between Syria and Israel, the approaching Presidential elections in the United States and the latest violence are almost certain to affect the progress of peace talks in Washington.
But transit officials and an advocate for the homeless said they thought that most of the incidents were copycat crimes, rather than a trend of violence against homeless people.
He was in the Naval Reserve until 1962.
A sharp decline in sales of luxury items, a glut of commercial real estate and a dearth of tourists in the last two years are changing its retail landscape.
Norman says of the butchery of the battlefield, it "made them more humane, brought out the woman in them, if you will, their best part."
Drexler must sit out the next five games, keeping him on the bench at least until a road game Jan. 9 against San Antonio.
The company is listed on the Nasdaq National Market System.
To emphasize the importance of the competition, the participation of the United States in the prestigious South American championships in Ecuador, one week after the United States Cup ends, has been downgraded to a second priority -- with the blessing of FIFA, soccer's governing body.
Mr. Yeltsin, having told Mr. Chernomyrdin to put together a Government by Tuesday, then went off to China, while Mr. Chernomyrdin made his first official trip outside Moscow, going to Kazakhstan.
"You have to hustle," he said.
"Somehow we have to get new mobile homes for these people.
Mr. Dijak, a senior vice president and associate creative director, gained attention when his driver's license appeared in a BMW advertisement.
Members of the United States Conference of Mayors and other urban advocates plan to march on Washington on Saturday to demand billions of dollars in new Federal aid to the cities after the riots in Los Angeles.
"Given the role of Nixon and the passions the case aroused, the hardest thing that anyone can do is remain open to new evidence," he said.
To help technicians with the increasingly difficult task of trouble-shooting, many auto makers have devised expensive computerized diagnostic tools for their dealers.
Few Brazilian or Paraguayan buyers take this step, instead relying on local contacts to make their purchases for them.
But it laid firm claim to the No.
Its producers are Rosalie Swedlin, a former agent at Creative Artists Agency, who now runs a movie production company, and her husband, Robert Cort, the president of Interscope Communications, a movie production company that was recently taken over by Polygram.
Now, what is it I'm looking for?
There's a long campaign ahead in which to press for detail.
That return to competitiveness is discouraging the less traditional student."
As business declined in some of its 49 divisions over the last decade, 3M retrained and reassigned 3,500 people to other, faster-growing operations.
Instead we sold $940 worth of Mary Quant-like minis.
Wrap the broccoli head in foil, seasoning it with olive oil, parsley, salt and pepper.
He also joined in the call for civil concord, but in a formulation that was hardly enthusiastic: "We are doomed to be united by the current situation."
Croatia encouraged the referendum on Bosnia's independence and immediately recognized Bosnia and Herzegovina as an independent state.
For example, Mr. Hill's "Lucky Luke," like many of the new hybrid productions, is a slightly cockeyed look at the old Hollywood frontier myths.
The court found that Mr. Bober took part in a scheme to create false invoices that inflated the company's financial figures, bolstering the value of its stock.
Throughout the Government and among business executives, some of the most important and powerful people are the children of leaders.
The apparent cause of death was heart disease, relatives said.
In the face of Mies van der Rohe's dictum, "Less is more," Mr. Venturi declared, "Less is a bore."
"Implanted in Eddie, dybbuk-like, is this little speaker, this unknown and unheard of courage," the 57-year-old actor said over dinner after a recent preview.
Finding Corruption Amid Resentment Some officers accuse Internal Affairs investigators of frittering away Department resources investigating relatively minor complaints against officers accused of sleeping on the job or accepting free food from friendly restaurateurs.
And the board's president, H. Carl McCall, said he was still hopeful that the vote might be overturned when members of the majority coalition realized the implications of enforcing the pledge.
And there are Talmudic riddles that have engendered less furor than whether proper kugel should contain raisins.
Alberto Vitale, president of Random House Inc., said that his company's position "has been made by the A.A.P.," adding that he felt that statement was much stronger than the one issued by the Authors Guild.
The lack of such data and the unpredictability of this type of cancer have led some doctors in the field to say it is not clear yet whether Mr. Tsongas is cured and whether, if a relapse occurs, he could serve out his term.
American steel companies, which have become increasingly export oriented in recent years, now supply about 15 percent of the Canadian market.
Royals 5, Red Sox 2 BOSTON (AP) -- Kevin Appier pitched eight strong innings as Kansas City beat Boston for only their fourth victory in 23 games.
DePaul held a 33-32 lead at the half.
The recovery is being fueled both by the expanding private sector and, surprisingly, by state-owned companies that have managed to shift exports quickly from the East Bloc to the West.
Quietly shelved in the 1930's, when "Gone With the Wind" came out, this languorous 900-page novel of the antebellum South, written by a lifelong Parisian, re-creates the feeling of eternal childhood afternoons filled with adults' talk.
Some families have crept up to the barbed-wire barriers ringing Sarajevo airport, wriggled beneath them or cut their way through, and headed across the runway and into the United Nations airport zone.
After the buffet dinner was over and the cake cut, the newlyweds planted a young cedar tree in the yard, a Bermudan tradition symbolizing the beginning of their new life together.
Other cuts tend to be somewhat fibrous.
Since September, Mr. Vlasto said, guards using detectors have confiscated 1,779 weapons, including guns, knives, box cutters and pen knives.
Perhaps they were even a bit like ourselves.
Joining the Power Trip Brawn has the edge on brains, at the moment, and while a combination of talent and strength remains desirable, technology has provided the Goliaths with sufficient ammunition to take shortcuts toward the top.
Rice, who also set a team record yesterday by catching at least 1 pass in 106 consecutive games, finished with 4 catches for 93 yards.
It is the season of reckoning for Teach for America, the program that two years ago dispatched nearly 500 top college graduates to teach in the most troubled schools in America.
After the voices told him that he should "take a drive," Mr. White said, he would go out and befriend a woman at a bar.
No one here doubts that Mr. Bush had constitutional power to issue the pardons, which aborted two pending trials and erased the effects of four convictions obtained by Lawrence E. Walsh, the independent prosecutor.
At the same time, her discussions of the plays and sonnets are spirited, informative and provocative; her writing is direct, lucid and admirably free of pedantic cant.
Then if they want to pursue me, it will be a money issue with me.'
Yesterday he turned up at the opening of the new Baltimore baseball stadium, determined to absorb some free publicity and perhaps repair his emerging reputation as a guy who cannot get a ball over the plate.
Among the corporations that have left: Mobil Oil, American Airlines, Trans World Airlines, Western Union and the J. C. Penney Company.
Tomorrow, Mr. Abrams is to begin a bus trip upstate with other prominent Democrats to promote the Clinton-Gore ticket.
The treaty, laying the foundations for a common European currency as early as 1997 and urging a common foreign and security policy wherever possible, provides that it can only go into effect if all 12 countries ratify it.
The standup tasting, "Chardonnay From Grapes to Greatness," will run from 5 to 7 P.M. in the Lenz courtyard.
The acquisition -- made through a new French holding company, IBCA-Notation Groupe, which is 70 percent owned by Centenaire Blanzy -- makes it one of the world's major rating agencies and represents a large step toward creation of a European credit agency.
"For years, people are going to cite the lessons of the Persian Gulf."
Domestic sales are expected to recover soon but analysts said that the rise would not be big and that Nissan might not be the first to benefit.
Whether Mr. Lynch leaves City Hall, where he has played a major role in resolving many crises like the racial conflict in Crown Heights and budget deadlocks with the City Council, will depend entirely on Mayor Dinkins, Mr. Lynch said.
Projected number of people worldwide infected with H.I.V.
He is by instinct a negative campaigner.
Bill Clinton of Arkansas, says the Government is creating too many inflexible and costly programs that reduce the states' ability to cope with social and financial problems they consider more pressing.
solidifies in many states, moderates and even some conservatives warn that the great tent is now pitched so far to the right on "family values" issues that it is in danger of falling over.
The cooling effect caused by the smoke, she said, "is just masking the greenhouse effect, adding, "If you stopped the burning you would immediately start to feel the effect of global warming."
Besides, she asked, "How many companies, whether they're financial institutions or not, could really say they have a positive intent to hold till maturity any of their assets?"
Another book, "The Dead Sea Scrolls Deception" by two British journalists, Michael Baigent and Richard Leigh, has revived the conspiracy theory that the Roman Catholic authorities have suppressed some texts because they could undermine church doctrine.
'She Didn't Care Any More' "I just thought she didn't care any more," he said, staring straight at his lawyer, Jerri A. Blair, and not turning to look at his natural mother 20 feet away.
Mr. Byrd is a West Virginia Democrat who heads the Senate Appropriations Committee.
When Tyson was asked why he had thrown punches one at a time against Ruddock, he said he was being "careful."
Fortunately, on Friday night and Saturday afternoon, much of the dancing soared.
Interviews with voters leaving the polls showed she captured about half the white vote and virtually every black voter who went to the polls.
This document, finally agreed to today after arduous negotiations, asks the Secretary General to prepare his report on strengthening the organization's peacemaking role, affirms the summit's support for the principles of collective security laid down in the Charter and calls for new disarmament measures to stop the spread of weapons of mass destruction.
He was 79 years old.
1 TOUGH CALL FOR THE U.N.
Woolworth Closing Stores The Woolworth Corporation said it planned to close, sell or reformat 900 of its 6,500 stores.
I have always thought of my employees as family.
"There are poisons that have to work their way out of the system."
Also, the company has high retiree pension costs.
The story is a contrast and a prelude to the humble responsiveness of Abraham, he added, but not without stirring objections.
They cost more, wear poorly and have absolutely no function.
Nearby landfills are no longer available, and Wheelabrator, Mr. Wood said, is the only company able to provide a nearby "home for Westchester's trash," at its Bridgeport plant.
But we, Dave Checketts, Pat Riley and I, all work as a team over here.
suspended payments on a three-year, $2.5 billion credit package after Poland's budget deficit and inflation rate exceeded the accepted targets.
There's a topic that ought to be right up his alley.
His movements are feral, his language and his temper foul.
Bowery Boys and Material Girls People like to be fabulous in odd places.
In the 70's, the organization seemed to grow stuffier.
At a news conference today, the book's co-author, Mike Rothmiller, a former detective in the unit, said he had sent an advance copy of the book to Chief Williams.
Along one wall, someone had spray painted the slogan: "No to military dictatorship.
"This is a safe haven of choice," the official said.
Follow the label instructions on products that must be refrigerated or that have an expiration date.
The nonprofit program, which started in the United States in 1904, matches a volunteer of 21 years of age or older with a child of 7 to 18 years.
"I wish there were public schools like this," said Manuel Billups, an 11-year-old who is enrolled in the Summerbridge program at Riverdale Country School in the Bronx and who will be a seventh grader at Intermediate School 164 in Harlem in the fall.
"If there was a misunderstanding with the Vietnamese, it is not so important now as the fact that we have an agreement that pleases everybody," Mr. Destatte said.
Specter of Gorbachev Vice President Wang Zhen, an acid-mouthed octogenarian who peppers his conversations with village expletives, is said to have warned colleagues last year that "there is a Gorbachev sleeping beside us."
West points to the need for new leaders -- "neither saints nor sparkling television personalities" -- who can "activate possibilities for a freer, more efficient and stable America."
"Not to have done so would have seemed an act of filial impiety," he writes.
Sanderson, who is 36 years old, has compiled a record of 143-121 since he entered the big leagues in 1978 with the Montreal Expos.
Among the additional steps being considered, officials said, were the elimination of existing tax breaks for settlers and the removal of incentives that have lowered housing prices and eased mortgage terms for those moving into the West Bank and Gaza.
Amid mounting public impatience, widespread confusion and rising estimates of the hurricane damage inflicted on South Florida, the authorities are struggling to restore water, electricity and other basic services.
Tony Pickard didn't know if it was the highlight of Stefan Edberg's career, but he was certain that no coach has ever had a prouder moment.
's and other networks, plus 40 million in traditional health plans that second-guess physicians.
"She is trying to take a national issue and look at it at the local level," said Kelly Farr, a spokesman for Consumers Power.
As 15,000 university students added their voices today to mounting protests calling for a change of government, legislators from Serbia and Montenegro, the only remaining republics in the Yugoslav federation, elected a 71-year-old author of best-selling Serbian sagas as President.
Earnings per share rose to $1.20, from 99 cents for the quarter last year, excluding the accounting change.
Although the company has not been as steady a performer as Electronic Arts, the market nevertheless appears to be signaling that Acclaim's stock deserves to trade at an earnings multiple of more than 20, much closer to that of Electronic Arts' current price-earnings multiple of around 30.
Unfortunately, all the volume, brilliance and length in the world will not sell shameless cliches like these to self-respecting ears.
But Dr. Adamov adamantly defends his country's general approach to reactor design, if not its safety failures.
"But among those problems," he said, "the seepage of brine from unplugged wells into fresh water aquifers can be the most difficult to identify and clean up because it is hidden pollution, taking place underground."
Performances continue through next Sunday.
Mrs. Escobar and her husband, Huvel Sandoval, said Cesar recognized them, spoke a few words and walked a few steps.
"But to beat LeMond in a time trial is a boost for me."
The French Government warned that a no vote on European union Sunday could hurt the franc.
The next move was to fill Mr. Hongisto's post as assessor.
In the wake of new revelations about Paul E. Tsongas's recurrence of cancer after an experimental bone marrow transplant, the former Senator from Massachusetts made a pledge last week.
Such one-number services will, at least for a time, lead to a vast increase in demand for telephone numbers.
While the television producer Linda Bloodworth-Thomason was working this week on a biographical film about her friend Bill Clinton to precede his acceptance speech at the Democratic National Convention tonight, she amused herself by cutting a short subject on the side.
The only issues are cost, and how best to do it.
This will be the 12th consecutive year for the restraints, although they were originally conceived as a temporary measure to give Detroit a chance to grow more competitive.
It Began in the Snow The recognition of Blue Jays excellence has been a long time in building.
Last Hurdles Resolved The main provisions of the treaty are stunning to those who followed the steady growth of strategic weapons throughout the cold war.
Mr. Theroux chronicles any number of sympathetic and even wise people: village elders, merchants, artists, farmers and fishers.
"In D.C. we've got five black radio stations, and they all play the exact same thing: new jack swing; L.A. and Babyface.
Her mother worked for the manufacturer of the machine, and so Ms. Behm had access to one in her home.
'Modest' Jail Needed Mr. Escobar said that he was not sure if he would surrender again but that his lawyers had contacted the General Prosecutor's office to negotiate a possible sentence.
Yet the results achieved so far seem disappointing to many observers here.
And we will convert a substantial portion of our strategic bombers to primarily conventional use.
Conceivably, without a draft, N.F.L.
And he said the forces that had been propelling the rally -- continued slow economic growth and declining inflation -- were still in place.
Bawdy lumberjack songs are also rare.
In a hearing in Washington last week, owners testified that the exemption need not be lifted because they plan to install a strong commissioner to, in effect, prevent them from abusing the public.
It's clear from the number of women and blacks present that the party has made strides.
I relaxed in a sauna turned on just for me.
tournaments has been 27-year-old Maggie Will.
For Sarajevo's Muslims, Bajram is akin to Christmas or Hanukkah, and having to hide in back rooms instead of visiting family and exchanging gifts brought the first tears from the children in weeks.
He said Mr. Mugica was moved to Bordeaux today.
It can be exchanged for the common at a set price until a set date.
The next step surely requires that a lawyer who knows or learns of a corporate client's widespread corrupt practices must demand at least that the client discontinue them and also that they be disclosed to the appropriate Government authority.
The bids range in value from $425 million to $385 million, and the winner is expected to get a bargain.
One as warm as anything Bud Greenspan ever put on film occurred right in the lobby of the hotel on Wednesday in Monte Carlo, as Magic bumped into Larry Bird, who was holding his son, Conner.
Couples talked about wanting to be a "great player," but his approach to this Open is different from that of Nicklaus and Hogan in other eras.
A3 PLEA FOR PEACE IN SOUTH AFRICA President de Klerk and the nation's two most powerful black leaders, Nelson Mandela and Mangosuthu Buthelezi, spoke to hundreds of thousands of blacks at an Easter celebration.
How can we start a dialogue with African-Americans when we are so hung up on trying to be white, which we are not?
War has left its indelible mark on them all.
Some 2,000 surplus jobs have been identified throughout the company's territory.
In World War II, for example, the Red Cross, the Thomas Cook travel agency and various governments and individuals set up scores of remailing operations around the world, perhaps half of them in neutral countries like Portugal and Switzerland.
In his statement of withdrawal, Mr. Perot bestowed a second favor when he commented that the Democratic party had "revitalized itself."
And on the practical side, the concessions sell suntan lotion and children's beach toys.
When the Atlanta Falcons arrived at Robert F. Kennedy Stadium this morning and saw the steady rain pelting the field and turning it into mud, they knew that their Red Gun offense could drown and that their playoff hopes might go down with it.
The Iraqis started relocating vital equipment before allied bombing began in January 1991, and as late as last summer tore out concrete floors to prevent inspectors from determining which machines were used there.
Inside the chip, however, the clock's hands would spin at twice the speed.
The defense has to help the offense and vice versa."
Mr. Tarkany Szucs denied that the government was hesitating.
There is nothing wrong with instilling this responsible, work ethic in poor people as they become better educated, better skilled and self-sufficient.
Regain is a real phenomenon, and everyone always focuses on that, but it's not inevitable."
In that state -- our last great wilderness -- "wolf management" has been in effect for years.
Manhattan was led by Tom Vandemark, who won the 35-pound weight throw with a toss of 60 feet 2 inches and the shot put at 57-11 3/4.
And interestingly enough, we have found that in hard times people who have jobs are usually more generous in their contributions."
That has not stopped Mr. Hevesi from making a determined fund-raising effort for what he says will probably be a bid for citywide office in 1993.
but 'How can we cut expenditures?'
"If you don't do it their way, they'll probably be some changes made."
Mike Fetters replaced Bosio, and Doug Henry pitched the ninth for his 11th save.
Employment Timing of Layoffs Couldn't Be Worse Nowhere is the effect of the more vigorous cutbacks in the military supply industry more evident than in the Labor Department's monthly employment statistics.
They carry a gospel of tolerance, preaching openness for the unusual and encouraging greater acceptance of groups and behavior that have long been objects of ignorance and fear.
Al Shall goes further, contending that nearly 60 percent of the bad bank loans are to a handful of people and some companies belonging to rich businessmen and members of the ruling Sabah family.
"Just remember when you were little children," he said.
In new television and radio advertisements and in campaign stops in New York and Wisconsin, Mr. Clinton questioned Mr. Brown's support for abortion, accused him of pandering to black voters and charged him with trying to undermine the Social Security system.
The end of the line is fraud, which no institution has been charged with, but allegations of which clearly concern the Joint Commission and investigators.
Piping arpeggios into the stratosphere, Lush provides the seductive call for the party to begin.
Mr. Bush, who agreed to sign only a watered-down version of the summit treaty to reduce the threat of global warming, proposed on Friday that the nations gather on Jan. 1 to report specific plans to reduce emissions of pollutants that trap heat in the Earth's atmosphere.
But excluding the aircraft component, orders for durable goods would have risen 1 percent in November.
They include six more Airbuses that were the property of Iraqi Airways and four Russian-made Tupolev airliners, all of which will serve on domestic Iranian lines.
R.I. School of Design Maurice Sendak, the writer and creator of children's books, told graduates yesterday at the 109th commencement at the Rhode Island School of Design to "fight like hell to protect our creative rights."
He started a lawn-care business and tried teaching at a community college, but the part-time paychecks only reduced his unemployment checks.
In Colorado, Representative Ben Nighthorse Campbell, a Democrat, won a primary for the Senate seat being vacated by Tim Wirth.
The group, which sells clothes, food and household goods, said pretax profits before the charges were up 6 percent, to $1.2 billion, from $1.13 billion in the earlier fiscal year.
At the same time, however, the Vatican has sought to play down any suggestion that the war has a religious character related to the 1,000-year schism between the Eastern Orthodox and Roman Catholic churches.
The Cologne art scene, by contrast, has historically been associated less with high-minded strivings than with simple high jinks.
Analysts have criticized the company's chairman, Jean-Luc Lagardere, for misjudging the American market and expanding too ambitiously.
Another rescue effort is scheduled for Monday.
The officials said abuses at the market have inhibited competition and led to higher prices for consumers in the New York metropolitan area.
So, the 6-foot-3-inch, 253-pound Mitchell has been spending time after practice working on his blocking techniques.
After a slow start, Disney came up with several hits, including "Home Improvement" on ABC and "Pacific Station" on NBC, and became a force in network programming.
After falling sharply against the German mark in the last week, the dollar stabilized in volatile trading yesterday, but many traders predicted that it would soon drift lower.
(Rounder), the Magnolias' 1990 album, stomps all over Cajun, rhythm-and-blues and Dixieland brass; the ensemble's Afro-Indian chants, spicy percussion and unquenchable lust for fun make for a great version of the classic "Iko, Iko."
"Then, the day after the Seawolf announcement, I kept picking up the phone to see if it was working."
WANTED: BILINGUAL GOVERNMENT WORKERS As more and more immigrants from many different countries settle in New York City, city agencies are taking steps to prevent the Babel of languages filling their offices from paralyzing their work.
James E. Riesback, an executive vice president of Corning Inc., countered later in the hearing that American executives would have less need to travel with important documents if they could depend on video teleconferences without worrying about eavesdropping by foreign agents.
"This marks the end of an era in our Bahamas," he said.
A group of subdued American Indians watches from a clifftop as a world of bridges, steamships and railroads threatens to pass them by.
"Torching lead paint produces especially high exposure," warned Dr. Melius.
He added: "This is the price we're paying for not having a worldwide comprehensive nuclear test ban treaty.
So if older listeners, disconcerted by the change in sounds, are replaced by younger ones, Park Communications would be as thrilled as a singer whose new release goes platinum.
Both will continue to work on the creative portions of their accounts.
But the voters also had something to do with the tone of the season.
The fuss over porn rock has turned his campaign into a Tipperware party.
"Their idea it to strip away all their protection and leave themselves bare," said the board's executive director, Allen J. Proctor.
Ventritex, based in Sunnyvale, Calif., became a public company on Jan. 22 when it sold 4.7 million shares at $18 each.
Stir in the remaining milk, increase the heat slightly and cook until the milk is hot.
When the mostly Russian hockey team quicksteps onto the ice for the first time at the 1992 Winter Olympics, keen spectators are likely to blink, in confusion or nostalgia.
The monthly New York City Poetry Calendar, founded as a skimpy broadsheet in 1976, has grown unwieldy, with up to a dozen listings per day at more than 60 venues.
Besides having a pole to thrust against, it would come equipped with a moat of water along one side, so the person could practice jumping in and out.
Senior American officials have said Washington does not have the kind of "national interest" that it had in Kuwait: oil and a desire to maintain a power balance favorable to the United States.
With the final seconds ticking down and their season waiting to be defined, the Villanova Wildcats were close enough to a tie score to touch the possibility again and again and again and again.
Mr. Greenberg spends the bulk of his days glued to portable phones as he travels, rewriting questionnaires for new polls and consulting with other advisers about advertising strategy.
John J. Romano, commander of the transit police's 27-person Homeless Outreach Unit.
In what prosecutors regarded as another gift from Mr. Gravano, information he provided led five weeks ago to the indictment of the foreman of the anonymous jury that acquitted Mr. Gotti in 1987.
Now, France is also remembering the problems provoked by President Georges Pompidou, who slowly disappeared from view during the two years before his death from cancer in 1974.
Twenty-four percent of the student body are members of minority groups.
In one, they pump air into the abdominal cavity to put pressure on the diaphragm, which in turn partly collapses the lung.
"He's never shown any emotion because that's the way he was taught to be -- we all were -- and when you're young, it helps you keep your mind on your business," said Wilander, who is retired from the tour and reporting on Davis Cup for Swedish television.
This is how 61-year-old Derrick Bell has survived in a world that makes him angry all the time.
A sports article on Tuesday about the Summer Olympics misstated a rule governing the soccer competition.
Foreign Coins for Charity Q.
But he finds himself in the enviable position of truly becoming the "disarmament President."
The truffles are not on display, but are covered in plastic or linen, lest their precious aroma escape.
"We got the greatest publicity in America."
Foley, a Democratic Party district leader, was regarded as Al Smith's "godfather."
Even in those states that have yet to hold their primaries, excitement over the increasingly uncompetitive race is expected to be minimal.
By a 3-to-1 ratio, the respondents said arts training should be part of the regular school budget; 6 in 10 said the arts were just as important to a youngster as math and science.
It might seem true to form that someone who plays the rebec and sings medieval music for excitement would choose to carve models of ships and figureheads for a livelihood.
There have been times when I was grateful for help I did not ask for.
"It is to show the whole family-unity thing and to show that she is married and that she does have a husband," Ms. Kaufman said.
But, Dr. Hulley said, that explanation is made less likely by studies like Dr. Neaton's, in which the men were followed for 12 years.
No Democrat since Harry S. Truman in 1948 has been elected President without winning New York.
Most development work on the inverter is being done by engineers in Hughes's radar systems group who previously worked on military projects.
'Absolutely Inaccurate' O'Malley, in New York for an ownership committee meeting, denied yesterday that characterization of his position, calling it "absolutely inaccurate."
While New York City cannot construct new reservoirs upstate or draw on Long Island's stressed ground-water resources for its increasing needs, it is planning to add as much as one-third additional capacity by tapping the Hudson River, a dubious potable resource at best.
Virtually within hours of the space shuttle accident five years ago, he says, people were making jokes.
"Practically anything Impressionistic, like Debussy and Ravel, that needs a really big orchestra is not within our budget at the moment," said John Peter Holly, the executive director of the Greater Trenton Symphony Orchestra.
A rail route to J.F.K.
Myanmar is a secular state, in which religious tolerance is practiced and widely recognized by citizens and foreigners alike.
His father was a 38-year-old volunteer who was among the first infantrymen to assault the German fortifications.
He is survived by his wife, Lesley; a son, John, president of Camp Beverly Hills, a retail clothing-store chain based in Beverly Hills, Calif., and a daughter, Joan Sobel Lasker, vice president of corporate public relations for Cosmair Inc., a cosmetics company.
The setting is on loan from Les Grands Ballets Canadiens, a Montreal company that has performed a reconstruction of the ballet.
Colorado Shakespeare Festival, University of Colorado (303-492-8181).
But a Defense Department official said the planes, which carry sophisticated photographic and electronic reconnaissance gear, also routinely monitor troop movements north of the demilitarized zone.
Really, the police are the social guardians of our society and I see this as an historic opportunity."
Mario Gabelli, whose company, Gamco Investors, holds 1.55 million shares of American Television stock, said the deal was very good for Time Warner because it gave the company more flexiblity with American Television's cash flow and borrowing.
The oldest son of an eminent lawyer, formerly with the Tennessee Valley Authority, McCarthy is Charles Jr., with five brothers and sisters.
Mr. Panic, a naturalized American only recently returned to Serbia, opposes the Milosevic war on Bosnia.
Mr. Wannop said members of the peacekeeping mission in Somalia this week had concluded that the only way to solve the situation was through outside force.
The stone and vine-covered structure now standing was built on the original site in the 1600's and boasts a basilica of Syrian influence.
For the United States, the modern era began on Feb. 24, 1988, four days before the end of the Winter Olympics at Calgary, Alberta, when the United States Olympic Committee announced the formation of an overview committee to learn why a country of such vast wealth and resources was producing only two gold medals, one silver and three bronzes in winter sports and badly trailing smaller countries like Switzerland, Finland and Austria.
P. N. Oak of New Delhi first shed new light on the problem in the 1964 book "Taj Mahal Is a Hindu Palace."
He will be on the podium for that Saturday's 8:30 P.M. orchestral concert, which includes Beethoven's Fourth Symphony Aaron Copland's "Appalachian Spring" and Samuel Barber's Violin Concerto, with Elmar Oliveiro the guest soloist.
A series of widely publicized corruption scandals, including one involving illegal land speculation by the state-owned railroad company, has suddenly cast a pall over the beginning of what has long been proclaimed to be the Year of Spain.
NBC at 9 P.M. May 16 "COMIC RELIEF."
"But you have to understand that when an officer sees a car fleeing, he has to ask himself, 'Why is that person running?
Then he aimed one out in left field and one to right.
Before going to the Queens congregation, he held pulpits in Durham, N.C., and Omaha.
Spassky may have been conned into his enthusiastic onslaught by Fischer's timid, conservative opening play.
It is unclear how many operators will eventually become equity partners or what percentage of the company they will own.
The assembly voted in Lyuben Berov, 67, nominated by the Movement for Rights and Freedoms, which represents the nation's million ethnic Turks, after two previous attempts to select a prime minister had failed.
RisinG exports have been one of the few economic success stories for America in the past several years, a sign of "growing U.S. competitiveness in world markets," as Commerce Secretary Barbara H. Franklin put it last week.
Just that we were there does not create responsibility."
What's more, , the growth has been achieved despite a slump in business for many of the firm's clients, predominantly builders and others in the real estate industry, said one of the principals, Richard Bosco, who formed the company with Ronald Johnn in 1985.
He is just as scornful of his wife's views as June is of his.
Confident Answers "That I will agree with," answered Mr. Gravano, who testified for the prosecution that he helped Mr. Gotti supervise the shooting of Mr. Castellano, depicted as the Gambino boss, on Dec. 16, 1985.
"The Fed doesn't like to take action so close to its quarterly refunding," Mr. Frank said.
Expos 7, Padres 4 MONTREAL (AP) -- Ken Hill became a 10-game winner as he stopped San Diego.
"Now we're seeing the areas blacks are moving from are not only in the rural South but also in the urban North."
EVEN after overbuilding, recession-generated cutbacks in office space needs and the financial troubles of domestic owners began putting leasing rates into a free fall, Mr. Barth recalled, companies like Hiro held out for top dollar in the expectation that the market would quickly rebound.
In an interview taped with David Frost on Wednesday that is scheduled to air Friday night, Mr. Perot asserted that he would "hate being a Cabinet member," refused to rule out a 1996 Presidential race, and seconded the assertion of his running mate, Adm. James B. Stockdale, that anti-war protests had prolonged the Vietnam War.
The United States would be a major beneficiary in water polo if Yugoslavia, the Olympic champion team in 1988 and world champions in 1968 and 1991, was not permitted to participate.
Mr. Bush said that, by contrast, he had upheld the voters' trust in his personal and professional life.
Losing NOAA would cost Commerce half its budget.
And until they do, the region's economy is expected to be slower to rebound.
Like Ms. Hardy's family, who have summered on Upper Saranac Lake since 1924, many of the guests owned original Adirondack "great camps," where what constitutes a wild night is considerably different from one in Manhattan.
They interviewed 298 people over the age of 18 who were identical twins, triplets or, in one case, quadruplets, and who were attending the Twins Day Festival in Twinsburg, Ohio, last summer.
But what is everyday life when memory has such power?
The club receptionist should be informed in advance and the name of the child entered in the guest book.
The White House has relied on farm state lawmakers in its recurring battle with Congress over most-favored-nation trade status for China As it faces repeated criticisms during the Presidential election campaign for being cozy with China, the White House is expected to point to the market-access agreement as showing that it knows how to get tough with Beijing.
Monday None Tuesday Leading Indicators .
may be building engines that blend world-class technology with American levels of testosterone, but it does it less efficiently than its rivals.
In fact, there was a brief regret about the bowls -- she originally bought just two because she thought the larger one was too expensive.
Under this year's program, however, the company offered what it called "a bridge to retirement," which allowed anyone within eight years of retirement to qualify.
She was until recently a clothing industry analyst at Oppenheimer & Company in New York.
Moreover, he cautioned that he was not a diplomat and was not here as a representative of Pope John Paul II.
A short time later, he said, Mr. Saez told him that "if he was to retain his position as executive assistant" he had to "assure that $23,000 was raised for the Lancers."
"It's going to be tough.
The company said all share earnings are after preferred dividend payments.
If BO JACKSON'S bad hip hastens the day he leaves sports behind to join his wife in developing a comprehensive day-care center for children, he won't have to wait for his wife to get up to speed.
No other extinguishers combine all these features.
Demonstrators opposed to the opening of a medical-waste incinerator in the south Bronx blocked the Bruckner Expressway for about 15 minutes during the morning rush yesterday.
Mr. O'Bryant, a native of Boston, received a bachelor's degree in education and a master's in health education, both at Boston University.
* Safeco Corp., Seattle, named Dan D. McLean chief operating officer-property and casualty insurance.
"This is not a story about a battle between a County Executive and the judiciary," he said.
The bench's surprise blitz occurred on a night when the Nets put Coleman, their star player, under a sort of house arrest.
Mr. Shea said he had lived in the house since he had been 5 years old.
Operating as a unit of the World Conservation Union in Switzerland, which provides part of the $250,000 budget, the task force now has more than a thousand researchers in 40 countries.
The first and most frightening step was due almost immediately, when Russia raised a broad range of consumer prices.
It needs to be persuaded of the need to intervene and of the American interests at stake.
But as an excerpt from the good old days, it is irresistible.
("There were so many higher priority items that users requested, we couldn't squeeze it in," Microsoft says now, adding that the feature would "probably" work better in a later version.)
Indicted along with him were two former Finance Ministers, Leopold Ler and Jaromir Zak.
Most of the latest round of cuts will be achieved when the company closes its 10 regional buying offices and 26 of its 72 district merchandising units.
And so, too, was it proper and predictable for Cone, whose father had scraped everything together to send his children to a private Jesuit high school, to have found himself standing in the school cafeteria screaming at the dean of discipline.
Both sides appeared to be working toward putting a deal together, but a committee member, who spoke on the condition of anonymity, said it was premature to predict which way the committee would vote.
The issues that divide the company and the union center on a practice known as pattern bargaining, under which unions negotiate similar contracts with a several companies within the same industry.
They're fed up with government regulations.
A faster, 33-megahertz unit will be available early next year.
is only the 63d most popular stock owned by the club members, who "really look at the numbers," and apparently weren't impressed.
But despite that succes d'estime, Lanvin dropped his couture line.
A right hand to the head by Norris made Taylor's knees go rubbery.
"Modern dancers like to experiment.
They may sound like a condom commercial, but they are invoking an outdated, pre-AIDS movie ethos: love means safety and security, even more than sex appeal.
Polls are open from 6 A.M. to 9 P.M. in New York City, Nassau, Suffolk, Westchester, Rockland, Orange, Ulster and Erie Counties, and from noon to 9 P.M. elsewhere in the state.
The debentures are callable after three years, with interest payable semiannually.
For the first quarter, ended March 31, the company said it earned $190 million, or $1.51 a share, down from $273 million, or $2.30 a share, a year earlier.
It seems few of the favorites in this bracket are happy.
Pirates 13, Cubs 8 PITTSBURGH (AP) -- Jeff King answered Ryne Sandberg's grand slam in the seventh inning with a slam of his own and Gary Varsho and Jay Bell also homered as Pittsburgh rallied to beat Chicago.
The Parliament session was originally scheduled to begin legislating the demolition of the old order and the transition to democracy.
Most people adapt to their new, moving environment.
PHILIPS ELECTRONICS N.V., Eindhoven, the Netherlands, said it had acquired GTE International Inc.'s 70 percent stake in the Japanese lighting company Kondo Sylvania.
They reveal in more detail than before Dr. Freundlich's role as a disciple, perhaps the first scientist to become thoroughly acquainted with the fundamental principles of Einstein's theory, and as the first person to try to provide experimental proof of the predicted consequences of the general theory.
Instrumental bird songs abound in "Eclairs," as in most compositions by Messiaen.
The peach cobbler recipe also is one of her mother's.
A Family Who Sued Parents Pour Grief Into Legal Action Two years have passed since the death of their son Anthony, but Joseph and Mamie Blanco are still grieving.
Well, at Least Prices Look Good As the economy's growth rate continues on its bungee jump downward from 1980's highs -- waiting nervously for that upward yank -- slow growth is providing at least one benefit: Prices are barely budging.
They spend a wonderful summer together before the grown gator returns to the river.
Meanwhile, few producers or analysts believe that long-term gas prices will burst through the level that would set off a sharp increase in drilling and exploration, a point between $2.50 and $3.
Ms. Sedloff, 26 years old, graduated from the University of Chicago.
For the first time, each 1992 game received a 13.5 rating or better.
Now add Xerox cartridges to the list of environmentally friendly products.
The quality of the entrees varies from night to night, but Casilda's loyal, vociferous clientele doesn't seem to mind.
When your payments are higher, they're higher, no matter what your politics.
It's Only Rock-and-Roll St. Hubbins: "I like the way rock-and-roll keeps dying and being reborn.
Formerly a part of the six-member Yugoslav Communist federation, Macedonia was something of an odd man out as civil war swept the northern republics last year.
There were so many distractions that it wasn't baseball.
"It would not make any sense.
Underwriters said the issue was rated triple-A by both Moody's and S.& P.
"You can't just tell people who are heavy to eat less," he said.
The United States Capitol model has 690 pieces and is also considered difficult.
He said that his trip signaled to the New York business community that he was committed to attracting investment, and that he had become closer to the 15 members of the city Chamber of Commerce and Industry who made up the trade delegation.
B9 Obituaries B6-7 Jean R. Yawkey, Boston Red Sox owner and a philanthropist.
I mean, these stupid little things that people know if they have a job.
It has a population of about 4,500, most engaged in fishing.
Home theaters of this kind are usually sold as complete installations.
Most legal issues can be understood with a bit of explaining.
"We are always looking for better ideas," he said.
David R. Liskowski, who directed the Office of Technology Assessment project, says shift workers are sabotaging powerful biological processes that are controlled in part by the rotation of the earth.
M-1, the narrowest measure, fell $1.1 billion.
It's better than in reality, glittering and bittersweet, a place without graffiti or litter, where all the architecture is idiosyncratic and grand, where everyone's a character (as in "What a character!")
CLEVELAND INDIANS -- Recalled Alan Embree, pitcher, from Canton-Akron of the Eastern League.
On Tuesday, Transportation Secretary Andrew Card signaled a tough negotiating stand in a speech before a large gathering of aviation industry executives in Washington.
The community, on what was supposed to be a deliberate march toward a single currency, has been jolted by the discovery that getting there is much less than half the fun.
"How can anyone who is gay vote for George Bush?"
Yesterday, Mrs. Phillips sat among the packed pews of Concord Baptist Church of Christ in Bedford-Stuyvesant to hear Mayor David N. Dinkins announce a $28 million plan to protect students against violence.
Some of these people had been waiting for two days for a procedure that should have taken minutes.
For Briggs, the worst part about the injury and the possibility of not making the Olympic team is being deprived of opportunity to meet Felix Savon, the Cuban boxer regarded by many as the best amateur heavyweight in the world.
While the show addresses contemporary urban issues, it pulls together strands of thinking that other architects have pursued in the past.
Letters Anthony Lewis: Tax-exempt politics?
Ms. McHugh has chosen her protagonist well: Zhang is just enough of an insider to get beneath the skin of his society and just enough of an outsider to question what he finds there.
His isn't the only first-class oval track in the country.
"Al D'Amato can say he delivered this, or he delivered that," said the Mayor.
After repeatedly denying accusations about rigging on the quiz shows, Mr. Enright confessed to Congressional investigators that he had authorized the manipulation of most "Tic Tac Dough" shows by giving contestants answers in advance and telling them to win or lose.
An America in which middle-class incomes -- not middle-class taxes -- are going up.
b5 in place of 9 .
Keeping the Fans Watching In recent weeks, the Thursday-night drama has been criticized in several publications for its lackluster performance this year.
Three stores will be in Mexico City, another in Monterrey and one in Guadalajara, a company spokesman, Duncan Muir, said.
More straightforward people might ask: How often has an unmanipulated or unfertilized egg developed into a separate human being?
Northwest Airlines, with headquarters in Minnesota, provides its home state with some 18,000 jobs and $2 billion in wages, benefits and taxes.
Mr. Mechiche can make an old silhouette new, for example, by taking a camelback sofa, exaggerating its contours, filling it with lavish amounts of down and upholstering it in pristine white cotton.
The same format will be followed in the next session, Dec. 15 in the Legislative Office Building in Albany.
Taken Aback "I think we were a little taken aback by the whole atmosphere in the first half," Mahoney said.
Bill Clinton of Arkansas, presuming he is the Democratic nominee, would not only be outspent, they would also lose almost all of their strategic leverage.
"This will change our lives dramatically," said Rhodri Wynne-Pope, CARE's team leader in southern Somalia.
I explore every department including housewares, for instance, where I examine kitchenware, and when I see a lot of pastels used, we use the same pastels for our dog beds."
They have an edginess in attitude and say, 'I'm going to try it on and make my own judgment because I'm smart and I am not going to be fooled about what you are telling me.'
On May 1, Sony Pictures Entertainment and the United Video Group said that they would start the Game Show Channel next year.
In 1990, Judge Smith ruled that a New Jersey developer and a Florida limestone company were owed millions of dollars by the Government because the Army Corps of Engineers refused them permits to destroy wetlands.
"Goo," the band's first DGC release, in 1990, was a meditation on stardom that held on to both the band's new pop concision and its rough edges and sold a respectable 220,000 copies.
The case was settled for an undisclosed sum.
Alternative Travel Group, 69-71 Banbury Road, Oxford, OX2 6PE England, (800) 527-5997, offers a vacation in which participants spend seven nights in the same hotel, in St.-Remy-de-Provence, and walk in the area.
Corona has undergone sharp changes in recent years, as immigrants from Ecuador, Colombia and the Dominican Republic have moved into the once mostly Italian neighborhood.
And the young audiences were drawn into each performance through an appealing frame -- the boy writing music, the costumed characters cheering for a section of the orchestra.
With Mr. Irwin alone with Beckett's words and thoughts, the play is an eloquent 65 minutes, saying more about man's misfortunes than many plays do in double or triple the time.
Another father, Louis DiRosso, came all the way from Huntington, L.I., with his son Louis, a 5-year-old bitten by the train bug.
Mario M. Cuomo and Mayor David N. Dinkins to commemorate the 25th anniversary of Robert F. Kennedy's last campaign, included a name erroneously among those who said they would attend.
The appointments are also a contemptuous evasion of the regular selection process.
Belgrave Square By Anne Perry 361 pages.
The veteran Ms. Merlin portrays the mother as a kindly if slightly ditsy woman holding onto some fanciful dreams about her family.
At least she showed up.
"I used to say that I practiced law to feed the cows," he said, "and there's some truth in that."
I grew up here and I know what the audience is going to be like."
The department raised the rate to 8.5 percent from 8 percent on Friday because of what it said were recent increases in interest rates in the credit markets.
Like his hero Frank Lloyd Wright, a pioneering spirit in what is now known as organic architecture, in which all elements of a building flow together seamlessly, Mr.
Chrysler expects to make 3,000 to 4,000 right-hand-drive Jeeps at its Toledo, Ohio, plant in 1993.
The paradisiacal bronze bas-relief panels on the Brooklyn Bridge have arrived.
But when the market value of your house rises by $10,000 and you celebrate by blowing just $1,000 on new clothes, measured saving falls by $1,000.
Bullets and shot should be immediately covered with plastic tarpaulins, according to Mr. Stone.
About one-fifth of the orders for all manufacturers have been cut or delayed.
Such fears seem less well grounded today.
The economies of New York, New Jersey and Connecticut appear to be bottoming out.
Dr. Hacib Aoun, a doctor who championed the rights of health-care workers after becoming infected with H.I.V.
Right across from A la Vieille Russie, at the Chinese Porcelain Company, there is a monster of sorts, a five-foot-high Yamantaka, or Slayer of Death.
Gains for Airline Stocks But airline stocks led the transport index up on the prospects of lower fuel costs.
Officials canceled today's game upon learning of Mr. Sateriale's death, and Mr. Fisher met with students and other community members to explain the dangers of the disease.
"I regard them as better values," he added.
The most intriguing contrast, though, came in Cleveland, where four pitchers -- Dennis Cook, Jose Mesa, Jack Armstrong and Scott Scudder -- emerged with 21 victories in 97 starts.
Bill Clinton has compiled on crime in Arkansas.
The Yugoslav Army denied the reports of the flights and emphasized that it had taken no part in the fighting in the town.
They want to destroy them."
Faced with a welter of new Federal and state regulations, New York City will soon embark on a recycling program that could quickly become one of the most costly and ambitious in the nation.
"It's almost always based on which party has the strongest ownership rights," she said.
The couple's three children -- KEVIN, 6, SEAN, 5, and EMILY, 3 -- are with him.
Connors beat Shelton, 7-6, (8-6), 2-6, 6-3.
Soon afterward, they said, the hemisphere-wide commercial embargo imposed on Haiti would be relaxed.
"I almost wonder if that's the point of a search committee, to get a basis for the new minister.
Whatever happens, there are certain to be photo opportunities galore.
To Fernando, who says he never backed Castro in the first place, Dallas isn't so bad.
Dr. Fribush, 28 years old, is a resident in internal medicine at University Hospital in Boston.
Mr. Pache declined to comment.
She worked on scrubbing the Scarlett O'Hara out of her voice while majoring in drama at the University of Georgia.
If Mr. Bush has any real plan to limit Medicare and Medicaid spending, he has never let on during his nearly four years in office.
When buying lumber, you can order by giving the dimensions and quantity of pieces you need.
Bill Clinton of Arkansas dominated former Senator Paul E. Tsongas today in the biggest test so far of the primary season, winning a string of victories in his native South, including a decisive triumph in Florida.
Beginning with each videotaped session, a court officer or displaced stenographer would create a second tape, editing the pauses, objections, recesses, approaches by counsel to the bench, adjournments and other "wait state" delays.
"He's extremely analytical," one aide said.
And they resent their status as invisible women, going unnoticed in neighborhoods most often portrayed as havens for crime, drugs and welfare dependency, rarely for workaday striving.
After all, it was Buckingham Palace that changed the rules, eshewing Mr. Bagehot's advice some years ago, and setting out instead to aggressively market a new myth, holding up the royal family as Britain's ultimate happy family, and a living embodiment of stolid, upper middle class, deeply British family values.
's chief executive, Agha Hasan Abedi, and others, the indictment contends, to sell his B.C.C.I.
As at most adolescent clinics, health care is not defined as medicine alone.
In 1989, for instance, James Zazzali, former Attorney General of New Jersey, told a Senate committee of Mr. Abate's mob ties.
"I would insist that all my users use duplex to save paper and save trees."
His people put their toes in the water little by little."
A panel of Federal judges has given the Legislature until April 27 to break its deadlock.
But experiences like hers suggest that the scarcity of black and Hispanic teachers and professors is not only a matter of finding enough money for advanced degrees, or of navigating a complex application process to graduate school.
Far from it: the low-cost kitchen wizardry of the chef, John Schenk, makes the Frugal Gourmet look like a spendthrift.
Tavleen Singh, a syndicated columnist who is one of India's most perceptive and acerbic commentators, lays the blame on four decades of pursuing socialist ideals.
He said he does not want to return to Guatemala penniless and ill with H.I.V.
But apart from his sponsorship of the budget amendment, which he has plugged since 1982, he has had a rather obscure legislative career focused on agricultural issues and rural health care.
I think you will see some different things happen this week."
The club declined to name its starter for last night until early yesterday morning.
They would have a war!
Then, when the war is lost, and when the insurrectionary Paris Commune breaks out in the spring of 1871, he is elected to it and finds himself, as he says, "in seventh heaven."
Admission: $10; $8 for students and the elderly; free for children under 12.
Foreign investors may even view the lack of guarantees as a vote of no confidence that casts doubts on the wisdom of putting any money into Israel.
While the event is open to the public, only 200 people can be accommodated.
That won't be possible if the U.S. has shown itself unwilling even to defend existing agreements.
This is actually the second time Ms. Moultice had offered her shirts and jewelry for sale.
He had no New Year's resolutions, but happily predicted world peace for 1992.
He was 77 years old and lived in Bethesda.
Foreigners have also been invited to buy Chinese stocks through special "B shares" listed on both the Shanghai and Shenzhen exchanges.
We moved here to live in the suburbs."
His previous marriage ended in divorce.
The regulatory industry is nothing but political."
"We need to remind people that this is coming, that it has to be done, so start now."
Mrs. Noll, 30 years old, is a service coordinator for the Connecticut Department of Education in Fairfield.
The case is similar in many ways to the case that became central to the riot here a month ago when a jury acquitted four white Los Angeles police officers of most charges in the beating of a black man, Rodney G. King.
Pairs helps combat that dread affliction, Scrabble blindness, which causes players to look at "wnneri" and see nothing.
While criminal charges were not being brought against Pfizer Inc., an Assistant Attorney General, Stuart Gerson, wrote in a letter last summer that the Justice Department's civil division was considering suing the company because some of the bad valves were implanted in patients whose bills were paid by Medicare or the Veterans Administration.
The Virginia legislature today approved a bill that would require many unmarried women under the age of 18 to notify at least one parent before obtaining an abortion.
THE HOURS: Daily from 9 A.M. to 5 P.M. (when lifeguards are present).
In keeping with the exhibition, the party's theme was "A Second Childhood."
She graduated from Villanova University, as did her husband.
"When you have been as fortunate as I have been," he said, "you certainly can contribute more than people who are just trying to make ends meet.
But four days may not be enough to work out all the self-destructive Democratic neuroses.
"I still don't understand the rules of the game, actually, but I love all the show biz that goes with it, the players' acrobatics, the music.
MR. GAUTIER: It's very emotional.
He said: 'You're both dead.
Dick Morris, who for years was Mr. Clinton's chief political consultant and coached him for debates in Arkansas, said the Governor has to avoid being too pedantic and getting lost in detail.
Mr. Clinton has not described the number of Army divisions or Air Force fighter wings he would want, though he does favor building new aircraft like the F-22 fighter, C-17 transport plane and V-22 Osprey aircraft.
A buy-and-hold S.& P. 500 investment would have grown to only $6,030.
"I'm one of the smaller guys in the company," said Firefighter Finnin.
Finally these disconnected personae rally around a table (all the world's a table?)
But the glass techniques, time frames and art styles of the two exhibitions set them far apart.
Mayor David N. Dinkins, seizing an opportunity to emphasize his plan to take control of the Board of Education, said yesterday that the school board's meddling was threatening to drive Chancellor Joseph A. Fernandez from his job.
Mr. Tsongas' commercials still show him doing everything but talking; that is left to an announcer with good diction.
The school is on the former estate of Frederick Bourne, who in the late 1800's made his fortune as president of the Singer Sewing Machine and Manufacturing Company.
St. Stephen's Church, founded in 1804, fell on hard times; in 1866, short of funds, the church was sold.
If Willie Mtolo's family hadn't been so poor when he was growing up, he would probably be a favorite to win next year's Tour de France.
"Do you see what you sing?"
Hoping to ease American "isolation" at the Earth Summit, Laurens Jan Brinkhorst, a spokesman for the European Community, cautioned Saturday at a press conference: "We don't want a slugging match of everybody against the United States."
Even when Mr. Frisell's rhythm section started improvising and the music broke apart some, allowing the soloists room, the parts of the tune stayed clear, if mysterious.
DOLORES CLAIBORNE By Stephen King.
Representative Bill Green, Republican of Manhattan and the keynote speaker at the conference, told the assembly of about 1,000 advocates for the homeless that after an appreciable drop in low-income housing in the mid-1970's and 1980's, the Federal Government was starting to move back into this area with the 1990 Housing Act.
In 1989 he established the Anderson Prize Foundation, which underwrites the Stonewall Awards, annual grants to people who help to improve the lives of homosexuals in the United States.
perceives as a too-cozy relationship with meat producers, whose products, which are regulated by the Agriculture Department, are a major source of fat in the American diet.
Color portables were once thought to be useful mainly to traveling executives who wanted to use computer-generated slides for sales presentations.
Analysts said the drop was caused by rising mortgage rates and uncertainty over the attempt by Congress to enact a tax credit for some home buyers (it failed).
Keith Booth had 7 points, 3 steals and a game-high 10 rebounds.
Konstantin Stanislavsky, the Russian director and acting theorist, urged actors to behave as if the action were actually taking place at the time of performance.
No government can avoid making strategic judgments about technologically advanced programs.
The money buys food for the hungry, homes for the homeless and clothing for those without.
Deaths from hunger have gone down in the past month, but a continuation of the recent surge in violence and political obstruction by various warlords is putting the relief effort in serious jeopardy, he said.
Trump Plaza Associates said yesterday that it would extend to Feb. 5 the expiration date of its offer to exchange a new issue of secured notes due June 14, 1997, for a portion of the 12 7/8 percent mortgage bonds due June 15, 1998, of its affiliate Trump Plaza Funding Inc.
Mr. Bubba also highlights his tough stance in the Legislature against crime.
"I'm going to the Gdansk shipyards," he said.
"I see where Lawrence says he's going to quit," Mara said.
King's band, left rhythm-and-blues to pursue his first love, jazz, working as a sideman with Miles Davis, Max Roach and others before going off on his own in the 70's.
"People should have been smart enough to say the misses in the Detroit game were attributable to the conditions," he said.
Since the female hollies have the berries, it is important that the male holly plant flowers at the same time as the female to assure the bounty of berries.
"It was a Mafia crime that went beyond national borders," Mr. Scotti said.
A Nation Seduced The action of the film moves back and forth between this closed world of privilege and absolute power, portrayed in scenes shot on location in the Kremlin and in K.G.B.
" A big part of it was football.
First is continuous dialogue between schools and businesses.
With budget cutbacks, teachers are finding that their allotments for materials are not what they used to be.
He revved up the engines of his tank army.
One year after its implementation, the budget agreement of 1990 has achieved a bizarre status: worshiped as a kind of totem by the Bush Administration, it is simultaneously scorned by fiscal zealots as a sham that did nothing to reduce the Federal deficit.
"I'm not leaving the Guild in the street," Mr. LaChance said.
But a Croatian soldier was reportedly killed today in a clash between Croatian National Guard units and the pro-Serbian Yugoslav Army in a western Slavonian village, Sirinci.
Signs of Destruction Fire-blackened buildings, twisted girders and piles of rubble flashed past Mr. Bush's motorcade as he drove at 7 A.M. through a Korean neighborhood, a Hispanic neighborhood and a black neighborhood that were heavily damaged by the riots.
Because of Good Friday and the first day of Passover, alternate-side parking rules will be suspended in New York City tomorrow and Saturday.
In a classic head-to-head shootout that saw a rejuvenated Norman fire a tournament-record 63 over the demanding par-70 Tryall Golf Club course, the commanding five-stroke lead that Faldo began the day with evaporated into a one-stroke deficit with only four holes to go.
Myra Woodruff and Young-Ha Yoo stylishly led this theatricalized technique class in the third section, "Ritual to the Sun."
He said he was surprised by the outcome.
In another four or five weeks, when schools begin to close, the families will start hitting the interstate on-ramps in their vans, sedans, station wagons and campers for that annual orgy of cruise-controlled, wrinkle-clothed, cramped-neck napping, backseat sibling-taunting, last-minute motel-hunting, stupid souvenir-buying vacations that everyone has been anxiously anticipating, except the dog.
The band's songs jump, usually at arbitrary moments, from mid-tempo grind to fast stomp to high-speed pummel; each shift of tempo, and there are at least two or three per song, sets off a new bout of slam-dancing.
In less than four months, police and neighbors said, he was in trouble again and complaining that he could not find work.
PHARMACIES CLOSED IN RAIDS Sixty-nine people were arrested, 12 pharmacies were closed and 46 others were searched as agents of the Federal Bureau of Investigation fanned out across the New York metropolitan region as part of a nationwide crackdown on the illegal sale and redistribution of prescription drugs.
The pilot, Borje Thunberg, said it had probably crashed because its fuel had leaked from decayed rubber tanks.
A cat's life, told in French, English and pictures.
The Practical Versus the Politic He has called for the death penalty for drug kingpins and sponsored legislation to impose long, mandatory sentences on criminals who use guns.
The country's four million retirees represent a potent voting bloc, and in the last year they have become militant.
TAMPA BAY BUCCANEERS -- Signed Klaus Wilmsmeyer, punter-place kicker.
Your favorite color and odor?
"The sad part," Mr. McManus said, "is the people who criticize me with all the 'Tammany boss' stuff never complained when I did the same thing for them.
In a sense, what he represents is the subsuming of almost every other aspect of the designed environment into the values and systems of fashion: his work embodies the way in which the selling of image, always essential to fashion, has now become part and parcel of design in general.
Why is my child saying these things?
What's still missing is a sensible plan.
"A few years ago it would have been one-third that number."
And increased contributions will entitle them to an increased policy role.
Adam Graves was given a four-game suspension today for his two-handed, chest-high slash at the left glove of Mario Lemieux in Game 2 of the Rangers' playoff series with Pittsburgh on Tuesday night.
"But Manuel did it without a parachute," she said.
Further, the statement said, "The United States, with the largest number of H.I.V.
Now is the time to remember and act upon the words of John Donne: "Any man's death diminishes me, because I am involved in mankind."
And senior executives at PWA and Canadian Airlines took 20 percent pay cuts.
Several demonstrators were shot when gunmen inside a building occupied by Serbian police officers opened fire on the crowd, witnesses said.
"All the inspectors are lawyers," Mr. Drljaca said Serbian officials stressed that they were engaged in what one described as a "religious war without rules," but disputed reports that they had set up World War II-style camps for Bosnian Muslims and Croats.
For information, contact Roger Cooper at (516) 741-5109 or Kalman Magyar at (201) 836-4869.
"The collapse of the dollar has unnerved market participants," said Michael Metz, chief investment strategist at Oppenhemier & Company.
Air France will pay 670 million French francs, about $122 million, for the stake.
did not inspect the plant from 1984 to 1988, and in 1986 two people were killed.
Spread the mixture lightly to create disks about 3 inches in diameter.
The disease centers' latest definition was tied to a laboratory test that determines damage to the immune system by measuring the number of white cells called CD4 cells.
The 49 heroes interviewed in RESCUERS: Portraits of Moral Courage in the Holocaust (Holmes & Meier, cloth, $49.95; paper, $29.95) are Christians who risked their lives to save Jews during the Holocaust.
Over the years, Theodore Edison was involved with Thomas A. Edison Inc., a New Jersey-based concern that was formed through the consolidation of various businesses organized by Thomas Alva Edison.
It's a certain discipline, a certain affection."
To the Editor: The acquittal of Lemrick Nelson Jr. for the murder of Yankel Rosenbaum is a travesty of justice.
The deduction was originally limited to investment in plant and equipment.
"I think if he had not been so quick people would have treated him as a brilliant quasi crank, because he did spend a substantial amount of time going down what later turned out to be dead ends," said Sidney Coleman, a theorist who first knew Feynman at Caltech in the 50's.
Mr. Clarke happened to be testifying Friday before a Senate committee, and was asked to comment on the article in The Wall Street Journal.
NEW JERSEY NETS LAST SEASON 40-42, lost in first round.
He came into his own as a painter comparatively late in life.
But Seles recovered her poise to break Meskhi three times in the final set and reach the quarterfinals with a 6-4, 4-6, 6-2 victory.
He said that while other products competed with Videovision on some levels, none could match it feature for feature.
A18 WHITTLE GAINS A PARTIAL VICTORY A California judge declined to shut down a San Jose district's operation of Channel One, the in-school news and entertainment program shown with commercials.
-- the tennis player John McEnroe.
Alan Bowman, a lawyer for the Pannell family, was in court today and unavailable for comment.
Though he is used to dealing with recalcitrant bureaucracies, Mr. Severin despaired of ever traveling freely in Mongolia, whose Government pursued a purposeful policy of inaccessibility to foreigners.
Douglas P. Mulholland testified that in January 1985, when he was special assistant for national security to Treasury Secretary Donald T. Regan, he received an unusual report from the Central Intelligence Agency, hand-carried, typed on plain paper, without the standard headings or identifying numbers.
"Maybe he will do it more often," Roberts said.
After-school classes are also offered for children: one for those 5 to 8 years old, one for those 9 to 12 and one for those 13 to 18.
It is published by the Westview Press, Boulder, Colo. (800-456-1995).
A Mixed Legacy Time Has Dimmed Legislation's Glory At the time, the legislation was hailed by education experts as a quantum leap forward for Texas schools.
announced its closing here, Governor Cuomo visited Auburn, in Cayuga County, to announce that SnyderGeneral Corporation, a maker of air-conditioning equipment that had threatened to move to Tennessee, would remain in the upstate village, expand its plant and increase its work force there from 375 to 600.
The ethics committee does not contend that the 330 lawmakers on the longer list abused their banking privileges, although some wrote checks far exceeding the amounts they had on deposit at the House bank.
If any of the works are sold, a portion of the amount will be donated to the Frick Collection.
During the cold war, those dangers were military.
It is most difficult to recall in October what the garden looked like last March, April and May.
Mr. Feifer believes that the shock of the atomic bombs loosed the grip of the insular and intense Japanese just enough to permit surrender in 1945, though even then nearly provoking a coup by die-hard militarists.
"You just picked up a key and went to a room."
"We haven't played the same since we lost to San Antonio," Knicks forward Xavier McDaniel said, referring to the Dec. 26 game.
"Would" (pause) "uh" (pause) "Taster's Choice be too good for your guests?"
"The thing that makes it work is that the Journal wants to make it work," said Steve Swartz, a former page-one editor at the Journal who is Smart Money's editor.
Asserting control over New York City's embattled Housing Authority, the newly appointed chairwoman, Sally Hernandez-Pinero, yesterday canceled all agency American Express cards, imposed a freeze on hiring and promotions and made three surprise visits to public housing projects.
The attack comes one day after another outburst of violence that jolted Belfast residents in which a policeman said to be distraught over a colleague's death shot and killed three people on Tuesday in the office of the I.R.A.
He had not come to the part about the candidates' proposals, which he does not like any more than he likes the candidates.
In an interview afterward, Mr. Baucus said the trade talks should stop entirely until the transition team had time to come up with a position.
Changes in Iran But Mr. Lichtblau and others noted that Iran, after a period of relative political harmony, had returned to a confrontational approach.
The Navy has just concluded a six-week experimental program at the school in Pensacola, Fla., where "Top Gun" pilots train to teach them the same message about sexual harassment that is being posted on bulletin boards at all bases around the country: "Not in Our Navy."
Those men were charged with illegally entering Iraq and sentenced to seven-year prison terms, drawing strong protests from their Governments.
"I am a great spectator," she said.)
It will have more authority; it will be the only institution to have legitimacy."
Gary Chryst is notable here for his suave stylishness, just as Scott Wise's acrobatic bravura is a metaphor for gambling fever in the "Crapshooters' " number.
Bd7, but instead of 10 a3 Nd4 11 Nd4 cd 12 Ne2 Qb6 13 Kh2 Bc6 14 f5 Rbe8, Spassky played 10 Be3 and after 10 .
With emotions already high, another Japanese tour company wandered into trouble a few weeks ago when it asked permission to bring in 2,000 Japanese tour guides over the next three years.
The Rutgers touchdowns came after a Syracuse fumble and an interception of a Graves pass thrown as he was hit.
But in a cappella singing, one of Yale's more visible student activities, coeducation is more complicated.
A1 A dispute over the transition broke out within Clinton's camp.
The Jets added HUEY RICHARDSON, a 6-foot-5-inch, 235-pound defensive end, to their roster, filling a hole they created on Tuesday by waiving JOE FISHBACK.
"But like God says: Keep your head up and something good will happen."
Most of the statements were made by women and girls who said they were attacked in April and May in towns and villages in eastern Bosnia, now mostly Serb-held, where the Serbian forces began their campaign.
While many women talked about the difficulties and agreed that it would be easier if they were married, a few said they preferred to raise their children alone.
In 1955, in one of his most impressive victories, he beat Mr. Botvinnik.
Feminist theory holds that women should be measured the same way men are, so that successful career women think that they are entitled to men with commensurate career success.
One is "Study of Head for Nude With Drapery," which depicts a masklike face and is estimated to sell for $500,000 to $700,000; the other is "Study for Nude With Drapery," estimated to fetch $600,000 to $800,000.
The curators have been careful to weed out later works that would betray the artist's declining capabilities.
It is actually logical that the Lexus and the cherry tree would compete side by side as symbols for the post-cold war world, the Harvard political economist Robert Reich argues.
A small piece of polyurethane foam smoldered inside a sealed, flame-resistant chamber after an astronaut, Dr. Lawrence J. DeLucas, heated it electrically.
But again, he said he was.
"Psychologists have been developing a whole body of research on the best ways to prepare very young children to help them remember more details about the abuse and be effective witnesses," said John E. B. Myers, a professor of law at the University of the Pacific in Sacramento and a specialist in child-abuse cases.
"And he wants a Messier autograph."
Tickets, $150 for performance and cocktails, $350 for performance, cocktails and dinner, from (212) 689-1616.
"You can tell he loves it."
For one thing, the companies are furious at the Bush Administration for refusing to file the cases itself, which would have spared American executives the embarrassment of confronting Japanese business partners, whom they increasingly rely on for investment and technology.
"Our tools include political and economic measures and others such as security assistance, military-to-military contacts, humanitarian aid and intelligence assistance, as well as security measures to prevent the emergence of a non-democratic aggressor in critical regions," the new draft states.
Thirty-four percent of the designer fashion sales are from American suppliers, according to Richard Maney, the store's managing director.
THE HOUSE BANK Editor's Note: What the List Doesn't Say The list of present and former Representatives who wrote overdrafts on acounts at the House Bank did not include the dollar amount of the overdrafts.
With these remakes, perhaps he can get the recognition -- if not the actual Grammy statuette -- he deserves.
FLYING HERO CLASS, by Thomas Keneally.
An extradition order must go to the Indian Government for approval and be relayed to the State Department in Washington for action.
He is thus practiced at using another flawed method for identifying and rewarding young musical talent: playing in concert.
Carter's Town Meetings The last President who held regular town meetings was Jimmy Carter.
I've held my temper in check.
7 9 3 BANKRUPTCY 1995, by Harry E. Figgie Jr. with Gerald J. Swanson.
While the Cardinal's meetings with Israeli officials were described as uniformly cordial, he did not approve of everything he saw here.
But some parents of children at the school said the attack increased their fear for their children's safety at a time when many of them already feel a need to walk the children to school.
After a brief attempt to turn his campaign to his own vision for the country, President Bush crisscrossed Ohio today, buoyed by a belief that the Republican attack on Gov.
Moreover, both carriers plan to keep their special weekend fares and the 14-day advance purchase fare of $125 for a round trip.
"Not knowing it was my son's, I didn't stop."
Importance of Jalalabad For the guerrillas, Jalalabad is a symbolic city.
The white light of the press and the closed doors of our homes are two of the most deeply prized aspects of our lives as Americans.
"How do we grow the church when the traditional ways no longer apply?"
The mention of the incumbent Judge Boklan without mention of multiple endorsements is a questionable inclusion.
Fry the bacon in a large saucepan until golden, about 5 minutes.
"The bank wants to move it as quickly as possible to reduce the costs of maintaining the property," Mr. Lassoff said.
The other provision guarantees that enough water will be left in streams and wildlife habitat to allow restoration of fisheries and other natural areas that have deteriorated alarmingly.
"Republicans want to keep control of the White House," Mr. Luntz said.
Mr. Heimann is now chairman of Merrill Lynch & Company's global financial institutions group, advising large investors, government agencies and central banks.
Egg Noodles With Cheese 3/4 pound medium egg noodles Salt and freshly ground pepper to taste 1/8 teaspoon ground nutmeg 2 tablespoons butter 1/4 pound grated Gruyere or Swiss cheese.
The plan underscores the rapid transformation of the Chicago futures markets.
At the root of the malaise lie new doubts over Europe's direction.
But Mr. Collins is not rewriting Mr. Gurney and his directorial skill is evidenced by the other actors, who range from on the mark to sheerly transcendent.
The issue then becomes the availability of important OS/2 applications.
The state will subsidize coverage for uninsured middle-class Minnesotans (maximum income about $38,300).
The violent crime rate was about 750 per 100,000 residents, the highest in the last three decades.
The deletion is consistent with other decisions by the Bush Administration, including a White House decision last year to cancel a study of teen-age behavior and attitudes because it included questions about contraception and sexual behavior.
Declining to Answer At the same time, many candidates avoided public appearances and declined to respond to questionnaires on issues.
Thus the deployment to Somalia will trickle slowly, a gushing stream forced into a small funnel.
Both systems represent potential growth products, because they enable listeners to record in a high-quality digital format.
Pets in Atlantic City Q.
For those who die, the militant clerics have promised shahada, the direct ascent to heaven granted to anyone who falls defending the faith.
Gibson, the left-hander acquired from Detroit during the off season, was trumpeted by the organization as "the final piece of the pitching puzzle."
'Looking for Freshness' At a time when the market for avant-garde American art was minuscule, Mrs. Parsons was the lone dealer willing to represent artists like Pollock after another dealer, Peggy Guggenheim, who first showed his work, had left New York for Italy.
Sometimes there is a 14-karat stamp on the wire of earrings, but not on the earrings themselves."
Mr. Brown, who was born in Desdemona, Tex., began his acting career in the 1940's after a successful stint as a teen-age tennis player.
The European Community issued a thinly veiled threat today to respond with taxes on American exports.
The H. J. Heinz Company bought the outstanding shares of a New Zealand food company yesterday for $300 million to expand its business in Australia and Asia.
Mr. Marculescu said the Government lends equipment to associations because it can be used most efficiently on large plots.
National Beef employs about 2,000 people in southwestern Kansas and nearby parts of Oklahoma and Colorado.
And this institution, the United Nations, born amidst the ashes of war, embodied those hopes and dreams like no other.
Beyond rebuilding their pricing credibility by eliminating most sales promotions, retailers hope to improve their bottom lines with "everyday low prices."
The consequences were woefully obvious.
The wide gap between the Federal Reserve's 3 percent short-term rates and the German central bank's rates of 9 percent or more means that many investors have shunned low-yield American investments in favor of high-yield German ones.
The same heavy balance might also preclude changing over to a 15-year loan.
Protest organizers compared their efforts to the organizing of the Screen Writers Guild in the 1940's, saying they hoped that one day publishers, among other things, would contribute to health insurance and pension funds for authors, the way movie studios must now do for screen writers.
Forest Whitaker Dr. Robin Van Dorn .
" The quiet little resort purchased by the Caduffs has become something of an armed camp, with helicopters buzzing overhead.
Two of the group's leaders, 36-year-old Terri Swearingen, a nurse and mother, and Beth Newman, a 32-year-old staff member for the environmental group Greenpeace, have been charged with contempt of court after they organized demonstrations at the plant gate.
I didn't know how to do anything -- except sing."
Operations should not be affected much by the sale.
Continuing the Bush campaign's strategy of fielding aggressive surrogates to attack Mr. Perot while the President stands aloof, Mr. Black painted Mr. Perot as a man "with a history of bending or breaking the rules."
Then there is magnolia, another dramatic part of spring.
The winner, Noriyoshi Horiuchi of Tokyo, paid $1.9 million, more than 10 times the presale estimate, setting a record at auction for any ancient Near Eastern artwork.
So far, Mr. Bush's advisers seem content to ignore Mr. Buchanan in the South, where they believe better economic conditions make voters less inclined to cast a protest ballot against the White House.
The diagramed deal was played Sunday in the New York Swiss stage of the Grand National Teams.
The poem said: "Keep fighting.
Well, it beats spending all day at the movies, or bumping into the four walls of a hotel room.
He said he could not identify his attackers.
'No Bad Guys' Vincent Caro, an engineer at the studio who is co-chairman of the Save Our Studios Committee, a group trying to prevent the closing, said that about 20 jobs would be lost if the plan goes through and that Bertelsmann had reneged on its promise to keep jobs in New York in return for the $11 million in tax incentives.
The members of the New York State Employee Leasing Association, of which I am president, applaud your interest in our growing industry, in which "a service company hires the work force of a small business and then leases the workers, with insurance coverage and other benefits, back to their original employer."
All he and Marbury could come up with was respect for Manhattan Center's stunning performance.
Their instruments seem to belong to their bodies completely.
So I'm a tough guy and I didn't automatically give credit, so what?"
June 2-21: "Smoke and Mirrors."
"We believe that Americans are more likely to design a system that is closest to American tastes," Mr. Fuhrer said, "but we are also facing these trade tensions, and doing this work in America is just a smart way to help keep those tensions down."
Many were asked to express their fears about the future while they kept moving.
Baybanks Inc., 2 million common shares.
Voters in Georgia, for instance, are getting leaflets that feature a military uniform and these not-so-subtle words that play on Mr. Clinton's draft history: "Bill Clinton has finally decided he'd like to serve his country."
Saks Fifth Avenue has a sling-back version in black patent by Escada ($315) that is sure to be different from anything you already have.
But on the academic side there is no consensus on which has the advantage.
I help people get what they need."
They said they completed the transaction Tuesday after receiving approval from the United States Justice Department.
But when she dons her sparkling hat and red jacket to lead people to their seats in the theater, which is decorated as a movie house, she becomes the someone special who is part of the glitter and glamour of Hollywood.
So I don't want to get into that.
"People were very mystified as to why I wouldn't want to be sworn in in City Hall," Ms. Lloyd, the first woman appointed to the post, said later.
In Manhattan, what neighbors remember most about the 45-year-old organist, Oather James Blocker, who has confessed to burglarizing 500 churches and synagogues of gold and silver articles worth as much as $2.5 million, is that he lived simply, was generally short of cash and kept a lot of cats.
Today it is easy to take for granted the remarkable U.S. success in mobilizing Arab states against Iraq and the ability of Arab governments to differentiate between U.S. policy and Iraq's aggression against Kuwait.
The company said business not related to the Defense Department grew to 30 percent of its total, from 26 percent in 1990.
Ed Reynolds has been filling in for him as an inside linebacker and Bart Oates as a long snapper.
The indictment also accused Mr. Altman of stealing $206,400 in 1984 from the bank account of Armando Corsini, who was declared mentally incompetent by the court, as well as $170,000 from an antiques company in 1987.
When McKinley gets the chair, boys, The magic word "protection" Will banish all dejection And free the workingman from every care; We will gain the world's respect When it knows our coin's "correct" And McKinley's in the chair!
And certainly none has poked this close to the whiz of traffic at Routes 4 and 17, the busiest crossroads in Bergen County.
In this land of potage and fromage, in a Meribel chalet restaurant named Yorky's, the view for some wanderers even included a cheeseburger and fries.
More traditional forms of soil reclamation are also more expensive.
We were always glad to get those letters, because they did confirm the presence, by handwritten notes, of these P.O.W.'s.
DANCE THEATER OF HARLEM, Brooklyn Academy of Music, 30 Lafayette Avenue, at Ashland Place, Fort Greene.
Ally of White Conservatives His support among the 7 million Zulus has never been tested by an election.
Biotechnology sales in the United States totaled $4 billion last year and are expected to reach $50 billion by the year 2000, analysts at Ernst & Young say.
But Mozambique is the most severely affected country in the southern Africa.
's premier chess computer, Deep Thought II, printed out that White had a slight advantage, although the game was still within the bounds of a draw.
The individual limit for contributions is $10,000, compared with a $2,000 for campaign contributions.
Most are in bottles of liquid as if they were medical specimens, but some -- the thumb, for example -- are mounted on small blocks.
This year my state ranks first in the country in job growth, fourth in manufacturing job growth, fourth in income growth, fourth in the decline of poverty.
Standing behind rolls of barbed wire today at the army checkpoint separating the Gaza Strip from Israel, Nasser Ali was good and angry.
"What did you say the name of the station was?"
Retailers usually charge about 87 percent more than the importer's price of the wine, industry executives say, so a bottle for which an importer now pays $5.07 now is likely to be sold by a retailer for about $9.50.
Mielke, the 30-year-old head pro at Lawrence (L.I.)
Several churches, including Rutgers Presbyterian on West 73d Street and Trinity Churchin Lower Manhattan, own buildings they rent to nonreligious groups.
And now the cold war is over, and they claim, "Hey, we were with you all the way."
New York consumers will pay $4.5 billion in extra costs in the 1990's, utilities say, because of a state law passed years ago.
He is an Israeli who has had 30 works -- novels, essays, even plays -- published in Hebrew, but he does not consider himself the same kind of Israeli author as those who were born there or arrived there before they could speak.
Analysts say the markets are favoring producers because of a combination of factors that have been either limiting supplies or increasing demand.
Mr. Arafat, the 62-year-old chairman of the P.L.O., talked to his headquarters in Tunis shortly after a patrol from a desert training camp at Sarra in southern Libya found him bruised but not seriously injured.
Ted Athanassiades, senior executive vice president, will be named president and chief operating officer, the release said.
In the year preceding the downturn, economic growth averaged but 1 percent.
Evacuees headed for the 140,000 shelter beds in schools, recreation centers and shopping malls farther inland.
Some of the Americans spoke of an unexpected rapport with Mr. Yeltsin.
All nine Justices agreed today, in an opinion by Justice Clarence Thomas, that the man was a prevailing party.
In January 1989, Mr. Lozano shot and killed a black motorcyclist in a predominantly black neighborhood.
Others in the league include Frank Iaizzi of Stamford, who once held the world record for an eight-game set, and Tom Lynch of West Haven, who was ranked fourth in the nation in 1982.
Mr. Iacocca said he believes Chrysler's timing was good, because these models will become available just as the market is improving.
Answers don't seem to come easily on many emotional issues in a modern America adrift in its unappreciated natural bounty.
Todd Frohwirth completed three innings for his first save.
He is a skater with creative ideas offensively and without any pitfalls in his game defensively.
The British Government is investigating plans of Allied and Carlsberg to put their British brewing units into a venture that would have about 20 percent of the market.
Anatoly Karpov preferred 7 Qb3 and achieved the advantage against Jan Timman in Tilburg, the Netherlands, last fall after 7 .
"Bobby and me, we'd be together again, and believe me we were good together -- B.
The victory extended the Jazz's Midwest Division lead to four games over San Antonio and improved Utah's league-best home record to 31-3.
In an interview, Mr. Wiesel said had he agreed to come to Austria because the country was entering a new phase in its history since the election last month of a successor to Kurt Waldheim, the Austrian President who leaves office on July 8.
Indiana, another semifinalist last year, also advanced with a 4-1 victory over Evansville and will meet Washington, which defeated Portland, 2-1.
For the full year, GTE earned $1.58 billion, or $1.75 a share, down 8.1 percent from $1.72 billion, or $1.93 a share, for 1990.
Under the proposed merger, Fifth Third would have about 27 percent of the deposits in Cincinnati, said Maura Connolly, a spokeswoman with Fifth Third.
Ordinarily, a Democratic nominee would use his pre-convention period to mollify Mr. Jackson, not provoke him.
As with all the entrees we tried, it was served with fluffy rice, steamed carrots, broccoli and summer squash.
She had to be able to explain why the Taj Antique Satin was worth the money or how to save with Jeweltex.
Already the fields of wheat enveloping this jumble of low brick-and-mud houses are well past waist high, undulating waves of green-gold that lap into the distance, a gentle barrier fencing Pilana off from other villages and from distant towns and cities.
Babies born four to six weeks early are started lying skin to skin for prolonged periods with their mothers in the delivery room.
Now, new interior vistas are available to the casual traveler.
In the meantime, the Raphans, who have paid more than $1,000 for classified ads in their unsuccessful attempt to sell the studio, have bought a home in Livingston, N.J., and this month they began renting out their co-op for $895 a month.
The July issue of the "Archie" comic book, published by Archie Comic Publications Inc., Mamaroneck, N.Y., features a plot line in which the eternal teen-agers visit a Club Med in St. Lucia, in the West Indies.
For a number of years, I made the mistake of judging Mr. Bly by the excesses of many of the men who carry his banner.
"But his club played hard for him and was sound fundamentally."
The flip side is a tendency to be pedestrian.
28," (Leonard Slatkin conducting the St. Louis Symphony Orchestra; John Browning, piano) Classical Producer: James Mallinson
The dampening effect of higher rates on the economy most likely will show up first in the housing sector, and yesterday the Veterans Affairs Department said that because of rising market rates, it was raising the maximum interest rate on V.A.
's own building in Mount Pleasant, N.Y. or its joint-venture building in Somers, N.Y. People who had been in leased space in White Plains and Valhalla, N.Y., have been moved to I.B.M.
The Penn Traffic Company, which has 90 convenience stores and supermarkets in the area, has also agreed to buy City Pride bread.
The Senate Republicans, arguing that deep cuts are needed to bring the state budget into permanent balance, have called for the elimination of emergency assistance programs that provide cash to poor families threatened with eviction to the streets.
The shop had won the account twice in the last nine months, but the decision had been protested by losing agencies.
Miss Fisher has said she and Mr. Buttafuoco trysted in his shop and in motels.
"An extremely critical situation has arisen," said Mr. Mandela, who has blamed the Government for complicity in the killing last month of more than 40 blacks at Boipatong, a township about 35 miles south of Johannesburg.
Coupled with the trimming of a few rebates recently by domestic car makers, the increases by Saturn and Lexus are more signs of the growing optimism within the industry.
So far, that's exactly what they've done.
These witty and challenging works raise a number of profound questions about the nature of art and images.
They opened China to the world and spurred double-digit rapid growth.
For some New Yorkers, the employer sanctions seemed to validate their anxieties that low-paid immigrants had been stealing their jobs after all, advocates for immigrants said.
Victoria's "O Magnum Mysterium," Billings's "Virgin Unspotted," Monteverdi's Mass for Four Voices, Daquin's "Noel Suisse," Messiaen's "Bergers," Brahms's "Lo, How a Rose E'er Blooming," and traditional carols.
Dependent Upon the Elderly As a result, there are generations, and generational divides, forming within what can look to younger people like the great gray continuum of old age, creating burdens and joys similar to those that come with generational differences among the young.
Nibblers can stand at the bar or sit at one of the small tables in the back.
After the intermission, Mr. Moroney gave a refined account of Bach's French Suite No.
"He had me down 3-0, 15-40, and then the momentum changed."
Chambers will be released in February, when he will have spent five years in custody.
Perhaps the best appetizer was a cumin-flavored salad of sweetbreads and artichokes with lacy fried leeks ($9).
Dogs and cats in Western households eat food that is more nutritious than the typical rations that relief workers give refugees, British scientists say.
"I am very happy that A.T.& T. helps us to develop a modern telecommunications network so quickly," said Jerzy Stopczyk, chairman of the Polish company.
Mr. Cuomo was less sanguine than either Mr. Weprin or the Senate majority leader, Ralph J. Marino, a Republican from Oyster Bay, L.I.
"To keep the Dockers message fresh, we had to adopt a different position," Bob Siegel, president of the men's wear division at Levi Strauss, said in a telephone interview from San Francisco.
's, "they might be forced to issue registered warrants themselves."
And Darren E. Burrows, normally seen as Ed, is obviously the only one who can fill the role of sensitive young Ned.
Fears over its fate comes when confidence in a stable and prosperous Europe has given way to pessimism.
"With this lease, the first two phases of the development are now fully occupied," said Anthony P. Grant, chief executive officer of London and Leeds Development Corporation, the project's developer.
The El Nino current is now getting a big media buildup.
Over the last 22 years, Mr. Panic and his companies have been investigated by two federal regulatory agencies and assessed penalties, while stockholders have also contested some of his actions.
The rest of the new California nominees, as well as two women who were renominated, are Democrats, and several are given good chances to win.
"Even when times are bad, people somehow keep buying for their children and their pets," said Robert Kastner, a manufacturer of dog sweaters, dog T-shirts and dog and cat beds.
Periodically through his two and a half years in office, Vincent has been the subject of articles quoting owners -- always anonymously -- saying that he is unpopular among his employers and will not serve beyond his present term.
Yet when Sony tries to cut costs, after being on a spending binge for two years, the town seems shaken.
Lazard Freres & Company acted as lead manager for the underwriting.
"I always feel that when a younger group of people play together on the line that they can adapt more quickly, and that's a great plus," said Kovalev, who scored a brilliant goal in the second period, beating goalie Andre Racicot on his short side with a 10-foot shot.
Mr. Greenspan followed this tradition, some economists said, not because he wanted to help the White House but because he, like his predecessors, knew that painting a gloomy picture could cause markets to plunge and companies to lay off workers.
He questioned what would constitute a luxury-level rent, citing, for example, several roommates living in a $2,000-a-month apartment.
The case first came to light in Iowa, where 88 cities, counties and other government entities pooled idle cash for Mr. Wymer to invest in the Iowa Trust.
He discovered that he liked setting his own pace so much that he passed up two offers to work full time in industrial sales.
"Our historical experience becomes this important thing that I never knew before," she said in a telephone interview from her home in Vermont.
Mrs. Lantiere called Mr. Schwartz's supervisor, Harold Damas.
The show can be seen in Paris till May 24 and at the National Gallery in Washington from Nov. 1 till Jan. 24, 1993.
Arrange on a platter and sprinkle with the reserved parsley.
The State Supreme Court in Manhattan has rejected the request of Sotheby's to be released from involvement in the tangled legal dispute over the ownership of 14 pieces of ancient Roman silver, known as the Sevso silver, which the auction house has valued at $70 million.
And even though the home cook has fewer choices than the professional, there are still several brands to select on the market.
In an interview on Wednesday with The Washington Post, he said that without such cost-cutting steps, the Postal Service would be faced with a $2 billion deficit next year -- enough to raise the price of a first-class letter from 29 cents, its current level, to 35 cents.
The head of the Justice Department's fraud section, Lawrence Urgenson, today strongly denied that he urged a C.I.A.
"The mind set is that we've got to move forward while we can and prove that a Democratic Congress can succeed."
Similarly "weekend," which entered, like many other terms, after the Entente Cordiale of 1904, is pronounced "vikande" or "ouikennede."
The 5-year-old, whose name was not disclosed, remained in critical condition last night, also at Harlem Hospital.
Performances are at 1, 4 and 8:30 P.M. at the University Settlement House, 184 Eldridge Street in Manhattan.
In Moscow, the Americans met with Oleg D. Kalugin, the retired K.G.B.
So yesterday, the restaurant ran a full-page congratulatory ad created by Frankfurt Gips Balkind in The New York Times.
Assembly Democrats created 11 seats with a majority of Hispanic voters, all of them in New York City.
As a result, no special prosecutor will be appointed to look into the case further.
But the odds have gotten pretty high.
However, when the war erupted in mid-January, we were compelled to let go some experienced employees.
As many as 16 people have been killed in the attacks this year.
A fumble recovery by Omar Diequez set up the 8-play, 66-yard drive.
It was during this lull that one student climbed a gate under a window on the north side of the building, pushed the window open and climbed inside.
But she never gets on the train.
On a recent day, the counselors at Mr. Wheeler's center were told that if long lines formed appointments were to be given for Oct. 7, but rain cut down on the number of visitors to the center, allowing counselors to meet with all comers.
No one obeys the campaign financing law."
In all, it brought $28 million.
Vasiliki Johnides, who founded a Long Island restaurant popular with food critics and celebrities, died on Tuesday at Southampton Hospital in Southampton, L.I.
Whoever plays the hero of Tom Clancy's novels, he always saves the world from destruction.
The scene is repeated several times, alternating with images of airborne creatures and pagodas sprouting rooftop trees.
The product, called the Kneedspeed, was designed three years ago by Jeff Markland, a former football player with the Miami Dolphins.
MPI, in the Chicago suburb of Oak Brook, specializes in news-related home videos.
"Once he crosses that river, his mind-set changes from being a Latin to being an American who identifies very much as a Latin or an Hispanic, but along with that folds in the idea that he is now an American.
An April wedding is planned.
"We thought we were going to stay in the military for 20 years," she said.
Mr. Glass provides one example of such influence; the techniques of world musics are becoming part of the training of Western composers.
"The risks in Russia are greater than in any other part of the world," said Dexter Baker, chairman of the National Association of Manufacturers and also of Air Products and Chemicals Inc., a multinational company based in Allentown, Pa. "So if American industry is to do business there, it needs special Government protection, and that can be done by expanding investment insurance and export guarantees."
Company officials were concerned with the viability of the current site, which includes some buildings constructed nearly a century ago.
The belted short shorts are $48.
Such agencies include the National Aeronautics and Space Administration and the National Oceanographic and Atmospheric Administration.
"The genius of what I.B.M.
The guest speaker on campus that day, he said, inferring a Roman numeral, would be Malcolm the 10th.
The calamities that plagued the Japanese crew during the semifinals of the America's Cup challenger trials last week are likely to seal the team's fate on the race course Tuesday.
Earlier, while the concrete-block house was under construction, numerous baffled passers-by wanted to know what it was.
At this time of year -- between rich holiday meals -- a substantial soup is the perfect main course for lunch or dinner, followed with a light salad.
What Lindsay did was sort of gulp and say, 'Let me get back to you.'
Along with "Chariots of Fire," it is perhaps the most emblematic of all the films that Britain produced in the 80's.
Countries on the board of the organization choose the head of the agency; the job has a yearly salary of $98,251 after taxes, plus $97,268 for living expenses.
Yesterday morning Mr. Clinton laid out the country's sorry economic condition in a direct, plain-talking way.
The securities are rated A-1 by Moody's and AA- by Standard & Poor's.
Bring the water to a boil and simmer for 3 minutes.
Ms. Baird communicated deeper, more mystical meanings and showed her familiar gift for subtle, glinting ornamentation.
(Such a process exists in Federal law.)
Monday to Friday, 9 A.M. to 4 P.M.; Saturday 10 A.M. to 3 P.M. ARTCO RESTAURANT EQUIPMENT: 14-14 Astoria Boulevard, Long Island City, Queens 11102; (718) 721-1888.
Ways to replace feelings of fear with feelings of love in daily life.
"You don't have to overcome any inhibitions within yourself on this track," Ortlieb said after the first downhill victory of his career.
They could use the kind of conversion Terry Pendleton made from the playoff (.167, 0 home runs) to the World Series (.367, 2 home runs) a year ago.
Ms. Haire-Sargeant's approach differs greatly from that taken by Rhys, however.
But mindful of fatal shootouts with a number of extremists in recent years, the marshals have been reluctant to provoke a confrontation with him.
They can offer me how many deals they want.
It will be at least two years before the new wireless services are available, and at least a decade before telephone companies have the capacity to provide multiple channels of video.
"We get endless requests, whether it's the American Cancer Society or someone else," said Jim Steeg, director of special events for the N.F.L.
With David Robinson's season cut short by injury, and with Hakeem Olajuwon having a subpar season, at least for him, Ewing may have been the league's best center from start to finish.
Let us sell prosperity bonds, which would be used solely for affordable housing, repair of our decaying infrastructure and to upgrade our second-class educational system.
The group also asked for an annual day of prayer and healing for victims of sexual abuse and a continued dialogue with the bishops' conference.
Then, too, the restaurant's name suggests a certain informality, while the place itself is one of the most elegant-looking Chinese restaurants in Fairfield County, with five handsome dining rooms done in pastel colors, well-spaced tables and banquettes, and walls decorated with delicate Chinese watercolors.
Obeying orders does not immunize any who defend their country from moral responsibility for repugnant acts.
Feeding Forests In the Amazon Equally astonishing to Dr. Garstang was the presence of African dust in the Amazon, which he and fellow researchers detected during a NASA-backed expedition in 1987.
"European computer research is mainly concerned with civilian applications, while in the United States, it's half military, half civilian.
The Conservatives hold a 21-vote margin in Parliament.
He swung helplessly at strike one.
Palestinians reacted coolly to the announcement.
Brenning McNamara admits she never understood the real reason Aller killed himself, only that "he was caught in a skin that had gotten too tight."
Those selected for publication may be shortened for space reasons.
And one guard is now in Somerset County jail on charges of repeated sexual assaults against one girl.
He said he would stay in Geneva more to help restore confidence in the organization's administrative ability.
"I had no plan, no strategy, but I always felt I could win."
Among his prized possessions are a pressurized right-hand Gemini spacesuit glove that is marked "Size: Shepard"; spacesuits made for Gus Grissom and Edward White, and a Project Mercury helmet, which he said was bought from a dealer who bought it from a friend of an astronaut.
They indict based on the evidence."
An American diplomat who is one of Dr. Nakajima's strongest critics and spoke on condition of anonymity said his re-election would establish a precedent that a rich country could buy a new term for what he called an incompetent incumbent.
By 1985 this figure had jumped to 23.3 percent, nearly one child in five.
Korean merchants complain that government promises of immediate aid have not been honored and that Small Business Administration loans require documentation that most informally operated Korean businesses do not have.
And steeper cuts are in store next year.
But she was always nice.
"I didn't come here to chop and mash," Ms. Santucci said.
'An Idea' Is Needed For the smaller republics, the union's final demise in December meant the birth of a new state and liberation from Moscow's tyranny.
Lots of Starting Pitchers There is such a corps of starting pitchers who deserve the honor that the team has a starting rotation: Mike Mussina of Baltimore, Juan Guzman of Toronto, Charles Nagy of Cleveland, Kevin Appier of Kansas City and Jaime Navarro of Milwaukee, all right-handed, all in the American League.
"But such reports mask the actual lack of generosity among such persons."
The big event in town, strangely enough, is the coming 24-hour Grand Prix auto race on ice, to be contested on several glazed streets around the city.
Such a review should conclude that the Chirwas were unjustly seized, tried and convicted, that they are unjustly detained as prisoners of conscience, who have not committed or advocated violence, and that they should be pardoned, released and allowed to leave Malawi.
So if you really want to know whether you are drinking moderately, you must measure your drinks or consume them from a premeasured container.
Sluman, too, could hold his head high, although the playoff loss was the third without a victory in his 10-year career.
He later earned a journalism degree at Baylor University in Waco, Tex.
"She always has said her intention was to kill herself, not him."
would soon choose where to consolidate production of its two rear-wheel car plants: in Arlington or at the Willow Run plant in Ypsilanti.
Now, Rabbi David Niederman, executive director of United Jewish Organizations of Williamsburg, calls Luis Garden Acosta, executive director of a neighborhood social center, El Puente, "a good friend."
Dr. George C. Sawyer Sr., a chemical engineer and drug developer who became an executive, professor and proponent of corporate social responsibility, died July 2 at the Butterfield Hospital in Cold Spring, N.Y.
At Brookings he was a research fellow in 1939 and 1940, a senior fellow from 1962 to 1978 and an active senior fellow emeritus since 1982.
To the Editor: "Sister Souljah Is No Willie Horton" (editorial, June 17) indicates that Sister Souljah was calling for violence against whites and praises Gov.
Cavatelli with grilled shrimp, broccoli rape and roasted tomatoes was zestily seasoned and deftly cooked.
Even as Mr. Havel's international standing was rising, his power to move events in his own country was ebbing steadily.
"They have managed to put together a superb blend of guys who really just love to play.
The concept may work, for Miami and Union City, though 1,310 miles apart on Interstate 95, could hardly be closer.
Mr. Massey said that letters from New Haven Mayor John C. Daniels and West Haven Mayor H. Richard Borer supporting a minor league franchise at Yale Field had been sent to the expansion committee.
The wall itself has now largely disappeared, replaced by what the German writer Gunter Grass has called a "social abyss."
"Its sensibility might be gay, but it will be camp humor and entertainment that is going to appeal to the non-gay population, too," said Ric Alonso, the publisher and owner, whose background is in desktop publishing, producing newsletters and small local newspapers.
There was the look-alike contest, which she won, co-sponsored by the Hollywood Chamber of Commerce; a party for Capitol Records, at which she crooned "Happy Birthday" in Monroe fashion; the movies "Calendar Girl" and "MM," and for television, "Hard Copy," "The Kennedy Assassinations" and "The Marilyn Files."
The three were at six-under-par 138 on the Squaw Creek Country Club course, one shot ahead of five golfers: Beth Daniel; the first-round leader, Denise Baldwin; Donna Andrews; Rosie Jones, and Dottie Mochrie.
Marie, Mich., one, in 1988. .
"Pitting the parents and child as adversaries often will be at odds with the presumption that parents act in the best interest of their child," the Court said in that case, Parham v. J.R.
"I have never become immune to the shock I feel when those who are supposed to enforce the law become its violators," he said at the news conference.
But the dance is otherwise as hilariously bombastic as its musical accompaniment.
The electronics industry was exclusively American until our producers sought low-labor markets in the Far East.
The things you remember as being so big are actually so small (and the other way around).
Mr. Slavin and Mr. Zigler say Chapter 1 should be reorganized as a program that specifically extends the benefits of Head Start through elementary school and should focus on prevention rather than tutoring after a child falls behind.
These days he seems quite used to living on the periphery, both physically and artistically.
The compromise being offered is to create a new assembly that would set broad policy guidelines by consensus.
"That's what it says on paper," Mr. Ulray said.
That was the case with Arlington, Tex., when the Texas Rangers baseball team contemplated moving in 1989.
Lincoln has been dead for six score and seven years, but Burnett is still in use -- one of nine schools in the state, six of them in Newark, that are still in service after 120 years.
As if the commissioners needed a reminder, Bill White, the National League president and the highest ranking black executive in baseball, sent tremors through his sport's establishment by expressing pent-up anger to the Black Coaches Association convention.
Mr. Clinton and Mr. Gore, who today will begin a six-day bus trip that will stop in seven states, used emotional appeals, humor and Biblical references to pursue their mission of redefining Mr. Clinton as a politician who is not only strong, but also worthy of trust.
The nonprofit, nonpartisan council was established in 1921 to improve the understanding of international affairs.
An hourlong buffet begins at 5 P.M. For reservations, call (212) 697-1318.
3 Israeli Soldiers Slain> Three Israeli soldiers were killed in the occupied Gaza Strip, apparently by Islamic militants who raked their jeep with automatic gunfire.
Although much opposition came from concern about the budget deficit, several California Republicans opposed the project to punish Representative Dick Armey of Texas for challenging Representative Jerry Lewis of California for the post of chairman of the House Republican Conference.
FLUOR CORP., Irvine, Calif., said its subsidiary Fluor Daniel had been awarded a $325 million contract to provide engineering, procurement and construction services for Freeport Indonesia Inc., an affiliate of Freeport-McMoran Copper and Gold Inc.
Ms. Evangelista could not be reached for comment on Mr. Lazar's legs.
Literature and Signs The "It's the Law" campaign involves the distribution of literature and signs noting that sales of tobacco to children are illegal.
The Party of God is strong in most areas where Syrian troops are stationed, such as mainly Muslim West Beirut, its predominantly Shiite southern suburbs and Bekaa.
Now that it has happened twice, similar or even larger protests may develop in the remaining primary contests.
As her daughter I was no more entitled to information about her life than a checkout girl at the supermarket.
But if the intent was to bolster national pride, for many Iranians it reinforced a conviction that the Government was using too much electricity when three-hour daily blackouts are the norm, and that the celebrations are overdone.
Women throughout the world are becoming infected with the virus that causes AIDS about as often as men, and by the year 2000 most new infections will be in women, the World Health Organization's leading official on the disease told an international meeting here today.
Neither was it clear how the State Department determined that the material was missing.
The gallery, at Chapel and York Streets in New Haven, is open free of charge Tuesday through Saturday from 10 A.M. to 5 P.M., and on Sunday from 2 to 5 P.M. For information, 432-0600.
We were scarcely a generation away from a time when cancer was such an unspeakable word that Americans wouldn't let obituary writers reveal that next-of-kin had died of it.
If these two arguments are presented to deputies, I am sure they will vote in favor of the agreement."
A toned arm promises a back, he said.
The new bill instead processes complaints under the state labor code, which carries civil penalties.
Critics of that provision, primarily church and civil-rights groups, maintained that it would punish children and would do little to prevent welfare mothers from having more children.
The dismissals came a day after Mr. Gotti's lawyer, Albert J. Krieger, asked the judge to question them privately to determine if they had read news articles over the weekend reporting that the prosecution plans to present evidence that Mr. Gotti authorized six murders in addition to the five murders already charged in the indictment.
The United States may also dispatch Patriot missiles to Bahrain, a Pentagon official said.
We also have pages from some of Bernstein's marked scores, and Mahler's score of his version of the Bach Suites.
b-Included $ 228,000 charge related to start-up costs of MediTek Health Corp. and increased expenditures for aerospace research and development programs.c-Included charge of $ 555,000 related to start-up costs of MediTek and increased expenditures for development programs.
Hanging Out in Georgetown The drama from the makers of "Beverly Hills 90210" is "The Roundtable," on Fridays at 9.
"Holyfield hit Holmes with windup shots and did not buckle him.
He was among the five candidates for President.
European nations said they would offer money to help poor countries protect the environment.
But picking a fight against Continental on profitable routes is a far different gamble, he said.
It is not any individual person, but Holy Scripture, the church's living spirit-guided tradition and its teaching office (of Pope and bishops) that authoritatively specify the Catholic faith as it is to be believed or lived.
"I lost two Super Bowls."
"She said 'nothing, nothing,' " the mother testified.
They also believe that money influences how judges treat those who appear before them, that those who can afford to hire private lawyers are treated with deference, while those who cannot afford counsel are not.
A Louis XIV six-drawer ebony commode attributed to Andre-Charles Boulle, acquired recently from an old English collection, is exhibited for the first time.
And lawyers say that much of it will be paid for by taxpayers because the companies that sponsored the events will be able to write off the events as "ordinary and necessary" business expenses.
Club, which each month will send children recipes, lessons and utensils.
"We're not conceding anything," said Felipe Alou, the manager of the Expos.
"We think it's a good agreement," he said.
SUNY College at Old Westbury's mission is to provide the supports necessary to educate many kinds of "nontraditional" students, and we offer a number of innovative programs of interest to older learners, both during the day and at night.
But lately they have been seeking to stress the link between financial and constitutional issues, raising the specter of fleeing investors, a sinking Canadian dollar and soaring interest rates if the accord is not approved.
Grentz, who played for Cardinal O'Hara, immediately caught Rush's eye.
The statement said Mrs. Rafizadeh's husband, Majid, had been an Iranian official before the Shah was toppled in the revolution that brought the Ayatollah Ruholla Khomeini to power in 1979.
Last season, Taylor was the backup quarterback to Ken O'Brien, the starter.
The professor has become a prominent Melville scholar, or Melvillian, as he calls himself.
At the Treasury's weekly auction of three- and six-month bills on Monday, average discount rates were down.
As you're approaching the finish, all hurdlers listen for one another.
3 Bosnia's President says his forces have poison-gas weapons.
season with a game here at the Civic Arena against Eric Lindros and the Philadelphia Flyers.
"I might be limited on Saturday, but I expect I'll be able to play by then," Rivers said.
However, if the Big Three can convince shoppers that buying a Taurus instead of a Toyota carries some cachet, then buying an American brand may represent added value in the same way that buyers pay extra for the prestige of owning a Cadillac or Mercedes, said Clifford Winston, a senior research associate for the Brookings Institution.
But Mr. Brown won narrowly in 1990, had 26 overdrafts at the House bank and has a lot of new voters to meet.
But Libya seems to be resisting demands to turn over two agents in the bombing of a Pan Am flight.
The social workers said they had just convinced the man to buy a ticket on Metro-North to go to a treatment center outside the city.
It's tapping back into how the world felt when someone was a child."
William Bolcom's music is an all-American synthesis of black and white pop and Latin styles; he is reportedly happier with this pared-down version of "Casino Paradise" than with the orchestrated and stage-directed production at the American Music Theater Festival in Philadelphia two years ago.
Occidental Net income plunged to $75 million, or 25 cents a share, from $147 million, or 49 cents a share.
"I like the products tarter," Mr. Crane said.
"The press is much more rabid.
There is no cornstarch in the broth, yet it has as much flavor as the heartiest chowder.
Autopsies showed that three other women were stabbed to death: Juliana R. Frank, Laurette Huggins Reviere and Ms. Hunter.
-- Ruth H. Smith, New Paltz, N.Y. A.
Other main course options that evening were penne with grilled vegetables, arugula and mozzarella, and a hamburger with red cabbage cole slaw and fried potatoes.
And the cafe isn't popular only with musicians.
Harold A. Valentine of the General Accounting Office, the Congressional investigative agency, said the Resolution Trust Corporation and the Federal Deposit Insurance Corporation could be filing many more lawsuits against officials of failed banks and savings and loans, as well as the accountants, lawyers and appraisers who worked for them.
"This is the only region in the world where you have B.C., A.D. and the 21st century," said Abdul Mohammed, the director of the Inter-Africa Group, a new consulting concern based in Addis Ababa.
Courtney had already seen "The Nutcracker" six times and said she wished she could perform in it herself.
THE newest pedigree in Connecticut belongs to the Mayflower Inn, a glamorous place better suited to those who came over on the Concorde than to more traditional pilgrims.
offered the night's only glimmer of political activism in an election year when its lead singer, Michael Stipe, said from the stage, "We really need candidates who will really address important issues," naming AIDS and the economy among others.
"So the mill gets a million dollars to expand their business, and meanwhile all the small businesses that have grown up around it are losing their trade," Mrs. Morascini said.
"The employee is already dealing with it in family and elsewhere," Mr. Longie said.
Not that Mr. Reiner has served in the Navy or faced a high-stakes military trial, which is the centerpiece of the movie.
And it's not because Moroccan food is suddenly the rage.
Col. Ned Longsworth, said the general had accepted the rifle as a gift from French forces that fought with American troops but immediately turned it over to the 82d Airborne Division's museum at Fort Bragg when he returned to the United States in April 1991.
The New Diet for Runners Mtolo is Zulu to the core, so steadfast in his customs that he couldn't run the marathon on Sunday morning unless he'd eaten a traditional meal of phutu on Saturday night.
TIE DOMI is hoping for a second straight start, and might get one because of the nagging leg problems of JOE KOCUR.
Investors reacted to a Commerce Department report that revised October retail sales up to a 1.9 percent increase, from the originally reported increase of nine-tenths of 1 percent.
That would reduce the number of free agents from more than 600 to slightly more than 460.
He said later that he was conserving himself for the final.
With nearly 7.9 million square feet of commercial and residential space, the project would increase the population of the area by 10,000 people, who would live in 5,700 apartments.
Dr. Boyle told a Senate Judiciary subcommittee that the measure would require doctors to "be responsible for the welfare of every fetus, whose legal and health interest would, in the eyes of the law, be equal to, but may be in conflict with, those of the woman."
After the merger, Mr. O'Neal had responsibility for the same businesses but was stripped of his directorship, demoted to senior executive vice president and required to report to Edward Miller, a former executive from Manufacturers Hanover.
I'm Afraid of Silence," choreographed by Mr. Allen, Ms. Latsky and Andrea E. Smith to a text by Mr. Allen and Mr. Smith.
He called the chairs "technologically interesting" and "immensely likable."
Critics say Ms. Braun, a lawyer, should have made sure her mother had reported the money.
But Mr. Dinkins's relations with Hispanic leaders deteriorated last year when Dr. Carrillo was forced to resign amid investigations into the finances and the quality of care at municipal hospitals, as well as disclosures that he had accepted personal loans from officials of private hospitals with city contracts.
The Braves already had the pitching advantage going into this series, and Smoltz totally justified Manager Bobby Cox's unorthodox choice of a righty to open against the Pirates.
On the Republican side, the results showed that Mr. Bush faces a continued protest vote of about a third of the Republican primary voters.
Mr. Rubino, he said, conveniently "forgets that these people are his client's closest friends and associates," so that "if they are scum, then he is" too.
Peter Hoskins (Alec Baldwin) works in a Chicago publishing house.
On the defenders' course, Bill Koch, skipper of Kanza, defeated Dennis Conner's Stars & Stripes by 42 seconds.
Whatever the circumstances, the body-double casting decision usually comes down to a private interview that is frank, sexual and charged with all the erotic tension of a military inspection.
Yet the judge also added a less tangible element: he is requiring the two sides to sit down and talk.
Still, Molloy stressed that Michael's power had not been usurped and that there was constant communication during negotiations.
Not surprisingly, the courts have wrestled ever since not only with what is "reasonable" -- an obsession in many branches of the law -- but also with what constitutes "prevailing."
According to the decree, only Italians with pre-tax annual income less than about $34,000 -- roughly one third of the 57 million population -- would qualify for free health care.
Perceptions at Stake The Joint Commission, which had received complaints about the integrity of minutes at Woodhull and Kings County, took a new look at Kings County once the hospital decided to hire Dr. Shershow, said a commission spokesman, Stephen Davidow.
INSIDE PITCH JERRY NIELSEN pitched three scoreless innings in his major league debut and may have won a reprieve for the second half.
MARK STERN Beverly Hills, Calif.
"Both of them are preferable to what the Legislature was trying to do to me," he said.
In spite of this oft-repeated observation, Shropshire has not lost his position.
"Before we start listening for signals from intelligent beings on planets that may orbit beta Pictoris," Dr. Backman said, "we should bear in mind that the star is only 100 million years old, and if an Earth-like planet is orbiting it the planet's crust will not yet be cool enough to harden."
Most of the donated goods have been getting to the survivors.
-- CASSANDRA THOMAS, president of the National Coalition Against Sexual Assault.
Mr. Clinton has all but ignored Mr. Brown, attempting to refocus his campaign on President Bush and the fall.
His father is a founding partner of Slaughter & Redinger, a law firm in Charlottesville.
In his closing argument, a defense lawyer said today that a widely publicized videotape of a police beating was deceptive and asserted that it was the actions of the victim, Rodney G. King, that were to blame for the violence it shows.
Billy Stephen of Park Slope, Brooklyn, for example, took an adjustable loan seven years ago when he bought a $120,000 weekend house in Woodstock, N.Y.
There would be another run for the Braves in the fourth, and of course, inning after inning of nothing from the Mets.
Back Home in Chicago But this is not really a week for new ideas, at least not new ideas that can be easily attacked with conventional techniques like 30-second commercials.
Carroll Joye, manager of Orangeburg Municipal Airport, said the Cessna 310 was designed to hold six people.
One of the Waterford reactors, Millstone 2, suffered three pipe ruptures last year, one in a pipe that was supposed to be checked but was not because of worker error.
Quietly, at the very time the project has moved from contentious public hearings to completion, the supply of natural gas from United States oil fields has risen, and its price declined.
Mr. Burns, 39, likens the program to a dance rehearsal.
Red Holzman in pro basketball.
"We've delivered to some houses for 30 years; we've seen families grow up."
Tong Zhiguang, Vice Minister of Foreign Economic Relations and Trade, said the United States would be entirely to blame if a trade war broke out.
The Congressional Budget Office says it appears not "to have affected systemwide costs."
The National Aeronautics and Space Administration's old shuttle record was 10 days and 21 hours, set by the Columbia in 1990.
The young man shakes his head no.
Reasons for Leaving: Spend more time with his wife and family.
He was 89 years old and lived in Bayonne.
The adviser, Frank Black, also said the chief aerodynamist at Fokker told the board that a sandpaper thin layer of ice or frost could cause a severe loss of lift on the front part of the wing -- the area most critical to lift.
He could crush half a grapefruit into his girlfriend's face, he could steal and kill, but in the last scene we find Tom dead on his mother's doorstep, "swaddled in a blanket like an infant in a nightmare fulfillment of his dependence."
He served as Social Affairs Minister in the conservative Government of Prime Minister Jacques Chirac between 1986 and 1988.
Early in that face-off, Commander Anderson asked repeatedly for permission to shoot.
Socially, he was not often out and about.
Second, much of the financing on the New York properties, which constitute the bulk of the subsidiary, is asset-based, nonrecourse financing, which means that creditors would have access only to troubled office buildings and not the rest of the company if they foreclosed on their loans.
To the Editor: We were driving, my wife and I, from one end of Connecticut to another on Columbus Day weekend, talking about the coming Presidential debate.
Monday night, as she prepared to address the convention, Angela Alioto, the vice president of the California Democratic Party, noticed that the rumpled green jacket she had worn all day was spattered with six different spots.
Wetterau's sales for the quarter were unchanged at $1.4 billion.
Assaults are defined as any "serious attack" upon another person, but many episodes -- ranging from a punch to a shoving incident -- are difficult to classify and go unreported, officials say.
One reason for the gap between numbers and reality is that the Federal statistics are based on reported, rather than actual, crime.
"I just kept telling myself that I've stunk this entire series," said Pendleton, who entered the game with a .188 average.
Of the approximately 150 assistants in the United States Attorney's Eastern District office, about 25 work on narcotics investigations, and several of these become involved in Asian smuggling cases.
Mr. Weltner was one of only seven Southerners in the House to vote for the bill.
The company has also contended that the Agnellis consider Perrier a financial, not an industrial, investment and should be willing to pocket a profit by selling their Perrier stake.
Optioned Calvin Jones, pitcher, to Calgary of the Pacific Coast League.
Although Vincent has not indicated how he would view Steinbrenner's request to change the agreement over Steinbrenner's involvement with an admitted gambler, it would be premature to think that the commissioner will let Steinbrenner back this year.
Bypassing any meaningless chatter, Mr. Hartley's characters casually drop their own unbelievable truths.
For the most powerful boats, the Superboat and Open Class craft of 35-50 feet, the course will put a premium on acceleration.
Making only his second relief appearance as a professional and his first since he was at Class A Prince William in 1989, Johnson gave up a run to the Mariners in the sixth.
Last year, for the first time, McDonald's opened more restaurants overseas than in the United States: 427 abroad, compared with just 188 in the United States.
PSYCHOLOGISTS are using ingenious new methods to plumb the unconscious.
During the middle 10 days of December, light trucks, which include pickups, mini-vans and sport utility vehicles, sold at a seasonally adjusted annual rate of 5.3 million.
He was a newspaper production expert for the Newhouse group and the mechanical superintendent of The Long Island Press and The Long Island Star-Journal.
Are we awed by the head?
Full-year revenue rose 7.8 percent, to $34.97 billion from $32.45 billion.
It was, rather, the cold-blooded fulfillment of German national policy, and involved, for the policemen, a process of accommodation to orders that required them to do things they would never have dreamed they would ever do, and to justify their actions, or somehow reinterpret them, so that they would not see themselves as evil people.
If the large tile panels look like small bursts of color from afar, they are cascades close up.
When they proved disastrous, he persuaded the President to reverse course and left a relatively strong economy when he moved to Brussels in 1985.
Today one hears about noise pollution, but silence pollution is worse.
If history is any guide, Mr. Bush will go a long way toward narrowing this race over the next four days; the burst of national attention around a nominating convention almost always produces a significant "convention bounce" in the polls.
SEATTLE MARINERS -- Signed Lance Parrish, catcher.
Juanita Jackson Mitchell, a civil rights lawyer who was the matriarch of a family that became synonymous with civil rights in Maryland, died at her home here on Tuesday.
New York has the most addicts of any city in the nation, but although it is spending $326 million on drug treatment this year, mainly in Federal and state money, that amount provided treatment for only 39,000 of the city's estimated 600,000 addicts, Mr. Condliffe said.
It has been renovated, with new curtains, an enlarged stage and upgraded electrical equipment.
Many municipal police departments have created special patrols and task forces, and county and state police officers have set up checkpoints on highways and near interstate bridges and tunnels.
Our other demand is that the deal must be industrially sound."
For years, community leaders and elected officials in Washington Heights have advocated splitting in two the 34th Precinct, which covers the tip of Manhattan above West 155th Street.
The Intrepid itself is an undertaking.
"There won't be much time to sleep later on," he explained to his surprised wife.
On a day of testy partisan squabbling, Gov.
b-Included restructuring charges of $ 400,000 in the quarter and $ 443,000 in the 6 months.
To prevent further damage, the Republican hierarchy has signaled Patrick J. Buchanan that enough is enough.
Tim Geckeler will be starting at cornerback for the first time if the efforts of Marshall Roberts to run on a sore ankle fail this week.
He said the players have not gone over much of the game plan because he wants it fresh in their minds by Sunday's game.
"You can't take an athlete who's 13 or 14 and have them become a champion without pushing them," said Bob Kain, Chris Evert's agent at the International Management Group, who went to Florida two weeks ago to help the Capriati family sort out their priorities.
Then guided tours take visitors through seven structures, including a quaint country store (1840 to 1860), the tinsmith shop (1840-50), with demonstrations of the craft, and the Bennett House (circa 1849), home of a wealthy shipping merchant in the mid-1800's and now a gallery of dolls, toys and other childhold artifacts.
The new move on one-way rentals comes as the car rental industry ends a record-breaking summer, having received a free ride, so to speak, from the boom in business because of the airline fare war.
As for the Knicks, their next game is tomorrow night at Madison Square Garden against the Utah Jazz.
The story of Martin and Mireille has had several incarnations.
Allow to cool completely while you prepare the apples.
Wisconsin will travel a long, long way for one of its 1993 home football games: Japan.
The guests were also similar, with lots of three-generational families (free day camp and child care are provided), older couples and gung-ho golfers.
The speaker is Avraham Mani, who was born in 1799 in Salonika, then part of the Turkish Empire.
His mother, Joanne Wade, is a broker for and the manager of Gloria Nilson Realtors in Ocean Township, N.J. His father is the Mayor of Interlaken.
Now leading military companies like General Dynamics, Hughes Aircraft, Raytheon and General Electric are shrinking their operations in anticipation of permanently lower sales, and their actions will ripple through the economy as workers lose jobs.
"This class graduates at a remarkable time in history," Mr. Cheney said in a speech at the campus in Garden City, L.I.
I believe that the present health care system is very sick and I'm not willing to put a little Band-Aid on it.
He made a splash and soon stepped up to a $10 payday at a community college.
I am considering buying a co-op or condominium, primarily as a tax shelter for my income.
In the past we've had to do special things because we've been undermanned.
Most analysts agree that trade issues have become unusually sensitive because of the recession in the two countries over the last 18 months, as well as coming elections on both sides of the border.
"The feminist light clicked on in my mother when she read Betty Freidan," said Eleanor Wently, a 20-year-old student who recently heard Ms. Wolf speak at Mount Holyoke College in South Hadley, Mass.
But there may be no better time to focus on the inadequacy of Federal readiness -- while people are thinking about it.
Multiple car crashes at intersections also increase markedly with age because older drivers often do not react quickly enough to stop at red lights or stop signs, according to the Insurance Institute for Highway Safety, an industry-sponsored research group in Arlington, Va. "We see older people coming into here all the time," said Dr. Charles Hartness, an emergency room doctor at St. Vincent's Hospital in Portland, Ore. "Most of the time, the accident is not serious, but then you pull their record and find out they had an accident six months earlier and another one three months before that."
Harvard (1-1) lost for the third straight time in a matchup of the nation's two oldest universities.
"The existence of such discrimination is incontrovertible.'
The Sabres started with more enthusiasm and scored the first two goals in the game, with Ramsey getting a goal at 5:17 and then Patterson scoring his first at 10:55.
The most enchanting and unusual films here are from Disney's silent "Alice" series, in which a real little girl steps into a cartoon world.
A 36-year-old foster mother in the Bronx was charged yesterday with murder for beating her 6-year-old niece, immersing her in a tub of cold water and then taping her mouth shut, according to court records.
A Channel 2 cameraman, John Haygood, said that some protesters who yelled at him had used the word "nigger."
The collision occurred about 12 miles south of Port Dickson, a Malaysian port about 50 miles south of Kuala Lumpur, the capital.
This is the hard fat that butchers are glad to sell cheaply as they collect gobs of it when trimming meat for retail sale.
A FULL AGENDA FOR JUSTSYSTEM TOKYO Had they lived in Silicon Valley, Kazunori and Hatsuko Ukigawa might have set up shop in a garage.
Even the kitchen sink is idiosyncratic.
What made the Knicks' 10-minute collapse so surprising was that the injury-riddled Orlando team rattled New York with players that are not exactly all-stars -- such as Chris Corchiani, Sean Higgins, Anthony Bowie and Mark Acres.
But Representative Augustus F. Hawkins retired in 1991 at the age of 83; Representative Mervyn M. Dymally, 66, who has spent three decades in elective office, decided not to run for re-election this year, and several local officials have either stepped aside or died.
Beneath the suddenly roiling surface of politics, the country has been stressing two different approaches to welfare revision in recent years.
It told of an agency where workers and supervisors were partners in schemes that involved theft of appliances and building materials, kickbacks, loan-sharking by supervisors and a disregard for city regulations dealing with purchasing and construction standards.
Now Antoine is a shy, somber-looking man played by Jean Rochefort (who has perhaps fared better collaborating with Mr. Leconte on a couple of comedies in the past).
Competition from new drugs might lower the cost of Clozaril, which are $6,000 to $9,000 a year, depending on the dosage.
One shot just led to another, and people just started falling.
"That's a large and hungry market that is up 25 percent this year," said Harry A. McQuillen, president and chief executive of K-III Magazines.
That put him in a difficult position on the abortion issue.
's recording capability -- it already plays some audio -- is not a too-distant stretch.
The driver of the car, the younger woman's mother, had left the automobile to pick up a takeout order.
These mini-malls form a kind of no man's land, places to drive by, not walk through.
Especially the last two: seventh place in both 1988 and 1984.
It was centered five miles north-northwest of Big Bear, seismologists said.
But Voskuil nailed a 3-pointer to make it 68-63 and after one Bearcat free throw made it 68-64, Howard made a pair of foul shots to make it 70-64.
You should know that the American character displayed in those dungeons by those fine men was the thing of beauty.
Johnson & Johnson's annual ad budget, according to Advertising Age, was $653.7 million in 1990, the latest year for which figures are available.
"We cannot move forward on an aid package to Russia, nor advance steps to normalization with Vietnam without obtaining a complete report on President Yeltsin's statement," Senator John McCain, Republican of Arizona, said today.
has been the leading advocate for purchasing Soviet technology more than a year now.
GUY V. MOLINARI Staten Island Borough President Staten Island, Jan. 22, 1992
Senator Ernest F. Hollings of South Carolina.
The machinists union immediately began picketing CSX, a large freight railroad, but it appeared that the union was striking CSX alone as opposed to a nationwide action that might invite Congressional intervention.
Mr. Vissering became incapacitated and died, and his daughter succeeded him.
Miss Kelly, 23 years old, graduated from St. Joseph's University in Philadelphia.
One of the other nominations is Sonia Sotomayor, who was the choice of Senator Daniel Patrick Moynihan of New York.
Treasury securities fell in price as the market paid no attention to economic data that usually support prices.
Running back Blair Thomas, who had his best game of the season, 88 yards on 20 carries, has a strained groin muscle.
Bill Clinton and Senator Al Gore.
"All that we accomplished was to put another American out of work," said Forrest Scott, sales manager of Tamaroff Buick in suburban Detroit.
With the smoldering conflict between reformers and the old guard heading for a showdown, this could prove fatal, both to Gaidar and the free-market economic reforms with which he is so clearly identified.
So white wine, I said with a gasp of recognition, was the only European wine our Government could price out of the market with impunity!
Mr. Feiner conceded about his past political style.
We're becoming more conscious of what our people struggled through."
I hardly slept for weeks and kept going by eating compulsively and reading until exhaustion brought sleep.
"Two of them would take a dead body, hold it by the legs and arms, and throw it down into the canyon," Semir said.
"When they asked when we could start, we had to tell them not until Washington gives us the go-ahead," Mr. Carlson said.
Patterson, who is from nearby Highland, N.Y., began nailing Jacob with heavy-handed rights late in the opening round and put the champion down at the bell with another right that was followed by a left.
But it can be said that Mr. Wilder was the first black candidate who sought national office as a fiscal conservative.
Beginnings and endings in each section tell the emotional story with Mark Stanley's superb dramatic lighting closing in on the dancers, often to suggest a touch of anxiety, even the sinister.
Off Broadway "From the Mississippi Delta" by Dr. Endesha Ida Mae Holland at the Circle in the Square (downtown).
To make sure the students have basic skills, the program requires them to take noncredit seminars in such areas as mathematics, computer science and communications.
Facing a deficit of $50 million in its $980 million budget for the coming academic year, it has proposed a ceiling of $15 million in financial aid to students.
in Flushing, Queens, and at the Albee Square Mall in Brooklyn, Mr. Taylor said.
He grins at his own irreverence, and adds: "Some days, he's there.
For almost 13 minutes in the first half, Rutgers had the lead against the mighty Nittany Lions, a 3-0 advantage on John Benestad's 27-yard field goal.
In New York, New Jersey and Connecticut, the 1990 Census counted about 85,000 people of Balkan ancestry, adding together those who identify themselves as Yugoslav, Croat, Serb, Slovene, Bosnian and Herzegovinian.
for $2.5 billion in 1984.
Caterpillar's Losses But Caterpillar argues that its product mix and its large export business place it in a competitive position far different from Deere's.
Occasionally, bold ethnic patterns or just plain solid colors are seen.
The insidiously seductive airs and ensembles of Berte's score employ a cunning selection of Schubert tunes.
OLD SOLDIERS AND THEIR WAR About 50 members of Vietnam Veterans Against the War gathered in lower Manhattan yesterday to celebrate the 25th anniversary of the group that first tapped the anarchic energy of the war's bitter veterans and to discuss how to apply that energy now.
Mayor David N. Dinkins's proposal to build small shelters for the mentally ill in middle-class neighborhoods throughout the city is paralyzed by the opposition of residents who do not want the shelters near them.
An audience of 15,000 in the Miami Arena watched on a dozen video screens and roared its approval.
Her father is a clinical professor and executive vice chairman of the department of psychiatry at New York University Medical Center.
By early 1987, the continued decline of racing and the failed attempt at partial development caused the partnership to decide to sell or redevelop the entire parcel.
On Tuesday, J. CARTER BROWN, director of the National Gallery of Art, unveiled a fountain, a bronze sculpture of Venus, in the West Building of the museum.
The first woman, separated from the others, tugs at her tube and hastily tries to rub imaginary cream into her face and body.
Indeed, Fox is apparently so enchanted with the 20-year-old crowd that it also has a new comedy called "Down the Shore" (Sundays at 8:30 starting June 21), about weekends at the Jersey Shore.
"It is the first civil rights enforcement action based on H.I.V.
In this excessive, flamboyant, unabashedly sentimental novel, Dostoyevsky, Tolstoy, baseball and the American family are celebrated, and "K" is for strikeout.
Both teams use an up-tempo style.
This Court has already found that under the principles of Roe v. Wade the bulk of the Pennsylvania statute is unconstitutional.
The officers arrested the three suspects about a block away.
He also called on Mr. Bush to clarify his role in the Iran-contra affair and urged him to make public the testimony he gave to a panel investigating the scandal.
"They are afraid of this moment before the American troops come," Mr. Isaak said.
A4 RIGHTISTS TRIUMPH IN FRANCE Support for the right surged in France as the ruling Socialist Party took a drubbing in parliamentary and municipal by-elections.
"This is just a photo opportunity."
China had been considering expelling Ambassador Martin and downgrading relations to the charge d'affaires level in retaliation for the Mirage sale.
There will be rides and games, and, of course, a huge birthday cake.
The new edition replaces an early edition that had been produced in Los Angeles at 8 P.M., local time, and flown east the next morning.
The Iraqis never buy just one machine or build a single plant.
Also included are several examples from Meatyard's best-known series, "The Family Album of Lucybelle Crater."
The Council has five permanent members, all with veto power -- the United States, Britain, France, Russia and China.
" "The outrageousness didn't really hit me until after it was over," the detective said.
Nynex, based in New York, said operating expenses fell to $2.6 billion in the first quarter from $2.77 billion a year earlier.
Metzenbaum will be the chairman of a Senate Judiciary antitrust subcommittee meeting on baseball and said he would discuss Schott.
A sojourn in the south of France.
We are talking about a cap with a beak, or bill, which is the only kind of headwear any man of fashion would dream of using nowadays.
But spring doesn't come entirely by itself.
The Times and Imperial have offered to contribute about $1.5 million to the fund.
Unlike the Consumer Price Index, the producer indexes do not include services or imported goods.
"Jean-Luc Godard: Son et Image, 1974-1991" is a monthlong series of 30 films and videos beginning today at the Museum of Modern Art (information: 212-708-9480).
Strauss is a complex subject, for reasons both musical (he straddled Romanticism and modernism) and extra-musical (he remained in Germany and Austria during World War II, and accepted an official cultural position under the Nazis, but he had an uneasy relationship with the regime).
"You barely see anybody who wants to better themselves here."
Survivors' accounts, some of them given directly to Western reporters and others gathered by Save Humanity, an independent human rights group in Sarajevo, indicate that the victims are usually members of a single ethnic group, most often the Muslim Slavs.
The players who told of the exchange said Handley was persuaded to keep the veterans in the game.
Other officials said a representative of the International Committee of the Red Cross reported the disappearance today at the daily meeting of United Nations officials, officials of relief groups and United States military officers.
In some cases, the buildings have been deliberately stripped down for the first stage of restoration.
Harold Brooks-Baker, publishing director of Burke's Peerage, said the court has concluded that it does need a new image to halt its slip in popularity.
Sex offenders "are encouraged to replace their favorite fantasies with the noxious one, but they must be highly motivated," Dr. Prentky said.
Since January, about 10 such robberies have occurred in Washington Heights and Inwood, said Lieut.
South Dakota rejected a state income tax.
Like the CD, the videodisk is for playback only.
Mr. Gotimer said Cunard had not decided whether to sue the oceanographic agency, which is responsible for charting United States coastal waters.
Endophytic ryegrasses can also be mixed with Kentucky bluegrass, according to Cornell Cooperative Extension.
"Dances at a Gathering," his collection of sketches to piano music by Chopin, received an extroverted performance that emphasized the dancers' speed and energy and the choreography's high spirits.
Dr. Sundt died of bone marrow cancer, from which he had been suffering for the last seven years.
He received a bachelor's degree in 1977 and a doctorate in 1983, both in physics from York University in Downsview, Ontario.
There was hope in the dugout -- hope that this one would be a much-needed wide-open victory -- as the game rolled into the eighth inning with the Yanks up, 7-0.
The boundaries of body and skull remain, of course, and we can never help thinking of ourselves as the starring actors in the minor plays of our lives; yet a truly wise actor learns to savor with calm delight the displays of others on the stage.
Gordon Masten John Freeman .
"All they have been trying to do over the past six months, talking of administrative irregularities, illegalities and suspicions, is to throw a smokescreen over their true intentions," he said.
Mr. Cleary, who directed the Child Protective Services Division in the Social Services Department when the removal policy started, declined to discuss the subject.
Mary Eleanor McCombie, a daughter of Mr. and Mrs. Robert L. McCombie of Mount Lebanon, Pa., was married there Thursday to Harris Andrew Friedberg, the son of Dr. and Mrs.
To be sure, Blaine has a lot of plot on her plate in this adventure, which begins when a Texas cattle baron hires her firm to keep an animal rights group from disrupting the celebration of his company's posting on the New York Stock Exchange.
Jimmy believes he sees a "real and finished" Gloria who "casts a shadow" and has "the firmness of flesh."
But on the other hand, the agency discovered that many of the laborers who had not filed made so little money that they might qualify for the Earned Income Tax Credit, a cash grant for working families with low incomes.
It was from these rods, which were removed, that the North Koreans reprocessed a tiny amount of plutonium.
Chilean officials said they were hoping that Washington would agree to begin negotiating such a pact immediately, but American officials said they were worried that beginning negotiations with Chile could complicate the efforts to establish the North American Free Trade Agreement with Canada and Mexico.
It would be a horrendous disgrace in that proud and independent city.
Dr. Forkner died in his sleep.
A few tables away, Nile Williams added some finishing touches to his model of a home for an intergalactic alien.
Even when he was in a 1990 weight-loss contest against other N.F.L.
As the group watches kisses being wrapped in red and green foil for Christmas, someone grabs the actress's sleeve.
Although she says the nation needs a kind of Marshall Plan to rebuild a crippled economy and clean up a poisoned environment, Baskauskas says the national psyche needs to be healed first.
But this is what I do, who I am, and it feels so good to do it again."
They can be ordered from Williams-Sonoma by calling (800) 541-2233 and will be in Williams-Sonoma stores next week.
He keeps her statue on the piano beside a sliver of soap from Bette Davis's bathtub.
Luxembourg has expressed a willingness to accept more refugees, and Denmark said today that it would accept 1,000 in addition to the 1,600 already there.
Bill Clinton's draft record but said he did not want to attack his opponent over it.
The international community -- that's Germany, France, Britain, Russia and the U.S., under U.N. or regional auspices -- must put an intolerable cost on continued aggression.
In addition, without the fear of bidding too high, more institutions and bond funds might participate in the auction.
*Sept. 12 -- Mr. Abrams holds a news conference to demand that Ms. Ferraro release her Congressional papers, which a prosecutor in Queens had unsuccessfully sought to subpoena in 1987 during the bribery trial of her husband, Mr. Zaccaro, who was acquitted.
"In this economy, any job is a good job.
He graduated from Empire State College of the State University of New York and received a law degree from Fordham University, where he was an editor of The Law Review.
Judge Fogel's ruling would establish a precedent for the state that with 1.4 million students is the largest public education system in the country.
'There Were Some Incidents' "Our son was the first black in his school in 97 years," Mr. Washington said.
Mrs. Costanza said teachers at that school had opposed the teachers union's work-to-the-rule tactic; teachers in other schools had agreed to the work slowdown.
And two years later he proposed legislation exempting all professional sports from Federal antitrust laws.
Doctors Administer an Experimental Drug Byrd is being given what Hershman called an experimental drug, Sygen or GM-1 ganglioside, that doctors hope will help heal the spinal cord.
's around the world have licensed the Microsoft Windows operating system."
'Rigoletto' Amato Opera 319 Bowery (at Second Street) East Village Through Oct. 11 The Amato Opera strives to provide a sense of spontaneity and vitality that is often absent from mainstream opera stagings.
Lengths specified for softwood and hardwood lumber are actual dimensions.
Two runners from the Commonwealth of Independent States, Madina Biktagirova and Ramilia Burangulova, finished 1-2 in the women's competition, with both smashing the 2:29:38 course record set last year.
But one official, who spoke on condition of anonymity, said the police had information that Mr. Bannon had been aided by people associated with at least two organized-crime families, the Gambino and Colombo groups.
"Before I was concerned about not getting red during the first days," she said.
The attack was the worst religious violence in Egypt in more than a decade.
On the BMW transaction, he made a million dollars, selling 32 acres, his home and barn.
And when his name was mentioned as a Heisman Trophy candidate, his brother had a word for advice for Ismail.
In fact, the more fully we become acquainted with people -- in real life or in biography -- the more ultimately mysterious and unfathomable they may become.
Nearby, the Lord Jeff Inn, (413) 253-2576, overlooks the town common and Amherst College.
So in order to appear normal I became Swamp Dogg."
On the next play after Byrd's injury, the Jets' defensive unit appeared to be still thinking about him as Krieg collaborated with wide receiver Willie Davis on a 55-yard pass play that positioned the Chiefs' first touchdown and a 13-0 lead.
It said access to contraception had rapidly increased in the last few decades, giving women greater control over their lives.
The union had considered filing a grievance, but decided instead on the less confrontational letter.
William Esrey, chairman of United Telecom, acknowledged that U S Sprint's market-share growth had slowed, but said to focus on share was "too simplistic an approach."
But export demand came to the fore yesterday with the Agriculture Department's approval of subsidized sales of United States wheat to Jordan and Ukraine totaling more than 300,000 metric tons.
A14 TENSIONS RISE BETWEEN TRIBES Navajo Indians have been accused of interfering in a pilgrimage to one of the most sacred natural shrines of the Hopi.
Traditionally, production companies make up the shortfall by re-selling at least reasonably successful series on the syndication market.
YOUNG, WHITE, AND MISERABLE Growing Up Female in the Fifties.
George V. Voinovich of Ohio called on his colleagues to cooperate with the new President.
The contract would raise wages by 3 percent on Dec. 15, 1992, and on July 1, 1993 and by 4 percent on Oct. 1, 1994.
Atlanta Mayor Maynard Jackson said that in his first term in office in the early 1980's, about 65 percent of homicides were the result of domestic disputes.
" By June 1990, Iraq's behavior had become so worrisome that some in Congress began to call for economic sanctions.
In the trial that is expected to continue into next month, the players have argued that coaches and general managers can move with freedom.
Every nonprofit theater is seeking younger audiences, though it isn't easy to lure them.
His surprise arrival this morning raised speculation that he might be carrying a message from Syria that would give impetus to ongoing negotiations over how much of the Golan Heights Israel is prepared to return to the Syrians in return for what sort of guaranteed peace.
The procedure will be performed in Fort Lauderdale, Fla., by Dr. Dan Kanell, the team physician for the Miami Dolphins of the National Football League.
Two pairs of brothers, one from Italy and the other from Britain, won their semifinal heats in coxed pairs to set up an intriguing matchup in the finals.
Canon Moueix, Canon de Brem, La Dauphine, Haut-Laroque La Fleur Canon and La Riviere are names that turn up from time to time.
A. Brian Mulroney, the Conservative leader, insists he'll stay on.
The United States will have two sleds in the four-man competition.
And I can increase his ability to take a blow."
Diplomats said today's incident could delay the release of the final tally by three or four more days.
"He gave me a lot of insight," Mr. Clinton said.
"The managers' new authority is coming from their special skill in knowing how to run a company that can prosper without subsidies, and the workers know this," he said.
The United States' medal hope, A. J. Kitt, skied what he called a "mediocre" 1:51.98, finishing ninth and setting the tone for American performances this first full day of competition at the XVI Winter Olympics.
"It is like taking the money with which you can build three or four fine factories, and dumping it into the sewer," one executive was quoted as telling Aera magazine, a popular Japanese monthly.
Dr. Gallo has faced questions about his scientific claims ever since the paper was published in Science magazine in April 1984.
And nine lengths back in 11th place, struggling to escape traffic on the inside: Arazi.
Less welcome is the harsh political fact that pragmatists have trouble building constituencies, especially in this era of single-issue politics.
With the gifted designer Erich Wonder and Deborah Polaski -- Mr. Barenboim's athletic Brunnhilde at Bayreuth -- as the elegiac Feldmarschallin, it should be worth a winter journey to Frankfurt to see what she comes up with.
He punted for the Jets from 1988 to 1990.
A lawyer familiar with the commissioner's action concerning the suspension said Vincent did not suspend the pitcher for pleading guilty to the charge of attempting to possess one gram of cocaine, but suspended him because Howe violated baseball's drug policy.
Move the bookcase to the desired location and push it as close to the wall as possible.
A Statewide Problem City Councilman Ronald Rice, who is also a State Senator, said that for such proposals to become law, legislators must realize that automobile theft is a statewide problem.
He said from the start that Cincinnati would eventually make the Final Four.
Many well-established community-based organizations serving H.I.V.
Similarly, the 1947 "Monsieur Verdoux," starring Chaplin as a guiltless murderer who justifies his crimes by appealing to the even larger crimes of society, anticipates Allen's 1989 meditation on guilt, "Crimes and Misdemeanors," which in turn anticipated his response to the moral hand-wringing over his relationship with Mia Farrow's 21-year-old adopted daughter.
Analysts said spreadsheet growth was down from growth of 10 percent to 15 percent a year ago.
"We're not in a medals race with the Unified Team," Fortune said.
One senator absent for the vote has routinely voted for the death penalty.
"Sometimes, the question is asked: Why does the Pope always go back to Africa," the Pontiff said over the intercom to the 50 mostly Italian reporters accredited to his voyage as the airplane taxied to a halt at Ciampino Airport in Rome.
So it would be unfair, as you might be inclined to do at moments in this exasperating hour, to write 40 million people off as the kvetch generation.
Her father is a partner in Leeann Associates, a real-estate investment company in Pittsburgh.
But sociologically, Dr. Albrecht said, the shift in farm population patterns is significant.
Belarus is also considering setting up its own armed forces, and today the President of Kazakhstan, Nursultan A. Nazarbayev, issued a decree setting up republican guard units, a special military force subordinate to the President.
b-Included non-recurring pretax interest income of $ 73,000 on a federal income tax refund from fiscal 1987.
Before Mr. Kravchuk's announcement, Ukraine had already transferred more than half its tactical weapons to Russia for destruction in accordance with treaties with the United States, and in keeping with Ukraine's stated intention of ridding its territory of all nuclear weapons by 1994.
The trade group, the Association for Manufacturing Technology, based in McLean, Va., calculated June's orders at $208.6 million, 20.6 percent above the June 1991 figures.
Mr. Abrams's campaign manager, John Burke, said it was outrageous that the Senator was trying to align himself with Mr. Clinton.
Federal scientists say the new danger arises because the nation is short of weather satellites equipped with instruments known as sounders.
A more fundamental question is whether he will try to block what many consider an unstoppable conservative victory in 1993 by changing the electoral law and introducing proportional representation.
A small monitoring screen at the judge's bench displays proceedings as they unfold, and a larger screen is available for playbacks for the jury.
While others were lampooning Richard M. Nixon, he was wearing a Spiro Agnew sweatshirt around campus "just to shock people."
He is also the world's defending match race champion, having won three of the last four world competitions.
When Mr. Libin worked at Circle in the Square, he even refunded tickets for customers who thought they were buying them for "Fiddler on the Roof," which was playing next door.
Pittsburgh stars Mario Lemieux and Joe Mullen were both injured in the first period on brutal plays by Adam Graves and King.
It was time, she decided, to go into business for herself.
The discoverer of the antihormone RU-486 lucidly explains the discovery and its workings, his views on social responsibility, and the political barriers, here and elsewhere, the drug has run into.
He resigned last month after a routine campaign audit found he had written $158,000 in fraudulent checks to himself.
The United Nations data show that the increased fat in the French diet is coming from meat, dairy products, eggs and table spreads, all high in saturated fat or cholesterol or both.
Videotapes of the speech, thousands of which have been circulated around the country by homosexual groups, are a major reason Clinton has become so popular in the homosexual community.
The character is based on a Huey Long-like governor, not on Long's later years as a senator.
"It's not a very big threat, but on the margin it's significant," the City Environmental Protection Commissioner, Albert F. Appleton, said.
Stewart closed Foreman's early lead on the judges' scorecards by winning the sixth and seventh rounds.
The most active stocks on both the Big Board and Nasdaq involved companies that released earnings results.
The most unkindest cut for those of us in the information-mediating dodge comes from Daniel Patrick Moynihan of New York, who is chairman of a Senate subcommittee that is responsible for "Water Resources, Transportation and Infrastructure."
The first segment of this series of half-hour presentations explores the cooking of Thailand, with a colorful tour of regions where ingredients originate.
And amid great hoopla, much of the industry assembled at a conference in Reston, Va., to promote the imminent arrival of nationwide digital service and the nifty new products it makes possible.
If a horse isn't nominated for the Breeders' Cup at birth, he can enter the races only by paying 12 percent or more of the purse, depending on the race.
At the trial, Mr. Gaffey challenged the woman's account, arguing the exchange of phone numbers and her agreeing to have sex with Mr. Vargas a day later raised questions about her credibility.
The allegations clearly involved a violation of Federal criminal law.
But on Monday, Selig did not deny that an effort to restructure the commissioner's powers had taken place and added, "it is on-going."
Each state had to pass legislation and set up the means to test drivers or face a loss of 1o percent of its Federal highway funds.
Traditional assumptions, organizations and practices have to be challenged -- some of them have to be abandoned.
It is the first big challenge by a player to Maloney, who is in his first season as a general manager.
"We are 100 percent riesling," Patrick said, "and never anything else."
Help With DOS 5 The other day I placed a copy of "Peter Norton's Advanced DOS 5" (Brady; $29.95) on the counter of the delicatessen across the street from the office while I paid for a cup of coffee ("black, no sugar").
Helfand, a 23-year-old catcher, was the player the Athletics wanted the Marlins to draft.
The 2,760-square-foot houses, with 920 square feet on each of three levels, are described as two and a half stories because the lowest level is a basement, half below street level.
That was bad enough political symbolism, but there was much more.
And for nearly 40 blocks he was heckled and, at one point, showered with beer.
Canice Connors, a Franciscan priest and psychologist who is president of St. Luke, said that before the 1980's church people usually viewed sexual offenses against minors as isolated moral lapses calling for prayer, "a motivational talk" and greater willpower.
The main target: Levi Strauss & Company, which holds 49 percent of the jeans market.
"I wish he lived to see the finished product."
"We weren't a commune," Mr. Ackerman said.
In fact, they've not been given much of a chance to carry their dreams of first place much past the shaking-out processes of early spring.
Garth Brooks, the country singer, sold more albums last year than any other musician in any category.
"That is pretty much baked in."
Matt Damon Chris Reece .
With the oblique gestures of expert shadow boxers, the main players in Russia's latest political drama have been showing a new willingness this week to lower the stakes in a fight that has not only pitted reformers against Mr. Yeltsin's opponents, but also threatened a power deadlock between the Government and the legislature.
Mr. Aylwin has walked a careful path, but relations with the armed forces are tense.
Kathryn Gamberoni as Rosina sang with a soprano that can penetrate this big house at climaxes but seems to lack the underlying resonance that creates command and presence at quieter levels.
One day in Seville, Spain, the Croats visited the Yugoslav exhibit at the city's world's fair.
The judge hearing a separate redistricting lawsuit in State Supreme Court in Brooklyn has ordered a three-member panel to draw up its own plan, and the Legislature continues to try to reach agreement on its own plan.
In "Shutter," Peter Zummo, the art-rock composer, played a teasing, witty trombone solo against a taped background.
For best results in styling black women's hair, the iron, along with higher heat, should have variable-temperature heat controls (most standard models don't), since different types of hair need different settings.
Mark Lemke did the same, nearly knocking the cap off Jackson with his shot over the mound.
The companies affected are Green Bus Lines Inc., Jamaica Buses Inc., Queens Surface Corporation, Triboro Coach Corporation and Command Bus Transit.
Among the delayed issues was a $666 million offering of revenue bonds by the Metropolitan Transportation Authority of New York.
Few may have much to be thankful for.
Now, he said, "There were so many people at the center pushing me, they gave me the desire to go on."
They must prove that the project is harmful according to state specifications.
If, as Olga claims, Baron Tuzenbach is so homely that she burst into tears when she first saw him, is Mark Nelson really the right actor to portray him?
Investigation Continues Under the terms of her agreement, Miss Fisher would become eligible for work release after three years and would cooperate in any other investigations connected to the shooting of Mary Jo Buttafuoco.
"Who's going to win out?"
"We're very pleased to say the least," said the Speaker of the newly expanded Council, Peter F. Vallone, who has jousted with the Mayor on issues large and small for months.
But a much higher growth rate has resulted from calls by the senior leader, Deng Xiaoping, early in the year for bolder economic reforms.
All they had to do was figure out how to make a living.
Off camera, von Sternberg's voice can be heard telling her, in German, "Go slowly, take your time."
One, Peter Samton, said that land costs for it are too high, that it does not work in irregular suburban districts and that the great height of classrooms makes construction expensive.
The original count against Howe, filed by the Federal Drug Enforcement Administration Dec. 19, charged Howe only with possession of cocaine.
Unlike past complaints, however, parents in other districts and some reform groups now say the issue is money and contend that it is needed elsewhere in a troubled system.
The cable law bars a telephone company from investing directly or indirectly in an affiliate that provides television programming.
It cements in their mind that Spike Lee is a racist and hates white people which is bull."
Five plays later, McDuffie ran an out pattern to the right sideline.
Statehood is the way to provide it.
On Friday, the Giants gave tryouts to two free agents -- cornerback MIKE MAYES and safety MARK ROBINSON.
Some of her supporters believe she will go far politically, and that she deserves success more than any other black leader on the political scene.
Mr. Wurzelbacher was senior vice president in charge of American Continental's real estate projects.
As part of the monthlong "Passports to Off-Broadway" program, some tickets will cost just $5.
Much of their activity involves get-rich-quick schemes that include small-time jewel robberies, frauds and what prosecutors called one of the largest insurance swindles in American history, a $1 billion fraud case in Los Angeles.
He is an executive of the Eastman Kodak Company, not the Xerox Corporation.
During this period, Mr. Burd's assignments included asset sales, organizational restructuring, incentive compensation and profit improvement projects.
She would not give her full name for fear that her comments would ruin her chance of getting into a shelter.
Bond Act The Legislature must give its approval to an $800 million job development bond act, proposed by Mr. Cuomo, for the proposal to be placed on November's general election ballot.
"Also, the design of the place, the dynamics of a particular evening and the particular personalities have to be factored in."
Meanwhile, slice the cooled chorizo into rounds a half-inch thick.
Ms. Browner is not only a former aide to Mr. Gore, but unsuccessfully lobbied for legislation that would have blocked any new incinerators in Florida.
The state's long-term goal, in the words of Richard C. Hsia, Deputy Superintendent of Insurance, is to see that policies are not overpriced or unreasonably restricted.
Unfortunately, this does not last.
TRANSPORTATION: Transit Authority buses and subways on Sunday schedules; L.I.R.R.
A group of nearby residents sued to block the project.
"Then you just go out to the corner and get youself another one."
Anthony, who played 24 minutes in Game 1 (10 points, 2 assists) has been a crucial contributor at point guard, spelling Mark Jackson, who is still bothered by a bruised left hip.
Reservations must be made 14 days ahead.
In the vision scene, Gabrielle Brown was a stately dryad and Paloma Herrera was playful as Amour.
Mara said he was not thinking about the verdict in terms of winning or losing.
Among the nearly 600 objects in the collection are lighting fixtures, tableware, clothing, accessories, furniture, radios and hi-fi's, books and magazines.
The indictment says the letters were actually written by Unisys employees and copied onto the Senator's stationery.
Given the volatility of politics in the post-Soviet commonwealth, if we miss the opportunity to bring these forces down quickly because of a cold-war logic, it would be a historic blunder."
The publisher and the author ultimately parted amicably, and Mr. Villasenor went to Arte Publico and persuaded Mr. Kanellos to publish "Rain of Gold" as its first hard cover.
"It seems so simple, once you think about it," he said.
The merger was approved by the commission in October after both companies agreed to substantial changes in their agreement.
Virus Is Not Reportable There were numerous rumors this year of H.I.V.-positive students in various Long Island high schools.
Ms. Brown met with some editors at The New Yorker and assured them that "she would not be adding photos or changing the magazine in the ways we had feared," said one person who attended the meeting.
The black-and-white cinematography of "The Ear" is unusually expressive, velvety when the film is in a party mood and subsequently much more edgy and stark.
could threaten the nation's health.
Bill Clinton in most of the Super Tuesday contests, Paul E. Tsongas flew to the Midwest yesterday and began pummeling him on questions of character that refuse to subside.
The wrinkle is that any job filled this summer would have to be ratified next January by the full legislature.
He is also inclined to lose his mind for a few seconds here and there.
He spent his entire college coaching career at Butler, where he was also athletic director for almost 40 years.
Cast members Ed Dixon, Lydia Ooghe and others will perform Mel Mandel and Stan Applebaum's new musical, "Bright Lights."
Women in the 40's had good posture."
A Leaner Company All that's really left as an immediate strategy, then, is to cut costs, to create a leaner, smaller company.
Like Miata and Capri, too, the del Sol turns heads and puts a grin on your face.
Seattle Mariners What can they do for an encore, now that they finally had a winning season?
"With equal right," as Joseph Brodsky, his friend and fellow Nobel laureate, has noted, "Walcott could have said that he has in him Greek, Latin, Italian, German, Spanish, Russian, French: because of Homer, Lucretius, Ovid, Dante, Rilke, Machado, Lorca, Neruda, Akhmatova, Mandelstam, Pasternak, Baudelaire, Valery, Apollinaire."
The Senate post office, with its own employees, operates independently of the House post office, and there is no indication that the Senate post office operates under the kind of loose management that has come under fire in the House.
Jose Diaz, a letter carrier who has lived next door for 17 years, said, "They were both very good people.
The North Koreans, who in April bent to U.S. and Japanese pressure to let the inspectors in, have told incredible stories about their nuclear past.
One girl yelled, "See you in a million years!"
Preserving an Antique Look Besides household hardware, Spectronics Electroplating Corporation, a five-year-old company also in Williamsburg, polishes and plates jewelry, flatware, brass beds and church pieces like chalices and tabernacles.
What happened here on Alan Street also happened in nearby Montclair, and over in Glen Ridge and in other parts of West Orange.
Apple Computer is poised for aggressive entry into the market for inexpensive home computers, hoping to tempt first-time computer buyers before they commit themselves to cheap I.B.M.
Gradual progress was made on some issues, like textiles and oil shipments, this morning.
Pat Robertson, by Patrick J. Buchanan, the conservative columnist, and by others in the 1992 primary campaign and at the party's national convention in Houston, and many Republicans said later that they felt they were being read out of the party.
Where to go for cycling, page 16.
The oak-paneled tearoom has the staunch presence of an old corporate boardroom, and the assistant manager said that teas were replacing lunches and definitely replacing cocktails.
And he wanted to know why a worker was being so stingy with the honey she brought him as a special treat.
Remove leaves from stems of mint and basil.
"There was a portrait of the senator," said Andrew Wolf, who wrote about the discovery of some of the models' identities for the paper's NYConfidential column.
Even after all the documents are made public, many analysts said, there will still be people who believe there has been a Government coverup.
Last year, she said, the center in Englewood provided three-day emergency food packages to more than 14,000 people in Bergen and Passaic Counties.
If only that gun wasn't available.
The United Methodist Church, the nation's third largest religious group, turned back an attempt today to cut its ties with the Religious Coalition for Abortion Rights, a major advocacy group for abortion rights.
I don't see us in competition."
Col. Bob Thompson of the Army, chief liaison to the Belgian forces, said the initial images of marines taking their time unloading in each new town prompted senior commanders to press for immediate, if not symbolic, food escorts in places like Baidoa, where displaced Somalis are concentrated.
The Department said 1990 data was not available in time for the 1992-93 distribution of Chapter 1 money.
KEEP IN MIND "JOB: A CIRCUS," a new Elizabeth Swados work based on the story of Job in the Old Testament, set under a big top.
"Now it's a very serious business," he said.
The league presidents, Bill White and Bobby Brown, are former players who seem reluctant to come down hard on players for such transgressions.
One Hispanic voting rights advocate, Armando Montano Jr., demanded that Mr. Solarz, who is Jewish, quit because Jews "can't have everything," a remark from which Mr. Montano's colleagues disassociated themselves.
Connors misfired his way through the first set, regrouped in the second, but stopped scaring an intermittently smiley Herrera altogether in the third.
It is co-sponsored by the Big and Tall Men Shops and the National Football League Alumni Association.
The hottest one now is Sultry Song, who didn't win until late June but then corked off the Hollywood Gold Cup, the Whitney and the Woodward last Saturday.
You may as well have never left the darkness."
More expensive, but able to protect inaccesible pipes, including underground supply piping from a well, is heating cable that lies inside pipes.
Now Mr. Clinton is about to choose a running mate, at a time when the activist wing of his party is superheated on the issue of abortion.
One of Mrs. Mandela's other co-defendants, Katiza Cebukhulu, vanished before the trial and later resurfaced in Zambia to say that he had been abducted by congress supporters.
Its ad pages in 1992's first 10 months were down 18.8 percent, compared with an 8.3 percent increase for Esquire and 0.3 percent for Penthouse.
At the boat's stroke position, Giuseppe pulled as hard and smoothly as he could, wondering whether the finish line would ever arrive.
*3*** COMPANY REPORTS ** View Full Article in Timesmachine »
The United States had sponsored the doctor's abduction across the border.
The Chicago delegates, all chosen by Mayor Daley, were added four years after the committee was organized at the urging of Mr. Daley and Mr. Skinner, a former Chicagoan who was then Secretary of Transportation.
Choosing the security of their traditional isolation and neutrality over the risks and opportunities offered by Europe, Swiss voters today vetoed a Government-backed plan for Switzerland to move toward economic integration with the European Community.
's chairman of the TV negotiations committee and chairman of the commission on marketing and chairman of the committee that works with the Atlanta organizers of the 1996 Summer Games.
Democracy and good government must be restored in Kenya."
He relied as much on the legacy of Ronald Reagan as on the policies of Mr. Bush to make the case for Jewish support of the Republican Party.
It now appears that a U.S. role, catalytic role, is important, and thus we are moving forward.
The Conservatives have been outspent by referendum supporters and so are relying on rallies, door-to-do canvassing and campaign fliers.
Right there, below their apartment-house driveway, they discovered a gusher, and not because they hit a city water main: They had to go down 800 feet, below the underground parking garage and the mystifying ganglia of the city's infrastructure, at a cost of $15 a foot before the payoff.
If the cambium is damaged it affects the transport system that brings water and nutrients from the soil to the leaves, and sugars down from the leaves into the roots.
But most often she spoke in her own voice of her own views.
He lives in Port Chester and works as a busboy in a restaurant but said he wants to pursue a career in electronic engineering, a field he studied in Colombia.
With the winds variable, the flight was scheduled to be brief, just over a few streets and meadows.
Meriting Oscar Nominations Mr. Gardenia's film career began inauspiciously with a small part in "Cop Hater" (1958), but over the years he became a reliable and welcome presence on screen.
Visitors move from the Palladian architecture of Burlington House into a glass-roofed space whose walls are the ornate exterior facades of the two older sections of the academy -- facades that, until now, could barely be glimpsed.
Mr. Corn, 62 years old, said he would retire by October 1993 and that Mr. Conrad, the president and chief operating officer, would immediately begin overseeing the company's two lubricant-related subsidiaries, the Quaker State Oil Refining Corporation and Quaker State Minit-Lube Inc. Mr. Conrad, 46, already manages the Heritage Insurance Group, the Truck-Lite Company, the Valley Camp Coal Compan and Quaker State's exploration and production division.
She graduated from Yale University.
The report also noted that the American share of the global market for high-technology goods had fallen from 40 percent in 1980 to 37 percent in 1988.
Action: Gotti on Trial On the first day of his racketeering trial in Brooklyn, John Gotti, the reputed crime family boss, drew fans and the theatrics of movies.
70 Million Shares to Be Issued Caremark will begin life as a public company with about 70 million shares outstanding, with one share issued to Baxter stockholders for each four shares they own in Baxter.
The incident was the second this week where violence accompanied a concert.
Moreover, the board was facing an empty superintendent's chair.
Levy, Alone None of the Arab ministers, save for Egypt, applauded Mr. Levy's speech, or spoke with him.
Three teams -- Pittsburgh, Vancouver and Detroit -- overcame deficits of three games to one.
For the last few months, Renault had been seeking to limit its exposure in the money-losing subsidiary, which is in need of fresh funds for investments.
"There is no better way than the playoffs to show them what you can do," Cone said.
"Goodenow has prepared five lesson plans," Walter said.
All along the swath Hurricane Andrew cut through southern Louisiana, people are doing their own arithmetic.
In succeeding months, Mr. Bush subtly shifted his stance, appearing to walk a tightrope between loyalty and independence, saying that his support for the policy had not stopped him from voicing "reservations" about "certain aspects" of the Iran initiative that he did not explain.
After the streets of Guadalajara exploded, so did the criticism.
But considering that the old gray political convention ain't what it used to be, it's hard to fault the networks.
Scooters ($29 a day) and bicycles ($13 a day) can be rented at Dingo Passion, Grand Bourg (97.76.58).
The Queen Mother is dedicating the statue in her capacity as patron of the Royal Air Force, but that role is not supposed to expose her to political criticism.
He is a great friend of Israel.'
Swiss Volksbank is in talks to sell its 13 percent stake in Berlitz International Inc., which it acquired after the collapse of the publishing empire of the late Robert Maxwell, a Swiss Volksbank spokesman said today.
The Yankees have not had an ace pitcher since Gator Guidry went down.
Analysts and investment bankers have been expecting a surge ever since the Federal Reserve Board cut its discount rate by a full percentage point, to 3 1/2 percent, and lowered its target on the overnight Federal funds rate by half a point, to 4 percent.
The British organization was revamped.
And they will be considerably more charitable.
Randolph, a Yankee from 1976 to 1988, vividly recalled a dissatisfied George Steinbrenner, the now-deposed principal owner, shipping out players who failed in the big game.
"Monroe has this vision of lawyer as prophet.
But still, some of Japan's most successful software entrepreneurs publish magazines about software and distribute products made by others rather than develop software.
Leaders of Jewish groups said it could revive cooperation between African-Americans and American Jews.
It was then an easy matter to draw trumps and claim the slam, for dummy's diamonds would take care of all the losers in the closed hand.
Under the new A.T.& T. Credit arrangement, Mr. Smith said, lenders would impose discipline on the company by watching its performance.
Hollywood, which takes itself and its politics very seriously, is fervently embracing the Democratic ticket of Gov.
The police fear that the two blasts, the most powerful ever set off by the I.R.A.
Truck Traffic Drops Foreign journalists who visited the main Jordan-Iraq border crossing at El Ruweished on Monday were told by the customs director, Aziz Bsoul, that the number of trucks going into Jordan has fallen from about 400 a day in June to 200 a day in July and was only 42 on Sunday and 30 the day before.
A prescribed antihistamine has been found to cause cardiovascular problems in patients who took more than the recommended dosage, the Food and Drug Administration warned today.
's top chess computer, Black should recover the pawn with 19 .
The company's annual report has in the past praised Wells Fargo's management, its high net interest margins and good cost controls.
Other subjects, like the draft, are fair game.
For every book donated by either a consumer or a publishing house, Barnes & Nobles will donate a book.
"You take a look at the weapons they have, the size and the depth.
In Rome, foreign and defense ministers of the Western European Union, enlarged today to 10 members with the accession of Greece to the organization, announced that they committed aircraft and naval vessels to insure "strict implementation of the embargo at sea."
"I'm an optimistic person by nature, and I felt if I was given the chance, I was capable of learning a lot.
"We have to move people up and out of public housing," Timothy S. Carey, a Republican county legislator and chairman of the community affairs and housing committee, said recently in response to the Attorney General's opinion.
Baseball Southern League CHATTANOOGA LOOKOUTS -- Named Pat Kelly manager.
b-Included a credit of about $ 13.7 million in the latest year and $ 8 million in 1990 from the amortization of the apparent excess of the recorded liability for unredeemed trading stamps at Dec. 31, 1990, over the amount that ultimately will be required to redeem trading stamps outstanding at that date.PHLCorp said it has discontinued its development of an electronic database marketing program.
Family Court officials declined to identify the children.
A lot of people have to confront things like that every day.
The case is on appeal.
The proposed change would allow nude recreational activity where appropriate while continuing to ban lewd and disorderly conduct.
He also admitted BMW, which had sales of $18.2 billion last year, more than half from exports, needed more capacity.
All this rings true, and it may be how the players keep from thinking about how odoriferous the team is.
His father, now retired, was a coordinator of tourist information and visits at Temple Emanu-El in New York.
Last year, the New York State Legislature extended the time to register for a primary election.
Dell introduced its most powerful systems to date, with impressive new technologies, traditionally Compaq's domain.
They did not receive an answer.
The fees were turned over to charities.
In one sensational weekend at Belmont Park, he won the Riva Ridge Stakes aboard Fly So Free, then came back and won the Belmont Stakes on Hansel in a furious stretch duel with Strike the Gold.
The dollar fell 20 percent against its 1987 value.
Pat Robertson's entertainment company, planning to expand its Family Channel TV network into Britain, has bought the London company that owns MTM Productions, maker of "The Mary Tyler Moore Show" and "Hill Street Blues."
The executive director of the commission, Neil Peterson, likened this to the so called GOCO, or government-owned, contractor-operated, system used by the Federal Government for the manufacture of jet fighters and other military equipment.
But when Mr. Pawley tried to contribute his experience to the plan for how production machinery should be arranged, "it was clear that the system had been decided ahead of time, right down to the chalk lines on the floor."
There's yet to be a primary that's not connected to a state that a candidate lives in."
The Retired Americans lobby was a for-profit company he formed in 1990.
"Mom and Dad Save the World" is rated PG (Parental guidance suggested).
The Navy's new get-tough policy has been spurred by several highly publicized incidents.
I've been teaching soccer to the kids at the parks department as sort of my day gig.
The U.N. pulled out of Bosnia and now ponders withdrawing from the rest of Yugoslavia.
Outside on the stoop, you watch as a commuter train rattles northward to the suburbs.
They have an air force.
If Mr. Connors does break the impasse with an 11th-hour vote, Assembly Speaker Garabed (Chuck) Haytaian would likely call for the Assembly vote sometime early Wednesday morning.
Triax 2000 combines polycarbonate, the same clear plastic used to make compact disks and sunglass lenses, with ABS, a hard, glossy plastic often used to line refrigerators.
If his analysis is correct, it implies that the universe will go on expanding forever, finally cooling itself to extinction.
Yes, the designers came from Miami and San Francisco, Minneapolis, Dallas and Boston.
Saturday was a busy day for book browsers, he said.
Although physicists were among the first researchers to use global networks, other scientists are quickly catching up.
For him, a second-generation New York Jew, this commanding woman from the Midwest must have seemed an intensely American type.
During his years as a reporter and columnist for The New York American , Runyon created characters including Nicely-Nicely Johnson, Nathan Detroit, Apple Annie, Dave the Dude and the Lemon Drop Kid.
Miss Feyh hadn't named the iguana yet.
had proved insufficient to maintain law and order in the face of a campaign of terrorism waged by highly organized Jewish forces."
Dr. Lee said that after spending weeks trying to dispel a constant barrage of rumors, he believes they result from dirty political tricks.
And what do the children have to say?
Good investment or not, the state is now trying to decide how to cut $1 billion out of its Medicaid and welfare programs because of budget problems.
He does it as a favor to his former employees and is listed on the program as "Jell-O Consultant."
2 hitter for the Braves, Sanders is in the thick of a historic World Series -- the first to be partly played outside the United States.
He is also enjoying a resurgence as a product spokesman.
And it creates an opportunity to write a new and more buoyant chapter in the life of this troubled district.
Reardon, reaching back for extra, fired a fastball designed to be up in the zone, its intent to try and provoke a mistake swing.
He was born in Woods County, Okla., and grew up in Amarillo, Tex.
Leak 3: A Wall Street Journal piece broadening beyond China charges of unauthorized Israeli sales of arms and technology.
7 ranking in the world, needed only 75 minutes for his victory.
The men's volleyball team won.
Now, substitute shopping for football, and it's easy to see why men hate to dress.
The answer to that question can be found in an unusual Montreal condominium -- Tropics North, completed in 1989.
delegates just didn't get a good look at Toronto.
The Government said the hangings of the three young men would show its determination to rid the capital of murder, extortion, robbery and other crimes that have become commonplace since the rebels took power.
But they also say that the data reflecting slow economic growth and low inflation is still basically good.
Mr. Clinton would also no doubt use his Presidential pulpit to tell how his huge public investment program will build a more prosperous America.
The field of "expertizing," as it is called, seems particularly murky, even intimidating, to the casual hobbyist.
It is not legally binding.
In the two weeks since then, they have been interviewed on network shows, stopped in their grocery stores and invited to speak at campaign rallies.
The project, still under study, has so far succeeded mainly in alienating environmentalists.
"It helps me know that no matter how difficult problems are, not to give up.
The last thing we want to do is to push anyone beyond their limit, into bankruptcy."
The buyer, Alcatel Alsthom S.A., the big French telecommunications and transport conglomerate, already owns 70 percent of Alcatel N.V. "It's good for both companies," said Neil Barton, who follows the company at Merrill Lynch.
Tears streamed down her face, as rain fell in sheets around her car.
"People have been disappointed in the colors that the fabric houses turn out," Hammond says.
It sparked a column on forgetting, but a thank-you note to Mr. Gordon was inadequate.
The First Boston Corporation acted as lead manager for the underwriting.
Now Mr. Zaleski proposes a plan that lacks conviction.
Boitano, who is expected to premiere his Olympic routine at the Professional Figure Skating Championships next month in Landover, Md., was not in Hershey.
It is also rooted in the way architecture is perceived, taught and written about.
The outlines of islands emerged from the dark.
"That was about a 6 or 7 out of 10 on the difficulty scale," Mr. McConkey said some 20 takes later.
Mr. Papandreou called it a political vendetta, refused to testify in court, and boycotted his trial.
The gain last month followed a half-point increase during September.
Today, this place of Buddhist reverence and meditation is rent by sectarian conflict.
Trying to hold on to the gambit pawn with 13 .
"The result of the voting was not a surprise to us.
It has a mind of its own, which is all to the good.
"Now, prodded by Democrats in Congress, rebuked by Richard Nixon and realizing that I have been raising this issue in the campaign since December, the President is finally, even now as we meet here, putting forward a plan of assistance.
This weekend, a special United Nations envoy, James Jonah, is to visit Israel and perhaps also the Palestinian camp to assess the situation.
"Now does that make sense or does that make sense?"
Since the union's contract expired last year, the Yankees have sought to eliminate several of the positions, leading Garrett to accuse the club of attempting to break the union.
The dollar settled mostly lower yesterday in moderate trading on world currency markets.
They are insensitive, ignorant and unaware of the harm in expelling qualified people on the basis of their sexual orientation."
"I have seen people beg and cry for a 2199."
How the Poll Was Conducted The latest New York Times/CBS News Poll is based on telephone interviews conducted Thursday evening with 656 adults around the United States, exclud ing Alaska and Hawaii, of whom 500 said they were registered voters.
Levels of lead reaching 500 parts per million were collected by officials of the State Department of Environmental Conservation in soil samples at the site.
These wines may, in fact, be similar to the Bordeaux of the past.
But where he might have used the transformation in U.S.-Russian relations to define the foreign policy needs of a new era, Mr. Bush turned his gaze toward the past.
"I think you're going to see more and more shows going in the summer," Mr. Poltrack said, "as long as we can find a way to make the economics work."
The bride, 37 years old, has a master's degree in piano performance from the Manhattan School of Music.
The attitude of the West toward Russia's possible actions against the newly independent non-Russian former Soviet republics in response to the alleged mistreatment of ethnic Russian minorities may well determine whether or not there will be peace in Eurasia.
The last woman to achieve such a sweep was Graf in 1988; the last man was Rod Laver in 1969.
"The Communist Parties are coming back because the population is reconsidering what was wrong and what was not wrong with the Communist regime, like full employment and no inflation," Pavel Campeanu, a poll taker, said.
We missed a lot of cultural phenomena in the nearly four years we lived in Moscow.
The other day, in a discussion of Young's performance, Steve Hirdt, a recognized expert on baseball statistics, applauded the committee, saying he admired its willingness to emerge with a narrow definition of a no-hitter.
"But if it leads us in another direction, then we will look for that person."
Scott Rosenberg started collecting comic books when he was 10 years old, and he was soon hooked.
Prof. Gary Orren of Harvard's John F. Kennedy School thinks the press in part simply reflects the public's current cynicism about politics and politicians.
O-O 6 e3 h6 7 Bh4 Ne4, which brings about simplification, or the Tartakover Defense, which branches off with 7 .
There are no other county or private facilities that can or will absorb the thousands of women served by N.C.M.C.'s.
Dr. Schneier, also 34, is an assistant professor of clinical psychiatry at Columbia University.
Two other trends he tried to keep up with were people's concern for their health and their taste, so to speak, for adventure.
Carole Simpson, the ABC News correspondent who moderated Thursday night's far more temperate "Donahue"-style debate, had never performed that role on television.
He added that 40 percent of those babies were first-borns, "who generally get spoiled rotten."
Then came public relations work for Hearns and the Kronk Gym in Detroit, her home city.
Although each of these gardens presents a very personal vision, they are united in making a more general statement: "The plant comes first; design follows," as Nancy Goodwin puts it.
This is the sacred cow of what passes for economic debate in our society, and its utterance instantly silences all policy critics of every stripe.
Seated in the dining room of the Hay-Adams Hotel in Washington after a hard day of heated arguments at a meeting of the Commission of Fine Arts -- a panel that rules on the commissioning and placement of public art in the capital -- she flips open a photo album of a 1990 expedition to Hawaii.
Still, as a director, he appears receptive to suggestions.
Over time, this system of predicting risks became the foundation for a wide variety of health, environmental and safety regulations.
The effect would be to allow some of the pollutants to evaporate before they could be analyzed.
President-elect Bill Clinton is prepared to name Zoe Baird, senior vice president and general counsel for Aetna Life and Casualty in Hartford as Attorney General, transition officials confirmed tonight.
Listed below are the scheduled release dates for major economic indicators this week.
While much of the improvement was attributed to cooler weather, agency officials contended that new pollution controls on automobiles and cleaner gasoline had helped.
True, "Underdog" never took a dime of Federal funds, but something about his name sounds vaguely Democratic.
He said the Government was draining areas of these marshlands in order to deprive the Shiites of their distinctive, 3,000-year old culture.
This serves to complicate South's life, since he has been deprived of a useful entry.
The second is to project Mr. Clinton as a potential President with a series of high-profile policy speeches, including the economics message he delivered last week in Philadelphia and an environmental address scheduled for today.
Mr. George, who testified at both trials, contended that he did not intentionally mislead the Congressional committees although he made some honest mistakes.
Revolve provides a kind of graphic map of the software landscape that is being analyzed, and allows programmers to type in questions and move quickly to selected lines of software code to make changes.
"If you could eliminate all the horses, swine and ducks in the world, you could eliminate pandemic influenza," says Edwin D. Kilbourne, professor of microbiology at the Mount Sinai School of Medicine and a national authority on influenza.
The monthly inflation rate 30 percent.
"I believe they're getting there, but they're not there yet."
The Tribune is the latest afternoon newspaper to announce that it is closing.
You know there's some ploy there, some subterfuge to maybe getting a suit going even though he had a signed document that he wouldn't do it.
Polka dots were everywhere, usually in black or navy with white; they overshadowed even the flowered prints, and were even on some shoes and hats.
With the bill already approved in the Republican-led State Senate, the man most squarely in the middle of the fight right now is the Assembly Speaker, Saul Weprin, a Queens Democrat.
His relatives were weavers and cheese wrights, his father a miserable business failure.
Mr. Stone, 50 years old, was considered a potential successor to Kenneth H. Olsen before Mr. Olsen was forced to resign as the company's president in July.
"To try to tear the fabric to advantage your companies, or companies resident in the U.S., seems to me a very hazardous exercise."
MIKE JOHNSTON scored three touchdowns and rushed 26 times for 170 yards as Pope John destroyed Hopatcong, 27-0. .
That tumult is a primary reason Ammirati, which is known for stylishly understated campaigns for clients including Nikon, RCA and United Parcel Service, chose not to participate in the review on what has been its largest account.
Mango Salsa 1 teaspoon brown sugar 1 tablespoon lime juice 1 tablespoon coarsely grated ginger 1 scallion, finely cut 2 tablespoons chopped fresh cilantro 2 ripe mangoes.
There were 56 seconds left in the game when Notre Dame took over on its own 10-yard line.
But after this season, if there are any indications that he will be nothing more than a well-paid guardian, he will seek out trades, he said.
"We have to look at our overall attitude.
MUTINY ON THE FERRY: UNPOPULAR CLOCK Commuters and tourists on the Staten Island ferryboat American Legion groused about the city's decision to spend $112 million to build a new ferry terminal designed by the architects Robert Venturi and Denise Scott Brown.
A retrospective of works by the Swiss director.
Their conditions were not immediately known.
"That's a very good goal, protecting the shellfish from contaminants," Mr. Bullock said.
Birds of a feather flock together.
There is a social point about trophy wives, too.
Mr. Price has not been visibly active in Republican politics since then, but Mr. Bush's decision to make him the chief architect of his acceptance speech is not a surprise.
help have been approved, and there have been conflicts between owners of burned-out businesses and the Small Business Administration.
"Our brain stems do not differ substantially from the brain stem of a fish," Dr. Robert J. Levine, a Yale University professor of medical ethics said in an interview.
Ailing Mother of 12 A Free Apartment But No Freedom When general assistance ended, Marcie Devitt's cash income fell to zero, and she was evicted from the mobile home in Pontiac where she had lived for five years.
*More than 70 percent of the victims said they were concerned about their families discovering that they were raped, about two-thirds said they were worried they might be blamed for being raped.
He was also the first volunteer fireman to ride Boring's brand new fire engine in 1926 when it rolled out on its first call.
In a converted 130-year old machine shop where shipwrights once outfitted six-masted schooners, commercial artists, designers and photographers are equipping themselves and their craft for the computer age.
To Warren, it was the kind of injury that happens to "45-year-old tennis players."
The high schools operated by the community groups are but one componet of the Chancellor's plan to create small thematic schools.
In testing the recipes with children, she found they especially liked things that gave quick and striking results, like a German Oven Pancake that puffs up.
In considering the nearly 5,000 children's titles published each year, the Newbery Committee relies on nominations from librarians.
After the truck was finally restarted, Captain Majure requested a second de-icing.
But Agis, in seclusion, has been brought up to hate Leonide.
The prototype for one exhibit in the series is already in operation, on the elevator to the observation deck of the World Trade Center.
The mishap forced Nippon to drop out of the race and forfeit the day's victory to France.
Lasting reform, however, will require help from reluctant Senate Republicans.
He said there was no open struggle with Mr. Kitovani, "an overambitious person who overestimates his own capacities."
The unusual thing is Wall Street's spirits have picked up before consumers' spirits."
And today, most American computer scientists and executives have long since stopped paying attention to the Fifth Generation project.
Cook until mixture thickens slightly, 15 to 20 more minutes.
His brother, who died of cancer last year, served at various times as the local State Representative, the elected public defender and District Attorney.
She is a clerical worker.
Patrick J. Buchanan, the conservative commentator, won a third of the vote in Florida, a little less than a quarter in Texas and had similar backing in most other states.
Swirl in the pesto and garnish with scallions.
THE REFLECTIONS OF MR. GOTTI John Gotti, confidently urging his co-defendant not to be bitter about their racketeering case, declared that "we're going to beat this."
As Officer Sanchez tried to put handcuffs on Mr. Israel, his gun, a 9-millimeter Glock, went off and the suspect was fatally wounded, Mr. O'Leary said.
But civil liberties groups like the American Civil Liberties Union, joined by several major telephone companies like American Telephone and Telegraph Company, described the proposal as unclear, open to abuse and possibly retarding the pace of technological innovation.
Your recommended reform is to keep the United States and Russia as permanent members, include Japan in the club and create a single European Community seat to be rotated among Britain, France and Germany.
He added, "As soon as we decided it was impossible to continue, we contacted as many other airlines as we could to ask if they would accept our stranded passengers."
Intel officials said the three-month delay would not hurt the company because it would allow it to begin shipping higher volumes of the new chip sooner after introduction than would have been possible with an earlier debut.
July 9-18: "Fiddler on the Roof."
There is such a confusion of proposals and arguments about how to meet what the French analyst Dominique Moisi calls "the challenge of the new world disorder" that these suggestions have a point.
Once the site is cleared, they said, new trailers will be provided by the Federal Emergency Management Agency as temporary housing for the migrants.
"What you really have is a permanent incumbent party, which is almost immune to any national currents in an election."
The Presidential campaigners have scheduled these television appearances in coming days: Senator Al Gore TODAY: 7:35 A.M., NBC, "Today," interview.
Both sought Presidential nominations in 1988, and both failed badly.
Now the Authority plans a new $7.7 billion five-year plan, if Albany can find the funds.
Heart Labs of America Inc., Boca Raton, Fla., an initial public offering of 500,000 units (each consisting of 2 common shares and 1 warrant).
Information about the murders has come from Mr. Chiodo and Mr. D'Arco, who began cooperating with the authorities last year.
Hi," she begins, cradling the mike.
Those are the chief reasons he has added or raised a variety of taxes since taking office, including taxes on cigarettes, insurance premiums and gasoline.
I think that in the past, obviously in 1914 and 1939, it led to war, but there are three differences now: One is, I don't think Germany any longer feels threatened by its neighbors, which it used to, with Russia to its east and the British and French empires to the west.
The deal, brokered and announced by the chief justice of Russia's young Constitutional Court, Valery Zorkin, drew applause from relieved supporters of Mr. Yeltsin and howls of rage from hard-line Communists, who had used the two-day stalemate to push against the Government on every legislative front.
Republican: Hirohito was a Democrat.
Hlasek double-faulted at break point of the set's fourth game and lost his serve after double-faulting at game point of the eighth game, giving Courier a window he used to assume a 5-3 lead.
Net income for the second quarter rose to $317.2 million, or $1.10 a share, from $286.7 million, or $1.00 a share, in the second quarter of 1991.
It is set in an idealized medieval era where the troubador sings only of love.
Already at Birmingham on Oct. 16, Germany was ready to accept an agreement with the United States on oilseeds that did not include subsequent American concessions now in the draft accord.
The story is laced with the thoughtlessness and casual neglect of the Swiss engineer toward the young Jewish woman, who bears the child on the eve of World War II.
"I'm just numb," said Redskins defensive end Shane Collins, who produced a sack in Dallas's last drive that helped thwart any lasting Cowboys threat.
Nothing short of blissful was the recorded life of Jean-Etienne Liotard (1702-89), almost 150 of whose near-miraculous portrait drawings, paintings, pastels and miniatures have just gone on view at the Louvre.
Yet Mr. Perot does not estimate any of these costs; much less does he factor them into his budget calculations.
Expect Little Change The unemployment rate and the associated data will be the first clear indicator of the how the economy performed in August, and traders are looking for information to confirm that the economic recovery has not picked up steam.
Sounding a somber call to duty amid the merriment of commencement, Michael I. Sovern, the president of Columbia University and its affiliated schools, asked graduates and their families yesterday to remember the plight of the novelist Salman Rushdie and not shirk "our responsibility, our duty, to speak out" to support free speech against repression.
One would be hard-pressed to know from all this that Williams, Kastner is actually a law firm, the seventh largest in the Northwest, let alone that it specializes in such mundane matters as insurance defense work and corporate litigation for the likes of Aetna, Johnson & Johnson and the General Motors Acceptance Corporation.
The Securities and Exchange Commission plans to propose rules next month to make it easier for stockholders to understand how much corporate executives are being paid.
Information and directions: (212) 663-2167.
The central bankers propose, the markets dispose.
Some of his time sequences are out of order, for instance in his discussion of Marshal Tito's rise.
The only way to resolve the dispute, Mr. Schiessl said, may be through a conference committee settlement.
"There's definitely a kinky flavor to this kind of men's wear, as expressed in the tailoring," said Camille Paglia, whose book "Sexual Personae" traces images of power and beauty in history.
Spain, with its long coastline, has paved over more of its shores than any other Mediterranean nation of Europe.
A21 Nancy Bekavac: War in another world.
The Agriculture Department had guaranteed repayment of some of the loans under a program that helped Iraq buy American farm goods.
"Anyone can diaper them, but not anyone can talk to them about the Electoral College."
It is to be staged in "the largest tent in south Florida," she said, with a floor, risers, a runway and special lighting.
Another son of the South, Mr. Gore, finished a very distant third here in 1988, although his campaign had numerous problems beyond a lack of regional affinity.
Fergus is living in England under an assumed name after a botched kidnapping in Northern Ireland.
The witnesses' stories varied with different tellings, and they claimed to have seen the shooting from a stair landing that afforded only a slight glimpse of it.
The operation would not be free, but United States costs in blood and treasure would be modest compared with that of the Bosnian trauma.
That $150 million planned community, which will be developed in the next 12 to 16 years, calls for 4,600 residential units -- most of them one-family homes ranging from $100,000 to $350,000 -- plus retail, commercial and industrial space.
But it was the numbers of Americans who came after the gold rush who saw water as an instrument of wealth and power and began the wholesale water transfers that remain a focus of Western politics to this day.
He is an elected legislator who also leads a political party that its opponents believe was created to be the political arm of the junta.
He equally dismisses Dr. Long as someone who should not be taken seriously since he claimed a discovery seven years late and had made no attempt to share it with the world.
Cincinnati has recently been embroiled in a controversy over a Ku Klux Klan-sponsored cross on city property.
Painted concrete will not accept sealer.
An August wedding is planned.
When a small farm comes to the end of the family line, the land almost always goes to a bigger farmer with deep pockets and a powerful line of machinery who can work an extra few hundred acres with efficiency.
I was also haunted by "The Third Man," particularly its jangly zither music.
He held Hilario in his arms until the police arrived.
Gunmen and looters blocked convoys carrying food to starving people today as Somalia awaited the arrival of United Nations armed guards to protect the shipments.
I'm old-fashioned enough to believe that Republicans should be conservatives and Democrats should be liberals.
"There's a big war going on.
"For as much propaganda as I've been talking, for me to have lost, it would have made me look bad," he said with a suddenly sheepish grin after the game.
"But it frightens me to know that our country is still not free of censorship when freedom of expression is an absolute necessity to any free society."
Since jumping into the lineup in Game 2, Sanders has emerged as Atlanta's hottest batter, with 6 hits in 12 times at bat, a double, two runs scored, one r.b.i.
Joined by renegades from the Azerbaijan Army, supporters of the nationalist opposition coalition known as the Popular Front shot their way into the Parliament, where an assembly dominated by former Communists voted overwhelmingly on Thursday to reinstate Ayaz Mutalibov as President.
In Arizona, the state government has not been so persuaded.
Then Mattingly, never on a pennant winner in 10 years with the Yankees, said: "If you add a couple of pitchers and put the team that we have right now on the field, you would take your chances with it.
Mr. Wickes said he hoped an eventual trial would resolve things differently for the parade next year.
champion produced a 40-minute instructional video, his motto was the logical title.
The action came less than an hour after the State Senate paved the way for the Council's action.
The Dow gained 12.30, to 3,258.50.
He added: "I was really pleased the way Bryan came back and did well.
Only six foundations with fulltime, salaried chief executives paid less than $100,000.
They learned that the trail, for them since they were northbound, was "like a society moving north," Ms. Lacativa said, in which gossip was passed both by word of mouth and through notes in the trail registers.
Between now and the end of May, those who relish the taste of the fish and its roe can find all they can eat at fish markets, restaurants and festivals along the river front.
But Joyner-Brown's muff of a punt gave Jacksonville the ball at the Charger 13, and Lee ran in from there to make it 34-28.
About five years ago, the building we live in was converted to a noneviction co-op.
He needs 51 hits over the final 51 games to reach 3,000. .
It's been said, and it is true, that "a leader gives his people character."
His mother is a clinical social worker in Islamabad.
'A Passion to Succeed' But just why Stuyvesant consistently excels is a question most school administrators would pay good money to answer.
The gross domestic product expanded at a barely perceptible annual rate of four-tenths of 1 percent in the October-December quarter after tepid growth of 1.4 percent in the second quarter.
Accordingly, subsections of software may be considered so fundamental that they may not be copyrighted.
The family allows a few American college student-researchers -- during our stay they were studying bats and white-faced monkeys -- and a handful of kayakers (up to 12 at a time) to board at the farm to help cover their costs.
In a side room, while they lined up with their escorts before the presentation ceremony, an usher told them, "It's better to look good than to feel good, and you all look marvelous."
For the sake of stability, he said, his Government should remain in power, with a new constitution negotiated among South African political parties.
But the society that sends the check resents its support of people who might be supporting themselves.
Mr. Neugebauer and others say the number of neo-Nazis in Austria remains small, perhaps between 50 and 300 hard-core members, with a thousand more sympathizers.
On most of Rikers, prisoners steal one another's sneakers.
A June wedding is planned.
A judge sentenced Mr. Miller to two year's probation after he agreed to undergo psychiatric treatment, Thomas Dease, Chief of the Brook Park Police Department, said by telephone.
But each will have to tread lightly everywhere he walks.
If it has not been done already, a training course on the proper care and handling of computer equipment is a good idea.
Federal employees' salaries and wages rose 7.6 percent, to $9.7 billion.
Mr. Doe mumbles most of his lines, and Mr. Horovitz whines most of his.
The Szalkies live in a modest brick house on a narrow street lined with older Fords and pickup trucks in a factory town past its prime.
A sonata theme announces itself at the start of a movement, defining and governing the music to come.
Among them are many lawmakers on Capitol Hill who fear for their political lives because of the anti-incumbent mood in the nation and because they worry that the name at the top of their ticket will be weak.
The shells produced in the Vespoli plant on the banks of the Quinnipiac River in downtown New Haven bear only a slight resemblance to the wooden craft that the American artist Thomas Eakins depicted in his paintings.
Earlier this month, a lawsuit filed on behalf of Gathers's 8-year-old son was withdrawn.
Why to the Yellow Pages, of course, but not necessarily the telephone companies' books.
Shaken by scandals and new frictions with Washington, Prime Minister Kiichi Miyazawa opened a new session of Parliament today pledging to "make every effort to cooperate" with the United States to solve its economic problems.
As a result, the region's United Way directors -- from the $19,600-a-year executive in Sullivan County, N.Y., to the $291,000-a-year New York City chief -- are preparing to do battle for their personal reputations and the future of their charities.
Fed officials have suggested publicly in recent days that the actions already taken will be sufficient to initiate a recovery.
They flew in from New York on Saturday, and Zito said that his star would hold his final workout for the Classic on Wednesday.
As a climax, the "Shades" scene is a workable finale and its three soloists, Irina Chistyakova, Irina Sitnikova and Veronika Ivanova, were like the corps.
He now wears a T-shirt that reads 'Keep me in Good Humor" and a pair of painter's pants with black suspenders.
The proceedings have been caught up in politics, as the prosecution and defense attorneys accuse each other of playing for time and of leaking evidence while the case is still technically under investigation.
They are followed by Sweden, Switzerland, France, Spain, Czechoslovakia and Italy.
King Fahd of Saudi Arabia is reported to have pledged $8 million of his own money for food and medicine.
Such loss estimates do not count the income lost by businesses, which are either closed or limping along after the hurricane, or by households, where jobs have been lost.
Police officials defended the officers, saying some witnesses had described their actions as reasonable.
"How Come You Go to Her?," another original, is a quintessential cheating song.
But their incomes dropped by 17 percent, mostly because of cuts in welfare benefits.
First Mass in Village Hall The first Mass in the new parish was celebrated on May 22, 1892, at a temporary altar in the old Village Hall at Circle and Maple Avenues.
But he agreed that whatever the Constitutional Court said, Mr. Yeltsin will not dismiss Mr. Sobchak.
Scott Sanderson, Melido Perez, Tim Leary, Greg Cadaret and Kamieniecki are not expected to win a division championship, no matter how many innings they pitch into games, no matter how effective Steve Farr, Steve Howe, John Habyan and Rich Monteleone are in relief.
In the Macy case, he was persuaded to invest by Myron E. Ullman 3d, now Macy's vice chairman, who had done business with Sir Run Run in Hong Kong.
Nothing will ever replace that.
Images of manufactured romance, still prevalent in last year's show, "Skating II," have been toned down.
But Shanghai last year had just 980,000 foreign visitors.
We began one meal with spring roll and sate, two starter staples.
Critics also say that Mr. Weiss's background as an analyst of banks and savings institutions makes him unqualified to reach conclusions about insurers.
For the Republicans and Mr. Florio, it is a joint responsibility.
It was a battle mainly for front-runners, and it ended when Ron McAnally's 4-year-old colt flashed home in front of the long shot Out of Place, who held second place by a neck over Sunny Sunrise.
Resemblances would have been fine, said Miss Randall, who wrote "Mansions of Long Island's Gold Coast" and is a director of the North Shore Preservation Society, if Mrs. Sutter had been portrayed as dignified.
Now, with the election only two days away, the attack strategies seem to be producing results.
In World War II he served as an Army psychiatrist at Walter Reed Hospital and in Europe.
A sentencing hearing is to begin Monday in Atlanta.
The coalition, which was formed by community and housing advocates in response to the Newark authority's plans to demolish 39 of its 46 high-rise buildings, sued H.U.D.
This is an artist who will not accept a walled-off vision.
Out-of-town designers who build in Boston often surpass the locals in architectural chauvinism, and 222 practically pops its studs with traditional Boston motifs -- red brick walls, limestone trim, bay windows, stuff like that.
Stocks soared on the Tokyo Stock Exchange today, with the Nikkei average of 225 issues moving back above the 15,000 level.
But Mr. Georgy said that if examined hard enough the report could be seen to have some relative bright spots.
Her father is president of Connecticut Economics Corporation, a financial consulting company in Old Greenwich.
is just a more extreme example of what's going to be happening to other oil companies."
The details of each incident show how difficult it is to organize and build coalitions against these attacks, and how inspiring are the people who, often risking jobs and reputation, do that work.
Eight candidates are trying to pack a full primary election campaign into a little more than three weeks as they scramble for the Democratic nomination to run for a Congressional seat from Ohio's southwest corner.
*The passengers were not wearing safety belts that were secured to the floor of the plane, which had no seats.
Train departures were delayed and some 15,000 protesters in Milan marched to the strains of Beethoven's "Eroica" symphony.
Douglass, who also had a 66, added: "Lee doesn't know that he can't win them all."
Mr. Stancik's investigators found one custodian who spent hours tending to his boat while being paid to take care of a Board of Education facility in Brooklyn.
"But I've been pretty close every time, like I am now," he admitted.
Colonial coinage was rare, and coins were so scarce during the Civil War that merchants made their own tokens and soldiers often used postage stamps to buy necessities.
It's not surprising that the Department of Veterans Affairs has been moving for months to bring its 172 hospitals up to the level of most private institutions by banning the sale of cigarettes in hospital shops and by moving smoking lounges outside.
Trouble in Scandinavia Finland's decision quickly created problems for Sweden and Norway as well, as investors fled their currencies, worried that they, too, might be devalued.
Mr. Allen said Mr. Aramony in the last year refused a raise, saying it would be inappropriate in such tight financial times.
"I read that fairy tale, yes," the Mayor said in response to a reporter's question at a scheduled weekly news conference.
(Hint: Nothing pictured is the Golden Gate, the Charles or the Galata Bridge.
Painting 'Can Be Agony' Mr. Peterson feels responsible for keeping the field guides up to date, but he wishes he had more time for his paintings.
Mr. Sharpton is the lone black candidate.
He also continued to emphasize his theme that it was time to "put America first," and redirect American resources to the homefront.
Brendan Madden, described him as "a fine kid" and "a faithful member of the church."
If any building paper or insulation beneath the siding is damaged in the process, patch it by covering the area with duct tape.
It becomes him; his acting would probably be silly on any other scale.
BARRY R. CHISWICK Jerusalem, June 16, 1992 The writer, research professor and head of the department of economics at the University of Illinois at Chicago, is a visiting professor at the Hebrew University.
"Do you know how many relatives I've buried because of that stuff?
"Per capita income is second in the country, next to Connecticut we have the most used road miles in the country, highest density, it's a corridor state, people go through it in automobiles.
They included the Space Studies Institute, which he founded with his wife, Tasha Steffen, and which supports educational and research programs in space development, and the Geostar Corporation, which developed the first private satellite navigational system to guide travel on Earth.
Grades earned: 2.75 grade point average.
The district's treasurer, Rebecca Brooks, said the state, which supplies much of Mount Healthy's education budget, held education aid below the inflation rate last year and will cut aid next year.
Mr. Buchanan also called into question Mr. Bush's political courage.
In April, that three-way race showed Mr. Bush at 38 percent, Mr. Clinton at 28 percent and Mr. Perot at 23 percent.
The LaserWriter wasn't good enough, there weren't enough fonts, the Mac didn't even have a hard drive.
And the passion that develops between them, however playful it appears, is truly a matter of life or death.
More experts were called in, and all agreed that the coin was probably one of the extremely high-relief $20 gold pieces but that it was unlike them.
The Senate President, Donald T. DiFrancesco, who also originally backed the plan to merge the network with WNET, acknowledged two months ago that outcries from influential Republicans as well as Democrats played a part in the decision to restore the money.
Now, 92 Vietnamese will join the international runners in the marathon on Sunday, and 600 other Vietnamese are expected to compete in "fun" races to be held on Saturday.
I have a friend who was born in Peru.
Such a link would also call into question the judgment of the Rome bank in extending so much credit, and perhaps the judgment of Italian Government officials as well.
Former Navy Secretary H. Lawrence Garrett 3d, who stepped down in June amid publicity about the convention, requested the investigations after allegations were made that he had been near the hallway where the women were assaulted, but that Navy investigators had not included that information in their report on the incident.
The plan is intended to reduce the hospital-supplies company's $800 million in debt through new equity investment, Kendall said.
5 8 14 NIGHT OVER WATER, by Ken Follett.
The shorter-maturity serial bonds were priced to yield from 2.75 percent in 1993 to 4.60 percent in 1997, 5.65 percent in 2002, 6.20 percent in 2007 and 6.25 in 2009.
They were arraigned this morning in before Judge Joseph F. Bruno, who denied their requests for bail.
It also has a computer voice that tells you when a turn is coming up, a two-way radio for assistance and a cellular phone.
Now the wisdom of Watson's action is finally going to be tested.
One issue for council members is that private companies often have unrestricted use of information that individuals originally provided voluntarily for a specific purpose.
Revenues increased 5 percent, to $136 million.
Of those directly chosen, 39 seats are to be decided in runoff elections on Nov. 8.
He's on the Appropriations Committee, the only New Jersey Democrat who is, and we always worked on things together."
He died of pulmonary fibrosis, his family said.
"I always mistrust myself when I start thinking I am Father Superior among the novitiates."
And front yards bristle with "House for Sale" signs, evidence that some of the weekend dwellers, as well as year-round residents, are having trouble making ends meet.
Her mother was formerly the editor of American Education Magazine.
If one looks at manufacturing and farm productivity over this period, one sees the problem is not there.
That was not very soothing for their tired ears as they packed away two weeks of sweet and sour memories.
All of the designated ambassadors, who must be confirmed by the Senate, are Foreign Service officers.
That would have a major effect on Hong Kong, through which much of Chinese-American trade passes.
Mr. Smith emphasizes their supremacy when he notes that not a few artists of the 60's and 70's chose "not to make permanent, personal, expressive or marketable art objects."
The collapsed talks were supposed to produce a new institution for power-sharing between the province's 900,000 Protestants and 650,000 Catholics.
They will be going to a mighty strange place.
The marriage of "foreign" and local passions, well oiled by the Empordans' legendary entrepreneurial prowess, has spawned a cultural renaissance on the lower plain, all within a 15-mile radius.
"It's the old spaghetti theory -- take everything you have and throw it at Clinton, and whatever sticks to the wall is good," said James Innocenzi, a Republican advertising consultant.
"I always tell them to get off at Exit 27, which says 'Lincoln Ave., Port Chester and Harrison.'
"If we lose, is he out of here?
The United Shareholders Association said yesterday that one proposal being submitted for a vote at the annual meeting in April calls for creation of a committee of independent directors to evaluate the company's leadership and strategic direction.
In the words of one of her co-stars, "Thanks for the memory."
But this hypothesis has not been proved, he said.
Cooking gained cachet in the late 1970's and early 80's as many Americans were discovering new and different cuisines, but the fad has passed.
The Dinkins administration's plan to build a $550 million incinerator at the Brooklyn Navy Yard -- one of the most bitterly contested public works projects in New York's history -- will almost certainly be rejected by the City Council before it adjourns next week.
The European Community is in a position to pay a lot more than they have in the past.
executive said it could be available this year.
It is possible Michael has ignored Hendricks because Anderson has now become the Yankees' top priority ahead of the right-handed King, who was 6-11 with Cleveland last year.
The epidemic was more than five years old before President Ronald Reagan uttered the "A" word publicly.
"Let's talk about something else," he said when asked if he was any closer to making a decision.
Among them are a flat barouque style, mini-gauntlets, unmatched asymmetrical styles and gloves adorned with calligraphy.
vice president who heads the union's G.M.
When I didn't, I was disappointed.
The Governor said Mr. Brown argued that it would seem awkward for him to not speak at a hometown convention.
But some feared it could bring a rush of gentrification that would change it beyond recognition.
When he thinks of New Mexico, to which he is deeply attached, he thinks not of pueblo wannabes built for the non-Indian masses, but "science, Los Alamos and the space program," he said.
The manager, cognizant of how much he can't predict, has set a target date anyway.
It just snowballed, and fed on itself."
The Mayor's plan has been widely praised, even by some strict no-growth advocates, because it is an attempt to funnel the population surge into given areas rather than just to let the pell-mell forces of the free market add to urban sprawl.
An Outward Conformist In everyday life he was a father whose two children paid him little heed, a Communist Party member who always posted pictures of the Politburo in his workplace.
No doubt about it; we would walk the boats around the ice.
"I do feel that that its very curious that 23 years after the fact and 48 days before the election Colonel Holmes has yet another recollection," she said.
ROBERT FARHI Fort Lee, N. J.
But thus far, many credit market analysts say, the visible benefits to the economy from that bold move on Dec. 20 have been exceedingly modest, and the pressure is building for the central bank to do more.
The prosecutors have presented checkout tapes that show Ms. Warmus bought a pair of gloves of the same style at Filene's Basement in Scarsdale on Nov. 9, 1987.
Facing serious charges, they often agree to work in covert operations as a way to have the charges reduced or, as happened in Mr. Giuffre's case, dismissed.
Mrs. Budd, 27 years old and a graduate of Denison University, is an assistant in the treasury department of Leucadia National Corporation, an investment holding company in New York.
One friend said he really should have been a theatrical producer.
The diplomat also said it was feared that the bodies had already been burned or otherwise destroyed.
The more shots Ewing altered, the more Miami's players began to worry about him.
Same story around the corner, where a crab apple (Malus x purpurea) elbows a holly tree (Nelly Stevens) that's nudging a monster of a Cotoneaste divaricata.
leader in home runs, runs batted in, slugging percentage and runs, added to each total tonight.
The Procter & Gamble Company is trying out a version of its time-tested Ivory soap bar that does not float and will not melt in the soap dish.
Senators Tom Harkin and Bob Kerrey, 1992 ambitions dimmed, have withdrawn.
president, said more and safer parking spots will "encourage people to get out of their cars and use our railroads."
"Bill's going to help me run" North American operations, he said.
The earned-income waiver was not extended to all welfare recipients, Mrs. Bacon said, because to do so would be too expensive.
Graham could be light, too, however, and proved it in "Maple Leaf Rag," a self-parodying group dance set to Scott Joplin piano rags played with verve by Chris Landriau.
According to the police, more than 120 members of the marching band of Texas Southern University of Houston, which had come to Japan to perform during a football game, visited the Akihabara discount electronics district the morning of Dec. 7.
The sugar brokers were either unavailable for comment or declined to discuss the suit.
"I had my crew lined up.
Mr. Meisel is also known for his advertising photographs, among them the current Barneys New York ads (including the Madison Avenue billboard of Linda Evangelista with a butterfly on her nose).
He had my size, great skills.
"We are still in the takeoff period at a time when people wish we were at full speed," he said.
He served as president from 1960 to 1963 and as chairman from 1962 to 1964.
IN New York City, a broker should be able to demonstrate an ability to shepherd the sale through a co-op building's admissions committee.
Roche is fourth, and LeMond, the three-time winner of the Tour who was fifth today, is fifth over all.
Why not put it up while he's still around?"
He stunned his senior aides when he told them to take long vacations this summer, and for the first time in as long as anyone can remember, the man with the reputation for working longer and harder than anyone else, himself took off three weeks.
Mr. Wilder usually announces his decisions in death penalty cases after the Supreme Court has ruled, often hours before the execution.
Corson, 25, was suspended indefinitely by General Manager SERGE SAVARD last Friday after getting into a late-night fight at a downtown bar two nights earlier.
Their horse was beaten today by Honest Ensign, a 4-year-old colt owned by Clarence Hill Jr., a retired admiral and master of the Navair Stable, and trained by Guillame Soyer.
Jesse Jackson should not hurt him, and he complained that some Jews seemed unwilling to forgive Mr. Jackson's reference to New York as "Hymietown."
But with this buoyant victory, a dreary string of 63 exhibition games ended in the best way possible for an improving United States team.
Walt Terrell replaced Gullickson in the seventh and was treated rudely as Hayes tripled and scored on Bernie Williams's single and Matt Nokes belted a two-run homer in the eighth that made it 8-0.
European officials have been hoping to avoid a broad-based devaluation of the currencies within the Exchange Rate Mechanism.
Her mother, Dorothea R. Andes, is the president of Sanderling Interiors, a decorating concern in Villanova.
"Whether he has strong appeal with overall voters out here, I don't think anybody has any idea."
'Much Too Late' Finally, this fall, hundreds of thousands of Germans took to the streets to show their abhorrence, and the Christian Democratic coalition Government of Chancellor Helmut Kohl acted, banning three far-right organizations charged with instigating racial and ethnic hatred.
This would constitute harm to the exonerated person.
Since retiring he had taught catechism at the church school in Deir Rafat.
Whereupon he engages in an encyclopedic examination of the vicissitudes of memory and tradition from 1811, when former President John Adams worried about their imminent corruption, to Ronald Reagan, who played the mystic chords of patriotism like no President since Franklin D. Roosevelt -- but made a habit of forgetting the facts.
"I've taught environmental courses here since 1962," said Dr. Douglas Baker, an associate professor of biology.
Grim complexes like this are home to many of the angry rioters in Rostock and other communities, and no one here is surprised that one of the best-known extremist groups in Chemnitz calls itself Heckert SS.
The Dorian's musicians were Elizabeth Mann, Gerard Reuter, Jerry Kirkbride, Jane Taylor and Nancy Billmann.
AS FAR AS MILL SPRINGS.
The undisputed heavyweight champion is EVANDER HOLYFIELD, whose next title defense is June 19 against LARRY HOLMES in Las Vegas, Nev.
The United States Court of Appeals for the Ninth Circuit then ruled that Congress did not have the constitutional authority to tell Federal judges how to decide pending cases.
Whereas L'Oliana has a sleek urban look, L'Olive is rustically Spanish: colorful tiles inset in the floor, dark wood trim, a wine-cellar theme upstairs.
Canada's Blue Jays, who at least for the week cross all of the political lines in the country, charged to a two-games-to-one lead in the first international World Series, edging the Braves, 3-2, on Candy Maldonado's bases-loaded, run-scoring single in the ninth inning.
"I'm not selling it for the money," said McMullen shortly after the sale was announced on July 24.
He died of a heart attack, said a spokesman for Universal Studios, Robert Crutchfield.
The company is listed on the Pacific Stock Exchange.
Hunt, a 28-year-old unemployed Charleston man, to run against Representative Arthur Ravenel Jr., a Republican incumbent.
Until then, they'd please better shut their mouths."
"She worshiped him," Chaplin's son Charles Jr. would write, "drinking in every word he spoke, whether it was about his latest script, the weather or some bit of philosophy."
"The fact is that the place is going to hell and that there will be great pressure within the Security Council for the United Nations to do something."
Guidelines established by the American Humane Society now set terms and conditions for animals' appearances in films that many human actors might envy: adequate housing, proper nourishment, medical care, reasonable hours.
If ancient paint was flaking off the walls, might it not be tainted with lead?
The lack of F-14 deliveries to the Navy was mainly responsible for the drop, Grumman said.
Ms. Dillard's novel, in a genuine epic mode, concerns what befell nearly everyone in the 19th-century Washington Territory.
The Senator, who has long been an advocate of women's rights, pledged to "restructure, drastically and totally, my attitude and my professional relationships" to avoid sexual behavior offensive to women.
"I cannot see how this would affect the ongoing business in the county A.S.C.S.
One issue facing Agritope is time to market.
In recent years, Brazil, Colombia and Paraguay have held constitutional conventions.
Cuba and the Soviet Union armed the Government, and the United States and South Africa aided Unita.
With the small school population, students can easily participate in several extracurricular activities.
But Candida Ewing Steel, the descendants' lawyer and great-great granddaughter of Gen. Thomas Ewing Jr., who was the defense lawyer for Samuel Mudd, said she was uncertain where such an appeal could be filed.
Watching wizened women barely taller than their shopping carts navigating the tides of gay couples, Cuban families and French and German tourists on Lincoln Road in Miami Beach, one feels that one is seeing, together on the same plate, bunches of dewy, ripe, just picked grapes and the raisins they will become.
In other words, how large a sandwich roll would you need to accommodate all matter in the universe?
But if Warren found damage that required further surgery, Handley said, Simms would probably be out for the season.
Mr. Lewis called witnesses who were dismissed as unreliable by the jurors at the first trial and who did not appear in the second.
Let us hope that the United States will continue to help the former Soviet Union both to build a viable economic and a free political system.
I KNOW an 82-year-old woman who thinks that the food served in diners is the best around.
No matter what the cancer society and cancer institute decide in February, he will continue to advocate mammograms for all women in their 40's, including his 45-year-old wife.
Baker grew up 10 minutes from the Coliseum, had always dreamed of playing there.
The stations have lost advertising revenue to cable television and other new competitors, and some analysts estimate that more than half of all stations are now unprofitable.
"If they try a new vote, it isn't going to work; it will go down even worse that it did the first time," a union member on the picket line at East Farmingdale said yesterday.
But there are no guarantees, especially since the Cardinals held the San Diego Chargers' running game to 29 yards last Sunday.
But experts yesterday said no state had yet instituted such restrictions.
New fossils from about 20 million to 17 million years ago show the various species of Proconsul to be relatively slow-moving arboreal animals that are difficult to categorize.
That is where infant carrying devices come in.
Seventy-three percent of Americans polled in 1990 were in favor of abortion rights.
Eric Karros led off the ninth with a homer for the Dodgers' other run off Mulholland (1-3).
Dorothy Malone has a virtually silent role as another female killer.
His letters are mostly about business, about accounts, contracts, expenses.
The whole nature of the "Alien" trilogy, Ms. Weaver says, made the stretch a little more elastic.
*3*** COMPANY REPORTS ** View Full Article in Timesmachine »
In testimony in the Iran-contra Congressional hearings, John M. Poindexter, the former national security adviser, said he kept from Mr. Reagan his decision to divert millions of dollars in proceeds from the arms sales to the contra rebels in Nicaragua.
The Port Authority may have overpaid as much as half a million dollars over the last two years to a company that provides security services for the World Trade Center because the authority failed to properly monitor its contracts with the company, authority officials said yesterday.
They did everything they planned to do.
"The sense of the single market is in being, even if not all the rules are in place, much less being enforced," said Keith Richardson, the secretary general of the European Round Table, a group representing 40 of Europe's largest companies.
Seating 48,000, with an old-fashioned bleacher section, in contrast to the 60,000-plus-seat multipurpose variety, it is a smallish park designed just for baseball, a green jewel knitted into the fabric of the city.
The other part of the mountain is in North Korea and therefore inaccessible to South Koreans.
His feelings about New York City were such that he felt strongly that Fordham should become even more influential as a metropolitan university.
By incorporating that flexibility with the high capacity of fiber optics, telephone companies hope to let customers eventually send and receive everything from large volumes of data to old movies over their cable systems.
The Knicks have played much tougher in the post-season than the team that ended the regular season by losing five of its last seven games.
Can't Get Satisfaction "I don't want to get satisfied with playing .500 anywhere, whether it is at home or on the road," said Manager Buck Showalter.
The next day, Mr. Boucher said that "low-level" State Department officials had erred by expediting the request, which is rarely done.
The Nets didn't have Bowie on Friday night in a game at Byrne Meadowlands Arena against Washington, but several other players stood up to help the Nets prevail over the Bullets, 99-96, helping to feed the kind of playoff expectation that hasn't been seen around the Meadowlands since 1986.
Although fireworks peddling is considered a low-priority crime, each year the police try to stem the trade to prevent the serious injuries that are an annual occurrence around July 4th.
Still, foreign policy expertise is a hard card for the Governor of Arkansas to match; when quizzed about his preparation to be Commander in Chief today on the CBS News program "This Morning," Mr. Clinton found himself discussing his experience deploying the Arkansas National Guard, which is not quite the same thing.
He died of a heart attack, said Harry W. Carey, his companion.
4 Opposition gunmen killed two demonstrators in Georgia.
Prime Minister Antall clearly stated at the opening of the autumn session of the Hungarian Parliament that neither he nor his Government could be identified with such views and tendencies.
It was the second bad blow for Sosa this season.
Be aware that hotel surcharges and Brazilian telephone rates add up to $3 a minute charges for international calls.
Last February, all this was close to never existing.
"Many of us come from there," he said, referring to troubled urban areas.
His lawyers fought hard to allow him to use his interests in Drexel's private partnerships, which they valued at $300 million, in lieu of cash, but they ultimately had to drop that demand when the other lawyers valued the stakes closer to $200 million and insisted on getting cash or cash equivalents.
But he seemed to signal his intentions by denying the motion for a delay in sentencing.
I try to concentrate on what I can do and what makes me tick.
This dates from 1970, but has only recently been distributed in the Serbian capital.
As a child, he used to show up on peoples' doorsteps selling candy bars and delivering newspapers.
"He's not in the pocket of business."
To highlight that work, Mr. Brugioni quotes his boss, Arthur C. Lundahl, the head of the National Photographic Interpretation Center, explaining the center's activities to the President: "Imagine a group of photo interpreters on their hands and knees scanning a role of film that extended from the White House to the Capitol and back."
COST OVERSHADOWED BY COMMITMENT It's not clear that Howard Schultz, the 39-year-old chief executive of the Starbucks Coffee Company can actually put a dollar figure to how much it costs him to offer benefits to his part-time employees.
"The problem is not drugs," he goes on.
Instead, he married her, tried to live normally with her, but eventually gave up and left.
An Unspiring Hit at That Steve Farr was called upon to finish it, as Militello sat in the clubhouse, watching the final two innings on television.
Though his contract does not allow him to negotiate with anyone until after he has completed talks with NBC, other suitors -- including syndication companies -- have made "presentations," to Mr. Letterman's agents at the Creative Artists Agency in Los Angeles.
You want to take a swing at me, that's O.K.
ROBERT ORNDORFF Seattle, Oct. 21, 1992
Asked if he were still expected to carry the offense this season, Ewing said: "Not really.
The plan also provides full payment to Kendall's trade creditors and employees.
Dean L. Sanders, head of operations at the Wal-Mart stores division, will succeed him.
Symbiosis will operate as a subsidiary of American Home Products, and its management team will remain intact.
Representative Jim Cooper, Democrat of Tennessee, has introduced legislation that would bar the telephone companies from information services unless a competing network can reach at least half the homes in a market.
Different Conclusions There is considerable debate in government and academia about whether enterprise zones actually encourage job creation.
Great Kills remained basically a farming community until 1860, when the B & O Railroad linked it to St. George and the ferry to Manhattan.
They include teams from Australia, France, Japan, Russia, Spain and a group from Italy organized by Raul Gardini, the former chairman of Il Moro's challenge.
"Ever since I was little, I just wanted to play in the N.H.L.," LeBlanc said.
Instead, the campaign has apparently decided to counter the questions that have dogged Mr. Clinton's campaign -- about his financial dealings, his draft status in the Vietnam War and marital infidelity -- more obliquely.
Therefore, any guilty plea involving a sentence of probation would involve her pleading to second-degree manslaughter -- unless the prosecution agreed to drop both manslaughter counts and allowed her to plead to two other counts in the indictment, both involving criminal possession of a weapon.
Usually, collectors track down rare bottles like detectives, studying vintage charts and price lists, visiting wine makers, cultivating knowledgeable merchants and haunting the London auction rooms.
LCF & L also handles other American Tobacco brands, both low-priced (Bull Durham, Misty) and full-priced (Carlton, Pall Mall).
We don't have an ax to grind with the San Diego Yacht Club or Dennis Conner."
The trial was suspended and has since been moved to Pennsylvania.
"In both cases the court found in favor of the farmer," said Ms. Standish.
The economic recession and the Persian Gulf war were two major reasons for the drop.
The 16-nation body did not indicate how it would help enforce the ban, but Secretary of State Lawrence S. Eagleburger said that NATO was preparing contingency plans to enforce the no-flights zone and that the United States was prepared to provide aircraft in such an operation.
The motion is part of a racketeering lawsuit in Federal District Court in Brooklyn.
The notion of insuring pets is an attempt to cash in on the nation's enormous health-care profits, the critics charge, to bring millions to veterinarians and insurers and upward spiraling costs to everyone with a furry dependent.
Since the end of gulf war, the military has significantly revised the glowing performance records of weapons like the Patriot missile, leading to accusations that the Pentagon misled the public to support its war aims.
Of New York, Mr. Finkelstein said: "It's just a great place for stories.
Risks to Blacks The burden of the work stoppage fell overwhelmingly on South African blacks, who lost pay and risked their jobs if they stayed home, and endangered their safety if they did not.
"I looked at some of the papers and I think the statement was blown out of proportion," said Jets cornerback Mike Brim.
cease trying to be all things.
Add salt, pepper, cilantro and oregano.
It needed a leader and a diplomat who could contend with the charges of faddishness and scholarly inadequacy that had been leveled at the museum under Mr. Armstrong.
Mr. DeDeo, who had previously directed the company's worldwide advertising efforts as president and chief executive of the Y.& R. Advertising operations, has been promoted to the newly created positions of vice chairman and chief creative officer at Y.& R. Inc. Mr. DeDeo, who continues to report to Alex Kroll, the company's chairman and chief executive, adds responsibilities for overseeing work at units including Burson-Marstellar (public relations), Wunderman Worldwide (direct marketing) and Landor & Associates (corporate identity).
Auction records were toppled twice in recent years, both times at London sales of dishes produced in Urbino.
Robert Brown, a trustee of the ensemble and a cellist in the larger orchestra for 27 years, added: "We're coming back because of an unexpected but very welcome ground swell from the community.
For his part, Mr. Hachani, said at his news conference that his movement will not force Islamic law on the Algerian people when it comes into power.
"The result is a mind-teasing delight," R. .W.
A hearing on the Administration's plan to overhaul the $2.2 trillion government securities market degenerated into personal bickering today between the chairman of the House Banking Committee and the head of the Securities and Exchange Commission.
WITH: Gregory Hines, George C. Wolfe, Susan Birkenhead, Luther Henderson, Keith David, Stanley Wayne Mathis and Tonya Pinkins.
She too is drawn to the Quarry, where she takes up the double life of a waitress and a whore as if she had been born to it.
"We've come a long way since Sly Williams's time," said Mr. Lapchick.
If I don't learn English, I can't do it."
Countering the argument that a fair hearing of the charges against Mr. Beckwith would not have been possible in the 1960's, another of Mr. Beckwith's lawyers, Jim Kitchens of Jackson, argued that times had changed enough by 1969 to retry Mr. Beckwith.
Fri., 8 P.M. and Dec. 20 at 4 P.M., "Messiah" Part I with orchestra, 200-voice chorus, and Brenda Harris, soprano; Christina Wilcox, mezzo-soprano; Daniel Burgin, tenor; Arthur Woodley, bass-baritone; Stephen Rapp, harpdischordist; John Stansell, organist; Dorothy Happell, concertmaster.
Tally that the book would never be made into a movie.
The Bills were penalized after Reed threw his helmet just before halftime.
In the fall of 1988, Larry McCaffery, an English professor at San Diego State University, featured one of Leyner's stories, "I Was an Infinitely Hot and Dense Dot," in a special issue on cyberpunk fiction that he guest-edited for the Mississippi Review.
" And the answer is that the victim "deserved to die."
Frances Goldscheider, a sociology professor at Brown University who is editor of Demography magazine, called women's growing lack of interest in marriage "the real revolution" of the last 20 years.
*A redesigned buckling system for waterproofing.
Among the main courses was a sparkling special of poached halibut in a butter-and-lemon sauce ($14.50), served with tiny boiled potatoes and dill.
It should have been on the admitting papers.
(AP) COLLEGE TENNIS Florida's Perfect Ending Florida completed an unbeaten season with a five-match-to-three victory over Texas for its first National Collegiate Athletic Association women's tennis championship, played in Stanford, Calif.
"The coach grabbed a hockey stick and began striking a wall in an effort to protect his team and force the fans back.
That would be the first choice."
Critics said Centel was being sold too cheaply and that Sprint, the third-largest long distance carrier after A.T.& T. and MCI, was not a desirable partner.
The primaries and the modern news media combine to enable the American people to make informed, serious determinations about character, core values and national political direction.
And although the Ford is in its first season, the Andrettis believe -- after thrashing it as hard as possible in test sessions -- that it can go 500 miles on Sunday.
For example, if the high was 75 degrees and the low 55 degrees, then the average was exactly 65 degrees and there were no "degree days" added to the season total; if the high was 65 and the low was 45, the average was 55 and there were 10 degree days.
"It leaves a vacuum in terms of a known successor," said Sam Albert, a former I.B.M.
2 man in old, reliable HOWARD JOHNSON .
from the University of Pennsylvania.
In the 1990 redistricting, as a result of increased Justice Department vigilance in enforcing the Voting Rights Act, the students were grouped in one precinct.
On a Friday night last fall, Mike Erickson was finally arrested for domestic assault and violently resisting arrest.
Under the agreement, the creation of the park and the development along it would be supervised by a new agency, composed of members appointed by the Governor and the Mayor.
Along the road from the airport into downtown Saigon, there are billboard advertisements for foreign companies announcing their presence in the city: Sony, JVC, Nissan, Ricoh, Ogilvy & Mather, Agfa.
Robert B. McNee, a prominent geography professor who once headed the American Geographical Society, died Jan. 8 at the U.C.L.A.
and interviews with Mr. Meyer indicated that Mr. Perot felt obliged to spend lavishly on his New York effort.
The resolution does not apply to residents who garden on their own property.
For the packaging and promotion of the first "designer fragrance," in 1911, the Paris couturier Paul Poiret enlisted the help of Raoul Dufy, Man Ray and Edward Steichen.
I think it's harder for them to talk."
Selecting Right Jurors In the months afterward the prosecutors worked out their strategy, always mindful that "we had a problem with this 2 o'clock in the morning voluntarily entering a man's hotel room," Mrs. Trathen said.
Mr. Ulam, who is the director of the Russian Research Center and the Gurney Professor of History and Political Science at Harvard University, reviews succinctly and with his customary elegance the subsequent developments inside the major Communist countries and the complicated relations among them, as revealed in the recurrent crises in Poland, Hungary and Czechoslovakia.
Mr. Manzo struck Mr. Contey with a tire iron, according to the Jersey City police.
Baker Said to Avoid Issue And senior Administration officials and people close to the Saudi Government say both sides are eager to play down the impact of the banking scandal on American-Saudi relations.
"Molly's Pilgrim" (1983) is the story of a Jewish immigrant girl who enhances the meaning of Thanksgiving for her entire third-grade class; a movie version won an Academy Award in 1986 in the short-subject category.
"The amount of positive public exposure is far greater than what we would get through TV advertising," said Henry A. Fitzhugh, the Underground's communication director.
"After my first film, I never had another success," he said.
Like other labor-related organizations, the A.L.P.
Chairman of the Committee on State Security ANDROPOV K.G.B.
Limits of Technology At the Algonquin Gas Transmission Company, James F. Grasso, a spokesman, said the standard set for gas-powered turbines was lower than could be achieved with "reasonably available control technology," which is the standard called for in the Clean Air Act.
Alternative Called Worse But diplomats said the alternative is even worse.
Colville, near Spokane, is a Republican stronghold in nominally Democratic Washington.
The widening public deficits did not result in greater private saving, as some economists had predicted.
There is no equity committee in the T.W.A.
The estimated 90,000 people at the track, who were greeted before the race by Vice President Dan Quayle, who watched the first half of the race from a special box, cheered wildly for Hillin in relief of Allison, a local favorite from Hueytown, Ala. Two-time defending race and series champion Dale Earnhardt had another in a series of bad days.
When the school aid figures were released in December, the Republicans called the Quality Education Act a failure.
An alternative technology, backed by the natural gas industry, eliminates the compressor.
"It's unbelievable; I can't imagine a country hosting the Olympic Games can be so inhumane and insensitive," DeFrantz said today in Courchevel, where the I.O.C.
While the resolution is often compromise, it needn't be.
His grandfather, Domingo Nieves, said that Mr. Roldan had come out of group home a month ago after being convicted of selling crack.
Skillet Lickers to Crackerjacks But in 1929, Mr. Acuff suffered a series of sunstrokes and gave up his athletic career.
Why does my camera flash unit whine while charging?
The document each signed is known as a "Testing the Waters" Certification by Gubernatorial Candidates, and it requires the applicant to certify that he or she is a candidate for nomination.
The candidate's blunt-spoken father, former Gov.
Along with a lot of other bright shades, blue-green is In with a capital I.
Judge Bartels, who was appointed to the bench by President Dwight D. Eisenhower in 1959, expected to be having brunch with his two sons when he walked into the Gage & Tollner restaurant in Brooklyn on Sunday.
Add the Madeira to the pan, and cook over high heat, stirring to loosen any browned particles.
The Economy Retail sales rose for the fifth straight month in November, while consumer prices rose a modest 0.2 percent.
It has been a long way from Popsicle to pop star, but the Messiers have gone East, with the flow.
Perhaps the worst aspect of this reductive approach is that it turns the work of both artists, who were striving to free their pictures from depiction in order to express emotional and spiritual states, into illustrations of their lives.
Camps Here, Camps There Other countries in the region have not begun the kind of forced repatriation program that Hong Kong has initiated, and perhaps as a result it could take them longer to clear their camps.
Meandering through the audience with Renaissance street cries -- "bellows to mend," "fruit for sale," "wood to cleave" -- the chorus will perform works by two early English composers, "Cries of London" by Orlando Gibbons and "Fine Knacks for Ladies" by John Dowland.
Such a ramp, he said, would alleviate much of the congestion on Route 17 southbound where it meets Route 4.
But his host's mind is on other matters, and Mr. Clinton smiles his pleasant smile and plays the good guest.
All politicians grab credit from time to time, but Mr. D'Amato stands out as one who never misses an opportunity, no matter how measly the award.
National spending on personal health care grew by 10.7 percent, to $282 billion, last year.
Maine will be without its freshman scoring stars, Paul Karlya and Chris and Peter Ferraro, for the next six games.
Add the shrimp and saute until the shrimp turn opaque, about 3 minutes.
New York City accounts for an appallingly high percentage of these deaths, averaging 107 annually since 1980.
The group nonetheless recommended that vaccine manufacturing be changed, just to be safe in the future.
Turmoil in Markets Mr. Greenspan insisted, as he has in other recent Congressional testimony, that the Federal Reserve's recent interest rate cuts should suffice to pull the economy out of recession.
A20 FROM WELFARE ROLLS TO REFORMER Two decades ago Lynn Woolsey of Petaluma, Calif., was forced to go on welfare.
It is lung cancer, not breast cancer, that is now the number one cancer killer of American women.
New York is one of about 65 cities, counties and states that have finished or are conducting exhaustive studies to justify restoring their programs.
SHEEHAN'S SURGE FORCES PLAYOFF After a long rain delay, Patty Sheehan birdied the last two holes at the Oakmont Country Club in Pennsylvania to force an 18-hole playoff with Julie Inkster today for the United States Women's Open.
Another Contentious Measure Congress earlier today sent Mr. Bush another contentious measure, one that would regulate soaring cable television prices, and dared him to carry through on his veto threat.
Mr. Lynch was charged with stealing $40,150.
I'm just hoping that's going to continue."
As she works daily with his therapist, we feel Ellen trying to imagine how it feels to be Barry, to have the connection damaged between brain and muscle.
He also calls for the creation of a new civilian research agency, which would act like the Defense Advanced Research Projects Agency.
New Year's Eve trading in the cash market for Government securities stopped at 2 P.M., New York time.
The early days went fairly smoothly -- especially after Eric was assured that the fish were not piranhas and Norm understood that they would not be locked in the loft as with Biosphere 2.
The pro racing tours begin with a men's giant slalom and slalom at Alpine Meadows, Calif., today through Sunday and the same events for women at Mount Snow, Vt., from next Thursday until Dec. 13.
One team that did have a bit of trouble was the Duke Blue Devils, who played Rutgers at the Byrne Meadowlands Arena last night.
Dr. Clayman and graduated from the Tufts Dental School in 1934.
"He is not a prince of any kind," Michael declares.
"However, the stories currently being circulated about an investigation by this office of large-scale corruption in a large number of New York City police precincts require us to make a limited exception.
"I think that Ross Perot might be the kind of hard-hitting, young individual who could set up a pro-Vietnam Committee," Peter Flanigan, a White House aide wrote in June 1969, almost six months before the businessman was to begin his effort to help war prisoners.
By eliminating the need to have keyboard operators close to the mail, the video system should enable the Postal Service to consolidate such jobs among a few centrally situated workers.
Scheidt said Ashe would probably stay in the cardiac care unit at least until tomorrow, but not because he needs special care.
34 Moon intercepted 5 times in Oiler loss.
After graduating from the University of Southern Californa, he served in the Office of Strategic Services during World War II and made the propaganda film "Ring of Steel."
KEY ADDITION: Mitchell comes with two reputations.
A white journalist had been scheduled to interview Mr. Lee.
The junctions are made of proteins known as connexins that align to form a continuous channel.
The company said it earned $193.7 million (Australian), or $134.8 million (United States), in its first quarter ended in September, up from $106.5 million.
I was upset with Murphy, but that doesn't matter.
In addition to the Spacelifter rocket, the panel recommended creating a single, independent "space launch authority" with one person in charge of all military, civilian and commercial rocket launchings.
His mother, Cornelia McGuinness, who is retired, was a planner in the Nassau County Transportation Department.
"We have, I must admit, sometimes failed to act on those early warnings."
The apartments may use up to 8 1/3 percent of that amount a year -- $21,400 -- as a credit to reduce annual taxes until 50 percent of the total is reached.
Just to the north of St. John's Wood, around the corner from the West Hampstead Underground stop, is a two-story red brick building that witnessed one of pop music's most fabled miscalculations.
It also includes a tour of the historic Federal mansion on Route 9D in Garrison-on-Hudson.
The gain in the Dow outpaced the broader market averages.
b-Net loss and included a $ 1 million charge related to the company's share of equity losses from Concord Resources Group, its joint venture with Consolidated Rail Corp.
It's a matter of respect, manager to player, and you've got to respect your players."
But Mr. Heyward said this show was mostly new reporting.
Hopelessly Stuck for Hours For a few frustrating hours yesterday the tether, only one-tenth of an inch thick, appeared to be stuck hopelessly.
The plunge spilled over to wheat and corn futures.
Miller reports an episode of interest to students of vivid figures of speech in general, and of Southern American dialect in particular.
"The cleaning bills wiped out my profit of a few hundred dollars," she said.
Sandi Gibbons, spokeswoman for District Attorney Ira Reiner, said Mr. White was chosen because of his newness.
As the World Women's Congress Action Agenda puts it, "it is the number of people plus their consumption of resources plus their wastes that determine their environment impact" -- which means that smaller populations in northern industrialized countries produce far more environmental wreckage than their poorer, more populated counterparts in the south.
Calls for something to stop the fundamentalist victory have also been heard from the independent press, which has sprouted over the last two years since Algeria introduced multi-party democracy.
Polls in Britain consistently show that most Britons want their troops to come home.
In addition, union membership, which is practically synonymous with pension coverage, has fallen sharply among its biggest beneficiaries, the young and less educated, for reasons that include a less favorable legal climate for unions and fierce foreign competition.
"We are very dependent on our ability to be competitive on a worldwide basis."
That, at least, was part of the account that publicists for Mr. McLaughlin beamed eagerly to reporters by facsimile under the headline "Mexico Won't Renegotiate N.A.F.T.A.
Minnesota Vikings The Vikings can win their way into the playoffs and clinch their first division title since 1989 by beating the Eagles.
It need not be so.
Whereas the entire Soviet Union might have been judged to have a larger economy than Britain or France, thereby giving it the basis to claim a powerful permanent seat on the lending institution's executive board, Russia by itself does not have so large an economy.
But I talked with several members of our bar in California and Detroit, and they said their courts it is not an unusual sight to see an attorney wearing a kente cloth, and no one says anything."
The economic slowdown in 1989 was generally greeted with relief, as a lesser-of-possible-evils "soft landing" from the fiscal excesses and unprecedented consumer spending levels of the Reagan years.
("Ah, these English," reflects Goethe.
3 Saudi Arabia is accused of deficiencies in basic civic rights.
The company's premium brands include Winston, Salem, Camel, Vantage, Now and More.
One makes a protein that binds to a cellular protein that stops cell division, said Dr. Arthur Levine, professor and chairman of the department of molecular biology at Princeton University.
JIM CALDWELL, for the past seven years an assistant under Penn State Coach JOE PATERNO, was named football coach at Wake Forest.
Would this happen to Madonna?
Should investors follow their hearts and stay out of the market, or follow their heads and heed the call of the more bullish signals?
Most towers are reachable by ordinary vehicles.
Ms. Mnouchkine's artistic ideology shapes "Les Atrides" far more than her politics does, however.
First Worldwide Auto Sales, 186-45 Merrick Boulevard, Springfield Gardens, Queens.
*3*** COMPANY REPORTS ** View Full Article in Timesmachine »
The findings were sent to Sergeant Martinez's unit for further action.
9 DISPUTE OVER BRONX DEBATE A debate between the Democratic Presidential candidates planned for next week in the Bronx has prompted a prickly dispute between one of its organizers and Mayor David N. Dinkins of New York.
The same dollars invested in rapid transit or housing or fiber-optic networks, they say, might have created more jobs and more national wealth than the investment in weaponry.
"I don't know where everything is in my car," he said.
It's been a tough road and it's easy to second-guess, but you have to assess who you are now."
It also appears farther west, in Lombardy.
In September, ferries leave Naples daily at 6:30, 8:55, 9:10 and 11:40 A.M. and at 2:30 (3 P.M. on Sunday), 4:35, 5:30, 7:30 and 11 P.M. From Ischia to Naples, ferries leave in September daily at 6:20, 7 and 10:40 A.M. and 12:20, 3, 5:25, 7:15 and 9:10 P.M.
Helicopters dropped water in an attempt to protect the large trees where logging companies and the spotted owl, an endangered species, normally compete for resources.
The Regents, in an effort to simplify things for local school districts, have also recommended that the dozens of local aid formulas be combined into three.
It had been a mistake, he said, to go to the kosher restaurant.
"When Karzan comes home he is cold and hungry," said Nachine Hamed of her 7-year-old son.
Memorex Telex N.V. today filed a creditor-approved bankruptcy reorganization plan to trim its debt and possibly go public.
How many of those women are getting professional help?
The indictment implied that prosecutors strongly suspected that Mr. Weinberger's efforts to conceal his knowledge of the affair were part of a pattern of actions by top Reagan aides trying to cover up the President's role in the arms sales to Iran.
named the lawsuit as the most immediate problem confronting the Tour.
16 * 1 FATHER MELANCHOLY'S DAUGHTER, by Gail Godwin.
Adjustable-rate mortgage funds rose 2.03 percent.
She said she ruled out the large ones because, exhausted from coping with the death throes of Levine, Huntley, "I didn't have the energy to fight a bureaucracy."
The triumph of its propaganda can be seen in your acceptance of the Kuomintang line on the election outcome.
The Knicks and Riley searched for solutions during today's practice.
The River Cafe has an excellent wine list, especially among California producers.
The Audubon plan had to survive a controversy of its own, since Columbia began by proposing to raze the old structure entirely.
I became my own jailer early on, meticulously drafting time-efficient schedules.
Some envisage a Balkan common market, others a loose confederation in which the republics now pressing for independence would submerge themselves in return for guarantees against Serb domination.
Naturally, the hero will fall in love with a prostitute (Bai Ling), and he and the bigot (Kevin O'Keefe) will come to blows.
One owner, Jean Horton, was moving patio furniture inside.
Columbus Day Comes Early Dierdorf, incidentally, will team up on Saturday with his former Michigan coach, Bo Schembechler, to call ABC's Bowling Green-Ohio State game at Columbus (on ABC regionally, or on pay-per-view).
Later, he became an editor.
Japan's postwar Constitution prohibits the use of military force for resolving international disputes.
: 125 Years of Musical Theater," an exhibition sponsored by I.B.M.
"We gave an incentive for the average citizen -- the poor -- to get involved in politics," said James R. McManus, a Manhattan Democratic district leader whose great uncle was a fabled district leader of Tammany Hall.
With a low leaping tackle, he forced a fumble by Packer running back Vince Workman that positioned the Giants' first touchdown.
I've got to get down there.
Kenneth N. Gilpin: Credit Markets.
But in Montreal "the Dark Destroyer" was lionized.
Ms. Goldberg doesn't strive for timeliness in her guest selection, having taped nine shows a week for four months, a supply that will last the rest of the season.
But in his carefully crafted speeches, Mr. Greenspan has also said the Federal Reserve's recent series of interest rate cuts should suffice.
The shutter-speed range is from 30 seconds to one eight-thousndth of a second, and the autofocus system operates 50 percent faster than previous Pentax power lenses.
Mr. Najibullah has not responded to his declaration of autonomy.
And for restorations of old houses, companies like Mr. Blum's are a useful source for doorknobs, hinges, stained-glass windows and similar accessories.
Nagle faded to throw inside his own 5-yard line and was avalanched by defensive tackle Marc Boutte.
Mr. Schwammberger fought extradition for two years and was not brought to Germany until May 1990.
Hold a level against the underside of the header to make sure it is horizontal and then fasten the header to the trimmers by nailing, also according to the instructions.
In late 1989, as Willow Run was being retooled to trade the popular Pontiac Bonneville for the Caprice, G.M.
Long, decide which AIDS treatments should be examined in studies supported by tax dollars.
I couldn't ask for a better day or better circumstances.
South overbids slightly by opening one no-trump, with a hand slightly below the normal requirements.
Andrew Shore, an analyst with Prudential Securities, said the business of the two companies were complementary.
Sent David Hulse, outfielder, to Oklahoma.
Schourek Saves the Day The game, anyway, was won on the strength of a sensational relief performance by rookie Pete Schourek.
A few money-saving tips: The main subway stations sell one-day, all-you-can-ride passes.
The following year, that series and others, including "Dance in America," were brought under the umbrella title of "Great Performances," produced by WNET and underwritten by Exxon on a 39-week basis, an enlightened corporate-identity relationship that would last for 15 years.
Michael Matz rode Heisman to his fourth consecutive clean trial today to qualify for the five-member United States Olympic show-jumping team.
But now, with the country set for formal division at the turn of the year and the harsh realities of capitalism being felt everywhere, the Czech Philharmonic has fallen on perilous times.
And the mercury seemed stuck at about 45 degrees.
Nutri/ System is conducting research in collaboration with scientists at a major university, said Delphine Carroll, a company spokesperson.
In the past, China sometimes waited for days before releasing news about disasters.
Joe Flood, a singer and guitarist with the local band Mumbo Gumbo, opened the show with a solo acoustic set.
It is a wonder they don't drown.
'We Have Two Cultures' Mr. Quayle's speech, in which he criticized abortion, homosexual parents and sex education in elementary schools, also reflected the increasing urgency that the White House has assigned to shoring up its sagging conservative base in the face of the unexpectedly strong challenge from Ross Perot, the undeclared independent candidate.
"A co-op board would, for example, be able to assess owners of ground-floor apartments for the cost of installing or replacing an elevator, even though they would probably not use it.
It is convenient to Washington, where the F.C.C.
I'm just a friend who's had some different experiences."
As a result, billings have soared from $41 million in 1989, when Mr. Eskandarian opened for business, to an estimated $245 million.
A miniature of two deers, painted in the late 16th century, shows them against a plain aquamarine ground.
Then, when home, the buyer must mail the receipt back to the store within 90 days of the purchase, and the vendor will have the V.A.T.
The company is listed on the Nasdaq National Market System.
Its sales here more than doubled from 1989 to 1991, to $113 million, and Mr. Killingstad said they are expected to double again by the end of 1994.
And they involved a bitter fight between two of the men -- Steinbrenner and Kleinman -- over the course of a lawsuit that Steinbrenner had been financing on Kleinman's behalf.
And the 5 3/4 percent two-year notes were offered at 101 5/32 , down 2/32 , to yield 5.12 percent.
Local Chinese authorities are often much less concerned with preserving their culture than the central Government.
That's the Azzedine Alaia school of design.
Also, some assembly is required, so be ready at least to wield a hammer and screwdriver.
Describing indigenous people as "the poorest, most discriminated against and disadvantaged groups of society," Erica-Irene A. Daes, chairwoman of the United Nations' working group on indigenous populations, said the document would set international standards for the protection of the rights of indigenous people to their land, resources, culture and to self-government.
"IT was almost a giveaway," said Ted Surh, Beacon's director of finance and administration.
Since most appliances are smaller and cheaper to replace than bathtubs, refinishing them costs less.
Al Atheer was undamaged in the gulf war because the allies did not realize at the time that it was where Iraq planned to build and test a bomb.
Senator Biden joined the Federal judge in the Atlanta case and the easily spurned House Judiciary Committee in calling for an independent counsel.
The reason for the discrepancy was that the apartment's former tenant shareholder, who also owned a neighboring unit, had moved a dividing wall, thereby reducing my space by about 24 square feet.
It's neat and clean, but it sure isn't country.
Taiwan Aerospace is a newly formed venture that is 29 percent owned by the Government of Taiwan.
"In many ways, a driver is a manager," said Mayer, who has worked with Niki Lauda of Austria, James Hunt of England and Alain Prost of France, each a world champion in Formula One.
No American has ever taken a medal in the Nordic combined (ski-jumping coupled with cross-country skiing), and it has been 68 years since an American won this country's one and only medal -- a bronze -- in ski jumping.
The couple, both 25 years old, are graduates of Johns Hopkins University.
"Their incomes went down, their taxes went up," he said.
Another planned high point of the summit meeting, a treaty to protect the world's animal and plant species, is being fundamentally changed.
But the company is not considering solar cells for the Impact.
He had been executive in charge of the corporate communications staff when it was restructured in July.
It was in Royan, on the Atlantic coast of France, that he took stock of the disasters of World War II in 1940.
"He called it straight and did it in a way that was highly quotable.
"Our residents recognize that this money, in the right hands, could do a world of good instead of being good only for the underworld, as it is now."
Certain fears have hardened into convictions.
He died of heart failure, his family said.
The head of the Children's Defense Fund offers rules to live by for her own children and others'.
Nationwide, about a quarter of TB cases are among the foreign-born.
"Hey, Jerry may be right about all this," he said.
Kissing a reporter after an interview is inappropriate license.
"Most people in West Virginia are independent cusses," Mr. Cline said.
By contrast, many voters said they have struggled over whom to vote for in the Presidential race precisely because they do see something good in each man.
The Edison plant is to be used to print some sections of the Sunday paper in color, as well as some copies of the daily paper in black and white.
Support for Mr. Perot's independent candidacy, which experienced a nationwide surge after his showing in the Presidential debates, has rated as high as 18 percent in some New Jersey opinion surveys recently.
"PHILANTHROPY, plus 5 percent" was Alfred T. White's motto in 1890 when he built the limited-profit model tenements called the Riverside Buildings.
In September in Europe, "People just stopped buying things," said Frank Metz, I.B.M.
Dennis Eckersley has a league-high 36 saves, second baseman Bordick has been among the league's top hitters all season, and McGwire has bounced back from a horrid 1991 season to 35 home runs, including two Friday night in an 8-6 victory here over the Kansas City Royals.
"The first meetings were rough," he said.
"I think the most cost-effective thing we can do is to help Russia get through the transition successfully," he said.
"He should pay $7.50 like everyone else."
The Australian Government selected a $450 million bid from British Airways over a bid of undisclosed size from Singapore Airlines for the stake in Qantas, which the Government is selling in stages to private investors.
Tulips vs. Maples City foresters are working slowly to reintroduce native plants and give them an edge against the exotics.
But that only stoked the emerging Democratic criticism that the Bush Presidency was out of touch, focused on issues abroad at a time of crisis at home.
The pitching situation is much drearier.
The group also liked, to a lesser degree, his cabernet sauvignon glass, which is designed to play down the bitterness of the tannins present in young red wines.
And using songs by Charles Ives and small cycles by Benjamin Britten, Michael Tippett and Ralph Vaughan Williams, he presented a sequence that had the depth and perspective of a unified cycle.
Villanova's six-game winning streak was gone, too.
During the cold war, international tensions made oil a strategic asset and provided a rationale for Washington to encourage domestic drilling even if it was uneconomical.
Their vision is that the midtown market, at its own perhaps erratic pace, is taking a gradual long-term move westward from the Grand Central Terminal and Third Avenue areas of midtown.
Her father is a senior consultant at Foster Wheeler, a mining and engineering company in Clinton, N.J.
The need to prevent the deficit from exceeding this year's estimated $125 billion is regarded by some industrialists as a central challenge.
About 11 A.M. he set out with a friend, Saud Zukic, also 23, and the two traveled three miles, dashing across cross streets that offer clear sightlines to the hillsides on the city's southern side and to high-rise apartment buildings that have been the favored hide-outs of Serbian snipers.
"I'm not going to talk about individual opinions discussed in our decision-making," Grieve said.
Quality and Efficiency "The steel made in the United States is equal in quality to steel made anywhere in the world now," said James M. Glazebrook, director of the General Electric Company's trading operation.
Most of those arrested have refused to post bail and are still in police custody.
The Fact According to the Congressional Budget Office, the richest 20 percent of families took more than 100 percent of the growth in average family income.
Disagreement over implant safety has simmered since the 1960's, when scientists introduced them to replace injections of liquid silicone, which in some cases had led to disfigurement and sores that would not heal.
"It is only slightly less terrible" than the original bill, said Bill McCloskey, a spokesman for the BellSouth Corporation.
Mr. Stangl made it clear, in a briefing on the plan at his office at M.T.A.
LA FROMAGERIE, 1374 Madison Avenue (95th Street), Manhattan: ham sandwiches, baked ham.
For instance, a recent article asserting that Mr. Gorbachev's villa on the coast of Crimea was available for rent turned out to be untrue.
Court returns baby to a teen-age mother.
People calling from a rotary-dial telephone were told the campaign was not equipped to handle such calls.
"We charter a new chapter every 10 or 12 days."
He glided toward Route 4, making a perfect landing, witnesses said.
Robert W. Russell, a writer for films and the Broadway theater, died on Tuesday at Roosevelt Hospital in Manhattan.
In the study, reported in the February issue of The Archives of General Psychiatry, Dr.
"Most proprietary leases call for fines for late maintenance payments," said Mr. Weinstein, "which are determined on a per-share basis.
After claiming the first set when Pierce sailed a backhand long, Capriati broke for 1-0 when Pierce bobbled a forehand volley and used two aces to help her hold serve for 2-0.
Mr. Arias was Harvard's speaker in 1988, the year after he received the Nobel Peace prize.
doorman, Central Park view; maintenance $825, 43% tax-deductible (Broker: Hunt Kennedy) BRONX Kingsbridge 190,000 124 Van Cortlandt Avenue West 3 bedrooms, 1 1/2 baths, dining room in primary duplex unit; 1 bedroom, 1 bath, dining area in simplex; 1-car garage, 25- by 100-ft. lot; taxes $1,561 (Broker: Charles G. Brophy) Riverdale 220,000 3610 Irwin Avenue 3 bedrooms in primary unit; 2 bedrooms, 2 terraces in other; 1 bath in each; hospitality suite in finished basement, 1-car garage, 1/4 acre lot; taxes $1,820 (Broker: Marilyn & Morris B. Sopher) BROOKLYN Ditmas Park 262,500 101 Marlboro Road 3-bedroom, 2-bath, single-family, detached, frame house; dining room, 2 fireplaces, sunroom, remodeled kitched, finished attic, 1-car garage, 60- by 100-ft. lot; taxes $1,900 (Broker: Brooklyn Properties of 7th Avenue) Park Slope 685,000 238 Berkley Place 2-family, 5-story, brownstone; 5 bedrooms, 3 baths, double parlor, rear deck in primary unit; 1 bedroom, 1 bath; original moldings and details in each; 20- by 100-ft. lot; taxes $2,885 (Broker: F.J. Kazeroid Realty Group) Sheepshead Bay 205,000 2134 East 29th Street 3-bedroom, 2 1/2-bath, single-family, attached, brick house; dining room, finished basement, 1-car garage, 18- by 100-ft. lot; taxes $1,200 (Broker: Homes R' Beautiful) QUEENS Astoria 97,000 21-30 79th Street (Garden Bay Manor) 2-bedroom, 1-bath, 851-sq.-ft. postwar condo; dining room, basement storage room, 2 exposures; common charge $365, taxes $1,065 (Broker: Rose Marie Realty) Bayside 217,500 45-34 Oceania Street 2-family, semi-attached, brick house; 3 bedrooms, 2 baths in primary unit; 2 bedrooms, 1 bath in other, dining room in each; 1-car garage, 29- by 100-ft. lot; taxes $2,800 (Broker: Kremer Realty) STATEN ISLAND Grant City 125,000 49 Highland Place 3-bedroom, 2-bath, single-family, semi-attached, brick house; dining room, den, 1-car garage, 20- by 100-ft. lot; taxes $1,100 (Broker: Salmon Real Estate) Oakwood 155,000 312 Isabella Avenue 4-bedroom, 2-bath, single-family, detached, colonial; dining area, den, full basement, 1-car garage, 50- by 100-ft. lot; taxes $1,200 (Broker: Kingsley Real Estate)
"He's probably afraid to tell them because he feels he'd be rejected by them.
Notre Dame, after all, was appearing in the building for the 62d time, coming in with 43 victories here.
All across the state, programs for all, from elementary through high school, are being curtailed.
* Pergament Home Centers, Melville, L.I., to Moss & Company, New York, for radio and television advertising.
The drop in incomes has driven hundreds of clamdiggers into other occupations in recent years, and only a dozen others could be seen in the expanse of the Bay on that recent morning.
But one thing is sure -- everything that made for the Los Angeles riot still exists in cities around the country.
The front, hurt by the loss and under pressure from the army, has since declared that it is ready for a peaceful settlement.
Because Honda builds engines in Ohio, its North American content is higher than Toyota's or Nissan's.
RAINBOW TECHNOLOGIES INC., Irvine, Calif., a computer-related security products concern, acquired Microphar S.A. in an exchange of approximately $14.5 million and 283,000 Rainbow restricted shares.
Joe Mott, who is trying to come back from reconstructive knee surgery, isn't a lock, but he has experience.
After weeks of anticipation, members of both houses gathered today in the Assembly chamber to hear Mr. Haytaian and the Senate President, Donald T. DiFrancesco, deliver political speeches about the budget but offer no details.
Morgan was 5-0 during May with a 2.32 earned run average.
It plays a recorded sales pitch from an ordinary audio cassette.
Lite Light hadn't raced in a year because of injuries and hadn't won in 14 months.
One program featured a storyteller who related creation myths.
WEDNESDAY -- Mayor David N. Dinkins and his wife, Joyce, celebrated the 100th telecast of "Live!
The Kiplings departed so hurriedly they left behind their furniture, family photographs and the box in the bank.
The dollar ended mostly lower on worldwide markets yesterday, reflecting concerns about interest rates here and in Germany.
He is the sole owner of Woodward & Lothrop, the Washington-based department store chain, and Wanamaker, the Philadelphia-based chain.
For many individual workers, like Michael Martin, diversification means deciding whether to abandon the home state or stick it out.
Mr. Cochran, who lives here with his wife, a bank auditor, and their three sons, says he can't afford to pay the court costs from his $2,800-a-month disability payments and his wife's $9,000 annual salary.
I went back and forth."
In Central Park, Charles Gifford and his wife, Jerrilynn Dodds, both 41, sat playing with their two sons, Sandy, 7, and Theo, 2, on the patio of the Zoo Cafe.
New Meaning for 'No Sweat' The affliction is pandysautonomia, a disorder that destroys nerve cells and prevents Nichols from perspiring.
New York State executive law sec.
Kitt came nowhere close to a medal of any type but Weinbrecht followed form and made West Milford, N.J., proud by winning a gold in the debut of mogul skiing as a medal sport.
Activated Rick Graf, linebacker, from the injured reserve.
But William Diaz, the New York City coordinator of the Guardian Angels, said that did not hold true for the Ninth Precinct.
Despite a personal appeal by Prime Minister John Major of Britain to President Bush to approve a proposed alliance between British Airways and the USAir Group, both supporters and opponents of the deal said today that it was increasingly likely that the United States would block the transaction.
While we may conclude with certainty that Malcolm X had rejected the whites-are-devils pronouncements that helped to focus his earlier life and brought him the attention and vilification of a nation, we are brought up short when trying to deal definitively with the universal humanitarianism of his latter days.
In the end, Mr. Agnew pleaded not guilty to one count of tax evasion for not reporting the income from bribes.
Part of it is information while another part is demonstrating to people healthy family-oriented activities that can take place without alcohol."
"And the husband is a combination of king and loafer," said Isabel Zambrana, a social worker in the forensic section of the Federal Court.
Weeks This Last On Week Week List Advice, How-to and Miscellaneous 1 5 2 CREATING LOVE, by John Bradshaw.
A MOTHER'S LETTERS It was quite shocking in 1855 for a woman of barely 30, or any age, to sail away on a Mystic clipper ship to Hawaii, even with her husband as captain.
The box office number is 251-6200.
"The best," he said, "is when there's chemistry between the musicians and something happens that we all know will never be repeated."
Roper Industries, 2.5 million shares.
It's become so well known, The Jersey Journal uses "ICO" in headlines.
"Her best friend is her audience."
I don't want us to die."
"We will continue full speed ahead," he said in an interview last week.
Again, after 34 d5 Be5 35 Ne5, sharp-eyed Gulko avoided trouble from 35 .
If President Bush is the Earth Summit's villain -- "Uncle Grubby," the Brazilian press calls him -- the Europeans and Japanese are its heroes.
"I have become convinced," he had said, "that we blacks spend too much time on the playing field and too little in the libraries."
"All the difference in the world from last spring," Guy Hansen, the Royals' pitching coach, said in Haines City, Fla. "Now he's turning it loose.
The Toronto Blue Jays' decision to protect other players and not Nigel Wilson, a Canadian outfielder, who hit 34 doubles, 7 triples and 26 home runs for Class AA Knoxville, has led to suspicion that they have a trade worked out with California for Jim Abbott, the left-handed pitcher the Yankees have sought.
PC or Macintosh owners who have a CD-ROM drive can plug in this disk, which resembles an audio CD, type a key word or two, and either send the text to the printer or read it on screen.
A free throw by Charles Smith made it 98-98 and, for a moment, it actually appeared that Anthony might be a hero.
Unlike Mr. Yeltsin, Mr. Gorbachev was never elected by popular vote.
Return the blended liquid to the saucepan, and add the lemon juice and more salt and pepper to taste.
Mr. Aspin, who is chairman of the House Armed Services Committee, is calling for a military total of $275 billion.
This time, the Americans looked and played the part of honorable statesmen, dressed in sober navy and burgundy and acting respectfully.
Coleman's 17-foot jumper with 1 minute 4 seconds left in the game and 2 seconds on the shot clock proved to be the game-winner, putting the Nets in the lead at 97-96.
Her mother, Denise O'Hearn, is the managing director of T. Barile & Associates, an executive search company in New York.
But people are people," said Captain Palazzo, a former head of the department's bias unit.
Cracked or crumbling mortar has to be replaced.
As part of the new disclosure requirements, which are expected to be formally adopted by the commission in time for annual meetings in the spring of 1993, publicly traded companies would have to show executive pay against company performance.
In "The Melville Boys" by Norm Foster there is a distinct dichotomy between the play and the production.
He flew to Australia to see what Australian Broadcasting was doing and then came back with his own vision: a store that sold products that emphasize learning.
Matz, who was competing yesterday in Gladstone, N.J., was also perfect at trials Wednesday in Gladstone and May 30 in Devon, Pa.
"As the Mayor and chief executive officer of this city, this is my function and obligation."
Unemployment is up, personal income is down, bankruptcies are up, housing starts are down.
"People come to me and say, 'I bought a car and then I found out it was stolen.'
The Inspector General found that the center had "not acted as a responsible contractor" and urged that the firm be barred from future contracts.
FANTASTIC FINISH: Jorge Mendez (8 of 15 for 134 yards) connected three times with Andres Ortez in the end zone, including the game-winner with 1 minute 1 second to play to catapult CLINTON (2-0) over WASHINGTON (1-4-1), 26-20.
Everybody in this room right now, everybody tries to make this school a little bit better.
Mr. Maunsell was being pursued by creditors for the entire amount of loans taken out by an investment group in which he was a partner, Mr. Bergin said.
He could go to prison for up to 60 years, though there was speculation he may get only 7 when he is sentenced on March 6.
Sir Brian and other experts have gone further, calling for a United Nations rapid deployment force able to intervene in countries like Somalia, where all semblance of government has collapsed amid civil war.
The Drexel-Milken effort failed all these key tests.
infection, which, like Hepatitis B, is transmitted through blood or semen.
March Wednesday Construction Spending .
Bogner also has a Hawaiian-inspired style that feature hibiscus flowers and hula dancers in colors like seafoam green and orange.
"One Sunday afternoon in August, 1937," he writes in a story called "A Mess of Clams," "I placed third in a clam-eating tournament at a Block Island clambake, eating 84 cherries.
Participants in the secondary market for investment-grade corporate bonds said prices of most issues dipped by 1/8 of a point to 1/4 of a point in light trading.
Tickets, $175, from (212) 571-0617.
The Mayfair Lounge proved to be a thoroughly English setting, with palm plants, an elegant coffered ceiling and a giant vase of spring flowers, including forsythia, which nearly reached over our heads.
Hoppe, still suffering from a five-week-old hamstring strain, placed third to Rudi Lochner and Christoph Langen in a three-sled raceoff for the two German berths.
Chief Gates, whose job is protected by civil service rules, has served for 14 years.
"It's not an easy job and I have apprehensions from time to time," he said.
Finally, a child has come to Theresa and Kenneth Orzechowski.
The misdemeanor charge carries a fine of up to $1,000 and a jail term of up to 90 days.
Other Federal programs will provide additional help, such as reimbursements to homeowners for uninsured losses of up to $11,500 for each household and Small Business Administration loans of up to $500,000.
Justice Thomas -- $65,000 to $165,000.
Mr. Foreman and other opponents say that is exactly the problem.
If I have a problem, I talk it over with my sisters.
A lodge that was once a camp for girls and boys, built by the W.P.A.
"We as Democrats are committed to prompt passage of an economic recovery program," Mr. Gephardt said.
It was as if galaxies could travel only at specific speeds, jumping abruptly from one speed to another, without passing through the intermediate speeds.
"It's safe to say that was our worst period of the season.
Iraq, the 13th member, is forbidden by the United Nations to export oil and therefore was not a factor in the deliberations here.
National Transportation Safety Board officials were sent to investigate, spokesman Michael Benson said.
"The Shining Path needs a newspaper now.
Speaking early last month, Mr. Mehta said there were parts of "Eclairs" he had still not figured out how to conduct.
The probability of Keshmiri's missing the Olympics was reflected in a statement issued by his lawyer, Bob Duplantis.
By contrast, members of Congress favoring pre-emption were outraged that the bill did not become law.
When she accidentally slid off a chair, she showed only a slight knowing smile as she continued singing, waiting for the right musical moment to rise to her feet.
Continental has been negotiating for months with Mr. Hurwitz to buy a stake.
"My fight was against equating your life with jobs.
The festival was started in 1972 so local merchants could profit off Gay Pride Day and to give people who did not feel comfortable marching a place to celebrate, said Candida Scott Piel, who ran the Gay Pride March for many years.
In Dobrinja, a district near Butmir Airport in the southwest part of the city, Bosnian forces that had been surrounded by Serbian fighters for three weeks tried to break free in clashes that brought heavy casualties.
How can a reader know that?
I'd love Buffalo to win as a gesture to a tough old northern town that could use a couple of happy hours, plus the Bills are the only football team I know that play their games in my home state.
The 3 women will join 24 other women in the Assembly, 21 of whom are Democrats, the largest number of women ever represented in the Assembly.
Transit officials say that they recognize that vans have become a permanent feature of Queens and Brooklyn commuting and that improving regulation will help the city achieve a balance of public and private transportation.
The 75-minute program, which has a short intermission, takes place in the comfortable Kaufmann Concert Hall Sunday at 2 P.M. Tickets are $10.
Majolica, a term originally applied to the Spanish tin-glazed earthenware exported from Majorca to Italy in the late Middle Ages, has come to describe all such vividly painted vessels, especially those produced in Italy between the 15th and 18th centuries.
This film has no rating.
The first international study of major depression reveals a steady rise in the disorder worldwide.
The solution is a strangely awkward, oddly constructed sentence: 'The nigger was still taking her out and I looked and saw he had seen a patch of flying fish burst out ahead.'
But some of the southerly villages have their magic, too.
Jiangxi is a poor, landlocked area that early in the century was a Communist guerrilla base.
"The code is designed to throw off some of the old goats."
Dierdorf and Frank Gifford are not upset to see it gone.
Acheson missed power and was determined to make his influence felt.
"When you see Marissa walking down the aisle as flower girl," Dr. Brutoco said, "you have to realize that either girl wouldn't be here without the other."
Of the Porter profiles that have since emerged, seven are in the Egan collection.
The figures are still small.
If he is often at center stage, he suggested, it is simply because he is diligently fulfilling the defense lawyer's role.
Miss Herman is survived by a brother, Harold Herman of Brooklyn.
They then mentally rehearse those new scripts each day on their own.
Trim foliage back about two feet in breezy locations, and more in corners where air is still.
The food is excellent and creative, with Thai, Japanese and American Southern overtones.
Construction workers suffered a 6.6 percent income decline.
I laid it down yesterday.
Much of her writing focused on the Archdiocese of New York, including "A Cathedral of Suitable Magnificence" (St. Patrick's, 1984).
He was 76 years old and lived in Lawrence, N.Y. Mr. Ginsburg died of heart failure after a brief illness, said his son, Paul.
To mark the occasion, Istanbul's Jews are restoring one of the city's oldest active synagogues, the 15th-century Ahrida synagogue, which predates the Ottoman capture of the city from the Byzantines in 1453.
That happened when I was President and so I'm very proud of the way that came about and I think it's a very, very good beginning.
And they leaped on an afternoon report showing weak retail-store sales, sending prices of bonds and notes higher.
The spheres will stand out of doors in a courtyard at the Honolulu Academy of Art, placed downward on the grass so water cannot collect in them.
Many followers, who call themselves "Ramsters," have moved to Yelm, acting on prophecies from Ms. Knight that the Pacific Northwest is a safe haven from natural disasters, or from space invaders.
The damage was done last Sunday, when about 70 members of the youth group descended on the Mayrieres cave near the village of Bruniquel, armed with steel brushes to clean up graffiti.
It is in Dr. Banda that the country found disciplined and resolute political leadership to tackle its daunting economic and social problems.
The packet flies to the nearest network antenna, which sends it over a dedicated telephone line to the network's local switching center.
We have to worry about the future.
East is East and West is West and never the twain shall meet.
Mr. Collor is currently being investigated by a congressional panel on charges that he tolerated a vast influence-peddling and kickback scheme run by one of his closest associates, Paulo Cesar Farias, and received millions of dollars from Mr. Farias for household expenses.
"It used to refer to that whole body of work that became familiar to and then was co-opted by white middle-class interpreters," he observed recently.
Beginning next year, the 53-story tower may not have enough cash to make bond payments, and it has an asbestos problem that will cost at least $20 a square foot to clean up.
The Canadian Press news agency reported 26 miners trapped.
You cite the need for "fundamental reform" of "quasi-feudal" Philippine society.
And then her husband hit Martha for the last time.
A more subtle problem is the social stress caused by the journey from remote farming villages in northern Ethiopia to Addis Ababa and then to Israel.
He died of pancreatic cancer, said a son, William M. 3d, of Kingston, Jamaica, who is a Foreign Service officer.
The company joined forces with a consortium of Mexican businesses and France Telecom to purchase a controlling interest in Mexico's national phone company.
For a company that used to debate pricing changes for months, the rapid response served notice that the giant was no longer asleep.
Ms. Pittman, no what-ifer, takes the Zen view.
Steven Gravitz, a computer graphics specialist who lives across the street, said: "I noticed mannequins in the window with feathered headdresses and pink wigs.
The ratings agency also increased the commercial-paper rating to Prime-1 from Prime-2.
Boston College (8-4) has had its own problems at the post position.
The medieval trial by fire has become today's media trial by electronic fire; and he survived.
JOHNNIE D. JOHNSON & CO., New York, an investor relations firm, named Caroline Sharfman Bacon managing director.
But the law limits the excess escrow payments to a sixth of the anticipated escrow charges, a limit that has been broken by lenders across the country, the Attorneys General said.
Dealing only with the troublemakers wears an officer down, but having the freedom to help the good people help themselves is rewarding, he said.
Mr. Jacobs contended that "You Bet Your Life" would right itself and slowly build popularity.
She has bought the dress, a two-piece suit of eggshell brocade embroidered with diamonds and pearls.
There is also a big market for antique bathroom fixtures salvaged from junkyards and demolition projects.
Anyone who grows that beautiful old poppy, Papaver somniferum, is breaking the Federal law.
"I'm hoping that won't happen here," said one school safety officer, a 35-year-old woman in a blue blazer and gray slacks, who has worked at Eastern District for one and a half years.
His objective against Bowe will be to throw and land punches in volume -- to beat the bigger man to the trigger and then wear him down through a furious pace.
Like dolphins, humans evolved in highly social conditions where kin, friends and foes are all mingled together, and the resources an individual could afford to share today might become dangerously scarce tomorrow, igniting conflict.
She is a daughter of the late James and Pearl Leslie of New York.
One lesson comes through loud and clear.
In spring, he explained, there's this tug of war between the warmth of summer and the cold air of winter.
Harris joined the club in January from the University of Pacific, which had a 3,500-yard passer in Troy Kopp, and ranked second in the nation in total yardage.
What does this say about relations between students and those intending to provide for their welfare?
The Dow rose 22.94, to 3,376.03.
Net advertising proceeds from the broadcast are to be donated to the Design Industries Foundation for AIDS, which makes grants to organizations across the country for education, prevention and support services.
But not owning property in common does have its drawbacks.
It reduced its discount rate, the rate at which it lends money to banks, to 3 1/2 percent, and the Federal funds rate, the rate that banks lend money to each other, to 4 percent.
We feel happy to make it to the finals every year, but we have no illusions about the quality of the debating teams sent out by the public schools.
A sharecropper's son born in 1906 near Ellijay, Ga., Mr. West attended Lincoln Memorial University and graduated from Vanderbilt Divinity School.
The teacher of defiance was her father, Michael Higgins, a ne'er-do-well stonecutter who was an apostate Roman Catholic, militant freethinker, labor-rights advocate and social pariah.
Such people are already losing ground to a growing corps of managers, entrepreneurs, merchants, consultants, traders and others nimble enough to make money in the new capitalism.
Ending a 10-day absence from the Parliament that began when deputies at the Congress of People's Deputies first tried to undermine his reformist Government, Mr. Yeltsin returned triumphant and severe.
Mr. Reich's key role in Mr. Clinton's thinking is likely to continue, the President-elect's advisers say, even if Mr. Reich returns to Harvard in January, as he says he will do.
In the Butler case, the trial judge ruled that some of the material in question was indeed protected by the guarantee of freedom of expression in the charter, and Mr. Butler was subsequently acquitted of some charges but convicted of others.
Nina Warren Second Lady .
Economic problems continued to be reported in the rest of the defunct Soviet empire.
"We're seeing our share of weekend warriors today," said Kevin T. McClain, the assistant manager, who spent the day guiding dozens of potential clients on an open house of his gym.
"So what do you do in a young person with a meniscus that is irreparable, that will serve as mechanical irritant if it is left in the joint?
fraud charges in 1987, without admitting or denying guilt, and was disciplined by the National Association of Securities Dealers in 1989 for violating industry registration rules.
Yes, said Mr. Bohus, men often use the glove as a liner for larger leather gloves.
When the city cut its annual grant to the museum last year to about $670,000, from nearly $800,000, the museum laid off Ms. Doherty and other staff members.
"Melville wound up with the cannibals, on a remote section of the island,"Dr. Bryant said.
He listed 10 by name.
A15 ACCENTUATING THE NEGATIVE This year may be remembered for its new low in negative campaigning in the Presidential race.
"I hope in the second half of February to explore in the countries concerned what kind of relations they want to have with us.
All these changes rest on a core conviction -- that all students, but particularly poor students, need a school small enough to instill the sense that someone cares about them and holds them accountable.
*Does Johnson, whose offensive production is essential, stand to be disrupted further at the plate by having to endure yet another fulltime switch on defense.
said a statement today from the business association in Capo d'Orlando, the only town in Sicily to have successfully confronted the extortionists.
A3 COWED BY THE SHINING PATH The terror in a Peruvian shantytown started July 15, when President Fujimori praised its self-defense patrol for standing up to guerrillas.
Guest speaker will be Jason McManus, editor in chief of Time Warner.
Although Olympia & York officials say the company has enough cash on hand to make Monday's interest payment even if the Ranieri deal does not close in time, it would have to drain much of its cash to do so and would then run into trouble at the end of the month when taxes in New York City come due.
Meanwhile inflation, at about 27 percent, has not yet been controlled, although it is well below the level of other countries in the region.
Sir Kenneth MacMillan Dies The resident choreographer and former director of the Royal Ballet in London, died backstate at the Royal Opera House in London.
Mr. Roberts is in many ways typical of the nominees of the Reagan-Bush era.
The Bush Administration had earlier seemed ready to support the European plan for a two-stage sanctions package with an oil embargo delayed until the second stage.
The 1993 United States figure skating championships take place Jan. 17 to 24 in Phoenix at the American West Arena, 201 East Jefferson Street.
Birds come and hang out; I've got this St. Francis thing going.
's 1991 loss of $4.45 billion was an American record.
"The dollar is a real problem for the election process, for confidence and for the financial markets.
Peppering her commentary with such thoughtful perceptions and salting it with a dry wit, Dr. Belcher traversed a life that began when Grover Cleveland was President.
Last September, in the first comprehensive review of national policy, the commission outlined 30 steps the Government could take to help control the epidemic.
Piniella, meanwhile, responded that he had decided to leave Cincinnati because Schott had ignored him and had allowed speculation over his future to fester.
Bolivia said that it was also planning to pull its army out of the drug war, including two battalions that had just received more than $10 million in special drug enforcement training.
If there was any company signature piece on the program, it was George Balanchine's "Symphony in C," to Bizet's music.
She celebrates both achievements with a box containing a nude doll that "bleeds" because of the nail that is driven into its vitals.
If real progress is made on this issue, few here doubt that President Hussein will claim credit -- and that many Arabs will agree.
Bush just came to get his picture taken."
Weeks This On Week List Advice, How-To and Miscellaneous 1 40 LIFE'S LITTLE INSTRUCTION BOOK, by H. Jackson Brown Jr. (Rutledge Hill, $5.95.)
When she was 19, Ms. Bjelland got her first guitar: "I got an acoustic, which I didn't want.
It was well worthwhile, he concluded, because even though he would be borrowing a little extra, he would still be paying $200 less each month than under the old mortgage because of the lower interest rate.
For the review, which will begin within three months, five agencies will be asked to make presentations, she added.
'Hiding' the Digital Signal The Acorn system developed by Gannett and CBS essentially hides a digital broadcast signal beneath a standard analog signal being broadcast on the same channel at the same time.
After the oath was administered on a springlike day, the White House was thrown open to the public.
(The books say Hetzi is a dwarf, but maybe the nursery mislabeled a giant.)
The defense lawyer, Ben Matlock, can charm the ladies, young and old, even while heatedly complaining about "highway robbery" to a supermarket clerk who is not terribly sympathetic about his having to buy a package of 12 hot dog rolls when he wants only 6.
" Before the Minnesota Twins and the Atlanta Braves attained their lofty positions last season, no team in baseball history had ever catapulted from last place one season to first place the next.
The rueful Turkish film "A Heart of Glass" could be called a comedy of mild manners if it was a shade less hangdog, and if it had been made with more flair.
The change didn't appear to affect the outcomes, but it did alter the way certain fighters approached their matches.
"Most entertainers are cheap; they won't spend a penny," says Debbi Fitzpatrick, Sonny's longtime agent and close friend.
Mr. Baker, however, declined to be drawn into any predictions about the still pending Israeli request for $10 billion in loan guarantees to help absorb Russian immigrants.
Since most of the Rowan bequest is earmarked for a new school of engineering, many have suggested that the college preserve the historic Glassboro name for the entire institution and name the new engineering school in honor of Mr. Rowan.
IF you stuff them, unread, into your file drawer, you'd better keep reading.
This film is rated PG.
'Wrong Timing, Wrong Market' "It's not what I would call habitable," Mr. Kennedy said.
Michael Chang, seeded second, beat a Russian qualifier, Andrei Olhovskiy, 6-2, 6-3.
In other words, he says, he will not stick his neck out as Mr. Sadat once did, largely because Egypt has already paid the price and reaped the awards.
Philip Morris wanted to sell Marlboro to men, and it asked the Chicago ad agency led by Leo Burnett to design a campaign.
"But you have to give them credit.
Mr. Finkelstein is the 47-year-old son of a Brooklyn cabdriver and the father of a young daughter, Molly.
He has asked me to join in his commitment to preserve not only the environment of America but to preserve the environment of our globe for future generations, and together we will finally give the United States a real environmental Presidency.
3 2 PUTTING PEOPLE FIRST, by Bill Clinton and Al Gore.
In specific major cases, there are good reasons for not seeking indictments, the officials said.
rules," seemed to be aimed directly at him.
Next week, the Treasury will sell $14.75 billion of new two-year notes and $10.25 billion of new five-year securities, record amounts for both issues.
The American students also uncovered Japanese stereotypes about the United States: All Americans eat mainly beef, follow pro wrestling, exchange the peace sign constantly and every American girl wears boyish clothes and acts like Madonna.
As for taxes, he says that one simple way to figure taxes into total return is to wait until you complete your income-tax return and then subtract the total amount paid on your investments from the ending value of your shares.
He said three of the attackers had been apprehended and a search was under way to find the others.
The third-place Brewers fell 5 1/2 games out.
Besides, "The Way Men Act" is not so much about looking for love as it is about keeping hope intact in order to recognize it when it finally comes along.
But what's wrong with old ideas like fair taxation and public assistance to the less-advantaged?
Hills, the United States trade representative, held her fourth news conference in five days.
If a second marriage occurs, the winners marry younger and prettier women.
A 52-year-old man who cast his ballot in an elementary school outside Zagreb said he was voting for the Liberal Party's candidate, Drazen Budisa, because he represented "the most peaceful solution to ending the war."
The stock market weathered some afternoon selling to post a modest advance yesterday in response to better-than-expected news on inflation.
We're not asking for any special privilege, we're trying to make sure that ethanol doesn't get zapped in this process."
Apollo Investment Fund Ltd., which bought much of Interco's bank debt and negotiated side deals with other lenders, becomes majority owner.
"The Lady in Question" takes place in 1940 in the Bavarian Alps near the manor house of Baron Wihelm von Eisner.
With the certainty of full disclosure hanging over them, 17 of the New York region's 54 representatives acknowledged today that they had written overdrafts on their checking accounts at the House Bank.
'Advisers' to Azerbaijanis But he conceded that Turkey was "not completely oblivious to the demands of Azerbaijan in the military field."
men's basketball tournament after the 1992-93 season, will lose a men's basketball scholarship in both the 1993-94 and 1994-95 seasons and will not be allowed to send its men's basketball coaches off campus to recruit from Jan. 1, 1993, to June 30, 1993.
Most musical organizations have ended their seasons, or are about to, but the South Shore Music Club will have an early start to its 1992 Summer Concert Series at the Pequot Library in Southport.
Also worthwhile are the quasi-Impressionist efforts of several artists who are better known as members of the Eight: William Glackens, Ernest Lawson and John Sloan.
A native of New York City, Mr. Digangi earned bachelor's and law degrees from New York University in 1936 and 1939, respectively.
If the world had cared enough to pay attention to the rise of Nazism in the 20's and 30's, if the world had stirred itself to any action at all, how many humans, cities and countries would have escaped the fire?
The practice leads to wild swings in supermarket prices.
The Chicago biotech index is up 5.8 percent for the week, while the Amex index added 10.2 percent.
No Longer Lean, Just Mean Meeting the needs of a changing society, the Chinese language has in the last few years come up with new expressions, "dakuan" and "kuanye," which are equivalent to "fat cats."
This fall, when "Trucs of the Trade" by Frank Ball and Arlene Feltman is published by HarperCollins, home cooks who read about chefs' cooking tricks -- trucs in French -- may follow suit.
His three days on the stand amount to a watershed in the annals of organized crime: He is one of the highest-ranking gangsters ever to turn Government witness and he is poised now to take down his former boss, who the prosecution contends is the head of one of the nation's richest and most powerful crime families.
Instead of long-term investments, Japan is making short-term investments like sending money to foreign banks.
The other starts singing "Hava Nagila."
Investigators looking into the Maxwell empire after Mr. Maxwell died mysteriously on Nov. 5 say he stole as much as $850 million from pension funds, sinking the money into investments and propping up the stock prices of his public companies.
(See if you can tell who's singing "I'll Never Smile Again.")
W. W. Norton & Company.
But, Dr. Meier and others pointed out, the evidence that raising a low cholesterol level is beneficial is not just skimpy; it is nonexistent.
A1 U.N. peace negotiators called for a noviolent transition of power.
And he was famous for yelling "Go away!"
Ryan (1-3) won for the first time in 14 starts since last Sept. 25, a span that included 12 starts this year.
"There has been a 90-day effort to redefine my personality by a group called opposition research of the Republican Party.
He did have its support, and no primary opposition, in his subsequent two races, in 1988 and 1990.
At 36, now recently divorced, she has such a severe case of carpal tunnel syndrome -- an affliction caused by performing repetitive motions -- that she wakes up at night with her hands throbbing.
This approach simplifies the task of producing software by building it from prefabricated blocks instead of writing programs from scratch.
The nuclear issue is expected to dominate Mr. Bush's visit here, though trade disputes are expected to occupy much of the discussions in formal sessions today.
A display of photographs of the composer and the lyricist along with other family memorabilia will set the mood for songs presented by Richard Lalli, baritone, and Gary Chapman, pianist.
Mr. Boyer said the morning rise was prompted in part by an article in The Wall Street Journal that said the Federal Reserve's policy makers had decided against an immediate cut in short-term interest rates.
Among savings institutions, money market account rates averaged 4.04 percent, off 2 points from a week ago.
Talks aimed at bringing peace and some form of self-government to Northern Ireland resumed today, nine months after Britain abandoned the negotiations.
Andrea said she had not been arrested for 18 months and bragged that she had received a scholarship to start college.
But what a contrast these authentically blue-collar buildings present to their white-collar descendants, like that bleak stretch of office towers along the same avenue 60 blocks uptown.
July 20-26: "Fiddler on the Roof," starring Theodore Bikel.
It's harder to imagine such cooperation among individual physicians engaged in traditional fee-for-service practices.
If you can, shift your schedule to weekday afternoons.
Prof. John Albery, master of University College, has taken the bold step of declaring himself "totally delighted" that an old member of the college has been elected President of the United States.
Some 500 people are expected at the luncheon, among them BUNNY MELLON, BARBARA WALTERS, LEE IACOCCA, I.M.
Truth be told, though, the failures of Schofield and Randolph and Hundley and Pecota and the like have been dramatized so much because Johnson and Bobby Bonilla and Dave Magadan have been so erratic.
With about two dozen of the 80 Assembly members leaving and others struggling in new districts, the November election is destined to bring about the biggest legislative turnover in years.
Reaganomics Man Isn't Behind Bush When it comes to the economy, nothing seems to being going right for President Bush much of the time.
In a runoff between the top two candidates to emerge from initial voting last month, Mr. Klestil, the 59-year-old candidate of the conservative People's Party, received more than 56 percent of the votes, against about 43 percent for Rudolf Streicher, the Social Democratic candidate and a former minister of transport and state industries.
Bond buyers were disappointed because the Federal Reserve has not cut interest rates, a move which was widely anticipated following last week's jobless survey for September, he said.
The handling of the document has widened a rift between Mr. Stone and lawyers for the three other defendants, Sgt.
Yitzhak Rabin, the Labor Party leader who will become Prime Minister, is not a man of uplifting eloquence or vision.
In many cases, tenants with subtenants in place are still losing "millions of dollars," according to Steve Marcussen, a vice president of Cushman Realty.
"It sounds trite, but few love the game as much as he did.
But where Nirvana uses the stripped-down punk rock of the early 1980's as its touchstone, Soundgarden goes back further to the more bombastic heavy metal of the 70's: bands like Led Zeppelin, Judas Priest, Black Sabbath.
Although liver functioning improves in those who respond to the alpha interferon treatment, Dr. Alter said, it is not known whether the treatment eradicates the virus.
Prince's ideas as deviations from them, with results that range, all along, from ineffectual to incomprehensible.
Genesis Entertainment, which syndicates the program, did not begin running its first promotional spots until this month.
To perform public construction a contractor must have confidence, iron nerve, reckless contempt for catastrophe and a good word processor for filing daily claims for extras and delays.
Daniel C. Brandenstein of the Navy, told flight controllers.
The ground floor originally housed retail shops.
More than one machine can be infected in each incident.
Fierce Competition The new Mazda 626, when it goes on sale in May, will enter one of the most competitive segments of the automotive market -- larger compact and midsize cars, a category that includes the Accord, Camry, Ford Taurus and General Motors's midsize sedans like the Chevrolet Lumina.
Since then, she has learned that their commode also belonged to the Duke of Roxburgh, and admits it could indeed be the same piece.
And his promotion puts him in line to succeed McDonald's chairman and chief executive, Michael R. Quinlan, although Mr. Quinlan is only 47.
Each production was critically acclaimed and subsequently transferred to theaters Off Broadway, a hostile commercial environment for plays only about an hour long.
Be bearer of something that is not only beautiful, but is also beautifully made.
Chen-Tech will supply aluminum forgings for the 757 airplane, with deliveries scheduled to begin in the fourth quarter of this year.
This is supposed to be about species conservation, not individual conservation."
Problems Raised Anonymously As part of the program, editors from around the country were invited to raise questions anonymously about the problems they face in their newsrooms that in many cases they feel cannot be directly broached.
With primaries, caucuses, a glut of rules on eligibility, incessant polling, media watches and reams of punditry, the Democratic candidates' spin doctors have ample material from which to fashion an argument that their man is the front runner.
But he said the Christian right appeared to have provided one of the most solid voting blocs for President Bush and that "obviously they are going to be players in the coming years in the Republican Party."
Bitter tears wash me as I pace to and fro.
Mayor W. Wilson Goode of Philadelphia is typical.
While the selections in "Under an Open Sky" are addressed to a general audience, the 12 essays in TRAILS: Toward a New Western History, edited by Patricia Nelson Limerick, Clyde A. Milner 2d and Charles E. Rankin (University Press of Kansas; cloth, $29.95; paper, $12.95), with contributions by Donald Worster, Richard White, Michael P. Malone and Gerald Thompson and others, have the feel of a group of historians talking (and arguing) among themselves about just what it is they are attempting to define and study.
A1 MATTERS OF SUBSTANCE IN ISRAEL The world is watching Israel in the countdown to critical parliamentary elections, but few of the dominant issues have been discussed by the politicians in any depth.
"We just wanted to show our respect."
Rather, he said, he was responding to a growing public perception that the department cannot be trusted to investigate itself.
To the Editor: In "The Doctor Won't See You Now" (Op-Ed, Jan. 12), James Gorman is apparently under the impression that the 30 percent of physicians who said in an American Medical Association survey that they felt no ethical responsibility to treat AIDS patients did so because they believe AIDS is a socially acquired or life- style disease, like coronary disease or lung cancer.
The original wave, the "75'ers," as they call themselves, came after the fall of Saigon.
A medical license qualifies its bearer to be a doctor and practice medicine.
Ms. Gertz was none of the above.
Nothing in these five well-chosen pieces promised full maturity; indeed, with the exception of the Sarasate, it could have been the music of a junior recital at a middling conservatory.
He added that he had never had a player refuse to go back into the game, but he did have a few who didn't want to come out.
Mr. Ferrandino, 42 years old, has been Weston's school superintendent since 1989.
As a result, State Corrections Commissioner John Gorczyk announced Tuesday that smoking would be allowed outdoors in designated areas.
"How could he have not noticed when Reyes's gardener deposited $2.5 million?"
They hope to build up Turkey, a Muslim but secular nation, as the alternative.
Journalists who covered Kennedy now say such a disclosure probably would have swung the election to Mr. Nixon.
And now, in "Meeting Evil," a real-estate salesman opens his door to a stranger and finds himself hurled into a nightmare world of murder and mayhem.
But while the league's biggest crisis in a decade grew, Wirtz was, until yesterday, as invisible as N.H.L.
There are no grave markers for these burials at Cypress Hills.
John D. MacArthur (1897-1978), son of a Pennsylvania hellfire preacher, was an eighth-grade dropout who created the mail-order insurance firm of Bankers Life and Casualty during the Depression and built a Florida real estate empire.
Well, the recent rally at City Hall to protest civilianization of the police review board became an exception.
Vladimir Chernov used his glorious baritone intelligently if sometimes too dispassionately in his portrayal of the Doge.
Without effective measures, the dread scourge of earlier this century will return to eat away the lungs, kidneys and other tissues to kill large numbers of Americans, many of them in the prime of life.
He will not know the feeling when Gampel Pavilion is filled and the Redmen are in town, not until it happens.
Valerie Hartman, the daughter of Mr. and Mrs. William E. K. Hartman of New York, was married last evening to Jeffrey Charles Levy, a son of Judge and Mrs. Paul G. Levy of Lawrenceville, N.J.
Braziller, cloth, $45; paper, $24.95.
(Unsigned, since they were never intended for public display, and in some cases bought by Farsetti well after the artist had died, the bozzetti pose especially formidable attribution problems.)
The Bard that Botstein took over in 1975 was financially and academically unsure, a drugged-out ingenue with frayed cuffs and flashes of genius.
Qe3 mate, while 20 Rf2 Qa1 21 Rf1 Qd4 followed by 22 .
Thoughtful Positioning So the Arkansas Governor was careful today not to overdo it.
But the Zeos also tests the willingness of computer users to accept compromises in performance in exchange for low weight and low price.
But the bets we're taking today are the right bets for this point in time."
Information about preparing pets for air travel, including United States Department of Agriculture regulations, is provided in an updated version of the Air Transport Association's pamphlet called "Air Travel for Your Dog and Cat."
Again, some competitors matched the discounts, and others said they were studying them.
It is not often that those who support legal abortion and those who oppose it agree on anything.
"Twelve to 15 people punched and kicked him," she said.
The Knicks battled until the end, but no matter what they did, Jordan and the Bulls came up with an answer.
"Above all, they are awed by his fortitude (and his wife's, too)."
C24 Sports B10-17 Baseball: Cone uses arm, head and heart in victory.
Lily Golden, the author's mother, became a scholar at the African Institute in Moscow, and married Abdullah Khanga, a political leader from Zanzibar studying in the Soviet Union.
A14 NEWEST VICTIMS OF SYPHILIS Congenital syphilis, a scourge that had nearly vanished 10 years ago, has reappeared with a vengeance in the last five years, afflicting thousands of newborns nationwide.
'Clearly Biased' Lawrence Katz, a labor economist at Harvard University, said the sample was "clearly biased toward people who are doing well and whose incomes are stable."
And this refrain echoes throughout, for it is not only Hanni and Holland who are wandering, searching and ultimately surviving, it is also the Jews who were expelled from Spain in the 15th century by Ferdinand and Isabella, the explorers who went in search of the New World, even Maimonides himself.
Industrial output is expected to plunge by 24 percent this year and farm output by 12 percent, while prices are expected to soar more than tenfold.
DIVISION OVER BRONX PLEA-BARGAIN BAN The Bronx County Bar Association urged the Bronx District Attorney, Robert T. Johnson, to reconsider his recent ban on plea bargains, arguing that the policy will clog an already overburdened criminal justice system.
John Conklin's set, constructed of an exploded castle, its marble walls fallen and twisted, resembles the disordered mind of a neurotic, strewn with empty sarcophagi, shattered statuary and a mountain of coffins.
"This is a critical issue because we're dealing with a core matter in people's lives.
"I'm basically Alice's reader," she said.
"What people have to understand is that the base shouldn't be an economic issue," said Mr. Muxo.
After several more owners, the property passed to the Cendoya family, vineyard owners from northern Spain.
Federal infrastructure investment would be welcome too.
But those vulnerable to suicide may feel totally alone, hopeless or rejected as a result.
The victim -- wearing a black leather hood used in sadomasochistic rituals -- turned out to be Eigil Dag Vesti, a handsome young fashion student from Norway who had been missing from his downtown Manhattan haunts for several weeks.
"They may be planning to become more flexible, but the pace will not be very fast," said Li Xiaohong, the director of two films that recently won approval for release.
The Bush Administration had sought enforcement power against violations.
Today at 4 P.M. in Hartford the Connecticut Gay Men's Chorus of 45 voices will present its musical version of Dickens's "Christmas Carol," combined with traditional holiday carols, in the Goodwin Theater at Trinity College.
In New York, $:1 cost $1.5570, up from $1.5540 on Thursday.
In the ninth, the Mets were trying to do what they hadn't done for what seemed like a week: score a run.
Kalen Sydney Hockstader, a daughter of Mr. and Mrs. Leonard A. Hockstader 2d of New York, was married there yesterday to Robert Winslow Holliday Jr., a son of Josephine W. Holliday of Washington and Robert W. Holliday of Brussels.
Justice Souter has still not even unpacked all his books and belongings, said Dr. Melvin Levine, a professor of pediatrics at the University of North Carolina Medical School and a close friend since both men were Rhodes Scholars.
A block away, Civic Plaza in front of the unfinished Roman Catholic cathedral was saturated with giant red and white banners of the Farabundo Marti National Liberation Front, the guerrilla organization that fought the army to a draw.
Maria D'Agostino of Syosset applied for a weapons permit after her husband had purchased a gun to keep in their house.
For those no longer able to digest dairy products, a gift of the milk-digestant aid Lact-Aid, made by Akpharma Inc. of Pleasantville, N.J., can add dietary variety and improve nutrient intake.
Feb. Purchasing Managers' Report .
Philippe de Montebello, the director of the Metropolitan, said he thinks the arrangement is a "fair trade."
"Earlier in the season, I couldn't put the contract out of my mind and I was playing thinking about the contract," said Wilkins, who had 19 points against the Rockets.
Registration: (718) 622-4435, extension 317.
The downgrading phenomenon has spread beyond retailing, to factory workers who have given up hope of re-entering factories and now retrain for office jobs; to executives who have become self-employed consultants with sporadic incomes, and to commercial pilots who become painting contractors or open other small businesses.
But a sister Korean Air Lines jumbo jet flying not far behind heard Flight 007 trying to check in and relayed its position reports to controllers, thus preventing an alert.
But for a decade American scientists working in the kindred field of controlled nuclear fusion have argued that the main secrets were out of the bag and have pressed for a relaxation of classification rules, eventually winning over Federal officials.
Hudson County officials say their towns are attractive disposal points because of their easy access from New York City, which Mr. Madonna said is the main source of the illegally dumped waste, even the loads abandoned in southern New Jersey.
Produced by TriBeCa, the De Niro company, the film was directed by one of his best friends, Barry Primus, and nearly wasn't released at all.
SPENDING IS QUESTIONED AT OTB In the last two years, with profits on the decline, New York City's Offtrack Betting Corporation spent $20,000 to remodel an executive bathroom, almost $3,000 for flowers and $1,050 for political contributions, former employees and City Council investigators said.
While invention is important and needs to be rewarded, he said, far greater investments are usually made to manufacture and distribute a product.
He said, 'I can't hit like that; I've never hit like that.'
Beginning in October, Mr. Zelensky will be a guest principal dancer for one year with the New York City Ballet, yet he says he will maintain his Kirov and other commitments.
Waxen-faced girl: "I take a shower on the 15th of the month, whether I need it or not."
Then there are the Toronto Blue Jays and the Baltimore Orioles in the American League East.
double by Glenallen Hill, then scored single runs on Kenny Lofton's r.b.i.
The company expanded quickly by opening new stores and by buying the 14 Brick Church electronics stores in 1990.
The Mayor will be accompanied by Barry F. Sullivan, Deputy Mayor for finance and economic development, and business leaders, said the officials, who spoke on condition of anonymity.
Do I ever want to be President!"
(AP) BOATING Defiant Extends Streak in Trials Defiant extended its winning streak against Stars & Stripes to four in a row yesterday as The America 3 Foundation continued its dominance over Team Dennis Conner in the America's Cup defender trials.
When the building was converted to a co-op the sponsor agreed to a rebate of 15 percent of the maintenance to all "insiders" for a period of five years.
Because he is black, Mr. Levi's achievement is even more unusual.
But the young woman, it said, knowing all this, still went to his room at 2 in the morning, sat on his bed -- for what, asked the defense attorney, "to watch television?"
Shaking of Scoring Woes Kevin Todd, Bobby Holik, Randy McKay, Ken Daneyko and Zdeno Ciger had the other goals for the Devils.
He knew more Greek than anyone else north of the Alps.
Started in 1989 with Richard Viguerie as fund-raising consultant, the group in Fairfax, Va., has received donations from 800,000 people in two years, raising more than $6 million in the first half of 1992 alone.
No one was ever charged in connection with the theft.
But he said today that Steinbrenner's return was fine with him.
"You know, we like each other.
Sponsored by Adventure on a Shoestring.
You can walk the streets.
Rockets 105, Celtics 99 HOUSTON (AP) -- Vernon Maxwell scored 19 of his 28 points in the first half, leading Houston to victory over Boston, ending the Rockets' losing streak against the Celtics at six games.
The Senate Finance Committee will propose a bill to do the same this week.
It was Robert McCrum, editor in chief at Faber.
Court administrators concede there are problems with payments, but they assert defendants receive fair trials.
He had recently completed studies in law and political science.
The hope is to revive ferry services in the metropolitan area, including service from Long Island (Oyster Bay) as well as Rockland (Nyack) and Westchester (Yonkers and Rye).
It's the other parts of my game, rebounding and defense, that I have to raise a little bit.
"Mrs. Turner -- Vida Pearson to me -- was asked if she would sing 'My Ain Countree' at 306 French Street at a certain time.
Sarajevo television reported that Yugoslav jets attacked Croatian positions near Kupres twice this morning.
Eight bodies were found in August 1984 alone.
"But employees have the most important weapon in the war on drugs and that is the paycheck.
Although it can be spooned and measured like granulated sugar, it dissolves much more rapidly.
After running up its biggest loss of the year on Monday and suffering another sharp downturn on Tuesday, the stock market stabilized on Wednesday.
SOMETHING NEW AND COOL IS what any woman who lives or works in the city needs right now.
A younger artist who did particularly well at the auctions last week was Robert Gober.
Then on Dec. 22, Mr. Ortiz, her son, was shot 18 times as he walked out of the building.
It has been able to undercut the competition by buying or leasing planes cheaply because of a glut, by keeping its management team small and by hiring nonunion workers for lower pay than its unionized rivals can.
The others are Kenya, which President de Klerk visited last June, Egypt, which he hopes to visit, and South Africa itself.
"It makes a great Christmas present."
A Good Word for the Greeks Few Israelis are more wary than the religious, who were probably not reassured by a recent magazine interview in which she complained that "man has already gone to the moon, while here we still tell our children the world was created in six days."
Her father teaches at the university as the Bonner Professor of Medicine and is the director of its Center for Environmental Medicine and Lung Biology.
Tom Michael's 21 points led Illinois (8-11, 2-7).
For instance, while stressing weight control has been "a strong proposition" for H. J. Heinz's Weight Watchers line of prepared foods, Mr. Middleton wrote in the white paper, "the very specificity that gives Weight Watchers its strength excludes too many consumers."
Levy has also had some other personal Big Ones along the way, like making Phi Beta Kappa at Coe College, earning a masters degree in history from Harvard, rebounding from being fired as the coach of the Kansas City Chiefs and maybe even gaining some happiness from family and friends, among other triumphs.
Overheard by James F. X. Mullen of Manhattan at Dennison's on Fifth Avenue and 36th Street on Dec. 27.
"She is tough to play, but she began making mistakes when I became more patient," Graf said.
Choate Rosemary Hall John C. Caine .
Balloting irregularities last night disrupted the selection of a Democratic candidate to run for the State Assembly seat on the Upper West Side of Manhattan being vacated by Jerrold Nadler.
He spruced up his personal living quarters with rugs, walk-in closets, a video cassette player, a stereo system, a bar, a refrigerator, a 60-inch color television and a whirlpool bath.
PELHAM -- Huguenot Memorial Church, 901 Pelhamdale Ave. April 12, 10:30 A.M., Faure's Requiem with choir, orchestra and Serena Kanig, soprano; Jonathan Keeley, baritone.
*Second, they pursued the plan without persuading the airlines to pay half the cost.
In the recent quarter, the Detroit auto makers all reported vastly improved financial results.
Still, they were ranked 10th nationally in the most recent Associated Press poll before the tournament began.
The same house two years ago, when rates were 10.5 percent, would have cost $628 a month to carry.
Now what was billed then as a model for improving urban education is getting poor marks for results.
Briefly a cemetery for partisan heroes of World War II, the park has been pressed into action once more during the siege as an emergency burial ground.
For this he and Gov.
At the same time, however, he became active in local politics, and in 1934 he was elected as the White County probate and county judge.
The Central Valley is the heart of California's $18 billion farm industry, and the irrigation of land that would otherwise be desert dry has allowed producers to thrive by growing cotton, alfalfa, fruit and other crops.
Most environment ministers have also vented anger, particularly in northern countries like Germany, Denmark and the Netherlands, where public opinion sees stopping the deterioration of the environment as a national priority and where the respective Parliaments are in the process of imposing the world's strictest environmental regulations.
As he grows more affluent, his wife even asks him back to her bed occasionally.
At the beginning of the period he describes, Winston Churchill had just become Prime Minister as Britain was beginning to lean toward a negotiated peace with Germany -- a course Mr. Lukacs believes might have been followed in the absence of Churchill's resolve.
Officer Pannell has filed a $70 million lawsuit against the city, claiming that he was injured because all the officers involved in the incident had not received training in undercover operations.
6.42% Accepted at low price .
who is studying Japanese auto production.
Since Mr. Johnson's announcement in November, members of the Black Congressional Caucus have protested plans by the Federal Centers for Disease Control to cut $14 million in financing for 24 groups working on AIDS projects in minority neighborhoods.
The Limited Inc. Four weeks: same-store sales rose 7 percent; overall up 16 percent, to $467.5 million.
But Justice Anthony Cardona of the New York State Supreme Court and representatives of the Board of Elections said they did not want to keep people off the ballot for what they called minor or technical reasons.
Down the stretch they went, Agincourt on the inside, Three Peat tight to his right, both jockeys whipping, both horses straining.
His eyes, then, had to speak, and there was fury in them.
The grand old general-interest magazine became faster-paced and wittier while continuing to publish essays and criticism, like its piece by Tom Wolfe on the state of American fiction.
BURR E. ANDERSON Chicago, March 23, 1992
The Republican tactic will surely be to destroy that confidence by personal attack.
To cope with it, the Broncos had amplifiers blaring crowd noise during their Wednesday workout.
"IT is those we live with and love and should know who elude us," Norman Maclean's father tells him in "A River Runs Through It," a mesmerizing family memoir fueled by sense of place, force of memory and love of nature.
Mr. Bush today cut back a long Maine vacation that his advisers considered a political land mine.
Sow dill and parsley also.
"If intervention comes, we will defend freedom, independence and our territory with all our means."
Today's Column A new shot has been fired in the battle between Safecard Services and the I.R.S.
"I could not find an old painted ceiling suitable to install in this room, so I decided to use the boxes," Mr. Tempo said.
phone calls they make each day.
Mr. Akawi complained at a hearing a day before his death that he had been beaten, and he showed bruises to a military judge.
"It's not going to be easy.'
The defense argues that both the five-year gap between the 1964 trials and the dismissal of charges and the 29-year gap between the crime and the new indictment violate Mr. Beckwith's right to a speedy trial.
Some Details Outstanding In return, the university will turn over control of its board of trustees to the academy.
Chris Hoiles, Leo Gomez and Billy Ripken also hit home runs for the Orioles, who had 11 hits.
Starting in 1994, traffic on the state's superhighways and their feeder roads will be monitored by video cameras, radar and electronic loops buried in the roadway.
When Kennedy took office, Laos was the hot spot, and the departing President, Dwight D. Eisenhower, warned Kennedy he might have to fight there.
"It doesn't pay to put a guy out there if he'll get hurt in the first quarter and can't play."
Two hot openers were bell ringers: a melt-in-the-mouth goat cheese-potato tart and corn and potato fritters.
"No, you're not coming out with me.
Her on-ice costume is slinky.
"I think a woman should have a right to choose," he said.
The canal itself, once the lifeline of the industrial crescent that was the Midwest, is now mostly the domain of pleasure boaters.
Such an outcome could also leave no candidate with enough electoral votes to win, and the House of Representatives would choose the President.
In describing the form of the play, the director, Christopher Smith, said: "From enormous research to finding the credibility of characters, language and specific stage business -- we attended meetings of the Baymen's Association, and Arnold is one of our consultants -- a more theatricalized storytelling world emerged.
Ajan said there was hope yet for Samadov, perhaps next year.
Chat Paterson, a Denver businessman who led the American Veterans Committee in its formative years, died March 5 at his home in Golden, Colo.
Flyers 5, Flames 4 PHILADELPHIA (AP) -- Rod Brind'Amour's goal 1:54 into overtime lifted Philadelphia to the victory over Calgary.
But Miss Quinn says the S.E.C.
Young says a study he commissioned has found excessive levels of toxic chemicals in the newspaper itself.
It has been several years since my last visit to this unremittingly popular 37-year-old institution.
First, at 4 feet 10, I must really twist to reach the inside light.
When Arden and Eddie slept together, on another episode, they walked up the stairs and off camera.
Digital Equipment reduced its employee severance package in order to afford more layoffs.
VANCOUVER CANUCKS -- Agreed to terms with Gerald Diduck, defenseman, on a two-year contract.
"Billy struck so many people so deeply that the interviewing process was almost as schizoid as the subject."
In the second, third and fourth sets, McEnroe and Leach sprinted off to an uncatchable 4-0 lead.
"There was only one way I would do it," he said.
I want to thank Robin Williams and Bette Midler for last night, for giving us an excellent show.
Then at the Prince's Bay stop, the neighborhoods seem older, sparser and more rustic.
Nagle said after the game that his finger was a little stiff.
But the world Mr. Muni gives us is so much more souless and brutal than the one Dumas and Piave describe that it clashes with the impulses of Verdi's opera at every turn.
2 official of the Tito Government that ruled federated Yugoslavia.
But the amazing grace and resilience of her voice rarely falter.
EMC provides a striking example of how a small American company, with careful strategic planning and attention to manufacturing detail, can succeed by finding profitable high-technology niches with huge growth potential.
The screenplay by Mr. Maddin and George Toles, who thought up the story, is filled with stilted speeches about duty, honor, virtue, shame and toilet training.
PIQUE DAME Opera in three acts by Peter Ilyich Tchaikovsky, libretto by Modest Tchaikovsky, after a story by Pushkin; conductor, Vladimir Ziva; director, Stanislav Gaudassinsky; sets by Semyon Pastukh; costumes by G. Solovyeva.
Give A. Alfred Taubman an "A" for tax planning, if investors -- and the Internal Revenue Service -- go along.
After suffering a heart attack, the evangelist Oral Roberts underwent angioplasty here Wednesday to clear a blocked artery, and his doctors said Friday that he was recovering well.
(Richard Todd/ Houghton Mifflin, $21.)
"Since 1986, Japan exported about $502 billion of portfolio capital," said Carl Weinberg chief economist at High Frequency Economics, in New York.
They apparently work by preventing oxidation of LDL, or low-density lipoprotein cholesterol.
Most of the psychoanalytic training institutes have now admitted substantial numbers of nonphysicians, and the reaction from both psychiatrists and psychologists is positive.
Would it have made any difference if the voters had known this earlier?
His father is the founder, president and chief executive of Medical Resources.
She has also guest-starred on "Dallas" and "Designing Women."
No Limp From a Camera A Sony, he says, doesn't make you walk with a limp or ruin the line of your suits.
"One way to deal with this is to try to outguess adults.
"At one time, when you had no world communications, your ambassador spoke for you in that country.
It is not easy to red-bait without Reds.
Hours before the committee vote, the Assembly's Democratic minority attacked a Republican effort to eliminate all of the increase as "a callous affront to the working men and women of New Jersey" and vowed to resist any compromise.
Is Desiree Washington a phoney, a gold-digger, an opportunist?
The team was chosen by a process in which each athlete's coach had one vote.
Current plans call for the garden to be turned over to the homeowners' association when the houses encircling the golf course are completed.
Since then, Steinbrenner's critiques of Michael have been steady.
The new officials promised that "they would, under no circumstances, permit any split in Gaidar's overall economic team," the President said.
Next I try one of the small-caliber junk guns, a Raven .25.
"I came up to Juliet Cuthbert this afternoon at the practice track and told her I did not think she was on drugs," Torrence said in the statement.
"Now he's a genre unto himself," said Mr. Hope.
Israel would be so strengthened, he says, that it would not need all that help from Washington.
About 140 women in the United States, and 1,100 elsewhere, have been examined with it.
He found bipartisan interest in Mr. Bush's proposal to impose, for the first time, an overall limit on Federal spending for rapidly growing benefit programs like Medicare, Medicaid and food stamps.
Moreover, embryonic development, spiral galaxies, ocean waves and the various complicated gaits of four-legged creatures all evince different sorts and varying degrees of symmetry.
But K. D. Lang is not a woman to cut her songs to meet the fashion.
Using elements of Minimalist piano, wind and percussion figuration and camouflaged Chinese folk melodies, and occasionally flirting with atonality, Ms. Chen creates more of a swirl than a sparkle.
MENCHANKO-TEI, 39 West 55th Street, Manhattan, (212) 247-1585.
Brown's birdie after a 4-iron tee shot on the par-3 17th defeated Ray Floyd, Ben Crenshaw and Bruce Lietzke, all of whom were previous winners of this event.
The polarity of a spot, corresponding to the north or south pole of a magnet, can be translated into the ones and zeroes of all digital information.
The 1985 "Roses" was the opposite coin on the program to "Private Domain."
That word should be underlined.
Revenue in the period rose 3.1 percent, to $10.74 billion, from $10.42 billion a year earlier.
The measures have hit the populace like a hammer blow.
We're more used to it.
The heat generated by burning garbage is used to produce steam, which is sold to a nearby chemical plant at a rate that is tied to the price of natural gas.
A12 None of the above seemed to be leading in Denver.
He also pointed to the danger of Kiev commanders' attempting to cut communications between the Moscow general staff and the Ukraine forces.
Mammoth Cave National Park also uses the Mistix system to book cave tours.
Tradition calls for a German wine, but you can employ anything at hand.
A report in yesterday's Washington Post said the search party had gone through Mrs. Kelley's files too.
"What is the textual basis for your position that there's a compelling interest in something that is not a person within the meaning of the 14th Amendment?"
Her mother, Marie C. Holden, is an administrator in the Perth-Broadalbin school system.
To a degree, an increase over 1991 was relatively easy to achieve, since the drop in ad spending last year marked the first such drop in 30 years.
Because the official blew the whistle at the 4, Carpenter was credited with a 37-yard reception.
'Miller's Crossing' didn't turn out to be a big success.
The Bistro for most of the week concentrates on breakfast, lunch and a late afternoon drop-in-for-coffee-and-a-devastating-dessert trade, but recently has begun serving dinner Thursday through Saturday.
"It was totally black," Mr. Lipsitz said.
In its first large-scale tests on people in the United States, rescue workers in several cities are about to begin using it on victims of heart attacks and potentially fatal heart rhythms.
A European-brokered cease-fire failed to take hold in Bosnia.
Under the deal, Maxxam, in conjunction with investment bankers Donaldson, Lufkin & Jenrette and Kidder, Peabody , would pay $25 million cash and $325 million in junk bonds for 72 percent of the airline.
"A couple of years ago, people were saying we wouldn't get enough cities to want these games," Rothenberg said.
Twenty years ago some spoke of the limits to growth, and today we realize that growth is the engine of change and a friend of the environment.
He and a friend of the family, Peter Barrie, decided to organize a group to clean up the cemetery, which has been around since the 1700's.
Carter, an 11-time All-Star who will remain with the Expos organization as, among other things, a batting instructor, is batting .216 this season with 5 home runs and 28 runs batted in.
His manager, Rock Newman, is talking about putting together a two-fight plan for Bowe.
Lindros and his family -- his mother is a nurse and his father an accountant -- weren't going to be pushed around by any big-shot team or league, either, even when it offered a reported $55 million for 10 years.
"Needless to say, she bought a lot of merchandise."
Ask your child to describe what he's playing or drawing.
and "America works best when we say, 'Union, Yes!'
"He is an intelligent, rational and inspiring leader," said Mr. Crosson, the court administrator.
Aleksandr, who asked not be identified further, decided last May with a friend to start a business of their own, "to work in a new style" on environmental problems.
Mr. Nasir's company, which is based in Bombay, received its fourth Boeing 737 on Monday.
Ms. Ferraro says that the eviction proceedings took time, and she has already released financial documents and tax returns for other years and does not intend to comply with her rivals' demands for more.
Gustave Newman, Mr. Altman's lawyer, said he had requested that the trial be delayed until April 5 because of the large amount of work needed to prepare the case.
There was the crumbling seawall.
"I want to consult with a lot of people about what our options are, including people who may disagree with me about the ultimate merits," he said.
I won't miss training camp at all.
Mr. Carbone had devised ways to get by, relying on what he calls a sixth sense to guide him through the bewildering maze of words.
But he would be permitted to make a claim against his own insurance company for pain and suffering -- and even sue it for compensation.
In a recent survey of 1,400 families, he found that the average weekly income of children from their allowance and payment for household chores increased by 73 percent from 1989 to 1991.
"Dogs have a keener sense of smell, are more manageable and work for a reward that is not a truffle," said Miguel Angel Escribano, the general director of Arotz for eight years.
It will enable Harper's to showcase writers and to offer its advertisers a premium position in the center spread.
Mr. Rourke notes that with the new, uniform patina the busts are recognizable as human beings, as indeed they are (Mark Twain, one of the seven unrestored busts, looks like he was born without eyes).
The issue is so complex, the interests so diverse, that it will be a major feat if Mr. Clinton can, as he promises, simply draft a comprehensive bill in his first 100 days in office.
Post-Season Prediction "I think they've got the makeup of a team that can do a lot of damage in post-season play," Barnes said.
"I can't tell wines," Mr. Harz said.
Scientists are still struggling toward an answer in each case.
The latest announcement comes as G.M.
Although Mr. Eliasson refused to say so, he hinted that he was demanding that Iraq allow the number of relief workers and United Nations soldiers to return to the previous levels.
William J. Murphey of the Camp Hill (Pa.) Presbyterian Church performed the ceremony.
But even winning isn't better than thinking that bypass surgery at age 50 will allow you to stop wondering when pain will stab your heart again.
Meanwhile, saute the garlic, carrots and onion in hot oil in a nonstick skillet until the onion softens.
Many said they were undecided; others said they were decidedly uninterested.
You can put up with it a couple of weeks ago and we put up with it a week ago, but it's not very long before we have to have things put together."
Despite a stepped-up United Nations effort, an American airlift and planes from several European nations joining the International Committee of the Red Cross -- for 18 months the only major relief agency working in Somalia -- the gap between what is required in the country and what is being offered remains large.
When ready to prepare the pizzas, put about 1 tablespoon of the flour onto a baking sheet, and spread it around.
Perot Invitation Questionable In addition to underscoring that the economy is his top priority, the officials said Mr. Clinton wanted to announce the economic appointments first so the names would be out before the economic conference economy that he has called here for Dec. 14 and 15.
Using memory tests, researchers led by Dr. Kenneth L. Davis of the Mount Sinai Medical Center in Manhattan found some improvement in the patients who had received the drug.
Natalie Arduino, a mezzo who sang the male title role (which the castrato Senesino sang in one original performance), was attractive in her early arias, displaying a jaunty confidence in "Perfido," though as the work proceeded she seemed to tire, leading to some awkward introspective arias.
So to reach the 61 seats that it needs, Labor has no choice but to turn to some of the religious parties and perhaps also to a far-right party called Tsomet, which had been allied with Likud until now.
Call for a Plan Early "There's a mandate for change, but not a mandate for a program," said Harry C. McPherson Jr., who was White House counsel under President Lyndon B. Johnson.
Leaders of the rebel groups, many of which have been based in Peshawar since the civil war began, met in a marathon session with Prime Minister Nawaz Sharif of Pakistan and discussed forming an interim council to negotiate with the remnants of the Kabul Government, but could not agree on its composition.
About 40 percent of patients who apply minoxidil to their bald patches twice a day for a year can expect to see decent hair growth.
The team staggered to a 7-13 record in that stretch and dropped six and a half games in the standings and out of contention.
John Valentin's opposite-field homer in the fourth, his fifth home run of the season, was the only run off Cone (4-3).
Vital national interests abroad may also require a military response -- real threats to sources of energy or other economic assets, or to the survival of a strategic ally threatened by attack.
No decisions have been made about when ECO might spring free from Corporate Finance.
After the deal was done, he gained the support both of Mr. Ross and of the unwieldy Time Warner board, comprising former board members of both companies.
At the same time, Moody's cut GPA's commercial paper to Not Prime from Prime-3 and the guaranteed senior unsecured debt of its subsidiaries to Ba-2 from Baa-3.
Paul Goldenberg, a nationally recognized expert on hate crimes who will head the bias-crime office, said, "We're most interested in the kids whose low self-esteem compels them to attack other people.
The police are authorized to issue summonses.
After dinner, I walked briskly to the Jai Alai Palace to bet on the games.
A Scar for Life "This will leave a scar for the rest of our lives," said American guard Teresa Weatherspoon.
In his famous self-portrait in "Song of Myself" as "hankering, gross, mystical, nude," the word "mystical" gives a spiritual tinge to this otherwise shocking line.
They are showered with support from the German Government, ranging from free housing to welfare and food payments, job placement help, German language lessons and medical care.
Kodak has already paid $2 million in fines to settle criminal and civil charges brought by New York State for violations of various environmental laws and regulations.
Dr. Sheehan, who writes books on running and a column in Runner's World magazine, was formerly an internist in private practice in Red Bank, N.J.
For the 27 years since then, he has been donating an average of two or three boxes of extremist literature a month.
Commuters Still Stranded The subway project had been a centerpiece of the Times Square redevelopment plan.
Today, his words seemed both bitter and heartfelt in damning the reporting of the 1992 campaign as "the most biased year in the history of Presidential politics."
In an enclosed area, like a basement, they can accumulate and, over time, present a danger.
He did the best he could by throwing the spade ace, but South led a spade and had to score a spade trick and make his slam.
But in a region that he had once hoped would sew up the nomination for him, the Governor now faces real competition, and Super Tuesday will probably not decide matters.
agent told Dr. Mascheroni that the Department of Energy had asked for an investigation into whether he had disseminated secret information.
For information on availability outside New York, call Sheridan Infant Products at (800) 225-5215.
agents found a peculiar note.
I just have to go and keep my mouth shut and do my job.
We also hear from people who say it is easier and cheaper to donate the old box to a local school or charity, take a tax deduction (if applicable) and buy a new system.
(It is still popular, but mostly as a gambling game played by Japanese gangsters.)
Critics of the election laws say that the term "loophole" does not do justice to this phenomenon.
The message on the stickers encourages the public to call the Supervisor's office if it appears that the cars are being used for other than official purposes.
Sabol films are easy to spot, with their strong storylines, heavy use of slow-motion, generous helpings of comments from players and coaches wearing microphones, and never, ever, any videotape.
Penfolds is a huge operation best known for red wines, especially their amazing -- and expensive -- Grange Hermitage.
In Mr. Guarini's new 13th District, a possible Democratic challenger for the nomination if Mr. Guarini chooses to run -- and a very likely candidate if he does not -- is State Senator Robert Menendez, who is the mayor of Union City and the first Cuban-American to be elected to the State Legislature.
In fact, this building is full of quirky and subtle variations on the architectural themes of the rest of Rice, and is far more lively visually than it appears at first glance.
By contrast, Melvyn Douglas had played opposite Greta Garbo in "Ninotchka" to great critical and box-office acclaim, In one of the most telling scenes in the book, Louis B. Mayer, head of M-G-M, summoned Mr. Douglas in 1939 and told him to stick to acting because political activities "hurt the studio."
Although Worth's ownership by a mutual-fund company raises questions about whether it will be able to cover investing objectively, Mr. Jones asserted that the magazine would be editorially independent.
Since the Penguins juggle their top three lines, Neilson said he was not going to worry about matching up against Lemieux or anybody else.
Mr. Sharansky endured years of solitary confinement in the Soviet gulag.
Scotland Yard blamed the bombing on the Irish Republican Army, the outlawed paramilitary organization that has fought for years against British control of Northern Ireland with campaigns of violence.
To the Editor: Aram Bakshian Jr.'s "America First, Buchanan Last" (Op-Ed, Jan. 7), is both shortsighted and sardonic in dismissing the candidacy of Patrick Buchanan for the Republican nomination for President.
Take a stroll at the mall.
"When I was starting out, people had to work very hard to get a shot on television," said Ms. Rudner, who took up stand-up comedy in 1981 after working as a professional dancer for 10 years.
Aircraft exports, which tend to rise sharply one month and fall just as sharply the next, fell by $898 million from June's level.
Among groups on a long list of opponents of citizen lawmaking are the New Jersey Business and Industry Association, the State Chamber of Commerce, the New Jersey Builders Association, the New Jersey Association of Realtors and various other constituent groups that support the Republicans.
h6!, with 6 Bh4, then 6 .
Look for a drive to recast priorities, much more economic emphasis and much less military-mindedness.
THE MAYOR AND THE HOMELESS Mayor Dinkins's official response to the report of Andrew M. Cuomo's Commission on the Homeless drew differing interpretations.
A champion bobsledder has already admitted he was an informer for the agency, known as Stasi.
In "Needless Agony, for $100,000" (editorial, Oct. 2), you state that the great majority of people will not execute a living will.
Appetizers range from $8 to $13; pizzas, $11 to $12; entrees, $12 to $20.
Visitors are expected to buy a bottle or two.
Mr. Samuel, in citing the pending lawsuit, would not comment on reports that officials of the Federal Environmental Protection Agency had urged the county to take steps to clean up the site.
By 1990, its profits peaked at $518,824 on revenue of $4.9 million, Mr. Kasch said, although they dropped 37 percent the next year because of rising costs.
Work crews were said to spend the days moving leaf piles from one side of a street to the other.
Appearing in traditional costume, the musicians accompany themselves on antique instruments or replicas.
Sidewalk repair at Christian Dior caused major congestion as shoppers were reduced to two lanes.
By contrast, Mr. Leibowitz of Donaldson, Lufkin & Jenrette is now forecasting 1992 fiscal year earnings of $12 million, or 58 cents a share.
The bride was a widow; her husband a widower.
Tylenol PM's blue-green box and Excedrin's royal blue box with a blue-green stripe both list the same two active ingredients: an analgesic, acetaminophen, and an antihistamine, diphenhydramine, which can induce drowsiness.
Down to the Wire "The whole thing came down to the fourth quarter," said Riley, who was happy to volunteer that his team had challenged 70 percent of Washington's fourth-quarter shots.
Teachers with only moderate computer skills can turn into big-time producers with the new "authoring software," which uses simple graphics to guide users through the creation process.
New to this observer, Mr. Alman offers a painted wood relief of a nattily dressed devil, preaching.
Young, attractive blonds have a hard time being taken seriously.
Japan's electronics industry is twice as productive as Germany's and slightly ahead of United States electronics companies.
The company's earlier laptop models have met with a lukewarm response, but the notebook market is now considered too significant for the world's largest computer maker to ignore.
Based on their own experience, emboldened by well-publicized findings suggesting that "yo-yo dieting" may be detrimental and bolstered by recent Government inquiries into the false advertising claims of some diet companies, a growing number of women are joining in an anti-diet movement.
East with a 65-77 record as it lost for the 10th time in 12 games.
For one thing, this undermines her premise that the turn from highbrow to middlebrow was not entirely a falling off.
The judge said the woman had a life expectancy of five years.
Tikhonov was disliked by some players and federation officials for his hard style.
The preservation architect is T. Gunny Harboe of the Chicago-based architectural firm of McClier.
But one Friends member recently suggested that if WFMT were given the money directly, it would not have to solicit contributions from its listeners.
The action by the House Committee on Banking, Finance and Urban Affairs comes just a few days before Attorney General William P. Barr must respond to a request by House Democrats for appointment of a special prosecutor.
The Vienna Philharmonic is the ensemble for this Salzburg Festival production, and it is conducted with wonderful grace by Horst Stein.
"I just tried to push him out of position, keep him out as far as I could," said Mourning.
The State Department adds that every United States embassy and consulate has a duty officer on call around the clock to help travelers in an emergency.
At the time of his hunger strike, Democratic Convention leaders wrote an open letter to Bishop Tokes appealing to him to reconsider.
Mess with his mind in hopes of messing with his game?
George Bardes performed the ceremony at the Convent of the Sacred Heart.
The national firms have not penetrated here because real-estate prices are significantly higher than what they are used to dealing with in other parts of the country.
With the dismissal of 1,500 state employees this week, the anticipated loss of 2,600 more through attrition over the next eight months and nearly 3,500 state workers taken off the payroll last year, New Jersey is in the process of paring nearly 10 percent of its work force in barely two years.
Congressmen are not paid until after the end of a month; as a result, the bank considered overdrafts a draw against members' accruing salary.
"I was not Dewey's man," Mr. Jaeckle recalled in an interview.
The men were all blacks, restricted to serving white officers in the galley.
THE VOLCANO LOVER A Romance.
"The time for concerted action to promote recovery and boost its strength is now," he said.
"There's no drug trafficking, no pushers, no addicts.
They beat me up, but nothing happened," he said.
The three yachts hugged the left side of the course while most of the others stayed to the right.
Atmosphere: Spacious, softly lighted room with large, well-separated tables.
In this song as well in her own challenging lyrics to "Twisted" and the slower but no less daunting Brazilian and Welsh place names that Stephen Sondheim scattered through his parody of bossa nova, "The Boy from .
Ken Maginnis, a Unionist who is a Member of Parliament from South Tyrone, called on the Government to adopt a policy of selective internment, which would allow the indefinite detention of anyone believed to be involved in what the British forces describe as terrorist activity.
Now almost no political leader resists the trend.
Itemized deductions of $27,027 (Line 34) are brought forward from Schedule A.
"Now they can ignore your wishes and make you pay for it."
In some kits the studs are U-shaped in cross-section and are designed to fit over the long edges of conventional wood studs.
We're as good as anyone."
A JUDGE TO RULE ON DAILY NEWS A Federal bankruptcy judge is expected to rule today on whether Mortimer B. Zuckerman will become the new owner of The Daily News.
"Sendero Luminoso is scooping up our best boys and girls," she said.
"And the highly ranked activities on Oregon's list have a great many low-valued uses.
"It is also to Wick," Dr. Jacob said, "that we owe the simple relation between range and mass, which is now common knowledge in particle physics: the shorter the range, the heavier the mass of the exchanged particles at the origin of the force."
Mr. Spiegel, for example, recalls bringing his 2-year-old son, Evan, to visit Mr. Christopher last summer.
"He was a Communist and he stays a Communist -- he has a brain like a Communist," said Zina Kozakova, a 40-year-old German teacher who arrived from Odessa two years ago.
The Federal Government is already buying such cars from the Big Three domestic auto makers, and some state and local governments are moving rapidly to switch their fleets to the alternative fuel vehicles.
The three-star French chef who invented cuisine minceur preens under his pleated toque.
The plan's collapse was a clear disappointment to both companies, depriving British Airways of a strong presence in the United States, the world's busiest airline market, and leaving USAir without the strong partner it had sought.
Later, he told the jurors that Mr. LeGeros had, "in association with Andrew Crispo, intentionally planned and plotted the murder of Eigil Vesti."
How's this for a close call?
The Red Sox grabbed a 1-0 lead and that is how the contest ended.
A12 Grand Forks Journal: The rusty front gates of the cold war.
Even so, the Pentagon last year persuaded Congress to commit the nation to deploying ground-based anti-missile defenses beginning in 1996.
A1 Business Digest D1 Arts/Entertainment C11-18 A retrospective of Bob Dylan songs.
The death of a woman leads to an investigation involving the American-Japanese rivalry.
Andre Innis of Paul Robeson, with victories in the 800 (1:50.35) and 1,600 (4:21.20), was outstanding in boys' events, while Geraldine Morgan of Murry Bergtraum and Neva Nichols of Jamaica were double winners in girls' events.
Mr. Burakovsky is more optimistic.
In addition to the company's bubble-cleaning technology, the new washer can analyze the wash load in various ways, weighing the clothes, for example, to determine how much water and detergent is needed and how long the wash time should be.
The film represents a collaboration between Mr. Bergman and Bille August, the Danish director of "Pelle the Conqueror," the 1988 movie that captured an Academy Award as that year's best foreign film.
"To this day, I have no idea what I did for my two boys that was constructive and useful and right and good, and what damaged them, none."
July 22-26: "Reno Once Removed," starring Reno.
"But to me, catching is the biggest part of the game for a catcher," Cox said.
Worms don't make good pets, a student said, because you cannot tell them apart.
One couple testified that Dr. Jacobson promised to use a new technique to inseminate the wife with her husband's sperm.
But some baseball people were skeptical yesterday that anyone would act.
Arguments about roles and anxiety about Franco's exile were once more postponed.
Each trek, we were assured, would offer commanding views.
By the nature of pro football, Brown and Mitchell now will be center stage in the Year of the Rookie Tight Ends at Giants Stadium.
Dealers said a lack of interest from retail investors forced bond prices down from their highs.
's J-cars, currently sold as the Pontiac Sunbird and Chevrolet Cavalier.
The Nuggets led by as many as 100-86 with 3:38 left in the game.
New Jersey corrections officials have declined to comment on the latest problems until a full investigation is completed.
She has made some friends on Metro-North, and the family's social life is bolstered by others from their church, St. Philip Neri Roman Catholic Church, on the Grand Concourse.
This year, the champion was Edward R. Murrow High School.
All of those marketers are shrewdly capitalizing, she said, on shoppers' decisions "not to make trade-downs, but to make trade-offs."
Specialist Patricia Carden, 40, a truck driver at the armory, wishes the war's luster would shine on forever.
Mylar envelopes ($7.65 for ten) are specially sized to shield comic books, as are acid-free comic-book boxes ($45.80 for five).
Too much is being lost because of this practice.
Only 32 percent said Mr. Clinton had good judgment under pressure, while 62 percent said that of Mr. Bush and 40 percent about Mr. Perot.
4 is Guns 'n' Roses.
-- consumer cost, industry profit, the speed of putting the system in place -- all depend on how the Government views the cellular experience, on how the new markets will be organized, with how many companies, how many customers each and in what size geographic regions.
Czechoslovakia began a voucher program last spring; Poland is poised to begin and Hungary, Bulgaria and Romania are speeding along.
The most serious problem could be caused by a dispute between Russia and Ukraine, which wants to exercise more authority over the nuclear forces on its territory until they are destroyed.
Moreover, the survey showed an increasingly large number of households are experiencing hardship.
Ms. Alexander, who is 45 years old, is studying tourism at Kingsborough Community College and hopes to operate a travel agency from her home when she retires from the service in three years.
In a statement yesterday, he described Harvey Golub, the company's president, as "the obvious internal candidate and a very good one, given his record and extensive knowledge of all our businesses."
Mr. Mollen said he still had not determined where the private security guards were inside the gym and whether they were aware of the stampede.
In Surf City, U.S.A., there used to be two girls for every boy, according to Beach Boys statistics.
The original Republican legislation would have allowed the districts to raise their budgets, a move Democrats said would have made it even more difficult, if not impossible, to close the spending gap.
Mr. Kelley said: "When I was growing up here, there were a lot of community centers that stayed open every night and brought people together.
Such efforts are having results.
But as Todd Marinovich stepped back in the pocket the other day and locked his eyes on a receiver, all he could hear was bodies crashing.
Robert Kaumeyer, a Christian Congregational minister, officiated at the Stouffer Chapel at Pepperdine University in Malibu, Calif. Mrs. Collar, 26 years old, graduated from Biola University.
He is Michael John Passarella.
He still directs and backs terrorists.
Many of the accompanying essays -- especially those by Martin Luther King Jr., Abraham Joshua Heschel, Kenneth B. Clark, Nathan Glazer and Norman Podhoretz -- give the reader a sense of being there at important junctures in this journey.
B12 Business Digest D1 Science Times C1-12 How can a future comet collision be avoided?
Each horse will have to tote 126 pounds for the mile and a quarter.
The duet also challenges its dancers and celebrates them.
The reduction would be achieved by cutting out minor family members and by an annual payment by the Queen from her private resources.
But the four-week average is up from the levels of September, when economists thought the nation's jobs picture might be improving.
In other places it echoes the more dissonant moments of the Beatles' "Sgt.
"It was my home," she says simply.
One fundamental value guides Justice Thomas's decisions: respect for the democratic process, especially at the local level.
But most mints were in England, and Congress didn't want to buy items made by its recent enemy.
Almost 30 years after the problem was solved, Guanajuato is still happily short of fast-food outlets and boutiques with anglicized names.
NY-870 lay passively on the sand and let the crew bundle it into the truck.
They will be joined in the Belmont Stakes by several star horses who skipped the Derby and the Preakness, starting with A.P.
The 84th Assembly District is a tale of two cities -- Mount Vernon and Yonkers -- with new lines drawn to insure the election of a minority candidate.
After jumping the tracks, the first car of the train rammed into a subway pillar and was cut in two toward the rear, leaving Mr. Ray and other passengers in the extreme front of the car uninjured.
Rather, it is one of several disorders grouped under the term dystonia, syndromes characterized by sustained muscle contractions.
Mr. Tsongas had the right message, an economic message, and it created his candidacy, giving voters a reason to choose him over his more charismatic opponents.
Tankers and cargo ships still use the Sandy Hook Channel to reach Port Newark, Port Elizabeth and the Kill Van Kull, said Tom Hoffman, a park ranger and historian.
Federal law once mandated that airlines serve the "public convenience and necessity," and that all fares and charges be "just and reasonable," meaning reasonably related to the cost of providing service and unencumbered by inequitable restrictions.
"Washing the White Blood From Daniel Boone" is a bizarre reworking of Piero della Francesca's famous "Baptism of Christ," with Boone substituted for Jesus and surrounded by American Indians.
The stories she perfected there, as well as before Central Park listeners, became fodder for 16 books.
One thing is certain, the horse-and-buggy system of primaries is running our democracy into the ground, and causing our best friends abroad a deal of worry.
A guided tour on Sunday at 1:30 P.M. of the Jumel Terrace neighborhood is the first in a series of walking tours in Harlem.
Kersey could not allow the noble profession of officiating to be humbled on such a vast international scale.
"1992 INTERNATIONAL STUDIO ARTISTS EXHIBITION."
He was a member of many professional organizations, including the American Medical Association, the Society for Experimental Biology and Medicine, the American Physiological Society and the American Heart Association.
Its initial work was with refugees from the Nazis, and later refugees of many Communist countries and other dictatorships.
The reasons for the temporary departure of most homeless people from the area are not clear.
Later, her emotional dueling with him became the pretext for a sword fight choreographed by Holly Harbinger and Alex Gombach.
"I don't know," his questioner replied.
Sometimes the world is just too violent for an innocent child."
Researchers say the decline could be a result of the devastating winter last year at the butterflies' roosting sites in the mountains of Mexico.
Usually a book's publication date is a basically meaningless convention meant to protect the publisher from reviews appearing before books arrive at stores, usually in the two weeks before or even after the official publication date.
"We'll see how it goes.
Be ready to go when Congress goes.
In a separate incident, 14 demonstrators were arrested when they confronted officers half an hour later, the police said.
The collision between the craft, one 18 feet long, the other a 20-footer, left injured boaters scattered along the riverbank and in the water.
But renewed fighting continued in Croatia on the first anniversary of its declaration of independence from the old Yugoslavia.
At least there's the prospect of playing the New England Patriots (0-3) next Sunday night at Giants Stadium.
For parents, doctors and nurses, this was a day for recognition, tears and awe as they reconciled their memories of the tiny, struggling patients they once cared for with the children they now watched toddle or run across the grass.
It was the first victory of the season for Houston after two losses to Seattle in Japan.
* New Jersey Resources Corp., Wall, N.J., named Oliver G. Richard 3d chairman and chief executive, succeeding J. T. Dolan Jr., who retired.
Edward A. Brennan, chairman and chief executive of Sears, said the company outfoxed the recession by eliminating about $600 million in annual expenses from its operations, which had depressed its earnings in 1990.
"The Attorney General's opinion mixes up two phrases, 'affordable housing' and 'low-income housing,' " he said, "and they are very different."
New Nations, New Flags Czechoslovakia's flag has become the subject of a sometimes bitter dispute.
As we boarded the Aerolineas Argentinas flight, two and a half hours late out of Kennedy International Airport on Jan. 29, it was the beginning of a nightmare.
In many displays at the fair, shop fittings straight from old apothecaries or haberdasheries were the inspiration for new closet systems, a growing furniture category that manufacturers hope will replace custom built-ins.
"We have heard that litigation has been threatened, and with litigation threatened, we just don't have a response," said Malone.
INSIDE PITCH The Cardinals, who earlier in the day placed second baseman JOSE QUENDO and outfielder FELIX JOSE on the 15-day disabled list, suffered another stunning loss when ANDRES GALARRAGA , a first baseman in whom much hope was invested, had his wrist broken by a WALLY WHITEHURST pitch in the fourth.
By the time his career ends, probably sometime around the turn of the 21st century, Ripken will be ranked second only to the legendary Honus Wagner among baseball's best shortstops.
Forty-four percent of all black children under age 5 lived in poverty in 1989; for whites the figure was 13.8 percent.
He was granted that credit because my father liked him and admired his talent.
KLM's net profits were 125 million guilders, or $69 million, compared with a loss of 630 million guilders, the previous year, which included a restructuring cost of 277 million guilders.
Although the European talent also comes from Sweden, Finland, Czechoslovakia and Germany, no hockey-playing nation holds the mystique of the one that used to display "C.C.C.P."
Asked if the company was developing a more comprehensive program for breast feeding, Ms. Bartholmey said, "We don't sell breast milk."
His father is a certified life underwriter for Sun Life Insurance in Billings.
"If you're talking about no significant work until the latter half of the decade, you're talking about a situation that is somewhat similar to the 1930's."
The Fresh Air Fund has improved recruitment in part by finding new ways of tapping the volunteerism of working women, students and retired people who may not be able to take a child into their home, said Jenny Morganthau, the Fund's executive director.
In millions of barrels except refinery utilization Source: American Petroleum Institute
"But interest is growing and concern is growing, and we're hearing from organizations we didn't even know existed."
They include Bob Rochetta, stand-up tuna and shark fishing; Jerry McKinnis, casting skills; Capt.
Then some 13,000 Jews, including 4,000 children, were arrested and confined in a cycling stadium, the Vel d'Hiver on the Left Bank, before being deported to Auschwitz and other death camps.
A water-repellent flap across the top of the foot covers the inner boot, and a zipper that runs on a diagonal, from your big toe to the outside of your ankle, seals the boot.
One of those, Senator Brock Adams of Washington, chose not to seek re-election.
*3*** COMPANY REPORTS ** View Full Article in Timesmachine »
"This is not at all unusual if you are psychoanalytically inclined."
Until then, the next steps are up to the city and to its commitment, and ability, to begin what Mr. Dinkins called "the blueprint for the changes needed to set the system right."
Instead, talk to them about how the cigarette companies are manipulating them through their advertising.
But his nine-strikeout performance in six and one-third innings became an agonizing effort.
"I thought Oak was awesome.
A19 Guilty plea by the owner of a plant where 25 people died in a fire.
"It's really nice to be rediscovered every few years," he said with a sigh.
At the last minute, he abruptly canceled a long-anticipated trip to Japan that had been scheduled to begin today.
Mr. Mentzel maneuvered the craft to break the ice into huge chunks, so he could work the clam rake.
"It's a risky move," said an executive at one medium-sized company.
It remains unclear whether these changes can be made through a series of protocols attached to the existing treaty, or whether they would require negotiating a new one -- something that supporters of unification like Chancellor Kohl hope to avoid at all costs.
The Nassau police reported no damage.
"At the winter meetings, everything with the Yankees was up in the air.
More than $:1.3 billion in debts were involved.
The slug remains lodged in his body, the authorities said.
Ms. Causey said that because of public complaints, Sammons and other cable operators are seeking ways to hold down the cost of basic service, which for Ms. Gutierrez rose to $17.50 a month.
Today's Columns Would a moderate economic recovery keep Bush in the White House?
A hand-painted poster decorating an auditorium in Springfield, Ill., where Mr. Bush appeared on Sunday, read, "Willie .
The truckers sold or traded shops among themselves, with no say on the part of the often-reluctant brides.
Last week, Mr. Kornilov and Mr. Del offered a glimpse into the archive through several hundred typed pages listing some of the programs that have already been catalogued.
Of 134 speeding violations, 91 drivers drove more than 10 miles over the limit, 39 drove more than 15 miles over the limit, and 4 drove more than 20 miles over the limit, the police said.
Mounting the stairs, he explains how Legs was sleeping when three shots to his head permamently interrupted his dreams.
"He likes 'em," Mr. Wheeler said of his young boss.
But he insisted that its vitality was linked with the continued strength of Welsh male bonding, and he seemed less sure about that.
Clothes don't have to be bare to look sexy.
*If fresh flowers are sent, think in terms of a small bouquet rather than an elaborate arrangement.
They were among the first riot victims to apply for Small Business Administration loans.
It must not only worry about vying with the likes of France, Germany and Italy for investment but also with some Eastern European countries with well-educated, low-wage work forces.
So he used his time on the podium to talk about some of his favorite subjects.
King Juan Carlos, competed in the 1972 Olympics in Munich in the Dragon Class, while his sister, Princess Cristina, competed in the 1988 Olympics.
Mrs. Clark, 28 years old, is the national sales manager of the New York design firm of Kathryn Dianos.
The Hibernians have contended that the march is an expression of Irish-Americans' Catholic heritage, and that including the gay group would not be in keeping with that heritage.
Gross, who recently laid out a plan for making Queens a region-wide railway hub, counters: "Zoning is a development tool.
"Bye-bye Ben," Ms. Kalla says.
In France, crepes made with shredded zucchini are a popular summer bistro dish, served with roast chicken or a simple tossed green salad.
But Mr. Essertier is the first -- and to date, the only -- person to assert that the common practice of writing a will while you're still very much alive leads to death.
To CBS's credit, it also conducted a nationwide survey of a randomly selected sample, and Dan Rather briefly reported the result: 32 percent of 1,241 people surveyed considered themselves worse off than four years ago, or about the same as in the poll a month previously.
Then the bullpen took over and dominated, with a little help from Mattingly.
"I remember the first time I was huddling down in a trench facing fire and one of the men I brought out, a journalist who had been in Vietnam, smiled at me and said, 'Don't you just love it!'
The nebulous terms "art film" and "independent specialty film" do not represent distinct categories that are tracked by the industry.
The police said today that nine more blacks had died in other incidents in South Africa, including seven killed in a shootout with the police in Soweto.
There it is read by military specialists, often called "scope dopes" because they spend so much time over the radar monitors.
The Century Club, whose members are mainly writers and artists, has not experienced as sharp a loss in membership, but it was nevertheless obliged to sell one of its most valuable paintings, "The Power of Music," by William Sidney Mount, last October to pay for renovations to its Stanford White building, at 7 West 43d Street.
The United States has also been assailed by poor countries who charge that Washington should come up with more money to help them pay for programs to protect their environments.
The Boston Symphony was an ideal partner for his values.
The Americans overbid slightly, using a scientific auction that would have been barred for their opponents.
The Labor Party, which had no women in the Parliament that was dissolved two weeks ago, elected five.
(The operation had been scheduled before he won.)
The National Restaurant Association, the U.S. Chamber of Commerce and the National Federation of Independent Business have included articles on the law in publications sent to their members.
"It's hard to deal with everbody slapping you on the back and saying how great you are," Gibbs said of being being the defending champion.
It has not taken him long to learn that his interests are not best advanced by tightly controlled traditional news programs, where professionals ask the questions.
"I guess I'm very low key," said Robert L. Olden Sr., a Deputy County Executive for three years.
For the first time the President will have ads that focus on his foreign-policy record, especially the American victory in the Persian Gulf.
I really can't comment on what the executive council will or won't do, including looking into it.
"I figured they only wanted me as a practice body.
"It's a national problem," said Jon M. Alander, commissioner of the human resources department in Connecticut.
Her mother is a psychologist at the George Hess Educational Complex, an elementary school in Mays Landing, N.J. Mr. Eichenbaum, 27, is the vice president of sales and marketing in Jersey City for Telemundi International Inc., a marketing company.
Over the last two years, Congressional investigators, law enforcement agencies and state regulators have documented growing networks of such companies, often based in the Caribbean, that have sold hundreds of millions of dollars of insurance, from automobile to health to liability policies.
All told, Edwin S. Rothschild, energy policy director of Citizen Action, a consumer research organization in Washington, estimated that the increase for consumers across the country would be about $50 or more if the weather is colder.
The sculpture is bright red and full of life."
As one of the country's most middle-of-the-road cities, it is is considered an ideal test market.
Unisys posted its first quarterly profit in two years and said orders were picking up, leading its stock to rise sharply.
Mr. Pretlow said last week that although he strongly supported additional school aid he wants money for urban areas.
Even if no one can see the whole thing, or even be sure it is intact.
Bush Turns Around President Bush had opposed making permanent changes but had sought another emergency extension.
At the Governor's urging, Democratic leaders pushed the $2.8 billion tax package through the Legislature during the first six months of Mr. Florio's administration.
A judge has extended by a year the deadlines for New York City to comply with its mandatory recycling law, which Mayor David N. Dinkins and the Sanitation Department have violated by not collecting the required amount of recyclable materials like newspapers, metal and glass containers.
"We're not an advocacy organization, but our department heads agree that it's important for people to understand the scientific questions involved in the threat of global warming.
Still, Mr. Jiddah said that even he, as an Arafat opponent, was glad that the P.L.O.
The current thinking on it is not quite as complete or clear cut as the universal infant recommedation, but we do recommend that when possible, especially if children are in any high-risk group, they be vaccinated whenever they can be."
Like all pastoral people they have had to deal with a hostile environment.
"I couldn't believe it," the voice persists, "when I saw you pick up the first one."
The current compensation system was set up in the 1920's for radio programs by CBS's founder, William S. Paley, Mr. Malara said.
Before he was officially presented as the new head coach of the New Jersey Nets today, Chuck Daly telephoned Derrick Coleman to make a connection with the team's brilliant but moody forward.
Will Oscar De La Hoya, the only American fighter to win a gold medal at Barcelona, strike it rich in the pros?
40 and Harpsichord Concerto No.
Not so with Pissarro, whose career was such a constant search for new ways to paint that even to describe him as an Impressionist is problematic.
Her African prints included abstract motifs in beige on navy backgrounds, zebra markings and blue skies peeping through jungle foliage.
An additional 1.2 million households tuned in to the convention on CNN.
They are basically spinning out of control right now."
Their show offers entertainment values that are universal, which is why the performance, at 8 P.M. on Friday at the Garde Arts Center in New London, is included in the theater's "Family Fun" series (444-7373).
He has been urged by leaders of Brazil's Green Party, on whose national committee he serves, to run for Congress, but after much thought he decided not to continue his political career.
"Sublease clauses used to be a tiny part of a lease document," said Edward Goldman, managing director of Edward S. Gordon Company.
Fund-raising reports made public on Thursday showed that the Clinton campaign raised $3.3 million last year, $2 million of it December.
Dealers said investors remained worried about corporate profits, German interest rates and how the French will vote in a September referendum on the European political and economic union.
That not only offends many Irish and Irish-Americans who feel excluded by so designating this national holiday, but is also unsupported by the record.
The company said results are on a pro forma basis to reflect changes in the company's tax status resulting from its initial public offering in September.
Grinning, he would approach the blackboard and solve the problem, using a more sophisticated level of mathematics than our class knew.
On Dec. 11 he pleaded no contest, although he contended that the pipes had been given to him by a friend for safekeeping.
'See You Next November' But after midnight, the winds picked up and the helium balloon began rotating over the 30,000-pound tractor holding it to the ground.
's basic guideline is that there are no immutable rules.
Mr. Bush was given the edge in two categories in the poll: protecting family values and seeing to it that the United States is respected by other countries.
A statement issued by the ranch said he had died of cancer, which had been discovered only in recent weeks.
And the respectful silence for Jesse Jackson was tinged with the sadness of defeat.
holders into the service on the same basis as high school graduates, because recruits with G.E.D.
But he said it could take two more months for it to become evident that the economy is not improving and, in the meantime, the market might rise.
Of those full-length copies, the recording industry estimates, a third took the place of sales.
And capitalism's spoils have trickled down.
By taking this course, say the Libertarians with a capital L, we could do away with the Internal Revenue Service.
The items will be on display Tuesday through May 8, when anyone may have a look and enter a base bid and a maximum bid on one or more plates.
They are serving time not for their political beliefs but for crimes related to the $7.1 million Wells Fargo robbery in West Hartford, Conn., in 1982.
The local bank, the Farmers National Bank, has been swallowed up by a larger institution whose headquarters are in Chicago.
Put the peppers, salt, pepper, yogurt and ricotta into a food processor and process until smooth.
"Why make war on monuments?"
"In those days there were many fewer overweight children than there are today," she said.
Buyers are fearful of having two mortgages to pay.
She had been describing in graphic detail the horror she said she had endured in the boxer's hotel suite.
Most often, she lets her questions fill in the details about what happened.
William J. Greenberg, a certified public accountant in Manhattan whose practice is limited to co-ops and condominiums, reminds owners of these units that they can include as an improvement any special assessment levied to improve common areas such as a roof or lobby.
I allow myself some small middle-aged rage at the commercial assaults.
Closing the circle on film history, some producers have gone back to simultaneous multilingual versions of the same film.
"Women and Social Security retirees in particular want a safe, clean place to come home to," he added.
Cardinals 3, Pirates 1 Bob Tewksbury scattered seven hits and lowered his National League-leading earned run average to 1.94 tonight as the St. Louis Cardinals beat the Pittsburgh Pirates, 3-1.
Brett hit the first pitch over second baseman Ken Oberkfell of the Angels into right field for his fourth hit of the night.
Vincent has worked to help the Giants in their effort to get a new stadium in the San Francisco area.
Then I get flashbacks of Daddy, of Daddy getting ready for work, turning all the lights in the house on, and me going around after him putting them out.
Such commitment has brought more competitive pressures and questions.
The Justice Department has told the White House that registered lobbyists for foreign companies and governments cannot serve on Federal Government advisory panels, Administration officials said today.
Ray Potts, service manager of Ken Smith Lincoln Mercury-Yugo-Peugeot in Ridgewood, N.J., said that shortly after he received the letter announcing Yugo's United States withdrawal he went to Yugo America headquarters in nearby Upper Saddle River.
Caporale, who moved to Long Island two years ago, moonlighted as a restaurant worker in Florida for five years to support himself because he made little money from golf.
Amtrak plans to electrify this route by 1997.
2 Big Road Games The Hoyas, who still have to play at Seton Hall on Wednesday and at St. John's on March 2, could build the third-best road record in Big East history.
Performances run through May 10.
There are more kids going into the juvenile-justice system and more kids being locked up, but juvenile crime is worse than ever."
In "The Case of the Reckless Romeo," a talk-show host is murdered after the release of his autobiography, which details his affairs with several prominent women, including a Congressman's wife.
A synthesizer almost swallowed "Maggie May," but then the guitarist Don Teschner stepped in with a mandolin and saved the day.
The closest the Soviets came to admitting their mistake, even in their own top-secret documents, was in a report filed on Nov. 28, 1983, by experts from the Soviet Defense Ministry, the K.G.B.
Iraq's Kurds rose up last year against a Baghdad Government weakened by the gulf war.
And the price of the 4.625 percent three-year note was up 4/32 to yield 4.31 percent, down from 4.35 percent.
Some on Wall Street think so.
Watson, who knows that any effort to change the disciplinary system would incite a fight with the union, said he also would propose a different way to handle bench-clearing brawls triggered by a batter's charging the mound.
Hammer DeRoburt, the first President of the wealthy South Pacific republic of Nauru, died here today.
Higgs's touchdown, his second of the night, spoiled Cleveland's three-touchdown fourth quarter.
In one display, was a melted and broken teacup that had nearly survived the wreckage of the bombs dropped on Hiroshima, Japan.
'We Will Not Compromise' "While the lingering effects of the national recession require that we make these adjustments, we will not compromise on the Governor's budget priorities," he said.
Daniels, he said, sometimes doesn't pay attention long enough.
Peter Ustinov Deirdre Murphy .
The Senate leadership was impressed and made him head of the Democratic Senatorial Campaign Committee, a fund-raising job that has traditionally been a springboard for bigger things.
When she becomes the owner of a hotel, a woman finds herself haunted by past heartaches.
They said three black men followed a 23-year-old white man onto the train, made racial slurs pertaining to the paint incident in the Bronx, then slapped him in the face.
Mr. Moroney began with a group of pieces by Louis Couperin, drawn from various sources and arranged as a dance suite.
Tonight, American Express plans to renew a longstanding battle against Visa over Olympic sponsorship by running two provocative television commercials created by Chiat/Day/Mojo Inc. in New York.
In the weekly Tuesday marketing meeting, there is bad news from the "Gladiator" front.
The Unified Team defeated Canada, 5-4, in a tightly played match last week during Group B play.
"When we heard the news that he had moved parts of his lower body, it was such a feeling of joy," said Jets defensive tackle Scott Mersereau.
Last performance of the season.
Mr. Stipanovich did not return a call to his office today.
Thomas Hill spent much of the last meeting matched against Rose.
Downstairs, a bar with reproductions of chairs by Antoni Gaudi leads to a restaurant in the back where everything from the light fixtures to the cutlery has a designer imprimatur.
'Cause for Grave Concern' "What we have seen gives us cause for grave concern," the study concluded.
Through his lawyer, Leonard E. Davies, he declined to comment.
The report says Iran has enough material to build two or three nuclear weapons.
Right under their noses, with their connivance and the connivance of many officials, India's heritage is being destroyed."
Being the presumptive incumbent cost Howard Samuels the Democratic gubernatorial nomination in 1974.
(Newspaper Marketing Inc.) But in January, plans for N.M.I.
During one of the recent Palestinian-Israeli negotiations, the Palestinian delegates were going on at length about United Nations resolution 242.
The Arkansas Governor has never seriously tried to overturn his state's law outlawing closed-shop union contracts, and he did not march on Saturday.
The New York Chamber Symphony's final concerts of the season are to take place tonight at 8 o'clock and tomorrow at 3 P.M. at the 92d Street Y, on Lexington Avenue in Manhattan.
1 Bush campaigned in two states, and also on two fronts.
Today, about one in six members of America's workforce belongs to a union, compared to more than a third of the workforce back then.
Kamieniecki, 1-3 and without a victory since May 15, proved part of the problem last night.
On the Comex, silver bullion closed at $4.173 an ounce, up from $4.17 late on Monday.
PRE-CONCERT LECTURES, Avery Fisher Hall.
Simply put, kosher refers not to certain foods or a style of cooking them but rather to whether the ingredients and equipment used meet a strict set of religious standards as monitored by rabbis.
There were unconfirmed reports in the British press late today that the Duchess was preparing to leave Balmoral, and perhaps the country, possibly to stay with her mother in Argentina.
"I knew we went through a stretch where we weren't, and everybody made a big deal out of it.
It is unfortunate, however, that the first mention of the vast sums that individual scientists, directly and indirectly, bring to the city was in an article with a negative cast.
As for Ms. Love, he added, "She and I are having dialogue" as to her future.
Although the compromise plan may include a provision requiring the state board that approved the new regulations to recertify its decision after the study is completed, that would appear unlikely to result in a reversal.
Sukova will face fourth-seeded Jana Novotna, who rallied past Sabine Applemans, 3-6, 6-1, 6-0.
Admiring it one recent day, then heading back through the cluttered hallways, Patti Cohen, Ms. Karan's best friend and colleague of 16 years, got lost.
Premieres of works by Arvo Part, David Diamond and Stephen Albert and what is believed to be the first complete Schubert piano sonata cycle in the United States are among the highlights of the 1992-93 season at the Tisch Center for the Arts of the 92d Street Y.
Mr. Tarnow of Merck, who was also scheduled to testify at the hearing on behalf of the Pharmaceutical Manufacturers Association of Canada, said Mr. Schondelmeyer's numbers relied upon unrealistic assumptions that growth in sales at current drug prices could be maintained in the face of rapidly growing competition.
For the back, get a 4-by-8-foot sheet of quarter-inch-thick plywood, with one side smooth.
"But I'm sure that those who lost their lives will not have died in vain.
Gilkey hit a 3-2 pitch from Butch Henry (4-9) over the left field wall for his fourth home run, breaking a 1-1 tie.
Jensen manufactures custom-designed precision tool kits for electronic technicians, communications workers and precision mechanics, and distributes them mainly through catalogue sales.
Do we inform the White House?
I had to prove myself.
They could invite Robert Morgenthau, the New York District Attorney, who might educate them about what is going on in the captive neighborhoods.
"Like Mr. Lee," he said.
Restaurants, buses, elevators, movie lines: it's an unending aural banquet.
Farouk Nimad held the hand of his 13-year-old daughter, Nevine Farouk, as she lay swathed in bandages.
Only passage of the Freedom of Choice Act can remove them and restore the freedom women enjoyed before Casey and its 1989 predecessor, the Webster case, which upheld Missouri's restrictions on abortion.
The Media Business Publishers are looking at their bottom lines and at the propos als offered to them, and, with a new sense of restraint, they are learning to say, "No, thanks."
They've seen too many sorry losses, too many defeats in which the Giants weren't playing as hard for Handley as they had for Parcells in other seasons.
"During this crisis, people from all over the game have called him.
Anyone who has been following the savings-and-loan debacle will find no revelations in this somewhat belated 90-minute edition of "Today," but it does offer examples of the sort of greed, chicanery, political string-pulling and official negligence that are costing taxpayers hundreds of billions of dollars.
"I don't feel we are rivals," she said yesterday.
The program will be repeated on Sunday at 5 P.M. on the North Plaza.
By contrast, angiosperms evolved a dazzling array of seductive traits like flowers and nectar to lure insects, birds and bats.
Willie Colon, Legal Alien, Caribbean All-Stars.
New Orleans Heat Bill Dillard and "Hot French Quarter Jazz," Michael's Pub, 211 East 55th Street, midtown Manhattan, (212) 758-2272.
His four-stroke lead was cut in half.
CLINTON: The only thing I would say about that is I think that on the economy Mr. Bush said for a long time there was no recession and then said it would be better to do nothing than to have a compromise effort with the Congress.
"A win would mask the problem, but there's no question there was a problem," Messier said.
They challenged him a couple of times.
The Knicks just wouldn't go away and there was nothing Jordan and the Bulls seemed capable of doing about it.
A few years later, Stride Rite bought Sperry Top-Sider, just in time to supply the emergent generation of "preppies" with their leisure shoes of choice.
One prevailing theory, and the main reason NBC picked Mr. Leno over Mr. Letterman as Johnny Carson's successor, is that Mr. Letterman's more unconventional and acerbic comedy may be too sharply edged for viewers in the earlier time period.
The Peltier case is a complicated tangle involving extradition from Canada, a trial and several unsuccessful appeals (including one pending).
All this is thousands of cubits beyond what can be done with books and paper.
A few theorists, including no less a student of the game than Mr. Nixon, who lives in Park Ridge, have suggested that suburban discontent might benefit Ross Perot's recently revivified independent candidacy, and it is true that there are more independents than Republicans or Democrats in New Jersey.
At least that banker can say he did not know that the borrower was a cheapjack.
Mr. Yamamoto, who is 70 and was Mazda's president from 1984 until 1987, will become "supreme counselor and senior adviser" to the company but will no longer have a seat on the board.
The food processors do not want to offend either the Government, upon which they are dependent for rice allocations, or the politically powerful farmers.
Spain has passed very quickly from being a land of emigration to one of immigration."
"It's about the coming of age of Miss Sherri, when she realizes she can do something for herself, to be the center of her own universe."
Until that moment, the film maker has received almost fawning respect from his subjects, especially from those former Communist Party officials who governed the German Democratic Republic and presided over its collapse.
Retrovir, the anti-AIDS drug, has received a lot of attention -- partly because of complaints that it was priced too high.
If you look at some of the prices of the 70's you will understand that the $10,000 Cadillac of 1978 now costs $35,000.
"In 1980 I would never have even asked someone like Adrian Rogers to this kind of event and that shows how natural it's become for our leaders to get involved in political affairs," said the chief organizer of both the 1980 and 1992 briefings, Ed McAteer of Memphis, the president of the Religious Roundtable, a nondenominational group active in the politics of the religious right.
Using masking tape, attach the template to the door at a convenient height, usually at least four inches above the doorknob, and then prick through the template with the point of a nail where the instructions on the template indicate.
But Michael, defending his method, explained: "I'm saying to them, 'Are you ready to accept an offer.'
His first marriage ended in divorce.
The officials also said they could not account for the Insurance Institute's results because Ford had not separately analyzed the accident data for the two versions of the Bronco II.
The Council also voted to assess the possibility of bringing in massive aid supplies under United Nations protection.
Years later, the addition, named Sporting Ridge, was acquired by Guillermo Villas, the former tennis star, and his coach, Ian Tiriac, to be used for practice and as a vacation retreat.
Appetizers on the current menu include warm mozzarella with string beans and mushrooms; mixed grilled vegetables; salmon tartar, and shrimp with beans in parsley and olive oil sauce.
Returning to corporate law, he was a partner with Sullivan, Shea & Kenney in Washington until 1970 and then with Cox, Langford & Brown firm.
Jeffrey Fiedler, secretary treasurer of the Food and Allied Service Trades Department of the A.F.L.-C.I.O., said the Chinese were known to use forced labor in about 80 product lines.
Josh Kornbluth, walking up Broadway, past what was the New Yorker bookstore at 89th Street and is now a high-rise, said of that time: "It was a wonderful world.
She grew up in Philadelphia.
Competitors disputed the significance of Hertz's announcement.
"This off season will be important for me," said Brown, a 6-foot-5-inch, 215-pounder.
Intensive use of synthetic chemicals runs the risk of further polluting water supplies through runoff, and a number of advocates urge the adoption of alternative methods of cultivation that rely on organic fertilizers and natural pest controls.
He also mixed new works with Baroque and Romantic scores to show the continuity of the organ repertory.
The rule of thumb is that synthetic chemicals should be used sparingly rather than routinely, as a last resort when biological and cultivation methods fail.
After trading two of his longtime stars, Torrey sees his roster filled with new faces and his record worse than it was last season at this time.
From 1965 to 1972, under the agency's auspices, Dr. Orentreich experimented on about 700 patients.
"I don't know how I did it," he said.
"Sure, I've had big catches for long yards, but I've made my living keeping drives going and being the possession-type guy," he said.
It was enthusiastically supported by Gov.
"But she has beaten them so many times."
She added that a recent organizational change, which had split hardware and software engineering into two separate organizations, had "severed engineering's link to our customers."
But Mr. Clark said he had hatched the idea for Alamo's cuts the weekend before.
"Off the ice, when she was younger, she was a very quiet girl.
In 1985 Mr. Fisher found the treasure-laden Spanish galleon Nuestra Senora de Atocha, which sank in 1622 about 40 miles off Key West.
From interviews with many of the players, their stories, for the most part, had similar rings.
"I know I'm getting the freshest lobster on the Island, and it's a lot less expensive than anywhere else.
The ending is especially weak, as the film builds toward a visionary episode that winds up looking absurd.
To the Editor: Peter Passell's Oct. 15 Economic Scene column states that Gov.
After nearly three decades of combat against the two Marxist rebel groups, which were founded in the 1960's with help from the Soviet Union and Cuba, the Colombian Government has been able to confine most rebel activity to remote areas, away from the major cities.
Other troubled sporting-goods retailers similar to Herman's include Oshman's Sporting Goods in Houston, which has lost money in its last two fiscal years.
At 9 tonight on Channel 13.
That help is compression technology, which can squeeze data into a compact form for storage, then "un squeeze" it back again for use.
Richard Norman, university vice president for administration and associate treasurer, said the university was seeking a package similar to that signed by other state employee unions.
"To lose them because of economic difficulties would be really a loss for mankind," Mr. Soros said.
"I cannot go to the park because it's too dangerous," Lois Hill, a black woman, told the President.
"This came about," Mr. Bernstein said, "because of a recent Supreme Court ruling that said that if the estate of a notable person does not make a good faith effort to exploit that person's name and likeness within two years, then it becomes public domain.
THESE ARE bittersweet days for the Vatican.
Their prime-time aggression was muted, and ultimately disappointing.
He called in both players at halftime and told both that McMahon would start the second half but that Cunningham would re-enter the game.
Although Porter was gay, his relationship with Linda was profound.
Last weekend, while doing calculations preparatory to filing my income tax, I came across some figures that I believe accurately reflect the problem of the middle class.
"It tells you that the pressure is working."
Mr. Katz, 29, is a vice president of M.J. Capital, a commodities trading concern in Great Neck.
If discrimination is proven, Ms. McCulloch said, attempts at mediation would follow.
In the new poll, 57 percent of the voters who watched the debate said Mr. Perot's performance made them think better of him.
There is a show by Alejandro Mario Yllanes, a Bolivian painter who vanished in 1946 after winning, but not claiming, a Guggenheim Fellowship.
DOCTOR FACES 'DUMPING' CHARGE The Harlem Hospital doctor who hospital officials said turned away a woman in labor, forcing her to give birth in the hospital's waiting room, is to be charged with a criminal misdemeanor, making him the first doctor to be prosecuted under a state law that bars hospitals from turning patients away in emergencies.
Transit, said she expected normal service into and out of Penn Station this morning.
In 1987, Gen. John W. Vessey Jr., a former Chairman of the Joint Chiefs of Staff, was appointed a special presidential envoy to Hanoi.
It took Huggins and the players fitting all the different pieces together to form a common bond.
It takes a maverick to resist conventional wisdom and believe that at 42 years of age he can win the heavyweight title.
For the first time the Commission took up conditions in the former Portuguese colony of East Timor, annexed by Indonesia in 1975.
Both Eagleton and O'Loughlin used nicotine gum after the clinic's program of counseling and medical monitoring.
"It's almost shocking how few disagreements we had," said Mr. Steinberg.
New York and Connecticut conduct regular tests, the report said, but New Jersey does not.
Another friend, John Guzman, 20, who lives next to the Mirandas on the fourth floor, said that he had never heard arguing in the apartment.
When a man on the fifth floor complained about some of the building's 130 violations, the Kirshes roamed the halls with their four snarling pit bulls, tenants said.
"The regulations make no sense.
"I don't think any of us ever argued that this was going to cut prices in half," said Richard Kessel, executive director of the New York State Consumer Protection Board.
Andrea Elisa Karsch, a daughter of Mr. and Mrs. Sol Karsch of Flushing, Queens, was married last night in New Hyde Park, L.I., to Michael Neal Druckman, a son of Mr. and Mrs. Richard Druckman of Princeton Junction, N.J.
Even with a $970,000 Federal grant, the program is able to serve only 120 of the city's 15,000 high school students.
The cannoli and cheesecake were not available on this writer's visits, but the tiramisu was a sinfully rich creamy mix served in a stemmed goblet.
Bird hit three of the five 3-pointers, a 20-foot shot, virtually a layup for Bird.
"But, you know, 401 would be nice."
A12 CLEANUP IN DULUTH The investigation and cleanup of the derailment that turned Duluth, Minn., into a virtual ghost town for several hours on Tuesday was hampered by heavy rains, winds and the potential for an explosion.
"Then after the Elvis stamp, I contacted Robert Tisch," she continued, referring to the former Postmaster General.
Donald Reid sometimes had to sneak out of his house in Astoria at night to earn his living driving his livery cab in the Bronx.
Confession Unacceptable In the last few weeks Dr. Bean-Bayog had been negotiating with the board for a settlement, but in her letter she said the board's offer to suspend her license was unacceptable because, she wrote, "It required me to confess to conduct I did not commit."
Seiji Ozawa took up some unfinished business on Saturday evening, conducting the Boston Symphony Orchestra in a tribute to the French composer Olivier Messiaen, who died in April.
But there is no better stage-set version of an old country store anywhere -- sweaters are piled up on old tables, shirts stacked in old cupboards, old postcards, photographs, and a handful of household antiques are carefully positioned to look as if they had always been there.
Going into their game with the Cardinals last night, they had gone 2-8 and had been caught by the Expos after leading the division for the bulk of the season.
"We have to stay positive," he said.
One thing he did on that Sunday morning was teach how to meditate.
Good enough to be on a five-game winning streak heading into a home game this afternoon against the Golden State Warriors.
In a newly drawn district that stretches from eastern Queens to Suffolk County, Gary L. Ackerman, a Democrat elected in 1983, is on the defensive against another Republican Suffolk County legislator, Allan E. Binder, who received some prominent endorsements and has needled Mr. Ackerman for his 111 overdrafts.
Sartre emerged as a disagreeable and often cruel man; Beauvoir also lost her luster as we discovered her self-absorption, her submission, her coldness.
On the side is a tiny packet of five slices of seaweed to wrap around rice and pickles.
Siena The Saints (2-3) are coming off a 70-58 loss to Massachusetts and a 74-70 overtime victory over Hartford.
"Supervisors listen to you and everyone works together."
"You let him, and he'll do word puzzles all day."
The money will also be used to pay for open-heart surgery, costing $35,000 or more per patient, to replace cracked valves.
Evidence that Cone's 92-mile-an-hour fastball has been frequently unavailable has turned up all spring, the radar gun blinking in most consistently at 88 or 89.
should review the republics' military budgets and make its findings available to the World Bank, the European Bank for Reconstruction and Development and the Organization for Economic Cooperation and Development.
July 15-Aug. 9: "The Sound of Music."
The child was found the next morning unharmed on a lawn.
Environmental concerns over wetlands and a previous developer's failure delayed construction for five years on the 90-acre parcel.
Mr. Evans, who is 56 and is known as Barry, is a son of Laura Evans of Falls Church, Va., and the late Haydn L. Evans.
Billings for an initial campaign, expected to begin next month, were estimated to exceed $4 million.
His father is the vice president and general manager of Air-Lock Log Company in Las Vegas, a builder of log cabins.
Most of these lyrics are written about real events and real episodes in people's lives.
Certainly, the film whose poster says: "Power.
Charter schools are similar to conventional public schools in that they are tuition-free and receive support from both the state and the local school district, but they are allowed many of the freedoms normally associated with private schools in designing their own curriculums and in setting their own goals.
6 A COMPILATION OF NUCLEAR PERILS Four decades of accidents at the troubled Hanford nuclear bomb plant, including fires, explosions, fuel melting, safety system failures, and worker exposures to radiation and dangerous chemicals, were made public in new list compiled by the Government.
Ms. Feldman has the ability to apply political pressures not only through her own membership but also through the 300,000 teachers statewide.
The proposal would also require N. J.
The company, based in Bethpage, L.I., said it earned $21.4 million, or 61 cents a share, in the period ended Sept. 30.
Last week, Mr. Perot said his duPont-related losses totaled "around $60 million."
For a gardener, the term means that two will have to be planted, that is, a male plant and a female plant since the male and female flowers are borne by different plants.
And in the more than 17 cases appealed by the American Civil Liberties Union on behalf of arrested mothers, every charge has been thrown out, according to figures from the organization.
The major league record for a nine-inning game is 36, accomplished by Philadelphia against Louisville in a National League game on Aug. 17, 1894.
Why is Bush attacking Clinton?
A few who have a history of running away are kept in chains, he said.
The latter is Charlie Simms (Chris O'Donnell), a scholarship student at a snobbish New England prep school who takes on the job of minding Colonel Slade over Thanksgiving vacation.
He told the panel that a slowdown on the part of regulators in the pace of closing failing banks, last experienced in the 1988 election year, would only increase the cost of closing the ailing institutions later.
The military operation in the Balkans would be the first collective military action by NATO since the collapse of the Soviet Union, according to officials at the United States Defense Department.
'We Could Win Here' But drug officials are worried that either Congress or the Bolivian Government will force them to pull back at a critical juncture.
Life indeed does go on.
It showed people you can do it.
Mike T. Ege 26, Assistant manager of America's Legal Bookstore The administration seems to have an agenda to turn the clock back 40 years in terms of taking away people's rights, and a very harsh attitude toward civil rights, defendants' rights, capital punishment.
This is the Day of the Dead, Nov. 1, when families lay out food and drink and mementos for deceased loved ones.
Clorox has a number of leading brands in fairly small markets, and the company's main challenge is finding new ways to grow.
There are also sunglasses, made under a licensing agreement with Colors in Optics, and footwear (shoes, in fashionspeak) by Carrano.
Cape Cod Views Cape Cod Academy, 50 Osterville-West Barnstable Road (Exit 5 from Route 6), Osterville, Mass.
's North American operations in 1990, 1991 and the first three quarters of this year as more than $12 billion in pretax losses piled up.
Ball State (4-0) led just by 31-20 at halftime.
His father, who is retired, was the chairman of Kalan, Sutton, McGraw Inc., a venture-capital and consulting concern in Short Hills, N.J.
Was he staying clean and making sure he avoided temptation?
The inmate, William Andrews, 37 years old, went to his death at the Utah State Prison after 18 years on death row and a flurry of appeals in the final hours.
It is the largest wooden church in France as well as one of its oldest, with its north nave built in 1468 and the south nave added 30 years later.
Mr. Klaus told reporters that a referendum on breaking up the nation "is not impossible but also not obligatory" under the plan for separation approved by the two sides.
"But," he maintains, "it is values and attitudes -- culture -- that differentiate ethnic groups and are mainly responsible" when nations or communities prosper.
"No, I'll take the street," says Dennis as one of the officers prepares to escort him out of the subway.
Its characters are smart, idealistic, passionate people who are living their lives to the fullest.
"I simply signed an agreement to safeguard social peace," Finance Minister Mihaly Kupa said after the Government agreed to the new measures.
The production, choreographed by K. T. Nelson, is a sign of the enterprise of this troupe from San Francisco.
"You've got to take your hat off to them," said Daniel Klesken, a semiconductor analyst at Prudential Securities Inc. in San Francisco.
"I miss a lot, but I don't miss seeing people doing bad things," he said yesterday.
He said he could prove that the last three South Korean presidents were secretly taking money from the giant industrial groups, because he had personally paid some of it.
Brokers reserve the right to require short sellers to cover their positions at any time.
At dusk on the bank of the Hudson River, Chief Oren Lyons of the Onondaga nation led a sundown ritual that included solemn chanting.
The Dow lost 6.04, to 3,363.37.
The accuracy of the latest survey could not be independently confirmed, but it is the first time in more than two decades that Saudi Arabia has taken an official position on the subject.
Expansion Is Dismissed Small wonder, said Professor Mankiw and others, that little was discussed at the meeting about the distinct likelihood that an economic expansion may already be under way.
But in other respects, the resolution is closely modeled on the rebuke the Security Council gave Israel nearly a year ago.
Under normal circumstances, when a rent-regulated apartment is vacated in a building that has been converted to a co-op, it is no longer governed by the rules of rent regulation.
For example, every one of the 16 post-World War II budget deficits to reach 3 percent or more of gross national product -- the level most economists agree cannot be sustained -- has come at a time of divided government (Harry Truman's in 1947-48, Gerald R. Ford's in 1975-76, Ronald Reagan's in 1981-88 and George Bush's in 1989-92).
Most of the space was left unfinished.
The same day, the British Foreign Secrtary, Douglas Hurd, was in Athens, warning the Croats as well as the Serbs to lay off in Bosnia.
For those being paid more than $70,000 a year, the raise would be retroactive to Jan. 1, 1992, while those being paid under $70,000 would receive raises as of July 1, 1991.
Shelves can be about an inch and a half wider than the length of brackets supporting them.
As much as Mr. Clinton courted the local press, even he had his limits.
But representatives of the Hispanic community say the application is a way to prevent the turnover of the apartments to poor minorities.
Finally, Justsystem must develop software for PC networks and for window-based operating systems like the Apple Macintosh.
Judging from this recital, he is not yet a public performer; there is still something private about him.
These animals typically produce too many offspring to be supported by the environment, and removal of one or a few individuals should not affect the fate of these species in the slightest, he said.
Mr. Povich, 31, graduated from Union College and received a J.D.
With all of this playing out in public, Mr. Gates, the Director of Central Intelligence, and Attorney General William P. Barr have made no evident move to end the feud.
Stories of such assaults, robberies and extortion are seldom discussed in Flushing's Chinatown, and then only in whispers.
It is, I believe, contrary to the intent of the statute that occupancy restrictions could apply if the apartment was not the tenant's primary residence."
Once Danny Tartabull signed a five-year, $25.5 million contract as a free agent, Williams said it was apparent "the Yankees feel I'm not a big part of their plans."
"Princess," published in 1956 and revised in 1973, told of his experiences in rebuilding and sailing a sloop.
This is in part true.
Whites in Mount Greenwood see that kind of reaction as hypersensitivity.
Fragrant sumac plants are available from Forestfarm, 990 Tetherow Road, Williams, Ore. 97544, (503) 846-6963; and McKay Nursery, attention Keith Rudolph, Waterloo, Wis. 53594, (414) 478-2121.
Professor Cano wrote the word on the board.
Some states have legislation on the books affecting financial planners, but the principal standards that do exist are set at the Federal level.
Then, on July 7, 1989, Governor Edward D. DiPrete, condemned the 44 acres, announcing plans to create a waterfront park.
Mario M. Cuomo calls the DNA system "a revolutionary, powerful and necessary criminal-justice tool" that will help track down criminal suspects and exonerate innocent people.
The marines' plan is to take control quickly of Baidoa's airfield, to allow unimpeded relief flights, and then to fan out into the surrounding town to begin securing food convoy routes.
Others have less stringent requirements and can be mixed to varying consistencies.
*3*** COMPANY REPORTS ** View Full Article in Timesmachine »
There is even a potential star named Richard Dumas, who was drafted last year by the Phoenix Suns, flunked a drug test and never made it into his rookie season.
The complaints prompted a Government campaign for moderation.
When told that Ms. Macpherson had not appeared in the show, she added: "Well, whoever she was, she was gorgeous.
But when these big-market teams do not hold up under the weight of such responsibility, enough shivers are felt in baseball to remind of the worst April cold snap.
In the early 1960's, Leonard Humbrecht drove his wines around France in a truck, seeking buyers.
If that's a satisfactory weekend for Johnson, then how badly must it be going for the man who led the National League in homers (38) and r.b.i.
The Right Moves McVie pulled Chris Terreri from the goal for an extra attacker and assigned Peter Stastny to take the face-off.
Dr. Michael Merson, who heads the AIDS program at the health organization, said its estimates were based on government reports.
A career photographer as well as a company official, he specialized in portraits of women.
He starts by sticking four upright branches, less than an inch in diameter, into the ground in a circular pattern about a foot across.
The bank is listed on the Nasdaq National Market System.
And it appears to be as long as the village where it is being built."
Mr. Fenical cautioned that it would be at least 5 to 10 years before marine microorganisms yielded new medicines because the newly discovered compounds first must be tested on animals.
Since August 1989, the Resolution Trust Corporation has seized more than 680 institutions with assets of more than $370 billion, and sold $240 billion of assets.
Boyd averted this problem for his partner by leading the club ace and following with the heart ace.
But for now Mr. Talabani holds a monopoly on television and he shows no sign of relinquishing it despite demands by his rivals that he do so.
But not if they are expelled, responded the rightist Deputy Mayor, Jean Tiberi.
Mr. Bush's spokesman, Marlin Fitzwater, said Mr. Bush spoke by telephone to Mr. Yeltsin on Sunday about the differences, which negotiators at lower levels in the Moscow Government had raised this year.
Traders have expected that crude supplies will narrow for several weeks because of production setbacks in the gulf.
You usually need at least $100,000 to open a wrap account and can sometimes obtain a lower fee because of competitive pressures, Mr. Melcher said.
"I'm an easy laugh," he said.
The Dow Jones industrial average dropped 15.13 points, to 3,378.71, slipping for a second day after hitting a record high on Tuesday.
Mr. Dwyer announced his intention not to run again at a meeting of Middlesex County Democrats, who met to begin screening candidates in the wake of the announcement of the new district lines, and confirmed it later in a news release.
She is a research and development engineer at Space Systems/Loral in Palo Alto, Calif.
Seeking Not to Raise Taxes Representative Thomas J. Downey, Democrat of Suffolk County and the principal author of the House bill, said: "I strongly prefer our version to theirs.
Full of crags, caves and forests, Emei Mountain is a tourist spot about 100 miles southwest of the central Chinese city of Chengdu.
Mr. Dohmen did perform spectacularly in the United States Investing Championship in February 1987, gaining 406 percent by the time the contest ended that May 31, according to the contest coordinator, Norm Zadeh.
Jean Anderson, author of "The Food of Portugal" (William Morrow, 1986), said: "Vinho verde is sprightly and sturdy enough to stand up to spicy seasonings.
Mike Gartner, who leads the Rangers in goals with 32, was suspended yesterday for three games as a penalty for slashing Ulf Samuelsson of Pittsburgh in a game on Feb. 5.
Ms. Lederman called the effect of the redistricting "considerable."
"We're not talking rack eggplants and horse carrots anymore," he said.
Schwarzenegger references come naturally to Leyner.
"It helped to make them special."
Situated between the University of Connecticut at Storrs with 15,000 students, and Eastern Connecticut State University at Willimantic with 5,000 students, a customer base of more than 55,000 is virtually guaranteed when combined with Windham's population of 22,000 and shoppers from a dozen or more outlying rural communities.
Neither in this article nor in the 1990 book "The Tempting of America" does Mr. Bork advocate "absolutist" or "unrestrained" majoritarianism.
Mr. Stoltzman relishes interpretive challenges, especially when working one-to-one with a composer.
Whitley did not say, as the Court does today, that the objective component is contextual and that an Eighth Amendment claim may succeed where a prisoner is not seriously injured.
In sum, the correct series of experiments failed to prove anything at all about the nature of the supposedly essential molecule.
Samantha: How many chicken pox do you have?
"What it could mean is that the positive image of Canada as the home of aggressive, well-managed family firms with good, solid financial structures -- this image is blown out of the water."
Dean, president of Fusion Power Associates in Gaithersburg, Md., a nonprofit group that promotes fusion research, said the deal was probably good for the American program but worried that if such efforts grew too much they could hurt American fusion researchers, who have already seen cuts in their budgets.
The 90 broker-dealer funds decreased by $802.0 million, to $138.05 billion, the institute said.
"Does anybody have a significant question or is this going to the usual mindless press conference?"
The streets of Crown Heights were quiet last night, but more police officers than usual were on duty.
And on those occasions when one or the other party has been offended by a report, the two men have stood shoulder-to-shoulder against all comers.
The state is required to accept prisoners who have been convicted of felonies and sentenced to terms of more than one year in city courts and parole violaters from the city.
Analysts said the Bank of Japan entered the market overnight during Asian trading hours and sold dollars for Japanese yen.
"We would have liked to have presented a perfectly balanced budget.
His testimony suggests that either Mr. Lopez Ballori exaggerated the Senator's role in winning the subsidies or Mr. D'Amato minimized his role when he testified before the Senate Ethics Committee.
The place: Aboard an M50 bus.
"We have a much better sense that people who are not in favor of a tax on earned income can change that tax," he said.
Although Showalter has been a minor league player, coach and manager and major league coach and manager in the Yankee organization since 1977, he apparently has some doubts about his job security once Steinbrenner returns.
Economists said the inflation gain was caused by factors such as a record jump in airline fares.
Gene Kimmelman, the legislative director of the Consumer Federation of America, one of the strongest advocates of the cable re-regulation bill, said he believes Mr. Valenti is helping lead a new cable industry strategy to delay consideration of a cable bill in the House in hopes that it will die for this year.
Mr. Babbitt's Three Compositions from 35 years ago have abandoned the diatonic world of early Berg and late Brahms but not its rhetoric.
Two years ago the division, which generates more than $700 million in revenue for the state, had a budget of $125 million, Mr. Lee said.
Subtracting the preferred $50 million -- a fixed commitment -- leaves common stockholders with $86.4 million, or $8.63 a share, Mr. Herzfeld said.
Corporate and union contributions, he said, accounted for about 25 percent more.
Mr. Maloney said forfeiture of Mr. McNamara's assets had been sought by his office as "a novel, imaginative and just way to insure that the public is protected."
Major Schultz allowed that residents were justified to complain about buzzing and other inappropriate flying.
Let me just close by saying that I think this is an issue not just for the defense industries but for manufacturing generally.
And if we keep raising taxes, many lower-income people could lose their homes."
'A Different Picture' Margot Gayle, who wrote a "Guide to Manhattan's Outdoor Sculpture" with Michele Cohen (Prentice Hall Press, 1988), said: "We commented to one another how few of the monuments were to women.
Bake until soft, about 30 to 45 minutes.
Trying to introduce a dash of levity, one Senator bellowed, "And you still won?"
Workers have completed the two rail tunnels that will carry passengers between the southern England port of Folkestone and Calais in northern France.
It was the largest crowd for a July opening in the history of a track that used to run mainly in August, even a couple of hundred larger than the opener last year, when New York racing expanded its Saratoga sojourn from four weeks to five weeks and found that it thrived.
Seven of the 11 punts came in the second half, three out of his end zone, to help Penn protect its 3-point lead.
But the theater sound is bad -- an unusual technical problem given this festival's normal efficiency -- and the film is plodding despite the historical material.
The program is published by Broderbund Software Inc., 415-382-4400, creator and publisher of the popular Carmen Sandiego and Print Shop programs.
"She's not at all uptight or judgmental," he said.
The survey is made by the Corcoran Group, a New York real estate firm specializing in the sale of luxury co-ops, condominiums and town houses.
The plan, to be reviewed by Ralston's board on May 28, could include a dividend of up to $600 million from Continental.
"Women have historically been left out of clinical trials, such as the effects of aspirin on heart disease, the leading cause of death in the country," she said.
He gave up three runs on eight hits, and left after allowing McGwire's leadoff homer in the eighth.
The rest of the concert was less convincing.
Retailers cautioned that it was hard to use the August sales figures as any indication of where the economy is heading, distorted as they were by an unusually late Labor Day holiday, freakish weather conditions and natural disasters.
Todd Day, a Memphis native who wanted to atone for Arkansas' 92-88 loss at Memphis State on Feb. 8, scored 14 points on 5-for-7 shooting, including three 3-pointers, in the opening 4 minutes 53 seconds as the Razorbacks took a 19-6 lead.
Mr. Christopher added, "Governor Clinton felt the balance was very strongly in trying to cleanse the government processes and insure that you would not have the kind of vices of the past.'
Mr. Evans and his partners, Barry B. Goldstein, a public accountant; David Stevenson, a former jockey, and William B. Hopkins, the former president of the raceway for Gulf and Western, decided in early 1987 to close the track and sell it or develop the property, despite charges that they were reneging on promises to keep the track in operation.
The Bush Administration has drawn sharp criticism for weakening the global warming treaty that will be signed at the United Nations environmental summit in Brazil next month.
Nonetheless this naturalism was continually adjusted, tailored to each drawing's purpose, subject or material.
Allied-Signal closed at 53 1/8, down 1 3/8, while United Technologies dipped by 3/8, to 48 1/8.
Bond issues grew particularly sharply in currencies other than the dollar, Japanese yen, German mark, British pound and Swiss franc.
When the oil just begins to smoke, add the spinach.
While about 6,000 officers participated in a peaceful rally on Murray Street, more than 4,000 swarmed over police barricades, blocked the entry to City Hall and later marched onto the Brooklyn Bridge, where they tied up traffic for nearly an hour.
His immediate strategy is to attack Mr. Major's economic policies.
American, America West, Delta Air Lines, Northwest, Southwest Airlines, T.W.A., nited and USAir said they would match the discount in cities where they compete with Continental.
That makes it possible, they say, to build systems that can recognize spoken words even more quickly than a human being can.
Leery of Predictions Like shepherds told to stop crying wolf as long as the flock seems calm and intact, the negotiators insist that a final deal is near, though they are becoming leery of predicting when the accord will be finished.
Paul Rosenfield, a former Vanity Fair contributing writer who covered the movie industry for The Los Angeles Times for years, recently published a book, "The Club Rules," about the Hollywood "club" of major players.
Thirty-three major islands lie off the mainland here, with 11 owned by the state or the Federal Government.
After ringing the bell, Mr. Sanders flashed his badge at the man who answered the door.
The victory broke a five-game losing streak for the Nuggets and pushed Detroit's slide to three.
"We don't want to make a dumb investment and miss it by a week or a month," Mr. Reppert added, referring to the effective date of any new investment tax credits.
In September, commercial banks' concerns about the creditworthiness of the Soviet Union held up aid shipments for a month.
The 5 3/4-pounder was the fifth top-winning dog in the country last year, defeating a total of 58,554 dogs in the Science Diet Winners Circle competition and the mighty little-white campaigner won 107 groups, more than any other toy dog to receive a Ken-L-Ration award.
This caught West in a rare criss-cross squeeze, and South made 12 tricks to win the board.
Opponents of renewing the benefits argue that Beijing has not followed through on many of the promises it made to Secretary of State James A. Baker 3d last November.
The arrival of the first of nearly 2,000 Japanese soldiers assigned to the United Nations force in Cambodia is being described by Japanese diplomats as a turning point in their nation's history, the moment when Japan reasserts itself in Asia as something other than an economic power.
President Bush vowed not to soften his terms.
A second ad, showing the United Nations, says, "There is one place in New York that has a gathering of more international names than we do," referring to designers like Valentino and Versace.
Jim Morrison 1943-1971 PROS: Led the Doors, linking doomy Romantic poetry to psychedelia and a touch of jazz; crowned himself rock's Lizard King, the poet as sex symbol.
But they were also examining the fuselage, wings and skeleton of the Lockheed L-1011 Tristar to see whether a structural problem was involved.
"We'll try to modernize the fleet and try to improve the earnings picture and convert the airline into a world-class airline," Mr. Cojuangco said after his election.
Mr. Porter admits abusing children while a priest but said he stopped in the mid-70's, when he left the priesthood and married.
to introduce the flashbacks, which burden the film with literary affectations it doesn't need.
Are we looking at a style revolution in the making?
New Generation of Jumbos A four-engine plane with double-deck seating would resemble Boeing's 747 more than the tri-jet design of McDonnell Douglas's current MD-11 jumbo jet.
For at least one brief shining moment, John McEnroe was once again John McEnroe.
He named his staff quickly and stationed Edwin Meese at the gate, overseeing the selection of all top officials.
In four innings, Glavine (6-2) gave up five runs on seven hits, walking three.
In recent months, the British authorities offered to relax restrictions at airports in Birmingham, Manchester and other cities outside London.
But one security expert in the region said the resurgence of a left-wing guerrilla group known as Grapo also bears watching, particularly by United States interests.
Banks pay a premium of about 23 basis points for their deposit insurance, Mr. Goldstein says, which is essentially the historical yield advantage of the average money fund over comparable-term deposits.
As it turned out, it was Notre Dame's No.
"If it were sunny, I'm sure a lot more people would be here."
A spokeswoman for American Express said the agreement was a "reaffirmation" of the company's long-standing policy.
Let's see, you could call that leader a Chief Executive.
We're going to chew it over, and he'll stay here until we decide."
Movements, not role models, are ultimately what make history.
"Especially with a short work week," he said, "you can't put in anything new.
Michael Lee Clayton bore a particularly striking resemblance to Mr. Williams in his "Mork and Mindy" days.
The Harrison S. Kravis University Chair will be supported by a $2 million endowment from Mr. Kravis, the investor and corporate buyout specialist.
He has taken the lead in the opinion polls, and now Mr. Perot has unexpectedly withdrawn from the contest, which could give him another lift in the next few days.
One of Abakanowicz's most abstract works is the 1987 "Negev," which is installed on the outskirts of the sculpture garden of the Israel Museum in Jerusalem.
Looking happy but subdued, surrounded by former Mayor Edward I. Koch and a crowd of loyalists, he thanked his family, his campaign aides and particularly Jewish leaders for their assistance.
121 Wilson's Bakery and Restaurant Southern, (212) 923-9821 1980 Amsterdam Avenue, at 158th Street Often crowded, with unpredictable service, but breakfast is terrific, with salmon croquettes, smothered pork chops and sweet potato pie.
A Federal appeals court today declared unconstitutional the Bush Administration's plan to carry out on-the-spot evictions of suspected drug users and sellers from public housing developments around the country.
For every dime of revenues, better than three cents fell into the pre-tax profit line.
At Forest Hills High School, for example, in a middle-class Queens neighborhood, barely 20 condoms a week are requested, the principal, Rowena O'Shaughnessy, said.
Since this is Beverly Hills, the waiter asks if Mr. Dern didn't mean a Diet Coke.
With all that, he is not pleased when, for example, people have come to him to autograph a baseball that Pete Gray had signed.
For many years he was president of the Parisian Manufacturing Company, which was founded by his father.
There have been no tests to determine whose blood it might have been.
A9 JERUSALEM OF THE SHADOWS Israel's new tourist wave consists of people suffering from what doctors are starting to call the Jerusalem syndrome.
This diversity makes it difficult for any exhibition to shape a coherent visual history of Susa's art -- the Met show, organized by Prudence O. Harper, has done very well, given this handicap -- and may even be the reason that ancient Near Eastern art in general doesn't have the same popular appeal as Egyptian art of the same period, which has an instantly recognizable and uniform look.
The sounds of hammers, drills and buzz saws, along with cries of "Bring that magnolia over here!," rang through the cool, brightly lighted hall as more than 100 exhibitors got ready for the eighth annual New York Flower Show, which opens tomorrow.
2 of Company's 24 Centers Both the Indiana and the Pittsburgh center are owned by Oncology Services Corporation, of State College, Pa., which operates 24 radiation centers in nine states.
The city will borrow only about $250 million and draw the rest from here and there, including the Assistance Corporation and the city reserve fund.
Year-ago shares outstanding are pro forma; the company went public on Dec. 6, 1991.
He defended Senator Mitchell against a questioner's suggestion that the majority leader was not a full-fledged supporter of a middle-class tax cut, saying Mr. Mitchell worried about the deficit just the way he did.
And one of the standards against which he is measured -- a benchmark fund allocated according to the size of bond markets around the world -- never assumes that hedging is used.
When J. R. Sanders, an Atchison, Kan., painter and sculptor, followed his dreams to New York in 1980, he hoped to get a foot in the door of the city's art world.
And dealing with 40 students all at once is also not easy."
Other team members were notified, including Richard L. Murphy, the Youth Services Commissioner, and Gladys Carrion, the Community Development Agency Commissioner.
And it is not easy to get a portrait of the President.
A computer system tracks each hoteling employee's current whereabouts.
Alma Young of Laurelton saw secession as a way to stop immigration from Manhattan.
Rodgers was the most seriously hurt of the 12 injured when the bus swerved off the road and into a grove of trees along the New Jersey Turnpike in Deptford Township, N.J., about 20 miles from Philadelphia.
7 LIFE IN A TRAILER Nearly 16 million Americans now live in mobile homes.
They've been exposed as untrue many times, but the words keep coming up, usually in a political or business context."
10 7 5 THE SHADOW RISING, by Robert Jordan.
Fran must at first defy her own relatives, who are Spanish and highly suspicious of Scott and all he stands for.
Doctors and nurses moved about with candles.
But a recent decision by Judge Carpeneti allowing Exxon to fully deduct its transportation costs from oil values reduced the state's claim, Mr. Cole said.
I, too, love the Jardin du Luxembourg and the many other esthetic pleasures of Paris, but I think Greenhouse accepts this city's extreme gentrification too easily and ignores the human loss such elitism brings with it.
Ms. Brachman, 29 years old, is keeping her name.
The need for more effective marketing of the game, the report compiled by the economics experts says, "underscores the need for a broad and durable partnership between players and owners."
It applied to decisions involving a business or firm in which a member of the official's family was employed or a partner.
To deter these technicians, who can break into a car and start the engine within seconds, you need an elaborate security system.
It might be expected that since people are already in the store and presumably in a mood to rent a movie, they will browse and choose something else.
In some ways, her success did mark a revolution in contemporary pop.
Bill Clinton's campaign, nearly $4 million in debt, got the lion's share as the Government approved an additional $3.21 million in Federal assistance to the Presidential campaigns.
Although final yields were not available, the bonds were priced on a preliminary basis at prices to yield 6.75 percent in 1997 to a maximum yield of 7.90 percent in 2012.
"Larry was Larry," a State Department official said.
The movement of a point is equivalent to a change of $10 in the price of a bond with a $1,000 face value.
For example, 89 percent said they approved of using the novel approach to thwart genetic disorders, yet 60 percent confessed they had heard almost nothing about the technique.
Yang Shangkun was perceived as trying to build a dynasty by boosting the career of his brother, and Yang Baibing aroused deep resentment in the military when he allegedly tried to build a network of military officers who were personally loyal to him.
Lawrence Anderson, who has been running teams of 13-year-olds from a wheelchair in the first- or third-base coaching boxes for three years, filed a lawsuit challenging an anti-wheelchair rule of Little League Baseball Inc. of Williamsport, Pa.
Sometimes it led him to enlargements that at first glance look almost absurd.
Several hours later, outside the City Hall in Southaven, Miss., a small town in the Memphis suburbs, Mr. Buchanan asserted that Mr. Bush's campaign chairman, Robert A. Mosbacher, had met with advocates of homosexual rights.
Those who support reimbursement of such costs say that once a person has been found not guilty of a crime, it is only fair that citizens of the county where he was tried contribute to his legal expenses.
Danny volunteered that April O'Neil also "had one of them when she was younger."
"I feel so badly about the whole thing now," she said.
But, as the song says, the cat came back.
Line a pie pan with the pastry and crimp the edges.
Debt * Federal National Mortgage Association, Washington, is offering $500 million in 7.5 percent, 10-year noncallable debentures due 2002 at a price of 100.
Whence comes the inclusion of Degas's "Bellelli Family" and Gauguin's "Schuffenecker Family," two of the starker presentations of domestic life.
This way they get two days rest in three days."
We're not making any major adjustments.
Their campaigns provide an oddly direct contrast to the "not in my backyard" phenomenon that has stymied attempts downstate to build many of the community residences for the mentally ill, which are far cheaper and considered by experts to be more humane and more effective in treating most sick people.
In addition, there were these developments: One Detroit player and his coach faced suspension; Mike Gartner of the Rangers tied a prestigious record; 10 players scored, three of them while their team was shorthanded; four players were ejected, and Tie Domi had opened the Garden's annual dog show a day early by playing pit bull to big Bob Probert's Doberman in one of those classic hockey fights that everyone both loves to hate and hates to love.
A solution would enable Greek and Turkish Cypriots to enjoy political equality in a bi-zonal federation, thereby making the island a model rather than a warning.
South ruffed the third round of hearts and sought to remove West's clubs.
Far less weighty are cotton napkins ($8 each) designed by Junko Koshino.
Another study by Dr. Zeisel showed that there was virtually a zero possibility that a person charged with murdering a black person would receive the death penalty.
Waiting for News In this atmosphere, the market is likely to jump around, often moving in unexpected directions, as it waits for news or data that could put it on a surer footing or even a new course.
One episode in that story entailed a 2,000-foot climb up a mountain to change the light bulbs in a crucifix 20 feet high.
Surviving are his wife of 69 years, the former Rose Junger; three daughters, Susanne Olin of Roslyn, L.I.
Mr. Bush was not reported to have received intravenous fluid therapy.
"That kind of changed my priorities."
They conceived the urgent need to celebrate the summer solstice, and the Mermaid Parade was born.
A multimillion-dollar remodeling job at the Garden ruled out that possibility this time around, producers said.
Also returning from last season are Verdi's "Traviata" and Puccini's "Boheme" and "Turandot."
"These children have been told that people like their fathers were killers and criminals," she said.
James's works were discussed, his friendships illuminated, the life rolled out before us like a huge and intricate tapestry.
The Bauhaus was dissolved in July 1933, following an extraordinary creative outburst that had been compressed into less than 15 years.
These days, Mr. Bush talks almost wistfully about having a Republican Congress to help him enact his legislative agenda.
Financial Support Still, the package did address Northwest's immediate problem of being short of cash.
From former Vice President Walter F. Mondale, who knows a little about convention bounces himself, there was not even a hint of over-optimism.
9 A.M. for men's race, 10 A.M. for women's race.
Nothing's going to hit me for the next six years, and I don't have to worry about getting infected anymore."
Inside, mothers and children in plastic booths share burgers, chicken salad sandwiches, macaroni and cheese and french fries, while the beautiful people order empanadas, nicoise salads and plates of smoked fish.
Lech Walesa won the presidency two years ago with vague appeals for "acceleration" of economic and political reforms.
The Taiwanese vessel's captain, Ho-Hsin Fan, was also charged.
Recalled John Patterson, infielder, from Phoenix of the Pacific Coast League.
"I look at it one way," he said.
Hours are 10 A.M. to 5 P.M. Monday through Saturday and Sunday from noon to 5 P.M.
The insurer said its results were significantly affected by losses from Hurricane Andrew.
Mr. Smale issued a brief statement that said the board "has taken no action regarding any management changes at G.M," but he offered no support for Robert C. Stempel, the chairman and chief executive officer.
I've been doing that for decades; it adds difficulty and fun.
But it faces a more daunting task in the long run: to develop a theology that is compelling enough to persuade people to belong, but open enough to meet the non-dogmatic demands of modern culture.
The Democrats say this is exactly what Wilson wants, so that he can blame the Legislature for the resulting disarray and help push incumbents out in November.
The bonds are noncallable for five years and rated Caa by Moody's, CCC+ by S.& P. and B+ by Fitch Investors Service.
Mr. Freitas, who refused to speak to the committee, could not be located.
Kal Daniels led off the ninth inning with a single to right field off Frank Castillo (3-4).
Although the songs on the band's album, "Doppelganger" (Charisma/Virgin ), each have clear-cut melodies and riffs, on stage their distinct parts become a lush blur.
MEET MAX: He's the dog photographed here (and in ads for Kmart and Sally Jessy Raphael).
not to drive too hard a bargain.
Those who prefer to hear ballads indoors can visit the Treestar Coffeehouse in the Mount Kisco Presbyterian Church Saturday at 8 P.M. A bluegrass sextet with the curious name of Out to Lunch is scheduled to appear.
It will consist of a record company and a music publishing company, and will have television, film, merchandising and book-publishing divisions.
"It's not so much the opposition.
(Farrar, Straus & Giroux, $14.95.)
The average customer would also get $19 in credits from January and February bills.
Mr. Bush's surrogate, the release said, would be Cary Edwards.
Dr. Burdick and his colleagues hooked the young woman up to a pig's liver, kept in a sterile container outside her body, to cleanse her blood until a human liver could be found.
"In what should be a liberal paradise, what do we find instead?"
EX-ROCKETTE'S KIN FIND RELIEF IN RULING After a mentally ill homeless man was ruled unfit to stand trial in the widely publicized slaying of a former Rockette on West 69th Street, her family expressed relief.
"I didn't have time to think about it.
But timber industry officials say the environmentalists themselves may be blocking an adequate supply of yew from going to cancer patients.
The constant factional struggle in the Liberal Democratic Party has led party leaders to talk about the direction of the country's foreign and security policy in only the vaguest of terms.
But for now, Cesar A. Perales, the Deputy Mayor for Health and Human Services, said he was pleased with signals from Albany that he could start using more discretion in determining which families must be immediately housed by the city and which do not have to be.
But Bell Atlantic will use existing copper wires with new technology developed by Bellcore, a research consortium of the seven regional Bell companies.
"The language barriers for some foreign students have been a problem," Dr. Freund said.
We did not know what was going on."
Most of her clients are career women in their late 30's and early 40's, and at least half have undergone fertility treatment.
At one point during his forced seclusion, Mr. Rushdie called for a moratorium on the book's paperback publication, hoping that this gesture coul lead to the lifting of the sentence.
The pocket of his pale blue work shirt bulges with his eyeglass case, his notebook and his many pens.
The other half is blunt-talking Scot -- his mother was Scottish -- and Mr. Mechai, a 51-year economist who was educated in Australia and speaks in perfect, nearly accentless English, gladly singles out Asian nations that are shirking their responsibility in the fight against AIDS.
Both actors deserve better lines.
Addressing the expertise of the principals in the debate over Mr. Wasserman's "possible Pollock," he added, "Thaw has a good eye, and Greenberg certainly knows Pollock's work better than anyone else alive."
The Gambino family, made up of 400 "made men" and thousands of associates, is a major force, with annual income that has been estimated at between $300 million and $500 million.
A day earlier testimony had been interrupted when a Dallas City Councilman, Al Lipscomb, who is black, stormed out of the courtroom, saying "racist, racist" in a loud voice, apparently referring to the proceedings.
The concert's finale, "I Take My Chances," vowed, "I never learned anything from playing it safe."
The city's Department of Investigation is looking into the policies used by jail officials in selecting the company.
It also said Mr. Perot would discuss his "continuing involvement on behalf of P.O.W.-M.I.A.'s."
The study, prepared jointly by the Arab Monetary Fund and Arab Fund for Social and Economic Development, which are part of the Arab League, put the total population of Lebanon at 2,730,000, compared to nearly four million a decade ago.
She was born in Boston, graduated from Radcliffe College in 1914 and was a social worker for several years.
There they would receive another check and a referral to another hotel for another five nights.
But an illegal procedure penalty led to a 24-yard field goal, and a 13-0 lead.
"I don't want him to be ignorant like I was."
But he said the school system did not have the money for a coherent, large-scale maintenance program.
Deductions from Pay The documents show that she was asked repeatedly to account for various expenses.
Ted Donato, a fifth-round pick by the Bruins out of Harvard, scored four goals and three assists.
The marchers rushed toward that building and, breaking the glass of its doors, began throwing stones, one of which hit a police officer in the face.
But analysis is intensely private, and Ms. Sinatra's project is anything but.
"You're catching me at the moment in my career when I'd be most wed to my prescription pad.
-- a taunting reprise of the President's "No new taxes" pledge, which he broke in 1990 in a deficit-reduction deal with Congress.
A clear endorsement of Europe is an endorsement of its basic values, of humanity, tolerance and brotherhood, and at the same time a clear signal against nationalism and violence."
At convention earlier this month, it instituted 67 new rules, many of them reformist.
Today's Columns The Tokyo stock market seems to have recovered and stabilized, leading a growing number of analysts to say the worst is over, but the recovery is a fragile one.
No platforms here; just narrow-toed imaginatively detailed slippers in the $300 to $400 range.
Only the empty showpiece by Schulz-Evler came through fully.
Changing the board received the support of Felix G. Rohatyn, the chairman of the Municipal Assistance Corporation, on Monday, when he let it be known that he would be more favorably disposed toward giving schools part of a $200 million savings through bond refinancing if the present board were disbanded in favor of one controlled by the Mayor.
The strategy by the Hibernian lawyers, to concentrate on the issue of whether discrimination occurred, was a bit of a surprise.
Even some thoughtful analysts of the country's crisis believe that Shining Path's blunt appeal to destroy the existing system must be fought with draconian measures.
The General Motors Corporation has also gone high-tech for 1993, with its muscular 32-valve V-8 Northstar engine.
If Mr. Rostenkowski's bill is enacted, either with a Presidential signature or over Mr. Bush's veto, it would automatically declare that emergency.
The new CM-5 Scale 3 system, which can use up to 32 high-speed microprocessors running simultaneously, has a starting price of $750,000.
But there's not much reason to stay put in New York in the wintertime."
The turmoil has severely damaged the European exchange rate mechanism, a system designed to minimize instability among Europe's currencies and prepare for monetary union, and has set nation against nation in a way not seen in years.
Wine writing probably began a year or two later.
Like shamanism and advanced medicine, election lore and modern polling have been matching their predictive powers against each other for decades.
The Senate approved the measure by unanimous consent.
But after taking a 29-21 first-quarter lead, Cleveland went on its dry spell before Mark Price finally sank a 20-footer with 32.5 seconds left.
Is he right to worry?
"A police officer knocked on my door at 6 A.M.," Mr. Smith said.
The New Jersey chapter of the American Civil Liberties Union has opposed the curfew bill.
"These are family issues, not women's issues, but women have always been the primary care givers for children and elderly family members," said Ted Childs, director of work-force diversity programs for I.B.M., which is the largest contributor to the collaboration.
"You always used to see him eating a hot dog.
In Nepal, where Guatama Buddha was born, Buddhism can be held suspect in a Hindu kingdom, except in the higher mountain communities far from the Katmandu Valley.
The experiment was conducted in the cancer institute laboratory of Robert C. Gallo, a researcher at the National Institutes of Health who says he is a co-discoverer of the virus that causes AIDS, with Dr. Luc Montagnier of the Pasteur Institute in Paris.
The Fed said in a statement: "Action was taken in light of sustained weakness in credit and money growth, continued movement toward price stability, and the uneven progress of the economic recovery."
Currency analysts said the dollar drifted throughout most of the session, with no new economic reports to influence its direction.
There are, Kodak is fond of saying, 250 million film-based cameras in the United States.
He also ran for 38 yards.
"We realized that whenever something like this comes up, everybody will assume there are political motivations," the senior official said.
To ease the pangs of separation, the museum has brought on a towering stand-in, a Barosaurus who reaches the 50-foot ceiling of the rotunda.
The non-profit association, which recently affiliated with the Atlantic Salmon Federation, has labored mightily in the effort to restore the once-great runs of Atlantic salmon to the Connecticut River.
"The Macedonian Government has given Bulgaria a written guarantee that these oil products are for hospitals, schools and kindergartens," Deputy Prime Minister Jovan Andonov of Macedonia said Wednesday at a news conference in Sofia.
Some years, Mr. Vorpahl says, he makes $15,000 to $18,000.
Around the drum of the dome and the opening of the mihrab are verses from the Koran.
The New York String Orchestra, in fact, extended an odd subsidiary theme in the Bach celebrations this year.
Ms. Cohen declined to comment, and Mr. Stewart was traveling and could not be reached.
For the week, the Dow gained 13.51 points.
Mr. Eagleburger has been serving as Acting Secretary of State since James A. Baker 3d left the Cabinet in August to become White House chief of staff.
Finance ministry officials attending today's meetings said many obstacles remained before a ruble stabilization fund could be set up.
My colleagues on the Town Council and I consider a number of factors before determining whether a project deserves our support -- the availability of similar housing in existing neighborhoods, whether the area is overdeveloped, traffic congestion, drainage, among other issues.
Only weeks ago, the only number they could count on began "1-800."
Save some bulbs to plant in pots: sink the pots into the ground and mulch them, or store them in the garage or basement (any place that is dark and remains about 40 degrees).
President Bush has repeatedly threatened to veto any proposals to increase taxes.
He looked nothing like this when he stopped by the hotel room to wish Mr. Coppola good luck with the imminent trial by fire.
Using that scraggly skier as a prototype, the site pictographs for Lillehammer will feature almost primitive depictions of figure skaters and hockey players and all the other athletes of winter.
Or as Faisal Khan, an honors student who opted for Rutgers University over an out-of-state college "for practical, financial reasons," puts it: "We know what we want -- and what we can do."
And beyond that, the city was given a preview of what may well be the core issues in next year's mayoral election: race relations, police conduct and, perhaps most basic of all, crime and the fight against it.
It has a beach, 18-hole golf course, eight tennis courts, swimming pool, health club, snorkeling and scuba diving as well as day sailing trips to nearby Buck Island National Park.
He pleaded guilty in an unrelated case to child abuse in June 1991 and was sentenced in August of that year.
Listed below are the scheduled release dates for major economic indicators this week.
This low-level carnage may be carried out by rogue factions or by criminals posing as political partisans, but it is not something that will be readily contained by a new constitution.
Glavine (19-4) lost for the third time in four decisions against Montreal this season.
Since 1960, 178 people have been kidnapped on the island.
She puts 5,000 at a time in her freeze dryer, the same sort of machine used by taxidermists for preserving carcasses and by hospitals for saving tissue samples.
Hike while discussing Henry David Thoreau, John Muir and other naturalists.
The report is scheduled to be made public in a hearing Thursday by Representative John D. Dingell, the chairman of the House Energy and Commerce Subcommittee on Oversight and Investigations.
If you are old enough to have learned keyboarding, as it is now often called, on a typewriter, there were things beyond the actual keys to remember: which way to insert a sheet of carbon paper; how to return the carriage; how to white-out an error.
The original tickets will be honored.
B. Scoops in Concord and Salem, N.H., and Peabody, Mass., and at Hershey Park in Hershey, Pa.
Analysts said the markets were in a corrective mode, working off an overbought condition that should set them up for a year-end rally.
For 10 years, Mr. Davis, 46 years old, had led Tracy-Locke, an agency owned by the Omnicom Group in New York.
Then good fortune suddenly collapsed into what rivals called a scandal a week.
Under state law, candidates need a majority of the vote to avoid a runoff with the second-place finisher.
"They know that we know what we are doing," said a 17-year-old from Brooklyn who made the trek of more than 400 miles to Buffalo last year to sell cocaine and crack, then returned home after two months to go back to school.
In one scene, he is shown standing on a rocky coastline serenading flocks of seagulls that seem drawn to the birdlike sounds he is creating.
The level may be lower now because the amount of lead in use in the United States has decreased, Dr. Binder said.
It's no optical illusion that the double deuces Erik McMillan has been wearing on his jersey seem to be turning into a couple of question marks.
Hundley, who has been defensive in his plans at the plate and constantly tinkering with his stance, dug in convinced he would see another changeup, but prepared to nail a fastball if he was surprised by Castillo.
In addition, the changing agenda of national politics has turned away from subjects that hurt women (such as the Cold War, which many voters thought women not "tough" enough to handle) to topics where they are considered better qualified.
William C. Steere Jr., the chairman, said these and other promising new drugs would "spur a period of strong growth for Pfizer."
In place of the routine 13 b3, Kasparov produced a gambit with 13 Bg2 h5 14 g5 Bb7 15 Be3!?
"One group liked weak flavors," he said.
The smugglers, operating in huge gangs and led by people on both sides of the border, originally shipped cars in junks but over the last two years have increasingly relied on tai feis -- motorboats with steel hulls and up to five 300-horsepower engines.
Residential cleanings start at $74.50; brownstone cleanings at $145.
A major league salary -- the minimum is $109,000 -- would bring them together year-round.
If the state plan prevails in Federal court, Mr. Ackerman will not avoid a fight.
She painted a picture of a frugal family that saved thousands of dollars in metal boxes hidden at home, but her credibility was diminished when she first denied and then admitted using the Police Department jet for personal trips.
"It's cool to be startled.
But the law was not enforced until 1882, when the Secret Service, a division of the Treasury Department, began a war on tokens, particularly California gold ones.
But neither the Russian President nor any of his ministers or advisers said anything today to the shopping, weary public.
Then Boston, behind former New York Knick Xavier McDaniel's 5 points, went on a 13-0 run for a 23-14 lead.
Then too, the attempt to do something new for sex imagery produces such strenuously artificial setups that the artifice nearly overpowers the four-letter shenanigans.
I have never seen another politician's child who looks like a true prepubescent vision of awkwardness.
"If we did, we'd fail," Ms. Engler of the U.F.T.
She graduated from Connecticut College, and received a master's degree in education from Manhattanville College.
for his part in the incident and will not agree to any settlement that does not clear his name with the league and rescinds the fine, which he has not paid, The Globe reported.
As a writer, Mr. Buchanan called AIDS "nature's retribution" against homosexuals and said the disease was spread by "promiscuous sodomy -- unnatural, unsanitary sexual relations between men."
Those steps include opening diplomatic relations with Croatia, Bosnia, Macedonia and Slovenia, barring expulsions of minorities and making sure that Serbs in Bosnia do not get military assistance from Belgrade, he said.
As French operatic culture declined in our century, it seemed increasingly unlikely that we could see and hear these works performed in an idiomatic manner.
"To me, it is normal the U.S.A. is the first country in baseball," he said.
Olympia issued a statement saying that the role of Mr. Johnson, who continues to hold the title of president, is being "redefined."
All part of an orderly expansion plan, Mrs. Natori said.
The studio no longer releases numbers, but one top MCA executive said it had one of its worst years ever.
Chancellor Kohl has already agreed to appear in the debate, on a live television hook-up from Germany.
He graduated from Northwestern University.
He walked Derek Bell in the second and walked Roberto Alomar in the seventh, but Alomar was erased on John Olerud's double-play grounder.
With Reggie Miller and Micheal Williams hitting from all over the court, the Pacers outscored the Celtics by 24-0 on 3-point shots.
As a result, a company that sold mostly low-priced stocks listed on Nasdaq, and only a few stocks listed on the pink sheets, could escape the regulations.
"I think I could've played better," McGhee said.
June 10-20: "The Heidi Chronicles."
It's openly discussed at times."
Penn State scientists hope to implant the wireless device in a human patient by the end of the decade, Dr. Rosenberg said.
She said members of the group had tried to deliver a letter to Walker's Point, but were turned away.
Buxtehude's Magnificat Primi Toni; Hassler's Missa Dixit Maria; Philips's "O Quam Suavis."
The players may have learned some things about themselves in this "other" tournament, which is televised on cable on the nights when the N.C.A.A.
Some Senate Republicans even favor pitting six incumbents against each other in three "fair fights" throughout the state.
But "we never got to the point where we could put together a solid health-care plan," said Mr. Parkhurst, a public policy analyst for a Washington law firm.
BERNARD P. BRENNAN Brooklyn, Jan. 13, 1992
Surviving are her husband of 14 years, Henry J.
Some commentators also interpreted Mr. Kohl's recent meeting with President Kurt Waldheim of Austria as an attempt to curry favor with Baden-Wurttemberg's conservative voters.
He was quoted by Women's Wear Daily and The Wall Street Journal yesterday as having said he made the purchase because Mr. Klein's company was having a problem repaying the principal on the bonds.
The weakened financial condition of Security Pacific, which lost $1.28 billion in the 15 months before its merger, was widely seen as a black mark against Mr. Smith that would prevent him from rising to the top job at BankAmerica.
The physical production, designed by Carl Toms, is classic West End gilt.
At this point, he is in a different squadron altogether, providing pleasure for those who will never be able to read a new Captain Marryat (the author, in the 1830's and 40's, of a number of sea adventures) -- but in this instance a Marryat with a touch of Jane Austen, Erskine Childers and John le Carre thrown in.
The early donations were given by the Braves.
With the Bush camp still divided over basic tactical and longer-range issues, advisers to the campaign tonight looked for external explanations for their problems.
In 1990, Mr. Rosenblatt, a journalist and commentator for "The MacNeil/Lehrer Newshour," talked to a number of people in Iowa about abortion, a major issue in the state's election campaigns for Governor and United States Senator that year.
"The one on Lexington Avenue said, " 'Move on, Selma.'
The editorial even reached back to the famous exchange between President Lincoln and General McClellan during the Civil War.
To the Editor: Oliver Stone's assertion (Op-Ed, Dec. 20) that history "may be too important to leave to newsmen" should be expanded to include reductionist film makers.
Asked whether the recent statements on welfare had raised a race-based appeal, a Bush campaign spokeswoman said, Torie Clark, said: "Nothing could be farther from the truth.
Both sides reported progress on some issues.
Not What He Remembers Mr. Baker, now in private legal practice, is reluctant to be drawn into a public dispute with Mr. Perot and would not comment directly.
A1 Business Digest, D1 Weekend C1-34 Sports B9-15 Baseball: Sources say Yankees pitcher Pascual Perez recently failed a drug test.
Preliminary rulings in these cases, which could result in very large import taxes on most of the nation's imports of rolled and plate steel, must be reached by Jan. 27 under American law.
But a senior City Hall official, speaking on condition of anonymity, said there had been reports that landfill workers were accepting soil mixed with other material that they should be charged for dumping.
Job of Bad Tidings Robert Gleason, a claims specialist in the State Farm Fire and Casualty office in Garden City, said that delivering bad news is part of the job, though it's one that he and others try to soften with diplomacy.
Many of Friday night's athletes will be competing there and again in the Garden on Feb. 28, when the series concludes with the national indoor championships.
ALABAMA Democrats -- Bevill, Y; Browder, Y; Cramer, Y; Erdreich, Y; Harris, Y. Republicans -- Callahan, X; Dickinson, X. ALASKA Republican -- Young, N. ARIZONA Democrat -- Pastor, Y. Republicans -- Kolbe, N; Kyl, N; Rhodes, N; Stump, N. ARKANSAS Democrats -- Alexander, Y; Anthony, Y; Thornton, Y. Republican -- Hammerschmidt, N. CALIFORNIA Democrats -- Anderson, Y; Beilenson, N; Berman, Y; Boxer, Y; Brown, Y; Condit, N; Dellums, Y; Dixon, Y; Dooley, Y; Dymally, X; Edwards, Y; Fazio, Y; Lantos, Y; Lehman, N; Levine, X; Martinez, Y; Matsui, Y; Miller, X; Mineta, Y; Panetta, Y; Pelosi, Y; Roybal, Y; Stark, N; Torres, Y; Waters, Y; Waxman, Y. Republicans -- Campbell, X; Cox , N; Cunningham, N; Dannemeyer, X; Doolittle, N; Dornan, N; Dreier, N; Gallegly, N; Herger, N; Hunter, N; Lagomarsino, N; Lewis, N; Lowery, N; McCandless, N; Moorhead, N; Packard, N; Riggs, N; Rohrabacher, N; Thomas, X. COLORADO Democrats -- Campbell, Y; Schroeder, Y; Skaggs, X. Republicans -- Allard, N; Hefley, N; Schaefer, N. CONNECTICUT Democrats -- DeLauro, Y; Gejdenson, Y; Kennelly, Y. Republicans -- Franks, N; Johnson, N; Shays, N. DELAWARE Democrat -- Carper, N. FLORIDA Democrats -- Bacchus, Y; Bennett, Y; Fascell, Y; Gibbons, Y; Hutto, N; Johnston, Y; Lehman, X; Peterson, Y; Smith, Y. Republicans -- Bilirakis, N; Goss, N; Ireland, N; James, N; Lewis, N; McCollum, N; Ros-Lehtinen, N; Shaw, N; Stearns, N; Young, N. GEORGIA Democrats -- Barnard, X; Darden, Y; Hatcher, X; Jenkins, Y; Jones, N; Lewis, Y; Ray, N; Rowland, Y; Thomas, X. Republican -- Gingrich, X. HAWAII Democrats -- Abercrombie, Y; Mink, Y. IDAHO Democrats -- LaRocco, Y; Stallings, N. ILLINOIS Democrats -- Annunzio, Y; Bruce, X; Collins, X; Costello, Y; Cox , Y; Durbin, Y; Evans, Y; Hayes, Y; Lipinski, X; Poshard, Y; Rostenkowski, Y; Russo, X; Sangmeister, Y; Savage, Y; Yates, Y. Republicans -- Crane, N; Ewing, N; Fawell, N; Hastert, N; Hyde, N; Michel, N; Porter, N. INDIANA Democrats -- Hamilton, N; Jacobs, Y; Jontz, Y; Long, N; McCloskey, Y; Roemer, N; Sharp, Y; Visclosky, Y. Republicans -- Burton, N; Myers, N. IOWA Democrats -- Nagle, Y; Smith, Y. Republicans -- Grandy, N; Leach, N; Lightfoot, N; Nussle, N. KANSAS Democrats -- Glickman, Y; Slattery, N. Republicans -- Meyers, N; Nichols, N; Roberts, N. KENTUCKY Democrats -- Hubbard, Y; Mazzoli, Y; Natcher, Y; Perkins, Y. Republicans -- Bunning, N; Hopkins, N; Rogers, N. LOUISIANA Democrats -- Hayes, X; Huckaby, X; Jefferson, Y; Tauzin, N. Republicans -- Baker, X; Holloway, X; Livingston, X; McCrery, N. MAINE Democrat -- Andrews, Y. Republican -- Snowe, Y. MARYLAND Democrats -- Byron, Y; Cardin, Y; Hoyer, Y; McMillen, N; Mfume, Y. Republicans -- Bentley, N; Gilchrest, N; Morella, N. MASSACHUSETTS Democrats -- Atkins, Y; Donnelly, Y; Early, N; Frank, Y; Kennedy, Y; Markey, Y; Mavroules, Y; Moakley, Y; Neal, Y; Olver, Y; Studds, Y. MICHIGAN Democrats -- Bonior, Y; Carr, N; Collins, Y; Conyers, Y; Dingell, Y; Ford, Y; Hertel, Y; Kildee, Y; Levin, Y; Traxler, Y; Wolpe, Y. Republicans -- Broomfield, N; Camp, N; Davis, N; Henry, N; Pursell, X. Upton, N; Vander Jagt, N. MINNESOTA Democrats -- Oberstar, Y; Penny, Y; Peterson, N; Sabo, Y; Sikorski, Y; Vento, Y. Republicans -- Ramstad, N; Weber, N. MISSISSIPPI Democrats -- Espy, Y; Montgomery, N; Parker, N; Taylor, N; Whitten, X. MISSOURI Democrats -- Clay, Y; Gephardt, Y; Horn, Y; Skelton, N; Volkmer, Y; Wheat, Y. Republicans -- Coleman, N; Emerson, N; Hancock, N. MONTANA Democrat -- Williams, Y. Republican -- Marlenee, X. NEBRASKA Democrat -- Hoagland, Y. Republicans -- Barrett, N; Bereuter, N. NEVADA Democrat -- Bilbray, Y. Republican -- Vucanovich, N. NEW HAMPSHIRE Democrat -- Swett, N.; Republican -- Zeliff, N. NEW JERSEY Democrats -- Andrews, N; Dwyer, N; Guarini, Y; Hughes, N; Pallone, N; Payne, Y; Roe, N; Torricelli, Y. Republicans -- Gallo, N; Rinaldo, N; Roukema, N; Saxton, N; Smith, N; Zimmer, N NEW MEXICO Democrat -- Richardson, Y.; Republicans -- Schiff, N; Skeen, N. NEW YORK Democrats -- Ackerman, Y; Downey, Y; Engel, Y; Flake, Y; Hochbrueckner, Y; LaFalce, Y; Lowey, Y; Manton, X; McHugh, Y; McNulty, Y; Mrazek, X. Nowak, Y; Owens, Y; Rangel, Y; Scheuer, Y; Schumer, Y; Serrano, Y; Slaughter, Y; Solarz, Y; Towns, Y; Weiss, Y. Republicans -- Boehlert, N; Fish, N; Gilman, N; Green, N; Horton, N; Houghton, N; Lent, N; Martin, N; McGrath, N; Molinari, N; Paxon, N; Solomon, N; Walsh, N. NORTH CAROLINA Democrats -- Hefner, Y; Jones, Y; Lancaster, Y; Neal, Y; Price, Y; Rose, Y; Valentine, Y. Republicans -- Ballenger, N; Coble, N; McMillan, N; Taylor, N. NORTH DAKOTA Democrat -- Dorgan, Y. OHIO Democrats -- Applegate, Y; Eckart, Y; Feighan, Y; Hall, Y; Kaptur, Y; Luken, Y; Oakar, Y; Pease, Y; Sawyer, Y; Stokes, Y; Traficant, N. Republicans -- Boehner, N; Gillmor, N; Gradison, N; Hobson, N; Kasich, N; McEwen, N; Miller, N; Oxley, N; Regula, N; Wylie, X. OKLAHOMA Democrats -- Brewster, Y; English, N; McCurdy, N; Synar, Y. Republicans -- Edwards, X; Inhofe, N. OREGON Democrats -- AuCoin, Y; DeFazio, Y; Kopetski, Y; Wyden, Y. Republican -- Smith, N. PENNSYLVANIA Democrats -- Blackwell, Y; Borski, Y; Coyne, Y; Foglietta, Y; Gaydos, Y; Kanjorski, Y; Kolter, Y; Kostmayer, Y; Murphy, Y; Murtha, Y; Yatron, Y. Republicans -- Clinger, N; Coughlin, N; Gekas, N; Goodling, N; McDade, N; Ridge, N; Ritter, N; Santorum, N; Schulze, N; Shuster, N; Walker, N; Weldon, N. RHODE ISLAND Democrat -- Reed, Y. Republican -- Machtley, N. SOUTH CAROLINA Democrats -- Derrick, Y; Patterson, N; Spratt, Y; Tallon, Y. Republicans -- Ravenel, N; Spence, N. SOUTH DAKOTA Democrat -- Johnson, Y. TENNESSEE Democrats -- Clement, Y; Cooper, N; Ford, Y; Gordon, Y; Lloyd, N; Tanner, Y. Republicans -- Duncan, N; Quillen, N; Sundquist, N. TEXAS Democrats -- Andrews, Y; Brooks, Y; Bryant, Y; Bustamante, Y; Chapman, Y; Coleman, Y; de la Garza, Y; Edwards, Y; Frost, Y; Geren, N; Gonzalez, Y; Hall, N; Laughlin, X; Ortiz, Y; Pickle, Y; Sarpalius, N; Stenholm, Y; Washington, Y; Wilson, Y. Republicans -- Archer, N; Armey, N; Barton, N; Combest, N; DeLay, N; Fields, N; Johnson, N; Smith, X. UTAH Democrats -- Orton, X; Owens, N. Republican -- Hansen, N. VERMONT Independent -- Sanders, Y. VIRGINIA Democrats -- Boucher, Y; Moran, Y; Olin, Y; Payne, Y; Pickett, N; Sisisky, N. Republicans -- Allen, N; Bateman, N; Bliley, N; Wolf, N. WASHINGTON Democrats -- Dicks, Y; Foley, Y; McDermott, Y; Swift, Y; Unsoeld, Y. Republicans -- Chandler, X; Miller, N; Morrison, X.
Foster's itself has said nothing other than that the board will carefully consider the proposal.
"The other one is, Don't want anything and get everything you can."
Everything old is not new again.
George Gipp, the back later portrayed by Ronald Reagan, averaged 8.1 yards per carry in 1920, and Brooks concluded this season with an 8.042 average.
Mr. Prestowitz is in the camp of strategists and policy makers who argue that the globalization of technology can still be, and should be, held in check.
The large number of students signing up to take part also presents a potential problem.
An announcement is expected sometime in the next two weeks, after Mr. Miyazawa is finished having polite lunches with everyone who thinks this visit may be a bad idea.
76ers 98, Bulls 96 Hersey Hawkins scored 24 points tonight as the Philadelphia 76ers stunned the Chicago Bulls, 98-96.
Even among journalists and other strong proponents of First Amendment freedoms, there is no agreement on such matters as USA Today's decision to investigate whether Arthur Ashe, the former tennis star, had AIDS.
Randy Tomlin gave up two runs and four hits in six and two-thirds innings, struck out four and walked two.
"It's a hard position to fill because for many people it cuts into the workday hours," she said.
These and other bowls and tureens, many from the 18th century, are not for Alphabet Vegetable soup: They are decorated with roosters, boars, turkeys, rabbits and other themes.
The 34-year-old Ms. Curtis knows about creating a public image as well as living under the shadow of one.
A: When funds invest in foreign countries, taxes are withheld by most foreign governments on dividends or interest earned in their countries.
"I had picked out the ones that were going to get into trouble later.
The agents sued were JEFFREY DANKWORTH, MARVIN DEMOFF and ROGER TREVINO.
In announcing its plans for the move into Bardera, the military had said the 1,000-man force would arrive from Baidoa in a truck convoy headed by minesweeping equipment.
The composer became an enlightened listener whose task was not so much to offer up something audible as to help audiences listen better to whatever came along.
President-elect Clinton has said that an economic stimulus program, including money for new roads and other public works projects, s at the top of his agenda.
You could do far worse of a summer evening.
Those who wish separation from the English-speaking provinces make fiery speeches and fly the flag of the fleur-de-lis -- a pretty blue and white insignia that also happens to appear on the uniform of the Nordiques.
But as many towns, including Arlington, fight to keep manufacturers, some economists worry that the tax concessions they are offering are unfairly benefiting business at a growing cost to other taxpayers.
Seminara, who was graduated from Xaverian High School and Columbia University, had his five-game winning streak snapped close to home.
The bars and restaurants manage to be inviting and scary at the same time.
It no longer is a functioning country: it has no Government, no phone system, no infrastructure, no police force, no banks, virtually no business other than war.
Mr. Dafoe's John is a sort of contemporary no-cal substitute for the character the actor played in Martin Scorsese's "Last Temptation of Christ," written by Mr. Schrader.
27 ab ab 28 Bb3 Qb8.
I think everyone is seeing that now."
The chairman of the House Armed Services Committee today proposed spending some military money on unneeded weapons to keep parts of the nation's defense industry alive.
2 draft choice (Coryatt) and a No.
"Picasso & Things" -- which travels to the Philadelphia Museum of Art in June and the Grand Palais in Paris in September, after closing here on May 3 -- is a major event.
I don't think they have ever worked together unified as this.
CURRENT ACTIVITIES: Choreographer of the Fashion Follies, the Nov. 9 benefit for the charitable activities of the Fashion Group.
One union chief said leaders of the three largest unions were seeking to replace Theodore W. Kheel as a union representative on the paper's restructuring committee.
It cannot be said that a panic has followed the reports of a mysterious virus and unexplained illnesses across the Atlantic Ocean.
They called the Better Sleep Council, which sent them an issue of "Snooze News," the industry publication.
But with the sudden retirement last year of one of the greatest wrestlers in the history of sumo, Chiyonofuji, there is only one yokozuna currently fighting.
It also keeps everyone else away, thanks to its cheap-perfume smell.
The newspaper's editorials are regarded as generally the most conservative of all the leading dailies.
"Last year domestic sales represented about 52 percent of the total," Mr. Raj said.
The biggest surprise may be the dark humor in several films, especially "Schtonk," which was a spectacular commercial hit in Germany (an oddity for a native film).
Her father is a senior vice president of Oppenheimer & Company, the Wall Street investment house.
"People used to come up to me and say, 'Your sister's retarded,' " she told a prosecutor, Robert Laurino.
Given that just one missile could destroy 10 Soviet missiles, the Soviet Union could have felt impelled, in an intense crisis, to shoot first.
Conservative Loyalty But Mr. D'Amato slammed that door behind him and has made sure it remained closed.
Although abstinence and long-term H.I.V.-free monogamy are the safest routes to take, considering the environment of our own early adulthood and that of our adolescents, abstinence and monogamy are not at present realistic for all.
Insistent on Own Identity Unlike some other Asian Indian immigrant groups that are clustered in sections of Middlesex, Bergen and Hudson Counties, the Sikhs are scattered, and they are insistent on their own identity.
"Those assignments are only a small percentage of the work out there for models, and most models are doing what I am doing," he said.
And Vanguard also had a junk bond fund in its annuity plan in the past, he added.
"Simply put, this alliance will kill whatever rationale there is left for Sematech."
definition of an interim government."
But just the opposite has been more likely to occur in the last few years: the negative populist appeals of a David Duke and the black solidarity oratory of an Al Sharpton have exacerbated racial tensions.
She graduated from Mount Holyoke College.
Then you will need to be able to do a lot of phoning to courier companies or brokers to get what you want.
Even if the commission does not go along with the utility's board, the question of whether to close the Trojan plant will be on the Oregon ballot again this November.
When he died in 1966, she expanded her knitting hobby into a full-time business.
(AP) Famers Flounder: Two-thirds of a Hall of Fame threesome floundered, opening the gate to a new set of challengers to Lee Trevino in the final round of the PGA Seniors Championship in Palm Beach Gardens, Fla.
"I'll tabulate the cost later."
Such gloating may sound unseemly to British and Italian ears, but Germans are feeling a welcome adrenaline rush.
And since the beginning of last year, the company's stock price has soared 160 percent.
NATIONAL THREAD AND SUPPLY CORPORATION , 695 Red Oak Road, Stockbridge, Ga. 30281; (800) 331-7600 .
The total value included both the firm orders and the options for the 7 twin-engine 777's, and 36 Rolls-Royce RB211 Trent 800 engines, 8 of them spares.
At one point a band of rockers came out to load up its equipment, and a pickup truck bearing a rowdy bunch of bongo players rolled by in the street.
Though the billings were not disclosed, R. Craig Morningstar, a spokesman for Alfa Romeo in Orlando, Fla., said the account was "relatively small as far as automobile manufacturers are concerned."
The Walker, a woman who, the author writes, "was one of Quarryville's familiar sights, an old woman who either for her health (that was the rumor) or simple compulsion seemed to spend every waking hour, rain, shine or blizzard, walking around town and not speaking to a soul," is also a familiar sight in Hastings.
"He is important to us, but so are the other players we recruited this year.
In the process, the show reveals an achievement that helped set the stage for the art of the 1980's -- especially in its emphasis on narrative -- and yet that has come fully into its own only in the past few years.
Factories Prefer Women But women in the Xiamen area and around the nation have improved their position in industry.
To a layman watching the Indians bravely toil away at Angkor Wat despite oppressive heat and wretched working conditions, there is little question of the Indian team's dedication to the project.
"You want to do anything, you can do it in Vietnam."
Most of the people killed in the attack today were elderly Catholics.
It began after armed units of the fundamentalists significantly increased their attacks on security officials, killing scores of people in the last year, including several senior police officers and more than 30 Christian Copts, whom the fundamentalists appear to have chosen as a target to undermine confidence in the Government's ability to keep order.
"Ken Weiner is a scam artist," Mr. Cranmer said.
In fact, the diplomatic community as a whole has become a welcome source of demand in an otherwise bleak landscape for commercial space in Manhattan.
The video, which some congregants hope may eventually make it to MTV, will be part of the proselytizing effort.
Mary Anne Koubek, the daughter of Dr. and Mrs. Edward Koubek of Annapolis, Md., was married there yesterday to Dr. Garth Robert Smith, a son of Mr. and Mrs. Richard Smith of Billings, Mont.
The gloom has been particularly thick at Time, where layoffs and other cost-cutting measures have created a perception among many insiders that, as a priority, journalism had become a distant second to profit.
One witness, a psychologist, testified that he had regularly fingerprinted his daughter to make sure a spy had not taken her place.
Peter Sellars is too clever, too busy.
Mr. Gilmore is still contesting the security agency's refusal to release the classified third volume of Colonel Friedman's later work entitled "Military Cryptanalytics," written with a student, Lambros D. Callimahos.
This means developing governments must pursue different goals simultaneously, making agriculture both more productive and environmentally sustainable while helping the rural poor earn money to improve their diet.
But the justices also said that they would hold a hearing on Oct. 13 to consider two related questions: whether the Legislature's demand that the administration lay off only managers violated the separation-of-powers provisions in the constitution and whether the administration's decision to ignore that order was legal.
Not Much Time With eight games to play, New York is running out of time to catch the Cavaliers, who lead the Knicks by three and a half games in the Eastern Conference standing.
"I try to push Donny Osmond, certain Neil Diamond and girl groups.
He is just an insult to all professional actors, because he knows everything."
After that, everything fell into place."
Front overhang has been shortened as well, and it is now four inches less than it was.
Outfitted for Tennis The Hamlet Cup tennis tournament in Commack is a warm-up for the United States Open in more ways than one.
The female factor was striking in California contests, the voter survey, conducted by Voter Research Surveys, showed.
And how much information can be successfully communicated depends in part on how far advanced Alzheimer's is when a patient first seeks medical care.
Small children played checkers, chess and other board games.
Beat the eggs with all but two tablespoons of the sugar.
The Governor alluded to that strength today at a Dallas news conference.
The police said they did not know to whom the teeth fragments belonged.
But the Court declared unconstitutional the law's central enforcement mechanism, a provision that in effect makes a state the legal owner of all low-level radioactive waste within its borders if it has not met its disposal needs by Jan. 1, 1996.
The set opened with two pieces from his new album, "The Vibe" -- the title song and "Caryisms."
"Unfortunately," he wrote to Mr. Artinian, "there is no money to hire a detective and track de Man down."
Amanda Warren Goodhue, a daughter of Mr. and Mrs. John T. Goodhue of Hancock, N.H., was married yesterday in Lancaster, Mass., to Daniel James Lacey, a son of Mr. and Mrs. Neil Lacey of Framingham, Mass.
Courts appoint lawyers when defendants cannot afford private representation.
Tonight, rebel forces holding the Georgian television station invited each side to make a statement during a two-hour broadcast.
"I wanted it to be healing, cleansing and empowering," Ms.
And coming in December is "Forever Young," in which Mel Gibson decides he cannot live without the woman he loves, and has himself frozen.
Wright resigned after the Ethics Committee decided there were dozens of charges against him worth pursuing.
Circulation Growth For the six-month period that ended June 30, Harper's reported a circulation of 202,076, virtually flat with the year before, according to the Audit Bureau of Circulations.
"In the present circumstances it would be in GPA's interests that there should be a single leadership focus," a company spokesman told Reuters.
Among the more prominent characters are Jeff Burgess (Dan Welch), the club's goofy owner, who has a metal plate in his head and refuses to take bomb threats over the phone, and Jeff's ominous father, Robert (Bob Owczarek).
In 1986 the Food and Drug Administration accused ICN of issuing a press kit that exaggerated the effectiveness of the drug.
And many widely used medications, like steroids, can also sometimes lead to a depression."
But most such "karoshi" cases deal with blue-collar workers; only rarely is a karoshi death of a white-collar worker recognized.
Christopher J. Daggett, managing director of William E. Simon & Sons, will head a group on "Creating a More Sustainable Region."
Investcorp, a New-York investment bank, emerged as the leader of a group that has offered $425 million to buy the Circle K Corporation, the bankrupt convenience store chain.
Certainly there should be voices demanding to know: "What are we getting into?
Sometimes, that involves a lot of people.
"We're treating it like we would any other case," he said.
STEVEN J. KUMBLE New York, May 26, 1992
(The company has not yet announced the address.)
Mr. Edwards now carries extra copies in his black leather satchel -- just as he did 27 years ago -- to sell on the street or give away to youngsters.
Kf7 because 41 Bd4 Bd1 42 Bc8 b5 43 Bf2 forces him to drop his bishop to free his rook, just as in the game continuation.
Mr. Perot was given the edge in one area: 51 percent said he was "tough enough to make the hard decisions necessary to reduce the Federal budget deficit," while 42 percent said the same for Mr. Bush, and 46 percent for Mr. Clinton.
In New Haven, Mr. Dow said, officials recently had a hard time finding lawyers after more than 10 people were arrested in a Federal drug sweep.
Tartabull and a Tuesday meeting are in the future.
Now these fields and these views from every window are hers, and they are what she wants to look out on the day she dies.
It questioned, for example, the amount of time Houlihan Lokey Howard & Zukin, advisers to the bondholders, spent on comparative analyses of other department stores' operations.
"The manager doesn't have a set closer," said Young, who earned his second save.
Scaled back and phased in with recovery, Mr. Perot's show-and-tell program could become a realistic approach to the deficit.
But it will be interesting to see how he handles the Knicks during games.
The same is true for most rhododendrons.
The main onus of preventing the "third truck" from tearing to pieces the Italian marines, alpine troops and carabinieri (Italian police units) falls on Charlie, an extremely civilized and sentimental intelligence officer, who is excessively tender toward his men, going around the outposts in the dark to make sure they are cautious enough and have their winter wear on.
When the war was going up, the price was going up."
Referring to his comments on Tuesday, Mr. Foley said, "I said that there had been reports that the grand jury was looking into my wife's association with the post office, but it is also true, as I've said today, that she is not a target or subject of that."
"Then he just turned away."
Those troubles came on the heels of endless news reports and innuendos about the marriages and romantic liaisons of the Queen's children.
DR. PEKMEZARIS And if you want to take a look at A.C.S.
In fairness to Fitch, he remains in constant danger of being fired, despite the fact that his team, which was scheduled to play the Bulls in Chicago last night, stabilized somewhat and finished December with an 8-6 flourish.
Remarkably, some printed material has been restored, although it may have little more than sentimental value.
And Mr. Khasbulatov has signaled that he will not carry out his threat of trying to bring down the Government.
This not only poses a risk to other visitors but can damage the furniture."
James Vail, general manager of the Ritz Carlton Buckhead Hotel, said that if the ordinance was enacted, "we would comply with the utmost sensitivity to the taste and needs of our guests."
Rocky Point 216,500 39 Soundview Drive 3-bedroom, 2 1/2-bath 45-year-old log house; eat-in kitchen, fireplace, sunroom, 1-car garage, water view; taxes $2,600.
"We have seen a tremendous correlation between that and activity at the cash register," says Daniel Glass, executive vice president and general manager of EMI Records in New York.
A third route is to take a ferry from the Mexican mainland to La Paz or Santa Rosalia.
By the time he was able to compete for the position against Byrd, he had lost too much ground.
David Livingston, the Bahrain-based representative of the commission overseeing the disposal of Iraq's weapons of mass destruction, said the brief face-off had been settled without trouble.
"Our poise is a lot better right now.
The predominant motif of the hundreds of commercials that are occasionally interrupted by NBC's coverage of the 1992 Summer Olympics is, naturally enough, sports.
"How did you react to dying?"
"It's safe to say that Perot will have more impact in Texas than in any other state," said George Christian, an Austin political consultant who served as press secretary for President Lyndon B. Johnson.
The joint decision on the war, a rare, eloquent moment when Congress commanded the country's attention, was a signal exception.
Jenkins replaced him at No.
But then again, Nassau County hasn't seen two-party democracy in a long time either.
Krastev has been there ever since, absorbing a new culture, learning English, lifting weights few Americans can approach, driving a Thunderbird; working as a bouncer at a Manhattan night club; waiting for his citizenship with a sunny disposition even with full knowledge he will never take the oath of allegiance in time for Barcelona.
If two Iowa State University chemists have their way, the phrase "clean your plate" will someday take on a whole new meaning.
That ruling was reversed on July 2 in a unanimous decision by a five-member Appellate Division of the State Supreme Court in Riverhead.
Commercial producers possess the golden fleece: gums and artificial stabilizers.
GETTING married in Pamplona, Spain, when the bulls were running wasn't what their families had in mind.
But they were starving long before the embargo began.
Daly May Be Sued Daly was playing the day after it was learned that his former girlfriend, Bettye Fulford, was considering filing a palimony suit and a paternity suit against him.
"You have a great executive team in place," Mr. Davis said.
But my hunch would be this: the production's root problem is its raison d'etre -- Ms. Lange, who is making her Broadway debut as Blanche DuBois.
His mother, Sylvia Moubayed, owns CAV Antiques in Providence.
"He proved he could get the job done, but we already knew that.
On the Super Bowl III Jets, for example, Joe Namath was their toughest player, limping on aching knees while whipping passes to Don Maynard and George Sauer Jr.
Witnesses seemed to agree that Mr. Camille was shot by mistake.
Nobody paid attention to Rampulla's dark shorts and diagonally striped goalie shirt slipping into the frenzied pack.
In "Pearl Harbor Ghosts" (1991) Thurston Clarke journeys to Hawaii to discover the legacies of the attack, and draws "lessons .
Reports of serial killings crop up regularly in the newspapers.
"As a recent emigre to N.Y.C.
"Once more the yields on the tax-exempts declined," said Walter Frank, economist for Donoghue's.
And at every New Year's Eve party I went to everyone was yelling 'This is your year!
This film has no rating.
"I'm not blaming him, that's their jobs," Michael said of Guzman and his agent.
And news programs are not subject to onerous financial renegotiations with producers and Hollywood studios after four years on the air.
In both cases, the U.S. will be concerned with preventing the domination of key regions by a hostile power.
Once Chinese troops were routed, Britain never tried to enforce its new claim.
So the Securities and Exchange Commission imposed fines ranging up to $100,000 on 98 banks and securities firms.
They do not yet know if they have anything close to what it takes to get out of the hole they've already created.
John Getz Lucy Taylor .
But the needs of the medical schools and the hospitals often clash.
Sir Kenneth, who was knighted in 1983, is survived by his wife, Deborah, and a daughter, Charlotte.
2 2 9 THE SILENT PASSAGE, by Gail Sheehy.
So why aren't we laughing heartily at the Vivian Beaumont Theater, where "My Favorite Year," looking like a million bucks, but playing more like $29.95, recently took up residence?
"Clearly the marketing challenge is the bigger challenge," said Jack Grubman, an analyst at Paine Webber, who follows Bell Atlantic, New Jersey Bell's parent.
"You have to ask why they are operating there and not in New York City," Mr. Reppetto said.
Molly once worked with her father and brothers and is now an independent Orvis dealer.
By the 19th century, the Maria Theresa taler of Austria dominated trade in Ethiopia.
"The market was looking for an early end, but no solution is in sight."
He said the officers fired fearing for their own safety.
Conversations with people, mostly from the Chicago area, a number of whom seem still to have convictions that encourage us to hope.
At the same time, the army has introduced riot-control techniques to reduce fatalities, including the use of water cannon, tear gas and rubber or plastic bullets; but such methods have resulted in deaths as well.
Mix the pureed tomatoes with the olive oil and season to taste with salt and pepper.
She was teaching as a professor at Fordham University's School of Social Work at the time of her death.
Three of the four agencies that purchased these areas did not use condemnation at all.
Bremer's apartment has been sealed, and is under police guard.
METRO DIGEST LEGISLATIVE SESSION ENDS IN DEADLOCK The New York legislative session ended in partisan bickering, as lawmakers left town near dawn without acting on two major economic initiatives: an $800 million bond act to create jobs and fiscal bailouts for Nassau and Suffolk Counties.
As the Clinton campaign organization continues to keep its search for a running mate largely secret, a now-familiar list of possibilities is still circulating here at breakfast meetings, reporters' lunches on Capitol Hill and in news reports.
Eatman said: "That kind of thing is an example of how bad things had gotten -- when a team tells you that unless you basically back off your legal rights, then you have no chance of playing football there or anywhere else.
Attacking 58 mining camps, Venezuela's border guards burned more than 100 camp dormitories, sank or blew up 36 river barges equipped with suction pumps for mining, temporarily detained hundreds of Brazilian miners and sent hundreds more fleeing on foot through the forest to Brazil's border state of Roraima.
"Don't forget, most Croats here voted for an independent Bosnia back in February," said a 38-year-old commander, who gave his name only as Zeljko.
Its posing flappers, floating archly past the camera in the film's opening moments, bespeak a pointed artificiality, but the passion between Leopold (Craig Chester) and Loeb (Daniel Schlachet) is urgent and real.
He was imprisoned twice and exiled twice for being part of the campaign to oust the dictatorship of Gerardo Machado, who was overthrown in 1933.
But it said most of the earnings gain came from an increase in pension income and a decrease in interest expense.
In the end, few people tied to Lifschultz believe that the quixotic fight will end, although no one is holding their breath for success.
Braggs was 10 for 22 (.455) with two homers against Avery when he came to bat in the first inning after three infield singles.
Last spring Mr. Solomon said there were nine encounters; today he remembered only six.
Apple reported net income of $131.7 million, or $1.07 a share, for its fiscal third quarter, which ended June 26, in contrast to a loss of $53.1 million a year earlier, when it took a restructuring charge of $138.9 million after taxes.
They said the steel had been melted down after the gulf war ended, and they showed investigators the melted stockpile.
INTERNATIONAL Worry Around the World as Japan's Stock Market Wobbles These days, Japanese money managers are up late -- and it's not because of any partying.
A three-year prison sentence was suspended.
The show is on view through Feb. 26.
To the Editor: Enough rhetoric about the failure of Soviet socialism ("The Soviet State, Born of a Dream, Dies," front page, Dec. 26).
He said another bidder was unlikely, in light of Campbell's large existing stake.
But Steve DeBerg, the 17th-year quarterack who broke the tip of the pinkie finger on his throwing hand in a weight room accident the same day, will remain sidelined.
The centerpiece of the Council's plan is using $700 million that could be borrowed through a complex bond refinancing involving the state Municipal Assistance Corporation.
"People, when they start to learn of sequels, say, 'Oh, they just serve up the first movie again,' " Mr. Friedman said.
AUG. 19-21, 1991: The day before President Gorbachev plans to sign a union treaty intended to keep several republics together, hardliners move to overthrow him.
The trip got off to a bad start.
Mr. Buchanan is expected to hammer the President for signing the civil rights legislation of 1991, which some conservatives asserted was a "quota bill," a charge denied by its supporters in both parties.
"What you are seeing is a series of decisions that focused on the economic growth side of the balance.
CUBA: A Journey, by Jacobo Timerman.
He has been playing Zelig to Chaplin, the greatest of American film icons, perhaps hoping to achieve the same results both professionally and personally.
a small property in a rain-forest garden with royal palms and indigenous plants like butti thatch and pink poui.
Because if the authorities found you staying in a city for which you didn't have papers, anything could happen to you.
Since it was founded in 1912 by Adolph S. Ochs, who was then publisher of The New York Times, the Neediest Cases has -- through two world wars, through the roaring 20's and the Great Depression, and through the booming 80's and the slumping 90's -- enabled millions of people to lend a helping hand to New York's sick, poor and disabled.
Maybe he doesn't want me anymore.
-- From "The Bride of the Wind" by Susanne Keegan.
But Elkington said he was confused about the line, and his putt, which missed wide to the right, reflected that indecision.
Big Differences "I think we must accept that among the various parties there is a fundamental difference on what the final constitution should look like," said Tertius Delport, a Government negotiator.
The Pepsi-Cola Company will use the commercial time it has purchased during CBS's telecast of Super Bowl XXVI on Jan. 26 to introduce the first change in the advertising slogan for its flagship Pepsi-Cola brand since 1984.
Defense lawyers and prosecutors interviewed yesterday said it had never occurred to them that the sidebars were improper.
The Federal Environmental Protection Agency, which classifies radon as a known human carcinogen, has established four picocuries of radioactivity per liter of air as the level above which steps should be taken to reduce radon in a building.
Either way, his current posture toward Federal rule-making marks a full-circle turnabout by the President.
An autopsy on Malice W. Green, the black motorist beaten to death after being stopped by the police two weeks ago, showed that he had cocaine and alcohol in his system when he died, the Wayne County Prosecutor's office said today.
The Waterbury and Bridgeport police say they are buying handguns and rifles at a steady pace as gun owners take advantage of Connecticut's gun-purchase amnesty program.
"The winner is most likely to be the person who starts scoring early, and who doesn't make any mistakes."
For a right-handed slugger with as much power to right field and right-center as to left field, he is capable of hitting 30 homers and driving in 100 runs as the "big guy" so desperately needed to ease the burden on the others in the Yankee batting order.
Varig has been feeling the pressure from the two United States carriers, which have put in larger aircraft and more frequent flights at a time when traffic has been sluggish.
The defendant, Romane LaFond, was convicted on Nov. 11 of slaying the woman, Phyllis LaPine, who was killed during a burglary in her apartment on Feb. 6.
There is no clear evidence on the marital status of the other apostles except for St. John, whom a near-unanimous tradition holds to have been a virgin.
While saying he had done all he could to reduce it, he also said, "There is only one right course, and that is to keep my pledge."
The rise in prison populations is surely related to rising income inequality in the United States and to the high costs of apprehension and to the overworking of our court system and even to too-short prison terms, but I see no reason why filled jails suggest that punishment does not serve as a deterrent.
Mr. Nabiyev is opposed by a revived Islamic party, the small democratic opposition and poorer Tajiks from the central plains and eastern mountains who have had little Government largess.
He had better moments later in the debate, but it must have been difficult for some viewers to forget that opening evasiveness.
"The bill falls short because we still will become increasingly dependent on oil from the Middle East," he said in an interview.
Mr. Brancato, who heads the association that represents the private child welfare agencies, said his members told him the reports were grossly inaccurate.
In California, Mr. Clinton is not well known.
Among other charges, some of the accused are said to have executed trades "in front of" clients' trades, thus capturing a profit because they knew which way the market would head.
The news came as the Commerce Department reported its main economic barometer rose for the fifth straight month in May.
That Mr. Mabaso is tackling his country's severe educational problems suggests there is no alternative to empowering black South Africans in the search for solutions.
Her daughter, having quietly completed four years of undergraduate study here, will graduate alongside her.
"How sweet it is," Mr. Conrad told about 200 of his supporters at a celebration Friday night in Bismarck.
In October, the Cambodian factions signed a peace treaty in Paris brokered by the United States, the Soviet Union and China that gave the United Nations the central role in insuring that the accord is respected.
The McCaw family would hold 54 million shares, or about 21 percent.
There are practical steps that can help prevent problems with long visits as well.
Stewart's plan was to make Foreman work for three minutes of every round, tiring him.
Leslie Rutnick helped raise tens of thousands of dollars for new computers, a rooftop playground and an extended-day program for her son's school.
His father is the president of Peter C. Budd Associates, an advertising sales representative company in Princeton.
And they have succeeded admirably.
" said William Hambrecht, president and chief executive of the Belvedere Winery in Healdsburg, Calif., as well as co-chief executive of Hambrecht & Quist, a San Francisco investment banking firm.
It's little things like that that pick up a team.
Then he got serious and talked about the "bond that you develop out there that you cannot explain to anybody else except if you are an athlete and feel it out in the heat of battle."
He died of lung cancer, his family said.
The three bodies found on Friday were discovered in isolated areas within blocks of each other; two were by roadsides, the third by a railroad trestle.
Although the editors who exert primary control over research of the scrolls occasionally published interpretations of other texts, including MMT, most of the documents themselves were withheld from publication.
The fountain is an example of a growing move by developers to lure customers with entertainment.
He has missed one game with an injured hand and another with an injured foot.
In a further effort to resolve some of the issues linked to the aid cutoff, Mrs. Chamorro's chief minister and son-in-law, Antonio Lacayo, announced this week that the Government was working on a plan to indemnify owners of property confiscated in the Sandinista era without cause but which cannot now be returned to the original owners.
SAN ANTONIO RIDERS -- Signed Roderick Manning, linebacker.
A plane carrying Mr. Mojadedi and about 70 associates was hit by a rocket on Friday as it arrived in Kabul from Pakistan, the staging arena for the Muslim rebel coalition's 14-year fight against a series of Communist governments.
I have my roots here.
Until November 1990, he had kept up his loan payments to the lender and monthly maintenance payments to the co-op.
that too strong a resistance to Medicare, which pays part of the medical expenses of citizens over the age of 65, might lead to more sweeping Government programs, like national health insurance.
Le Sport, the resort and spa on St. Lucia, is offering a Fly Free program until Dec. 17.
And on the grimy, industrial stretch of Routes 1 and 9 where the women operate, tractor trailers are more common than pedestrians; prostitutes and their clients have the same anonymity they had in areas of New York where prostitution has long been part of the streetscape.
His daughter, Sullin Low, said Mr. Low suffered a broken leg, fractured ribs and possible internal injuries.
State Controller Gray Davis, a Democrat seeking the same seat, shows scenes of the Los Angeles riots in his commercial while an announcer says: "It's not white people's fault there were riots in L.A.
The previous year had been tumultuous, with the retirement of the school's longtime principal and the quick departure of two successive acting principals.
The city's Hispanic leaders bitterly denounced Mr. Solarz but were unable to coalesce around another candidate.
With the festivities long over, however, the complexities of the undertaking are becoming apparent.
We work as hard as we can for the next game."
They bask in the glow of prominent research professors who attract top students, who are then instructed in Federally supported labs.
The long-term hope, officials said, is to free the 32-person central purchasing staff so that more time could be spent negotiating better prices for the individual hospitals to take advantage of.
He returned to the huddle after his interception, he recalled, and told the players: "That one's on me.
"A lot of things can affect a decision to prosecute," the Justice Department official said.
Another tricky one is celery, which needs the same conditions to maintain its usual crispness.
This is a commanding position, so why should we do more?"
Pratt notified 840 hourly workers in East Hartford, 250 in Middletown, 235 in North Haven and 150 in Southington that they would be laid off on Jan. 31, Ms. Ford said.
Mr. Carberry's principal assertions are that Mr. Feinstein improperly spent $300,000 on the rental, maintenance and furnishing of an apartment at 300 East 57th Street, $100,000 in interest-free loans and charged the union more than $73,000 for out-of-pocket expenses.
His 15-yard penalty cost the Bills a shot at a field goal, which would at least have erased that big leering zero on the scoreboard at halftime.
The stock closed yesterday at $6.25 a share on the New York Stock Exchange in comparison with a high of $47 in January of 1987.
The Democrats sought to project an image of unity between blacks and whites, mayors and governors and senators, men and women, and to highlight their support for abortion rights.
Some doctors, he said, will rush to treat such children with human growth hormone injections.
The formerly Yugoslav republic of Macedonia covers nearly 26,000 square kilometers and has 1.9 million people.
"It had the additional advantage of literally being in our own backyard," Mr. Cameron said.
Such powerful neighbors as Turkey and Iran are closely watching the struggle over the enclave with rival sympathies.
Combine all of the dry ingredients.
Richard J. Nelson, a Roman Catholic priest.
He put in so many days and nights at the council building that municipal officials gave him his own key to the front door.
"I may go from one to the other and then back," said Ray Handley, the Giants' coach.
Harry Leff, vice president of Beaver Productions in New Orleans, one of the nation's top promotion organizations, said of promoter-owned amphitheaters, "They will book just about anybody."
Her tidy, single room with the window dressed with blue ruffled curtains is decorated with religious pictures, stuffed animals and a crocheted afghan given to her by another inmate.
Serve with fried bread triangles.
"Just today," she said, "a couple of fellows stopped and gawked, causing nearly a major accident right under my very nose."
Certainly the comely and charming Mr. Clinton, who promises to stick with us until the last dog dies, is running in part on his personality, and we've decided to explore it fully.
Ms. Credle, 32 years old, graduated from Duke University and received an M.B.A. from New York University.
Both women did get jobs for the 1991-92 season as a result of their late-1990 tour.
KLM Royal Dutch Airlines committed itself yesterday to putting $50 million into Northwest Airlines.
Most everyone in the rough, insular world of the trading pits here seems to agree with that assessment, although many also include Mr. Stern's behavior in that indictment.
An Impending Deadline A company spokesman said that about two-thirds of the estimated 32,000 workers leaving voluntarily were in the United States, while most of the rest were in Europe.
He even dared the United States Government, saying, "I got no quarrel with them Vietcong."
Now that the Republican economic game is up and anti-Communism won't play, these appeals intensify.
"The bottom line is the salmonella bacteria affects how the egg sounds," said Dr. Dipen Sinha of the laboratory's Electronics Research Group.
Sunlight increases their production, and therefore, he theorizes, their concentration in bile.
Lincoln Square construction loans came not from American financial institutions, but from Bayerische Hypotheken und Wechsel Bank of Munich, Sud Westdeutsche Landsbank Girozentrale of Stuttgart and Peninsular and Oriental Steam Navigation Company of London.
I was always the fastest then."
That's what happened Wednesday night, after Anderson picked up three personal fouls in the first quarter.
There were no offers to Beard to be a head coach.
I tracked Mr. Humphrey down at his hotel, and he agreed to meet informally with our group of students.
He said that Croatian troops had occupied parts of Bosnia and that "Muslim forces" had probably also undertaken "some pretty unpleasant activities" there.
Ms. Goodman said the anesthesiologist has requested a leave of absence.
Brokerage stocks, which have fallen sharply in recent sessions, also gained some lost ground.
People just can't understand it."
Mr. Alia was chief ideologist and chosen successor of Enver Hoxha, the dictator who ruled Communist Albania from its founding until his death in 1985.
All he would say was that the radar had identified 122-millimeter howitzer fire from a position four and a half miles east held by Serbian forces, and that after a second shot from the same firing position, the equipment could pinpoint a gun's location within 50 yards.
About 2,000 cases are made annually.
It seems a matter of considerable importance to him that the hatched fish survive the depredations of their parents.
Beyond that, things are murky.
*3*** COMPANY REPORTS ** View Full Article in Timesmachine »
But allowing for the usual first-time jitters, the short list was generally praised for both its inclusiveness and its thoroughness.
There is full power equipment, an automatic "down" for the driver's window that aids in paying tolls, and such other amenities as cruise control and a tilt wheel.
Walsh is already braced, but losing is one thing that he does not fear.
Another can display a structural outline of the symphony: click the cursor on the appropriate words, and the exposition and recapitulation from the first movement can be instantly heard and compared.
But that was only about half the 13.2 percent increase in spending in 1983, the year after the 1981-82 recession.
Sometimes she is blamed for hooking up with a violent man, or even for provoking his attacks.
The nuns discuss the various recipes -- the Mortally Sinful Devil's Food Cake, the Barbecued Ribs St. Joan and the easy Mary Magdalene Tarts -- until, to their horror, they discover that Sister Julia has included the infamous recipe for the killer vichyssoise, complete with the deadly ingredients.
Mr. Andriessen said of the GATT talks: "A failure would affect our overall relations because it would be seen not only as a failure in trade policy but also a failure of political leadership.
Some six decades ago, in the early days of the game, one famous player offered a brilliant thought to another.
Sandy Alderson, the Athletics' general manager, exhibited more impressive talent with his roster maneuvering the night of the trade than his team has since.
That raises to almost $18 million the amount that Mr. Bush has collected for his primary campaign in the last five months.
The 1,510 layoffs on Monday represented about 2 percent of the state work force, reducing the number of employees to 71,884, a state official said today.
The Inter-American Press Association's committee on press freedom plans to issue a statement on Monday condemning Venezuela's censorship measures.
Three Quick Goals The game was decided early, on a flurry of three Ranger goals within an eight-minute period of the first period.
That is a long way from where I first saw him, in 1982, when he was an 18-year-old infielder playing in a game for Jefferson.
That is nearly double the level in 1986 and amounts to $1,343 for every New Yorker, one of the highest levels in the nation.
But I can't help wishing that you had also quoted one of Mr. Wang's three children, or at least his 25-year-old grandson, who was present at the interview and who, like other young people of his generation, thinks, as Mr. Wang himself put it, very differently.
1 LOOKING AHEAD TO TOUGH TIMES Russians like Mariya Vrublevskaya and her family have little idea how they will survive the economic storm that is about to engulf them when President Yeltsin removes food price subsidies on Thursday.
The company's class B shares were off $1.375, at $8.625, after hitting a low of $6.75.
These free-agency offers were tied to a salary cap, with players receiving between 56 and 60 percent of a team's gross revenue, and a rookie wage scale with graduated salaries and bonuses based upon the round in which a player is drafted.
Then Ryan went over and climbed on the stationary bicycle.
Junk bond funds, called "high current yield" funds by the industry, are the highest-risk bond category.
For ages 6 to 12.
But the market has been so favorable toward both auto companies recently that their shares are strongly priced, and thus have the least potential for large gains, at least for now.
Mario M. Cuomo and Schools Chancellor Joseph A. Fernandez in endorsing similar plans.
LACEMAKING ART The art of lacemaking is the subject of a display at the Farmington Library through the end of September.
The new rules made it clear that in courtrooms lawyers cannot knowingly introduce false evidence or testimony.
The meeting with Mr. Garth, which took place Sept. 25 in Mr. Garth's office, was arranged because Mr. Petrides and his three allies were angry that the board's chief public relations executive, James S. Vlasto, was favoring the minority faction in his dealings with newspaper reporters and editors on issues like an AIDS curriculum.
*3*** COMPANY REPORTS ** View Full Article in Timesmachine »
"It has to be to put it to the best use.
And there are Rangers and Providence fans, who care about nothing else.
"When you get into specialty categories like neurosurgery, ophthalmology and plastic surgery, then a large number of blacks are trained at black schools," Mr. Lofton said.
I can get some rubles from them, but they're not worth much.
"This year is a black year for world history.
Spiers went on the disabled list the second day of the season.
As the Presidential campaign rolls along, spelling seems to be emerging as a hot topic.
But Mr. Kajiyama is a skilled political operative, and he was given credit for carefully managing the parliamentary testimony in the recent scandals, assuring there were no major new revelations.
In fact, the union not only gave ground on wages and health benefits; it also agreed to eliminate automatic cost-of-living increases, reduce overtime pay and relax rigid work schedules.
She said that she knew price increases were coming but that "we didn't think we would have to prepare for war."
Water Authority, $52 million in revenue bonds.
So while I applaud the Senate women's room -- and believe the six female Senators might want to band together and demand the death couch from their sisters in the House -- these women must remember the ubiquitous argument during this Year of the Woman: Will we govern differently?
Mario M. Cuomo yesterday promised that he would follow through on his personal pledge to the city to develop 1,616 more apartments for the mentally ill.
And the Pentagon has projected that it will have to devote an ever-larger percentage of its budget to financing the pensions.
All nine crew members were killed, said Tech.
Ms. Fine, the director of North Star Fund, a Manhattan foundation that supports grass-roots community groups in all five boroughs, said, "We're afraid the U.S. is going to take Cuba as the next country it is going to go after, like Grenada, Haiti, Panama and other countries where there was a revolution that spoke for the rights of the people."
And you have to go and spend time in the woodshed.
The United States soccer team outplayed Ireland, 3-1, here last night in front of 35,696 paying fans.
It lacks a great choreographer, Mr. Moiseyev said.
"I've had clients who invest in a horse but never look them in the eye," said Shaffner, who won a team bronze at the 1991 Pan American Games and finished seventh at the 1991 World Cup finals aboard Volan, "and now I can understand why."
The most urgent linguistic problem of the campaign for President of Henry Ross Perot is what to call his supporters.
A new generation of anti-viral drugs is moving into early testing for safety and efficacy.
As Fortinbras blunders in court, his army peacefully conquers Poland, Transylvania and Carpathia.
"This man who testified on behalf of the Government lied to the jury," Mr. May said at a hearing with jurors outside the courtroom.
A few of us, like Mr. Broyles and myself, served in the armed forces in Southeast Asia or outside that theater; others sought to fulfill their obligation through alternative service as conscientious objectors; some fled to Canada to escape the draft; a few, like Joan Baez's husband, went to jail rather than serve in the war.
Both candidates would retain some American forces in Japan and South Korea.
Mr. Clinton was referring to a speech delivered by Patrick J. Buchanan at the Republican convention on the convention's first night.
It pros elytizes for Christianity; it binds the churchgoing community; it trains and rewards virtuoso singers; it brings joy to both believers and non-believers.
The campaign, which likened black street gangs to neo-Nazis and Ku Klux Klansmen in the gangs' effect on the black community, touched off angry debate and some protests.
My legs were not there.
RIPPLES FROM A SCANDAL Across New York, New Jersey and Connecticut, United Way organizations are suffering from the scandal that has shaken the United Way of America.
Outstanding bills for 1989 to 1991 have been broken down alphabetically and placed into folders in four piles, each about six inches thick.
Uncertainty about all the figures presented in Monday's debate also led delegates to authorize a more detailed study of alternate sites, in effect handing the final decision to the 1996 General Conference while leaving the vote as a clear signal of conservative discontent.
"When somebody scores three goals for the eight- or 10th-place teams, everybody throws cups at each other," Kovalev said, referring to the Muscovites.
Even though he's a great athlete, it's unfair to expect a miracle.
Spoonfuls of Sweetness Last week, Nutrasweet artificial sweetener was introduced in bulk crystalline form that can be used in many of the same ways as granulated cane sugar and can be spooned out in roughly the same amounts.
It looked like everyone was dead.
John Herbert, vice president of corporate communications for S.A.S., said that Continental brings S.A.S.
It included details of some arms programs that have been curtailed or cancelled by Moscow, such as production of strategic bombers and long-range cruise missiles.
He characterizes Mr. Clinton's plan to pare military spending as "timid," Mr. Brown's as "not believable."
In the race to develop automobile engines that conserve fuel but provide adequate power, the Mitsubishi Motors Corporation has revived an idea that failed a decade ago.
Patrick H. Caddell, the Democratic consultant who has long preached the potential in finding candidates who could mine the votes of those born in the baby boom from the end of World War II to the mid-1960's, said: "This wasn't quite what was in mind.
In a statement released last night, Police Commissioner Raymond W. Kelly said the charges against the two men were determined by Assistant Chief William O'Sullivan, the commander of Patrol Borough Brooklyn South.
For a time he chose the classical music played on American Airlines planes.
Each company has plans to expand its appeal to children, specifically aiming to lure children away from the broadcast networks' prime-time shows.
Dr. Moran, a statewide spokesman for school superintendents, said local officials have tried to "present clear, straightforward" budgets in hopes of reversing the broad rate of rejection of the last two years.
But it would still permit the Pentagon to spend more than otherwise needed to procure new arms -- on the grounds that buying them would keep the defense industrial base at the ready for rapid rebuilding.
"We told the incoming administration that we want to be part of the solution, not part of the problem," said Mr. Freiman, chairman of the Syntex Corporation, in Palo Alto, Calif. Mr. Freiman said that prescription drugs should be part of any standard package of health-care benefits.
Archibald Cox Watergate prosecutor As the first special Watergate prosecutor, Mr. Cox laid the legal groundwork for prosecution of the conspirators and for the Supreme Court decision requiring President Nixon to turn over tapes of converstaions in the Oval Office.
The New Jersey Symphony Orchestra announced yesterday that Zdenek Macal would become its artistic adviser for two seasons, beginning in September.
The Tampa Bay group, with Vince Naimoli, chief executive officer of Anchor Industries Incorporated, as the controlling investor, was said to have agreed to pay $110 million for the Giants.
REGION AN INDICTMENT IN NEW JERSEY The Essex County Executive, Thomas J.
The lover is played by Vincent D'Onofrio, Ms. Scacchi's offscreen companion and the father of the daughter born to her in Sydney on March 20.
Maj. Gen. Philippe Morillon, the French officer named to organize the stepped-up relief effort authorized by the United Nations Security Council last week, flew here over the weekend to assess problems facing the new, 6,000-member United Nations military force.
The annual deficit limits set by Congress are automatically increased to reflect any rise in the cost of the savings bailout.
Manuel A. Sousa, the president of Friends of Queen Catherine, said funds would be sought from the financial and corporate communities in Portugal, England and New York.
This rosy characterization of Mr. Perot's deficit reduction program reflects the conventional wisdom.
To avoid the tariffs, Apple and some other companies have already begun moving production of their portable machines outside the United States.
For the quarter ended Feb. 1, the Gap said it earned $83.9 million, or 59 cents a share, up 48.5 percent from $56.5 million, or 40 cents a share, in the period a year ago.
Citicorp has corporate offices in more than 90 countries, more than any other banking company, but for all its sweep and stature, it has never been a standout at making money.
In a strong cast, Tilda Swinton, who plays Edward's Queen, Isabella, turns in the most memorable performance, that of a love-starved woman whose iceberg exterior conceals a consuming sexual hunger.
The state's Superintendent of Insurance, Salvatore R. Curiale, said at the time that he would re-evaluate the decision if the company's finances continued to deteriorate or if the State Legislature did not change the rules governing the insurance industry by April.
Its anonymous corporate hit men drove the late Michael Burke straight to Ireland.
And many young people from farm backgrounds have no choice but to leave the fields.
"It's the very culture of the agency to look at why it happened."
In "Red Square," the doors of the ruined house are finally opened to the West.
Had Newt's capsize occurred farther from shore, or had the winds shifted to slow or prevented their landing, hypothermia (the leading cause of sea-kayaking fatalities) could well have ended his life.
The Clintons flatly dismiss the accusation that the state funnels business to the firm and maintain that there is nothing wrong with Mrs. Clinton's position because she accepts no income from the firm's direct representation of state agencies.
The Yankees can keep Howe for the third season for $2.3 million or buy out the left-hander for $200,000.
What's this folder called "Taxes?"
"The 298-seat, three-story-high theater is an architectural gem," said a spokeswoman for the college, Joan Antell.
"If you consider taking the money to buy that Corvette or take that vacation," he said, "this will force you to realize you are losing 20 percent right off the bat unless you roll it over."
Sunday tickets, $15 all ages.
Yesterday's flurry of mega-deals sent a talented but aging Paul Coffey to the desperate and passe Los Angeles Kings, improved the current Pittsburgh Penguins and may help the future Philadelphia Flyers.
Without investor confidence, "all the rhetoric in the world will not accomplish the goals and priorities of elected officials," Mr. Larkin of Standard & Poor's warned.
"It was a showing-no-remorse type of thing," the official associated with the Yankees, said.
Only once in their long and patient history have the Giants ever changed coaches in midseason.
"Bush Is Asking Allies to Support Air Action to Protect Iraqi Shiites," your Aug. 17 front page tells us.
"Oh, we went all the time," Mrs. Emory said.
It means a lot to me because I've learned my craft of making films by watching Hollywood films of the 30's, 40's and 50's.
said Pat Riley, who would not have needed the mousse in a hot, sweaty, 74-foul-shot, 2-hour-20-minute game such as this, after his Knicks outslugged and slogged the Nets by 108-94 at Byrne Meadowlands Arena.
Bones and skulls, riddled with bullet holes, were in some cases wrapped in the silk robes worn by Ethiopian aristocrats.
Most hotels allow children under 12 to stay free in parents' room.
It's a disservice to assess these six designs solely on the basis of their visual images.
With each query comes new information, Senator Boren said, which leads him to believe that the agency may still be withholding even more.
"We're getting this terrible knock these days that we've become responsible," he said half-seriously, but he admitted that there might be something to the charge of mellowing: "I don't think we do anywhere near the name-calling we used to.
Some believe that telomere degradation is no more responsible for the aging of the cell than graying hair is for the aging of an entire human, and they await evidence to the contrary.
To the Editor: The Rev.
Nightingale units killed thousands of Jews and families suspected of aiding Red Army partisans.
Mr. Gallagher was born in Manhattan in 1918.
There is talk about wrapping the unconscious son in a rug and putting him aboard the Smith family's 44-foot yacht for a voyage to a place where "bribery is king" and where the deprogramming would be tried.
They also sold Iraq gas centrifuges, which are used to make fissionable material for nuclear weapons.
Mr. D'Amato listed air travel in October between Teterboro, N.J., Rochester and Newark that was paid by the Kuwaiti Government.
Spain and Spanish America have never fooled themselves on this account.
"It's a positive and reinforcing distraction for the 'yes' side."
Returning to Santa Monica in 1981, Mr. White was chairman and chief executive of a software-development company, the Interactive Systems Corporation, until Kodak acquired the company in 1988.
A 14-yarder with 10 minutes left started San Francisco's comeback from a 20-7 deficit entering the fourth quarter.
"It's always a risk," she said matter-of-factly.
However, some computer makers are beginning to explore options, with black or charcoal as the most popular alternatives.
The rise took place when temperatures were only about 2 degrees Fahrenheit warmer (less than values forecast for the next generation).
HBO sees that as a risky strategy given the coming possibilities of movies on demand when cable systems expand to 150 and more channels.
Singing "Bird Alone," "I'm in Love" and "When I'm Called Home," and backed by Mr. Tabackin on tenor saxophone, she turned the pieces into dramatic monologues.
He said that Ms. Mullins "happened to be in Miss Tutwiler's office" when Miss Tutwiler's secretary announced the call.
Israel said today that it would seal off Gaza for three days.
The Department of Energy has signed contracts to begin accepting wastes for disposal in 1998, but needs interim storage since it has no permanent solution.
Motorola says it plans to spend $30 million in the next five years just to bring many of its workers up to those basic levels.
In 1970 he joined the Duke University Medical Center, where he organized the medical school's occupational medicine program.
Other Fidelity funds have the potential to surpass Magellan, Mr. Rekenthaler said, among them the Low-Priced Stock, Stock Selector and Over-the-Counter funds.
They call him a "mudder" now, a guy who runs on wet surfaces as well as he does on dry ones.
"I spent two weeks calling everyone I knew -- family, friends, nieces, nephews and neighbors -- but they don't have a lot so I could only get $1,000."
The problem was that Mr. Tomes was also arguably Jersey's most popular public figure.
Peter Solomon, a former Lehman Brothers board member, agreed that American Express's need for cash made a sale "very logical."
WHEN tomatoes are ripe and local -- mostly from my garden -- I press my microwave oven into service in putting up sauce for the cardboard-tomato winter ahead.
"No flash," said one of the Seals, apparently worried about night blindness, after the photographer took a picture.
Within the Commonwealth of Independent States, Mr. Starikov can sell the steel at only 9,000 rubles a ton, or $90, less than half the world price.
"It's a lot better today.
"It's so physical in there, and he can't rip through people and get to the basket the way he normally does.
The younger Mr. Brown, who has publicly criticized his father over the years, returned the favor, paying him tribute for leading in 1958 "the greatest political victory in this century for the Democratic Party."
But by the end of the week, only a small contingent had gathered at a roadblock leading to Mr. Weaver's house.
The news came as little surprise, since Orion has filed for bankruptcy and is also in negotiations for a possible sale.
Just as Ms. Turlington was running the risk of getting an I've-had-enough-of-this face, a handsome young man with hair as dark as an oil slick took her by the shoulder, leaned into her ear and told her it was time to go to dinner.
Within two years she had married Michael Henry, who had a football scholarship, and had become pregnant with her daughter, Tracy.
Mr. Cuomo said this afternoon that he was confident that the money could be found to make the school-aid reduction unnecessary.
New housing chief takes the offensive.
Remembering Will Rogers Mr. Clinton said he was "encouraged" by Mr. Jackson's words, but he indicated that the two men had not put all their differences behind them.
At the same time, Japanese companies are brushing up on digital television, if only to be able to make television sets and other equipment for the American market.
Or, as Bush supporters might put it, their man has never lost a presidential election following an American League All-Star victory.
"My controlling Awacs did not see him."
A partial review of the cases, he said, indicated that 15 to 18 percent of those arrested were convicted felons on parole or probation.
For more than a decade, this son of a Chevrolet dealer from Sibley, Iowa, has been one of the most vocal critics of the nation's largest municipal budget.
A CRUSHING DISAPPOINTMENT The Senate primary, one of the most visible races in this political year, turned into a crushing disappointment for the feminist movement, leaving bitter divisions and questions about the damage to the political careers of two feminist heroines, Geraldine A. Ferraro and Elizabeth Holtzman.
Their mower pickup broom is a riding lawn mower with an attached nylon rotating broom that scoops up mowed grass and other lawn debris and flips it into a grass catcher attached to the back of the machine.
Ms. Peterson says she will push the I.R.S.
"We thought we'd make the dramatization a year or two after that," he said.
"It's healthier for the land, healthier for the animals, healthy for people," he says.
China and Russia set up ties at the ambassadorial level on Dec. 27.
She is a daughter of Dr. and Mrs. Stuart Chetlin of Pittsburgh.
Add zucchini and toss with fork in egg mixture.
Otis Nixon and Terry Pendleton, who reminded the team in a meeting before the game that teams have come back from a 3-1 Series deficit, each rapped a pair of key hits among the nine Morris gave up in four and two-thirds innings.
"It is our general view that they do not work in these cases," said Howard E. Heiss, chief of the organized crime unit in the office of the United States Attorney for the Southern District of New York.
"He told me that the first half of the show was better than the second, and there would be hot dogs and beer at intermission, but if I ate the hot dogs and drank the beer, I had to stay."
"It sure feels good to be unimpeached," he said.
Dow Chemical's chairman and chief executive, Frank P. Popoff, who succeeded Paul F. Oreffice last week, on Friday named William S. Stavropoulos president and chief operating officer, effective April 1.
"A few years ago Jerry Brown said the real solution to racial problems was for the white boys to teach black boys how to read and for black boys to teach white boys how to fight.
But in advance of Mr. Yeltsin's visit, Washington seems bored and distracted.
One guest who saw this said impatiently to the parker who spent a moment too long deciphering his ticket, "You remember, the Maserati.")
"The guys who are starting I respect a lot, but it's competition.
*Rates on most adjustable mortgages are set 1 to 3 percentage points above these indexes.
They were a study in contrasts back in 1973.
Three Somalis were arrested by marines who said the men had shot at them.
"If it's 10 degrees out here, it's 15 in there, but there's no frost, no wind."
Then he presented his plans to a top policy-making committee of the I.M.F.
In the day match, Graf and Capriati each had one ace, but Graf made only 12 unforced errors compared with Capriati's 24.
Or somehow show that they are clearing the matter up."
So magazine readers have been finding an ad that presents the snack bars from both sides, right-side up and upside down.
The spokesman, Sayed Dalili, also said the Sunni Muslim Ittehad-i-Islami faction was fighting the Shiite Muslim Hezb-i-Wahdat group west of of the capital.
They work with the kids on creative movement, songs and plays, but they don't force anyone to perform.
Randolph signed a one-year contract worth $850,000 with New York this season, but only after a long in-house debate over the wisdom of signing someone of his age.
Mr. Stone apparently did not share the document with the other defense lawyers before returning it.
He prefers olive oil, she insists on corn.
First he is commissioned to paint a nude portrait of Eva Braun, a comically wretched work of kitsch that shows her standing stiffly outdoors with snow-capped mountains in the background.
Most of the plants have what are called perfect flowers, that is, male and female parts in the same flower.
Viruses for vaccines are currently grown in tissues taken from newly killed animals.
Its Banyu unit is No.
"He's played better in the exhibition games than his moments in camp during drills," said Brooks, now the Devils' head coach.
Officer Seatkowski of the South Amboy police said tornadolike winds hit that town about 5:35 P.M., destroying the frame of a firehouse under construction, ripping at least part of the roof off of St. Mary's High School, toppling trees and tearing down power lines.
But don't count on getting anywhere in a hurry.
Monsanto and Ralston Purina, for example, have recently ended joint ventures and have taken control of their businesses in Japan.
The calibration of the timing system for the first quarter-mile could have been out of sync, or there is a remote possibility of human error with the timing system."
The love story, set in Belfast, Northern Ireland, is to open at the John Houseman Theater on Sept. 24 starring Milo O'Shea, Frances Sternhagen and Mia Dillon.
He wound up with 57 percent of the vote, to Mr. Tsongas's 24 percent, and, having won there, traveled to 21 cities across the South in the six days before Super Tuesday.
San Diego scooped up two fumbles, including one in the end zone, and picked off a pass and showed other fancy fingerwork in the victory over Los Angeles.
About 35 people were waiting.
Analysts estimate that at a level of about 20,500 on the Nikkei, most of the City banks, Japan's largest financial institutions, would rest just at the required capital level of 8 percent of their assets.
In between signing "Best Wishes, Ivana" and dazzling spectators with her pearl-and-diamond earrings, diamond-encrusted watch and multicarated "friendship ring," Mrs. Trump said she saw nothing unusual about her appearance in a discount store.
Thus the rebirth of Creepy Crawlers, the rubbery bugs made by pouring Plasti Goop into a mold, and the larger, 12-inch models of G.I.
Clinton and Jackson both emphasize jobs, opportunity and education.
"Nothing else in school is as important as football?"
"What would happen if another car came along?"
Mario's, 2342 Arthur Avenue, and Amici's, 566 East 187th Street, are more formal, while favorites like Dominick's, 2335 Arthur Avenue, or Tony and Roberto's, 632 East 186th Street, are more relaxed (and sometimes have lines of hungry patrons spilling onto the sidewalk).
After Judge Hastings was acquitted, a panel of judges conducted its own investigation and recommended that he be impeached and removed from office.
His father is a retired chemical engineer.
The vote would ordinarily indicate more than enough support to provide the two-thirds margin needed to override a veto.
The question now is whether it is an accomplishment substantial enough to get the principals to the bargaining table during the off-season.
With reservoir levels sharply below normal, New York City officials said yesterday that they were on the verge of declaring the first phase of a drought emergency that would activate strict restrictions on water use.
Nissan, while not cutting back on the number of models, is cutting the number of variations of each model.
Because of an editing error, the article also referred incorrectly to the cases of aviators who disappeared in the Vietnam War.
"That's not for me to say," said Jordan.
Every day thousands of motorists pass such spots of green tidiness.
And a downtown hotel project, by a group from Hong Kong, is now under city review.
The screech of farm machinery almost drowned out our landlord as he let us into the dingy front hall.
Lenin's grandfather, Israel Blank, was born about 1804 in Staro-Konstantynov, Ukraine, to Moshke (son of Isaac) Blank, a Jewish businessman, and his wife, Miriam.
She had been reminded of her own precarious financial situation by the morning news, which was full of talk about how nearly 75 percent of the representatives in Congress had overdrawn checks in the House bank.
She has succeeded in persuading buyers to appreciate a different and creative look in silver rather than accepting gold as the conventional symbol of wealth and elegance.
But officials there have now deemed him too dangerous and asked that he be transferred.
In fact, this creation of Keith McNally (the Odeon, Cafe Luxembourg and Nell's) and four partners is in the former La Gamelle, a bohemian hangout that had the mistiming of being a rough-and-tumble bistro before rough-and-tumble bistros became the rage.
Second place has motivation of its own, paying $300,000 in this, the richest golf tournament in history.
7 Religion notes: Advice from Tom Landry on keeping the pews full.
In September he is to become an associate at the Chicago law firm of Chapman & Cutler.
Mr. and Mrs. Steven Baruch of New York have announced the engagement of their daughter, Elise Baruch, to John Trainor, a son of Charles J. Trainor of West Orange, N.J., and Karen Hughes of Montclair, N.J. An October wedding is planned.
Others with reported ties to B.C.C.I.
The Economy Customs duties on imports from China of up to 100 percent on $3.9 billion worth of goods were threatened by the Bush Administration unless China opened its markets to American goods.
It initially objected to the venture because the combination would have given the group up to 58 percent of the community's diaper market.
Sometimes the inspectors would hold out fingers indicating how much they wanted.
Wry fiction about a feminist new-age utopia.
Like her parents, she loves to read, and she participates in student activities like volleyball, softball and student government, where she is class representative.
The man is said to be between 5 feet 6 inches and 5 feet 11 inches, thin and clean shaven with short hair.
"But she and my stepfather do know I love them and that nothing can threaten that.
Should you visit Industry Bay -- which you probably will because you've been told that its remote beauty makes you feel as though you're at the end of the earth -- branches will snap against your windshield and pebbles pelt the underside of your car.
"I think he came out and did one hell of a job as far as holding his own, even though he had a little bit of a limp," Bailey said of Smith's performance against Denver.
Well, said Mrs. Marston, who was born liberated, this super-hero had better be a woman.
The six were placed on Level 1 probation for a year, requiring them to participate in forums on racism, sexism and harassment.
He has a suit deal.
The dollar rose in uneventful trading on world foreign exchange markets yesterday, benefiting from declines in other currencies.
"Simon complained that when he stood the room was revolving around him," said Homanski.
But then again, he said, "there are a lot of guys that are still left over that see this as a dating service."
Dozens grew to three feet high, and then, always at some moment I was never there (Rosemary thinks it's at night), the heads would rise and open -- into beautiful saucer-shaped flowers with tissue-papery petals of lavender and deep wine.
There's always a sporting event going on."
"You can't expect a brand new teacher out of college to do as good a job as more experienced teachers," he said.
Mr. Clinton's candidates, a veritable who's who of New York Democrats, include Carol Bellamy, the former City Council president; Sandra Feldman, head of the United Federation of Teachers in New York City, and Representative Gary L. Ackerman of Queens.
Mayor Sharpe James was in Aruba traveling with his civic association, his press secretary, Pamela Goldstein, said today, and he could not be reached for comment.
The returns showed that the Clintons have investments in at least three mutual funds, including a municipal bond fund and a Treasury bond fund managed by Fidelity Investments and a fund investing in foreign debt securities managed by G.T.
There is no fear that the onions will scorch, and the cooking requires very little attention.
In another effort to revive Winston cigarettes, the R. J. Reynolds Tobacco Company plans an ambitious introduction of a different version of its flagship brand that would be more like Marlboro, which overtook Winston in the 1970's to become America's best-selling cigarette.
The figure is based on a survey in which 184 cities were asked how much of an increase they could spend on specific proposals within a year.
Wallace J. Majure 2d, answered.
The transportation safety board, the General Accounting Office and the House Subcommittee on Government Operations and Transportation have all criticized the railroads and their Federal regulators in the last few years, saying they have not done enough to insure the safety of the estimated 1.5 million carloads of hazardous materials that move by rail each year.
While the primary incentive for agencies to use the devices is to relieve overcrowding, many encounter unforeseen problems, said Joan Petersilia, director of the Rand Corporation's criminal justice program.
Growth might prove so strong that tax revenues will rise enough to offset the cost of a $40-billion public works plan, so the deficit would hardly rise.
Mr. Wilson, who was born in nearby Waco, is one of those artists, committed to staging something at the Alley every other season.
Inaction on carbon dioxide costs us billions of dollars a year.
This film has no rating.
reports that version 2.0 was tested at 30,000 sites, yielding a high confidence in the reliability of the new system.
Without an agreement that the banks will not seize collateral, the debt restructuring process can become more difficult for Olympia because disgruntled lenders can use the threat of foreclosure as leverage in the talks.
Some of the buttons, one customer complained, dangled "like drop earrings."
And many nominators, former and current, complain that their most interesting talent finds rarely win awards.
The board can enact the proposed rules without legislative approval.
She was a nice little girl.
While that may happen, the bulk of the anger here does not now appear to be directed against the government.
That's exactly what happened during the years of strategic tilt toward Iraq, and it could happen again with this new wink at Iran.
Typically, Carter played a key role.
The trend is not likely to be reversed, he said, adding that he was not sure it should be.
He left that position in 1978 and served as acting director of Roosevelt's Department of Medicine until he retired in 1981.
Hours: Today and tomorrow, 10 A.M. to 6 P.M. Free.
Weimar is now so pretty that one critic recently warned it is in danger of becoming "a Disneyland for German teachers."
"Freedom of Speech is too important to be so easily and cavalierly silenced," he wrote, adding that Chief Justice Wilentz had egregiously trammelled a fundamental bulwark against the spread of governmental despotism."
The intensified shelling today followed a pattern that has often seemed capricious.
Morgan Stanley is offering to pay employees part of their annual bonus in 1992 instead of next year as part of a change in the firm's fiscal year.
Under this requirement, Mr. Clinton has only to disclose that the Rose law firm is generally a source of income for his wife.
(AP) Blues 2, Maple Leafs 2: Brett Hull, in a scoring slump most of the season, scored with 15 seconds left in regulation time to give St. Louis a tie at Toronto.
He was able to return to baseball, he said, for only one reason: "I finally said I don't want to die.
But it was tagged $2,000, so she passed.
"Nick and Steve had different instincts and things were constantly slowed because of that.
Walk has been working out of the bullpen since he was reinstated on June 19.
Not too mature, not too cumbersome, not too old-fashioned.
That is made clear in the exhibition called "Rendezvous in Dieppe: The Town and its Artists From Turner to Braque" that can be seen at the Brighton Museum and Art Gallery through June 30.
officials and experts said then that the companies' data did not demonstrate that the implants were safe.
E. L. Doctorow, the author, would have gone one step further had he succeeded in his bid to run as a delegate for an official "None of the Above" slate.
Wheat futures prices sank yesterday to their lowest level of the year on the Chicago Board of Trade, ending a week of volatile trading dominated by worries about the weather and the winter wheat crop.
Although he said he had had some initial concerns about low-cost housing, "Halpern assured us it would not be the case."
Dean Witter lowered its rating and earnings estimates and Oppenheimer cut estimates.
"There are two ways of looking at it," Mr. Selin said.
At malls everywhere, perception is as important as fact.
There also is a filing fee of five cents for each signature.
"You have to target your area," Mr. Conley said.
The company's move highlights the continuing loss of high-wage manufacturing jobs to countries where labor costs are significantly lower.
(AP) HORSE RACING Who Else in Rain but Argyle Lake?
"Look, some people want to sit around and blame each other for our problems," he said in one.
From 1964 to 1971 he was married to Nancy Robinson, a member of the company.
As the mad doctor removes a bullet from his own stomach, he chortles, "Physician, heal thyself."
"We want to get to the guts of it."
In Mount Vernon -- where there were no layoffs but the city did not fill 25 positions that were lost through attrition -- Mayor Blackwood also warned that his city "was standing on the brink of very serious trouble."
The bed is covered with a pale baby-blue mosquito net; the form of a reclining figure is traced in sequins on the spread, the edge of which is sewn with a ruffle of dozens of empty brown plastic medicine vials.
"That's not going to happen."
He graduated from New York University.
"Most catalogues state approximately when the bulbs will flower," she said.
Donald J. Harrington, president of the university, gave the keynote address at all ceremonies for the 122d commencement exercises.
The city decided to introduce the chemical after a survey earlier this year found that drinking water in 41 of 107 older buildings did not meet the new standard of 15 parts per billion set by the Federal Environmental Protection Agency.
Delivering an annual speech commemorating the start of the Cuban revolution, Mr. Castro instead described the suspended project as a casualty of the demise of the former Soviet bloc.
They said they reviewed the records only by account number and did not know the names of the 24 members who overdrew their accounts beyond their next month's salaries in at least eight months of the 39 audited.
To aid in the crackdown, Newark officers will walk beats along the city's borders with officers of the adjoining communities, Irvington, East Orange and Elizabeth.
Pittsburgh's Phil Bourque scored on the power play with a wraparound stuff to cut it to 3-1 late in the first period.
The attraction of Mongolia to the Ringling show is that the country "is strange and remote, and there are not too many places left these days that are mysterious and different," Mr. Feld said.
The company is headed by Robert Rubin, who is a leading fund-raiser for Mr. Clinton and is often mentioned for a prominent position in a Clinton Administration.
"I think Bill was very much interested in expanding his base nationally, and the D.L.C.
For this director, " 'Tis Pity She's a Whore" begins with its famously incestuous love affair between Giovanni and his sister, Annabella -- a hot couple indeed in the form of Mr. Kilmer and Ms. Tripplehorn -- but hardly ends there.
At home now, Cordero sat in a chair in the recreation room beside a large picture window that let in the gray light from the winter's day.
This morning, he was the former White House chief of staff turned lobbyist, praising President Bush and bashing Gov.
Sinan was born to Armenian parents in the village of Aghrnas in the province of Kayseri (Caesaria of Roman times).
As the New York City Ballet enters its 10th year since George Balanchine's death, a new imprint is apparent -- that of its current artistic director, Peter Martins.
Mr. Clinton said last Friday that he "never said that we shouldn't be flexible" in finding ways to increase fuel efficiency.
The awards to the remaining 8,549 plaintiffs would be decided at minitrials that would group 10 to 20 cases at a time.
A Struggle Mr. Bailey said his investigation showed that Officer Proulx fired two shots, one during the chase when Mr. Reyes allegedly threw a rock at him.
They may learn to change ways they respond to their child that encourage the problem.
These meticulously crafted performance pieces belong in a category all their own.
When I went to college, I let my hair grow long.
In exchange, the fleets' owners would contract to buy natural gas from Mesa at a price equal to what gasoline would have cost -- about twice the price of natural gas.
If Mr. Quadrozzi is convicted, it could have profound effects on the concrete industry in New York City.
Vulnerability Cited "It just seemed easier to write about music because it was too difficult to juggle all the potential problems and come-ons that you get," said Mr. Cocks.
The public debate brought about numerous revisions since the project was first proposed in August 1988.
It looks, as "Watershed" does to a lesser degree, as if it had been completely thought out before the choreographer set foot in the studio.
Germany and Japan, by virtue of their economic muscle, will gradually come to play greater military roles.
was trying to "whipsaw" plants -- that is, to pit one against another, threatening to close factories that do not lower their costs enough.
fights to preserve the shards of the city of Pontus against a Roman assault.
NBC plans to have Mr. Leno come on the air near the end of each game and talk about that night's show, and the games will figure in his opening monologues.
is a tangled history of music-business chicanery, legal maneuvering and festering resentment, not to mention an earlier courtroom battle over which of Frankie Lymon's three wives was entitled to what was then deemed to be his share of the royalties.
Moreover, the changes, which include new rules for exports and imports, a bankruptcy law and a privatization program, do not alter the fact that the crucial first stage of the reforms -- stabilizing the economy -- has not yet been accomplished.
Production increased by 2.6 percent, but revenues fell because of an 11.1 percent decline in shipments and a 4.1 percent decline in prices, the company said.
None of this is allowed to upstage the film's ensemble spirit.
For one thing, it has a foot and an ankle in the Baroque: nominally a violin sonata, it includes a cello part to support the bass.
"People in the private sector have always exercised intellectual-property rights," she said.
At the New York City Opera, during "Die Soldaten," the supertitles did not identify which of the extravagantly perverse characters was speaking.
Health and Human Services Secretary Louis W. Sullivan, former president of the Morehouse School of Medicine here, said that blacks did not march for civil rights only to be enslaved by drugs or riddled with black-on-black crime.
"It was the closeness with nature," he says.
02115, (617) 262-3100, represents more than 300 apartments.
Xanadu, a Manhattan-based development concern that has financial support from developers in Hawaii and Japan, has tried unsuccessfully for nearly a decade to win approval for its efforts to build the residential project, the largest and most expensive ever proposed for Westchester's Long Island Sound Shore.
But the novel as a whole is shapely and integrated.
Its newest recruit is Derek Burney, Canada's Ambassador to Washington since 1988, who is to become executive vice president of international affairs.
Escalating his conflict with Gov.
In the surgery, Dr. James Parkes repaired a partial tear of the rotator cuff and a small tear in the cartilage in the shoulder.
Coach Herb Brooks used Richer, a talented and flamboyant right wing, after benching him for one game, on Wednesday.
Robert M. Gates, Director of Central Intelligence, told Congress this year that North Korea could be a few months to a few years away from producing its first bomb.
And then what will we have gained: a park 30 feet above the river, the waterfront connection foreclosed; constricted park entrances, north and south, through tunnels under the highway; two and a half park acres beyond the seawall, inaccessible and unusable?
He narrowly made a deadline set by unions that had threatened to resume a nationwide strike.
The erosion in public support for the plan added to already heightened fears in the markets that interest rates would have to rise in Britain, Italy and perhaps France.
And at the New School, in New York, he taught classes on mushroom identification, another of his lifelong interests.
"You've got to love him.
What happens if too much electricity is generated?
A Routine Response This was as close as the White House and the Bush campaign came to comment on the extraordinary nature of an episode in which an executive branch agency was investigating the campaign organization of a sitting President.
Helping Former Prisoners April 28 -- The 148-year-old Women's Prison Association and Home seeks to help women recently released from prison to become self-sufficient and re-enter society.
No doubt, it is in their Super Bowl game plan.
When it was created by Yugoslav Communists at the end of the Second World War, it was always mentioned in the plural, as "these Bosnia and Herzegovina."
What they got was lawyer-like amendments that complicated the process."
One sister gives herself more easily than the other, but with no happier result in a story told "with such beautiful, charming and comic discretion it isn't until the end that one realizes it is also immensely sad and even brutal" (Vincent Canby).
KENNETH C. CRADDOCK New York, May 15 The writer is a researcher at the Deming Center for Quality Management at Columbia Business School.
The tour, open to the public, will visit 11 artists and their studios to see their works in progress.
The Maxwell Davies piece invites leeway and encourages excess.
Information: Familyhostel, University of New Hampshire, 6 Garrison Avenue, Durham, N.H. 03824; (800) 733-9753
One, the A Train, services the radar and the high-tech communications equipment.
Actually, he bought three plain navy blue sleeping bags, one for himself, and two for his design assistants, Chris Ann Phelan and Oi Brutranon, who are working around the clock with him.
They were of a piece, however, with the energy, resolution and shifts of chance that have now brought her to America and to the lead role in Ron Howard's "Far and Away."
Even more impressive, he said, is Mr. Reed's recent purchase of $2.5 million worth of Citicorp stock with his own money, an investment that is so far under water it won't do well unless Mr. Reed performs mightily.
There is also speculation that Israel is still intent on moving the talks to the Mideast before serious tradeoffs begin, if they do.
But Mr. Greenberg allowed that he might have said a representational image seemed out of place in an abstract context.
The elder Lapchick coached four N.I.T.
He asked the company he works for, the Carrier Corporation, to allot him time to train for another chance at Olympic gold.
He was often mocked and humiliated, and his early encounters with women were disastrous.
"I remained in voice," she said, "though I felt miserable."
Her mother, Marcia Fox, now retired, was the assistant manager of Five Star Travel in Matawan, N.J. Dr. Eden, 29, graduated from the University of California at Davis, from which he received a veterinary degree.
And that is why he said he bowed out today: He was confident about his showing on home turf in the Connecticut primary next week, but feared that if he were trounced in New York, he would lose his credibility and his remedies for the nation would sink with him.
"We don't want a slice of the American pie anymore.
"I hate to put too much emphasis on it, but I'd be lying if I said it wasn't important to me," Cone said.
But with limited political support -- some Soweto residents say it is no more than 2 or 3 percent -- the Pan Africanist leaders feel they might be left out of the dealing for a new South Africa.
Using those projections, the Clinton team could contend that the deficit would fall by half without imposing much pain on the middle class.
Transworld Home Healthcare Inc., Hawthorne, N.Y., 1.6 million units (each consisting of 1 common share and 1 redeemable warrant).
In the nation's first civil trial over the long-reported adverse side effects of the sleeping pill Halcion, a Dallas County jury decided today that the drug had been partly responsible for a man's becoming a murderer.
Outlays by the Federal Government were equivalent to 23.6 percent of the gross domestic product in the last fiscal year, the highest proportion since 1985.
A12 IRAQI KURDS CLAIM A VICTORY Iraqi Kurds said they took the main base of separatist Turkish Kurds in northern Iraq.
Over the years, the public school has loomed large in the British consciousness, partly as a result of a succession of popular books and stories set in boarding schools, and described recently by The Times of London as a kind of "unique English Bildungsroman" that helped inculcate among its young readers a shared set of distinctly English values.
The gaunt figure who fascinated the world when he crushed the Russian Boris Spassky in 1972 to become the first American world chess champion was gone, replaced by a heavyset fellow with a beard.
They are tired, they say, of being condemned by people who do not have to make split-second judgments on when to use force, who do not spend their nights cruising through the detritus of urban America, whose adrenaline does not race to the radio call of 10-13, officer in trouble.
The conductor had spent six hours a day in the basement of his house near Salzburg, working in a state-of-the-art studio on video versions of the mainstream repertory.
A detective and a defense lawyer clashed today at the Glen Ridge sex assault trial after the detective used the words "rape victim" to describe the mildly retarded woman who prosecutors say was assaulted.
"When players are coming in here complaining every day it's hard on the team.
In all, almost 20,000 overdrafts were written, including some for well over $1,000.
"I put it like this," she said, shrugging as she adjusted the flow of warm water.
"The result is that one -- but only one -- level of tax would be collected on capital income earned by businesses," the study said.
As for the player itself, the only model currently on the American market is the Philips CDI910.
This game is supposed to be fun, and now it is again."
But the roles they play in America's multibillion-dollar sports industry -- for instance, deciding the volume and content of sports programming -- make them intrinsically important to the process.
Mr. Green ordered the auctioneers to appear before the Consumer Affairs Department to answer the charges and said they faced possible fines "of up to $500 per violation and license suspension or revocation."
"Because the Chinese here, especially the immigrants from the villages, have very little education, they do not know how to fight back," she said.
With a .44 coefficient of drag, the Grand Cherokee still can't be called a paragon of streamlining, and a Jeep still seems to me to be pretty much a Jeep.
Jay Acton and his business buddies who have spent $100,000 converting a vacant city-owned block into what they see as fields of dreams, are serious about turning Manhattan into a proving ground for baseball talent.
Donald Banner, former Commissioner of Patents, referred to the previous inconsistent treatment of patents before the establishment of the court as a "cruel hoax" against the inventor.
Up to 1.5 million Americans would qualify for such help, said Mr. Bradley.
So Cambridge Members bought the building to put its store in 10,000 square feet of the basement, ground floor and mezzanine of 1270 Broadway.
Jewelry, cruises, stays in European hotels, opera tickets and hair styling, among other items, will be sold to the highest bidders at the law firm of Shearman & Sterling, Lexington Avenue and 53d Street, at 6 P.M. Tickets, $50, from (212) 535-5530.
It also provides for the Governor to determine the state's revenue and submit a budget plan.
"By the time they got through, they had closed regions all over the country and it was impossible to move around," he said.
My mother worked very hard providing us with food and a home, with little help from her former husband, family, society or the Government.
The concept became a reality with the purchase by Mr. Murdoch of Metromedia's five independent television stations for $2 billion in 1986, providing Fox with a distribution base in major markets.
And now soldiers have begun killing soldiers in what many fear is the beginning of the unraveling of Haiti's 7,000-member military.
It says several factors "raise concern that a large earthquake might soon occur in Southern California."
The loans would be extended to government banks and other lending institutions, they said, and then disbursed at commercial rates to small businesses.
Prince was also cited for her work in the musical "Nick and Nora."
Judge Burton R. Lifland extended Macy's right to terminate the leases until the retailer emerged from the court's protection under Chapter 11 of the Federal Bankruptcy Code.
The rules clearly state the filing time begins at 9.
A 'This Europe Is for the Rich' Among its residents who can vote next Sunday, however, yes posters proclaiming that "Europe is Prosperity" bring cynical laughs.
The fund is now conducting its 81st appeal at a time when charities across New York City must meet growing responsibilities.
The primary contest has produced few policy differences between Mr. Edwards and his two principal opponents, Bill Price, a former Federal prosecutor, and State Representative Ernest Istook; all three are staunch conservatives who want to slash taxes.
Fashion is a relatively safe way of rebelling.
National Resort and Spa opened in 1980 and is still building homes for $134,900 to over $700,000.
But in 1947 the Hartford Machine Screw Company was adjusting to the slowdown in military contracts after the war and began making diesel-fuel injection pumps for cars and trucks.
Given that there are more women than men writing to the Governor, maybe he sees her plea as more important.
So now that I am, I felt like Joan Crawford, not being with Vanessa on her second birthday last week.
James R. Bianchi gives an intelligent and measured reading of Prospero.
The most that can be said for Mr. Levine's score is that it has several pretty tunes, but in harness with Mr. Kellogg's lyrics they often seem like numbers from a "Forbidden Sondheim," as in the opening song, "On a Train," which enumerates the travails of train travel ("struggling with the luggage, rattling the teacups").
Miguel Pittman, the owner of Sandra's Soul Food restaurant on Congress Avenue, said his evening business had dropped substantially over the past two years because his local patrons are afraid of going out at night.
The promotion of Brian Mahoney to head basketball coach at St. John's could take place as early as tomorrow.
In time, junior civil servants also came, along with politicians, but they never dominated the seminar.
Ms. Kline, who incorporates the shredded bills into the material she uses in her art, actually needed only 20 pounds or so.
These are the other winners: The Odyssey Project, Gaston County School System, Gaston County, N.C.; The Bensenville Community Design Team, Bensenville, Ill.; Community Learning Centers, Minneapolis and other Minnesota districts; The Co-NECT School, Cambridge, Boston and Worcester, Mass.
He is the son of Glen Ridge's chief of detectives, who led the initial investigation.
It was the first thing that came into my mind.
), a field of peas.
Instead, units of the Croatian Army have taken control of wide areas of Bosnia where there are substantial Croatian populations and set up governmental institutions that are effectively adjuncts of the Government in Zagreb.
The New Haven-based Connecticut Chamber Orchestra pays free Sunday visits to three other communities, starting this afternoon at 2 when the group's music director, Sayard Stone, leads the ensemble at the Woodbridge Town Library.
"It's kind of like reinventing the automobile," said Thomas Uhlmann, a commercial grain broker with Goldenberg & Hehmeyer.
The Tigers' best run cut the gap to 15, but Duke answered with 10 straight points.
Roper ran for 109 yards and passed for another 63 to lead the Cadets to a 21-14 victory over the Huskies.
That turn-around time was relatively fast.
A potential fourth contender, former Representative Herman Badillo of the Bronx, who has said he will make up his mind by the end of February, is a wild card who might draw support from both the Hispanic and Jewish voters whose loyalties are pivotal in a Democratic primary.
While most papillae house only two to five taste buds, others in different parts of the tongue contain up to 250.
Andrea Bradford Stephen Kumalo .
Harrah, 43 years old, is a former Ranger infielder who also played with Cleveland and the Yankees in his 16-year career.
Straining to Connect The Southern politician's search for common ground can sometimes seem very hard.
The Republicans have a 27-to-13 majority in the Senate and a 58-to-22 majority in the Assembly.
And the stricter the guidelines, the greater the chance of driving capable but uncredentialed people from the field.
Under Artillery Fire For months, the Kosevo medical complex, a jumble of buildings on one of the most exposed hillsides in Sarajevo, has worked under artillery fire.
Inside, there was a small, decorated Christmas tree.
Insisting that all Commonwealth members pay their share of the Soviet debt while remaining silent on Russia's seizure of all Soviet assets, which would provide the members the wherewithal to pay, is not evenhandedness.
The department, which has in the past avoided working with other agencies, contacted with the Sheriff's department and the California Highway Patrol, setting off a countywide alert.
In recent years, the magazine's position was further eroded by stiff competition from more flashy and gossipy new publications like Premiere and Movieline, which appeal to a much broader audience.
This was a doubtful decision: Three hearts might well fail and did in the replay.
We're playing on great emotion."
We have a great nucleus of veteran players, and we really don't know how many more opportunities we're going to have.
Mr. and Mrs. John M. Denson of Wilton, Conn., have announced the engagement of their daughter, Jennifer Ann Denson, to Justin Edward Smith 3d, the son of Raye Josephine Cook of Greenwich, Conn. A September wedding is planned.
The Rams, who won a second consecutive Patriot League championship without a strong inside game, ran into problems when Jenkins was charged with his third foul with 5:33 to go in the half.
Among the groups objecting are The American Hospital Association, the Catholic Health Association, the National Association of Public Hospitals and the Federation of American Health Systems, which represents 1,400 hospitals owned by investors.
He hurls his hard, fast metaphors the way Doc used to pitch when he was up for a Cy Young Award, and his nervy characters can talk their way home on a double.
Of the other Democratic contenders, only Edmund G. Brown Jr. appeared to be making much headway.
"For example, Mr. Johnson's 17th-century Dutch pictures can be next to the museum's Dutch works.
There's been a good deal of babbling about the Los Angeles riots.
And how should one feel about political adversaries?
If you go by car, there is a parking lot beneath the office complex and plenty of public lots in the area.
Early next year, Microterra Inc., a Boca Raton, Fla., company plans to open an $8 million plant in Louisiana, part of which will use Dr. Portier's bacterial process under license.
Mr. Moeling said its revenues last year totaled $27 million, with a profit margin exceeding 10 percent.
For five days afterward, the crew found measurable levels of radioactive cesium in seawater samples in the dumping zone, he said, but officials assumed that if other nations detected the radioactivity, they would attribute it to fallout persisting from atmospheric nuclear tests or from other sources.
Yields on one-year bills rose to 3.16 percent as the discount rose 1 basis point, to 3.06 percent.
C1 Got something to hide?
'It's Real Easy to Get Hurt' Coming forward can be painful.
(Titicut, incidentally, is the Indian name for the area around Bridgewater.)
"The market liked the end of the uncertainty," said David Healy, an analyst with S. G. Warburg & Company in New York.
And to be sure, Mr. Clinton has plenty of support, as overall election results prove.
For ABC -- which will follow the Toney-Tiberi fight with Michael Carbajal-Marcos Pacheco on Feb. 15 and Terry Norris-Carl Daniels on Feb. 22 -- the boxing series is a chance to buy solid programming on the cheap.
WHAT: Lipsticks that for health, ecological or philosophical reasons are made without ingredients some users may find offensive.
Jibril Aminu, who is also the oil minister of Nigeria, said he would ask OPEC's 12 members to reduce production by about 6 percent when they meet on Wednesday in Geneva.
Proponents say billing by the bag gives a big boost to recycling, thus reducing garbage costs and the expanding need for landfills and multi-million-dollar incinerators.
A show of selections from the permanent collection scheduled for spring 1993 will also provide an incentive for doing the kind of scholarly documentation that has so far been neglected.
March heating oil was up 0.17 cent, to 55.37 cents a gallon.
The poll indicates that blame for the perceived slowness and inefficiency of the hurricane relief effort has fallen not on Mr. Bush, who made two trips to Dade County after the storm, but on the Federal Emergency Management Agency, whose performance was described as adequate by only 31 percent of Floridians.
"People used to call up my agent and say, 'We have this part we think Faith might be right for.'
"I won't say who talked.
You will need one vertical piece at each end of each frame and at 16-inch intervals between.
Enterprise Oil P.L.C., 6.75 million American depository shares, each representing 3 ordinary shares.
Gaston also grew up as a player in the Braves' organization and began his coaching career in the Braves' minor league system.
Others like Jack-in-the-Box and Fuddruckers have had moderate success.
His father is an account executive with the Yankee Financial Group, a securities brokerage in Stamford, Conn.
When engine speed exceeds 2,500 r.p.m., the secondary intake valve goes to work, and both valves then increase the engine's lung capacity and performance.
If McMillan's accusation is proven true, Tagliabue and Jerry Seeman, director of officiating, will determine a punishment.
It was a sum equal to more than a third of the entire Federal budget, but Secretary Forrestal thought it wasn't enough to combat the Soviet menace.
"Unemployment is a big problem in Ireland.
But this is none too soon for Volodymyr K. Chernyak, economics director of the Duma, or state advisory council, and a member of Rukh's central committee.
"The Tonight Show" is the current apogee of a 10-year cycle of success for Marsalis.
But Mr. Burger said OIS's management had improved and that previously OIS had been "poorly managed, poorly financed and didn't have their technological act together."
The problem, experts say, will likely get worse as long as health care costs remain out of reach for so many.
But when I saw Asia's menu, which embraces the cooking of more than 10 Asian countries, my gastronomic warning lights started flashing.
"I had to watch every step I took.
'I Don't Have Problems Yet' Mohammed A. Islam, a 30-year-old immigrant from Bangladesh, said he drove a taxi for a small fleet for two years.
A10 National A14-21 BLEAK ECONOMIC VIEW President-elect Bill Clinton took a relentlessly negative view of the nation's economy, saying that a focus on the "gravity of the situation" would underlie a forthcoming economic conference.
"We've still got our eyes open," he said in response to a question during a teleconference.
But Mr. Tisch seems to have been willing to buy only on his terms, which would have required Macy's creditors to accept lower interest rates on the debts they held.
"They say they all belong together, with the police and the judge; they say they're the ones doing something about crime, not us."
Marino, the Senate majority leader, gets two such cars, keeping one in Albany and one at home in Oyster Bay.
The survey results, which showed that confidence stood at its lowest level since December 1974, "say that there has been some deterioration in the job market," said Gail Fosler, chief economist at the Conference Board, a private research organization.
C14 Word and Image: "Turtle Moon," a novel by Alice Hoffmann.
Mr. Lomax, a curator at the Library of Congress, heard about a pianist who would regale the customers at a Washington bar called the Jungle Inn with his experiences in New Orleans brothels.
The monsignor, James J. Haggerty, pastor of St. Saviour's Church on Eighth Avenue in Park Slope, was carrying $600 to $700 in cash and almost $50,000 in checks from quarterly tuition payments to the St. Saviour Elementary School when the robbery occurred at 1 P.M. in a Chemical Bank branch on Flatbush Avenue, a block north of the Grand Army Plaza, the police said.
The Chargers beat the Colts for their first shutout in six seasons.
The world owes him as much as his own people.
One day, the two got to chatting in front of the ladies' room mirror (they both still giggle at living a cliche), and Ms. Nelson invited Ms. Tighe to work for her.
I saw him play in the All-Star Game in Florida last February and I saw him play in the Summer Games in Barcelona, and I think he can still play in the league.
He was impressed with her fortitude and obsession to compete.
"It is not possible to legislate leadership, courage and caring -- these are the bottom-line reasons why the deficit problem has not been addressed until now."
"And he's good at it."
The deals were not themselves crimes if properly ordered by the President -- but covering them up was criminal.
"It's a most beautiful thing to see people rise to an occasion and to have the formerly homeless providing shelter to everyone else," said Rabbi Joel Dinnerstein, director of the Abraham Residence, which is operated by the Metropolitan New York Coordinating Council on Jewish Poverty.
New Jersey just passed a measure that will deny extra benefits for women who have more children while on welfare.
The Sheraton Manhattan has a few more frills, including a pool, and a more relaxed atmosphere.
There are still a lot of things that I can achieve."
*3*** COMPANY REPORTS ** View Full Article in Timesmachine »
His father is the president of Crossland Premium Funding, a division of Crossland Savings, in Great Neck, L.I.
The dollar fell against the yen and was narrowly lower against other currencies.
2 leader after Mr. Guzman, Yanila Iparraguirre Revoredo.
" James will lead the Huskies to their third straight Rose Bowl on New Year's Day.
"If there was anything else the league could do, it would," said Upshaw.
*Mr. Perot wants a higher tax on gasoline.
No details of the incident were released.
Sun Television and Appliances, 1.5 million shares.
Meanwhile, rubles printed by other former Soviet republics have been honored as currency in Russia in order to prevent the breakdown of inter-republic trade.
"One of them is intentions are very, very important, but we've got to pay attention to the details in life."
At Goblins Forest and the Boulder Field the sites are free, but a permit is required.
Gieseking, who used the pedals better than anyone, rigidly avoided them in his recordings of the Mozart solo piano music and in a lot of Beethoven as well.
Choose six-inch-thick insulation having a thermal value of R-19.
Jones is now expected to get a world title shot against the World Boxing Council champion, Victor Rabanales, who earlier in the day successfully defended his title when he stopped Joichiro Tatsuyoshi in Osaka, Japan.
Energetic and sleepless, many keep to the 16-hour days established by Chairman Bill, as Mr. Gates is known.
Gary R. Koops, a spokesman for the Republican National Committee, said 3 of the committee's 165 voting members are black.
He has promised to hold stamp prices at their current levels at least through 1994.
He traveled with country-and-western singers, slipped a twang into his voice and substituted pork rinds for popcorn as his favorite snack.
The national mood is recessional in a sense that transcends the pain of the longest economic recession since the Great Depression."
"He said he didn't know why he was being arrested," said Sgt.
"There might be another explosion.
"It's an important channel for the company but it doesn't address the mainline problems Digital is having," he said.
The Saints controlled the ball for 23 minutes 9 seconds.
As Mr. Weinberger's military aide, General Powell had limited involvement in some aspects of the affair.
A4 National A14-22 SENATE ACTS WITH A FLURRY After two years of scandal, confrontation and veto fights, the 102d Congress neared adjournment as the Senate passed major bills dealing with taxes, energy, Western water resources and public health.
Rather than admit to being status seekers, people generally claim that they are changing their ZIP code so that the Fire Department can locate them more readily in an emergency or to insure that their mail will get through or to allow their children to share their classmates' ZIP code.
The 1990 results were reduced by a litigation judgment against Kodak in favor of the Polaroid Corporation.
"We went into the game knowing the T-Wolves were better than their record, yet we let them get back into it," Bowie said.
Both sides negotiated for nearly three hours this morning, and for nearly two hours afterward, Quinn answered questions for the N.F.L.
On the 1990 Super Bowl team, players were allowed to react intuitively, run to where they thought the ball would be and make big plays.
The Westfair Singers are so named because the 17 women in the choir come from either Westchester or Fairfield County.
Daihatsu is among the top six auto makers in Japan.
Measurements show that the two plates are moving at an approximate rate of only 1.4 inches a year along most of the San Andreas.
Robert Berson, a leader of the Ethical Culture Society, performed the ceremony at the Explorers Club.
But somehow, despite her fine reviews for the original show and her work in other plays like "The Sign in Sidney Brustein's Window," also by Ms. Hansberry, stardom eluded the actress.
They live in communities all over Long Island and Queens.
Prices are for each of two people sharing a cabin.
There are 18of these centers set up by states and financed by state and Federal courts.
A New York Times/CBS News poll found that 55 percent of registered voters nationwide said the press went too far in disclosing details of Presidential candidates' private lives, but 50 percent said that nothing reported in the current campaign should not have been reported.
Another View From Wyche Sam Wyche, the Tampa Bay Buccaneers' coach, disagreed.
THE National Pastime, as Major League Baseball likes to call itself, had been a long-standing fraud.
On the two occasions when I was the only snorkeler on board, I swam alone while a crew member kept watch from the boat.
He said that when he had used a videophone and found the image deteriorating, he would put his hand over the screen for an instant and then remove it, and that seemed to clear up the image.
3 3 8 MEXICO, by James A. Michener.
Under the terms of his deal with the Nets, the 6-foot-10-inch Mahorn will receive $500,000 this season.
An American diplomat here said Mr. Turabi's Islamic fundamentalism had emerged since the 1989 coup as anti-democratic, a violator of human rights and a protector of international terrorist groups.
But local officials and military officers in the field here said today that construction had not yet begun on any temporary housing, and that they were still not sure of the best way to provide such housing.
Voting officials here and elsewhere said turnout was low, continuing a pattern set earlier in the political season.
Those attitudes have since been mitigated in many school districts.
"Rates are not a question right now," he said.
The pessimists concede only that recession's long winter may be at an end.
Look at Charles's eyes, man.
"Cops don't have to go to consciousness-raising sessions to learn about money and power in society," he said.
Our taxes paid their salaries.
"It would be nice to have 300 children there."
[ In Washington, a Congressional expert on nuclear energy voiced support for such a plan.
Kosher Sushi Sushiko-Sher, 66 West 38th Street, is a caterer specializing in sushi.
"These aren't the romantic, attention-grabbing projects," Dr. Handsman said.
She said she had been a "closet" collector for 20 years, since she first roamed Manhattan shops in search of dolls.
"I've watched what the others are up to on TV, but I think it all looks like what we know.
"Everybody tends to think of the people who live there as lower-class citizens."
Mrs. Rudin is survived by her sons Jack and Lewis, respectively the chairman and the president of the family business, both residents of Manhattan; five grandchildren, and five great-grandchildren.
Mr. Mayle, the author of "A Year in Provence" and "Toujours Provence," needed no further prodding, as ACQUIRED TASTES (229 pp., Bantam, $20) makes clear.
Rather than calling for massive aid programs akin to the New Deal or Great Society efforts, the Clinton proposals concentrate on setting aside smaller amounts of money for areas like housing and support of local community organizations.
Working against the Olympics would be the existence of other events in which top men represent their countries, like the just-completed Dunhill Cup at St. Andrews in Scotland.
The reported declines in M-2, the aggregate most closely monitored by the Fed, and in M-3 were much larger than expected.
Many leaders in those republics are wary of Islamic fundamentalism.
In 1994, she projects revenues of $78 million and earnings of $1.25 a share.
In recent cultural history, it was known primarily as the hometown of the calculatedly dizzy blonde whom Anita Loos said gentlemen preferred.
The Government's index uses University of Michigan data to assess consumer attitudes, and that series, unlike the Conference Board's, rose in August.
Most of those involved agree: it is one of the highest-stakes games of television poker ever played.
The expert vugraph commentators all disagreed with the committee, and would have permitted the seven spade result to stand.
Justice Blackmun: "I fear for the darkness as four Justices anxiously await the single vote necessary to extinguish the light."
In 1953, Dr. Dorfman helped organize the Academy of Psychosomatic Medicine, and he was editor in chief of its journal for 26 years.
No More Excusing Coslet said the team's performance against New England was a factor, but not the total reason for the changes.
"The simple fact," he added, "is that yields remain depressed because loan demand is extremely weak."
Mr. Kerrey is trying to convert what many poll takers say is an undeveloped foundation of personal popularity into Presidential support.
Colonel Black had his office in one of two single-story wings that flank the main house.
Co-captain Larry Bird said to co-captain Magic Johnson, "You go on."
And even when the grant money runs out, as it did recently, they come around anyway, for the sunshine, the feel of dirt under their fingernails, the company of others who are struggling to stay sober, safe and out of jail.
"People just sit on our sofas and say to themselves: 'Is it comfortable?
"This is adding chaos to confusion," said Steven L. Pastore, executive director of Tele-Consumer Hotline, an information service in Washington that received many complaints about the "800" promotion.
They said the new athletic director may be named by Thanksgiving.
Her mother, Yvonne A. Hughes, is a registered nurse who is currently working at Mount Sinai Hospital in Miami Beach.
When was the last time a play embraced intellectual poles as seemingly antithetical as Judy Garland and Walter Benjamin, Joseph Smith and Mikhail Gorbachev, Emma Goldman and Nancy Reagan?
Gagliano started the opening game this season, but has thrown only 42 passes all year.
The losers in this bitter ideological battle will be the teen-agers who desperately need the best AIDS instruction possible.
Perhaps only the prolific translator Constance Garnett did more than the Modern Library to proclaim Dostoyevsky among American readers.
Laws, state field director for the Adams campaign, said today as employees began dismantling the Senator's campaign headquarters in downtown Seattle.
James Russo Sister Martha .
Mr. Mrazek, who had 920 overdrafts at the House bank, did not seek re-election but instead ran for his party's Senate nomination until the bank scandal erupted, tarring him and ultimately forcing him to abandon his Senate bid.
The Parade of Lights stepping off on Main Street at 11:30 P.M. will proceed to Rogers Park for a midnight fireworks display.
"It was about five or six years ago.
Often faulted for over-emphasizing the health care issue, he said today that voters were beginning to understand that "national health insurance is just a beginning."
Hundreds, if not thousands, of former Japanese soldiers willingly served in the Chinese Communist forces, against both the Japanese Army and, subsequently, the Chinese Nationalist armies of Chiang Kai-shek.
Yet the astronomical prices for art in the 1980's rendered inadequate even the $56 million acquisitions fund that Mr. Brown worked hard to put together.
"Years ago you never worried about sending the kids anywhere," he said.
Gone are the lengthy searches through mounds of paper transcripts or hours of unedited videotape.
"All over, people are separating," declared the engineer, an immigrant from Holland now employed by the white-invented Zulu homeland called KwaZulu.
DR. FOLEY It goes back to the issue of what medicine has done.
They have been involved in a fight over control of the estate.
de 31 Be5 Qe7 32 d6!
"Unless there is hotter than normal weather in key markets this summer, fourth-quarter results are not now expected to bring Fedders to a full-year profit for fiscal 1992," said Sal Giordano Jr., the Fedders chief executive.
Croatians Were There On one side are two rival Croatian militias.
A8 FOUR LITTLE WORDS For Japan and Russia, little stands between a final peace pact on World War II and promises of aid: Shikotan, Kunashiri, Etorofu and Habomai.
We're not saving enough, either in households or in government.
In New York, New Jersey and Connecticut, 33.4 percent of applications from blacks, and 26.9 percent of those from Hispanic residents, were turned down by mortgage lenders, according to a computer analysis by The New York Times.
At Columbia, 30 blocks north, a new batch of students is in class, and Heilbrun's office reassigned.
"If your kid screws up, you're not happy about it, and maybe you scream at him and call him a jerk, but he's still your kid.
Conde Nast, on the other hand, does not offer scent-free versions of its magazines.
The agency will continue to handle direct marketing for Marshall Jaccoma Mitchell, but will now serve other agencies as well.
Mr. Obermaier said Mr. Barnes's undercover work was done at great risk and was "in a sense historic."
The only promising play for the declarer is to take the diamond king, the heart ace, a heart ruff, the spade ace and another heart ruff.
Four-star food but often four-hour meals.
card will also weigh heavily on the beleaguered card operations of American Express, whose premium charge cards and Optima credit card are struggling.
CAPITALIST FOOLS Tales of American Business, From Carnegie to Forbes to the Milken Gang.
With items like hand-crafted leather briefcases and portfolio cases by Mr.
Weiss, who missed more than half of last season because of a severe ankle injury, had asked for $900,000 while the team had offered $725,000.
By winning over markets, the media, producers, consumers and, above all, the voters, such a program will reduce long-term interest rates and thus stimulate short-term growth.
Steelmakers complain of higher electricity costs.
Consider this exchange recently between Mr. Perot and NBC's Jamie Gangel on "Today": Ms. Gangel: "On taxes, Governor Clinton has said he's going to raise taxes on the rich.
For toilets with tanks, the first step in diagnosing virtually all problems is to remove the tank cover, flush the toilet and observe the results.
She was also reunited with Miss Moore, who recommended her to the Chicago Grand Opera, where Miss Kirsten made her operatic debut as Pousette in Massenet's "Manon" in 1940.
Jordan was 15 of 17 from the line.
"Until the last 10 or 15 years, the psychiatric community felt enuresis came from some underlying conflicts in the person," she said, "and for years, a lot of people were told it was a psychological problem and all in their heads.
There is no sense of exhilaration in these pictures, no catharsis, nothing Rambo-esque -- only a feeling of cold and grubbiness; and it doesn't hurt that some were taken with damaged film.
Mr. Barber did so well and liked the work so much that he gravitated to the station, eventually dropping out of school to become its director and chief announcer.
She also commented: This is the first time I can recall receiving a complaint about the traffic police; they are usually courteous and fair.
Approval Seen It appears likely that the S.E.C.
She is an account manager for Miller Freeman Inc., a trade magazine publisher in New York.
Dozens of companies are working on personal communication systems, which are wireless networks that can relay signals for a broad family of inexpensive wireless phones, advanced pagers, hand-held computers and other devices that send and receive data over the air.
Ohio Water Development Authority,, $530 million of water-development revenue refunding bonds and pure-water refunding and improvement bonds.
To the Editor: We enjoyed Sue Stiles's "Dressing Up the Wells of England" (May 17); it brought back fond remembrances of our lives in Sheffield and the Peak District.
The income-tax cut President Bush plans to propose this month would make families with incomes of more than about $50,000 the biggest winners, drawing a new line in his election year battle with the Democrats over who can develop the more attractive tax breaks for the middle class.
From the start, he has worked mainly with a gamut of pale browns, pale yellows and faded pinks.
Knight-Ridder was among those that, instead of struggling on their own, leased a group user system from The Associated Press.
In Pleasantville, stability is a tradition, families measure residency in generations and, says Mayor M. Gail Grimaldi, "you know the names of the highway men who plow your driveway" in their spare time.
VILLAGE REFORM DEMOCRATIC CLUB STREET FAIR, Washington Place between Broadway and Washington Square East, Greenwich Village.
Rather than simply vote for one candidate, voters rank candidates in order of preference, putting a 1 next to their first choice, a 2 next to their second choice and so on until they no longer want to support any remaining candidate.
Khalil's lawyer, John Russell, gave his client's account of the day of the killings: Not long after 8 A.M., Khalil and Dupre arrived at school and, fearful, ducked in a different entrance than usual.
Bloomberg and the Post were also the first to report the Altman decision, which was later confirmed by Clinton aides.
She is leading a proxy contest to put up to seven new members on the company's 20-member board.
Traders said a reduction in refinery utilization last week and talk of OPEC production cuts this week prompted a rebound after oil prices sank to eight-month lows.
Jacques S. Boehm, the Bronx Answer: No.
"We were in position to win both games and didn't get the job done.
According to Ian Michaels, a spokesman for the city's Department of Environmental Protection, the air pollution control code laws make no distinction between white smoke and smoke of any other color.
And with the help of a chip shot that invoked the memory of Tom Watson 10 years ago, Kite brought home a par 72 for a 72-hole total of three-under 285, the highest winning total in the United States Open since 1978.
Then, three months ago, Time Warner disclosed that Mr. Ross, who is 64 years old, was ill with prostate cancer.
* Liposome Co., Princeton, N.J., said it filed for three million shares to be offered through Hambrecht & Quist.
Blues Traveler came out next, one member at a time joining in the performance as his Spin Doctors counterpart left.
But the dispute could drag on for several months.
The NBC program "Today" obtained an unexpected interview with President Bush yesterday in which he discussed his role in the Iran-contra affair and renewed his attacks on Gov.
Ms. Poole said the daughter told investigators that two of her brothers actually operated the bus company, but she declined to give their names or whereabouts.
It doesn't get any more symbolic for me.
Al Sharpton, the provocative black minister, who marched in Crown Heights last summer after a black child was accidentally killed when a Hasidic driver lost control of his car.
He had retired three years before.
We started to do double-depth burials a decade ago.
Foundation for the Elderly April 6 -- The New York Foundation for Senior Citizens, which provides housing, employment and other services for the elderly in New York City, will hold its annual awards benefit at the Pierre.
But that search turned up nothing.
The company said results for the 1991 year included a $ 46.5 million non-recurring charge from the settlement of claims against the bankrupt Tracor Aviation, Inc., and the release of $ 30.7 million in tax reserves no longer required.
It should become an opportunity, he said, to examine how much costly square footage is being wasted on filing needs.
In practice, France, Italy and Spain are more worried about immigration from North Africa, but Germany already feels swamped by new arrivals from Poland, Russia, Ukraine, Yugoslavia and Romania, and the German public is demanding tighter border controls.
Listen to the President of the United States."
These questions might make Mr. Rosenthal uncomfortable, but maybe that is their purpose.
Several said they had viewed the entire Communist system as hypocritical, though they had feared the Stasi, the Communist secret police.
But New York Democrats are feeling the same political pressures that have prompted action in those states.
On Monday, doctors diagnosed the problem as diverticulitis, a bacterial infection of tiny sacs in the lower intestine.
Mr. Willens noted that Chevron would see the tax problem vanish, since a company is not taxed when it buys its own stock.
The Lila Wallace-Reader's Digest Fund has given the museum $2 million.
SHE was dressed in a blue suit and white blouse and wore a blue velvet headband.
"By March of next year an equity market toying with levels of near 20,000 should not be ruled out," he said.
"Governor Clinton may be a Rhodes scholar," Mr. Bush said.
"We expect this trend to continue," Mr. Tellep said.
Information processing is information processing, whether you use the 1's and 0's of digital logic or fluctuating voltages in neurons.
But wheat futures continued to strengthen after Egypt and Russia announced bids for substantial cargoes of subsidized United States wheat.
Vivaldi in the Boathouse Thursday -- The newly formed junior committee of the Orchestra of St. Luke's will hold its first benefit at the Loeb Boathouse in Central Park.
The kitchen and service, still a bit shaky, have to catch up with the ambience.
Banks' net interest margin -- the difference between the interest they charge on loans and the interest they pay on deposits -- widened to 4.31 percent in the first quarter, the highest level since the fourth quarter of 1988.
Assemblyman Richard Coombe, a Sullivan County Republican who had opposed the city's mandatory restrictions, said that the agreement would allow farmers in his district to remain in business and still reduce contamination of the reservoirs.
Included is an appropriate drink, be it a bloody Mary, screwdriver or the more exotic passion-fruit mimosa.
"We're going to empower people to take control of their own lives, then hold them accountable for doing so," Mr. Clinton said in a speech at Elon College, just outside Burlington, in central North Carolina.
Lyondell's refinery processed 10,000 barrels of used lubricating oil during a test in December, the company said, and finished with grades of gasoline and heating oil "of the same high quality" as it normally obtains from crude oil.
Her enormous intelligence further ordained her solitude.
We all know that local government cannot change the course of a national economy that is headed in the wrong direction.
The district, which includes the city of Peekskill, as well as rural areas and affluent suburban communities like Pound Ridge and Bedford, has traditionally voted Republican, though Democratic registration has been persistently climbing.
David Letterman, the most truly hip of the lot, is perceived by some as cruel, an attribute that American women are no longer as attracted to en masse.
Is the Fifth a Charm?
He died of congestive heart failure, said his son, Paul Burnham Finney.
Whitson said he would be ready to make his first start when the exhibition season begins on March 6.
"The word spread there was a robbery going on, and bingo players scattered," Mr. Mammolito said.
"Not in this court," the agent replied as Mr. Gotti shook his head and grinned broadly in Mr. Cardinale's direction at the defense table.
His father is a broker for the Northwestern Mutual Life Insurance Company in North Kingston, R.I.
The emotional and psychological hurdles are too high to clear.
Last year bourbon sales in the United States declined by 6.9 percent, to 15.6 million cases, the weakest sales since the repeal of Prohibition in 1933.
Mr. Sherlund expects 35 percent to 40 percent growth in the December quarter and a strong March quarter as well.
Underestimated the Furor In recent months, the resistance of the veterans organizations caused the Administration's pilot project to be scaled back.
If McCarthy does go through the process, approval is far from assured.
6 5 7 ALL AROUND THE TOWN, by Mary Higgins Clark.
* Virginia Electric and Power Co. is offering $75 million in 6 1/4 percent first mortgage bonds due in 1998 at 99.311 to yield 6.39 percent through Goldman, Sachs.
How Hogue Scored Pierre Turgeon scored the other New York goal.
A1 REVERSAL ON JAPANESE CONTRACT Prodded by American resentment against Japan, Los Angeles County appears to be on the verge of canceling a $122 million contract awarded to a Japanese company to build mass transit rail cars.
Orders rebounded to a revised total of $211.5 million in June, earlier reported as $208.6 million.
Though he began his career as Hollywood's next teen idol, Mr. Perkins created in "Pyscho," one of his early films, a persona that has become a part of American iconography -- one that he could never shake as an actor and one that he returned to more than a quarter of a century later, in the first of three sequels.
History says it was one of those nights when he tries too hard to prove he is in the same league as Malone.
Olajuwon has repeatedly denied the allegations and has filed a grievance with the N.B.A.
Internal Revenue Service Publication No.
But on the court, they played like a team even though this was their first time functioning as one.
The same application rate can be kept in mind for use of wood chips or even sawdust mulches during the growing season.
In coming weeks, conflicting party interests and philosophies seem sure to bring renewed conflicts on issues from abortion to hunger and taxes.
According to a 1991 Ortho Birth Control study, pills were the most popular contraception, preferred by 28 percent of women from age 15 to 44, or about 16 million women in the United States.
Mr. Vlok said it had been recommended that Mr. Goniwe be given back his job.
The fee is $99 a year.
The six officers who came forward tonight have been suspended from patrol duty and assigned desk jobs without weapons; the other three were rearmed and remain on regular duty.
The reasons, he said, were that the existing system did not encourage and reward independence, education and family stability, but worked to separate families by decreasing benefits for women who married and by providing more benefits, albeit meager, for bearing more children.
The Federal funds rate, the interest on overnight loans between banks, fell to 213/16 percent, from 3 percent late Thursday.
General Re's stock plummeted that day by more than $7, to $81 a share, and has not recovered.
Predicting $600 Million in Tourism Mr. Segal said this $650,000 campaign would last through the end of next February and was being financed by corporations and foundations that support the festival organization.
Mr. Tyson testified that she never protested.
Todd Hundley, who had been hit by a pitch to fuel the eighth-inning rally, walked on four pitches to tie the score, 3-3.
After "Tryin' to Throw Your Arms Around the World," the concert took a turn.
It could also deny Mr. Kohl's party its long-held majority in the state, forcing it into a coalition with the centrist Free Democrats or the environmentalist Greens party.
Such transactions work best if a family has several assets, faith in their children and a strong desire to keep property in the family, he added.
But the consultants, printers, advertising agencies, television stations, newspapers and others who drink at the trough of commercialism that has replaced old-fashioned campaigning are laying off people, cutting costs and crying the blues.
But the studio remains much quieter than it was a few years ago.
Linebacker Shawn Williams picked up the ball and went seven yards into the end zone.
The shakeout in the computer and car industries continues.
Together they concoct a scheme in which he will advertise for a female typist under 25, make her fall in love with him, then break up with her after their first sexual encounter.
He refused to name the subcontractor.
A message to American anglophiles, particularly those who write plays: no matter how much you love Britain and the British theater, chances are good that the British won't like your work.
The director Mike Nichols also considered himself a Halcion victim.
Mr. Sutton carried a heavy caseload of 44 children.
Book clubs offer gay titles as featured selections.
James P. Albert, commanding officer of the 62d Precinct, where Officer Degaetano -- nicknamed "Diggs" -- was one of 20 community beat officers.
And in just that brief second, I dove for the window.
Mario Cuomo of New York to the Supreme Court.
No Significant Disruption For the third straight night, The Times reported no significant disruption of deliveries on Thursday.
Take the race to them if you have to.
Mr. Williams, who was Commissioner of Police in Philadelphia, is due in Los Angeles this week, and Chief Gates has already indicated that he plans to do little to ease the transition: he will not attend the swearing-in ceremony for his successor.
A 45-year-old man convicted of a double killing recorded by the victims' videocamera was sentenced Monday to spend the rest of his life in prison.
Judging from interviews with a handful of British executives wooed by the delegation of city and state officials and business leaders, the tour probably will not result in an immediate deluge of investment.
I decided to move into the field of technical assistance and foreign economic development, which at that time I believed would eventually become a central part of U.S. foreign policy.
He is one of 21 horses from Europe entered in the seven Breeders' Cup races, the largest group since the series was started eight years ago.
Few Lubavitcher couples at the wedding seemed to view these rules as restrictive.
Oona Chaplin died at the age of 66 last fall, before filming began.
In his last two years in office, Mr. Bush has come down clearly on the side of saving jobs in the short term, and that has been his emphasis as he runs for re-election.
The difference in serving prowess -- Washington had 11 aces and 18 break points -- held up yesterday when the two reconvened.
"So in a way I'm kind of hoping I never make it to the booth, because that means I'll have won it," McEnroe said.
Largely affirming a lower court's ruling in an appeal by City College, the panel strongly condemned student protesters who disrupted Dr. Levin's classes, but it held that the college, in failing to discipline them, had not violated the professor's rights because he was not denied protections accorded to others.
vice president of labor relations, said over the weekend: "We're not close.
Kangaroo care allows for the bonding between parent and child that is usually precluded in intensive care units.
will never be the same," he said.
In my recipe, smoked shoulder or butt of pork is combined with winter vegetables and chicken quarters.
Some strains may be effective above the ground in shady places or in the controlled environment of the greenhouse.
Wagner High School of Staten Island, the pre-eminent team in the Public School Athletic League in recent years, scored three times on long passes in the second half to break open the game and defeat New England power Brockton High School, 34-6, this afternoon.
Lennox Lewis was born in London of Jamaican parents, moved to Kitchener, Ont., at the age of 12, earned an Olympic boxing gold medal for Canada in 1988, returned to London to be marketed, and two weeks ago demolished Donovan (Razor) Ruddock in a stunning second-round knockout.
It also applies sanctions against foreign businesses and states that ship critical technology to nuclear wannabes.
They don't even walk on the streets."
MONRO MUFFLER/BRAKE INC., Rochester, a chain of car service centers, named John W. August senior vice president for store operations.
'Potential' for a Close Race Because of the vagaries of voter turnout and the large numbers of undecided voters, Mr. Coker cautioned, making predictions on the basis of the poll data was more art than science.
"She thinks about this for a minute.
Focusing Concerns "The survey shows that home rule is dead and buried in the minds of most New Jerseyans," said Neil Upmeyer, president of the analysis center, which is based in Princeton.
It got an American company to construct a $14 million, three-building complex that made drill bits that had wide application, including weapons production.
A January wedding is planned.
With an eye toward containing the fierce rush of the Eagles, Handley attempted to revamp it.
My daughter is busy learning the business, and she has tremendous capacity.
Nothing in this country moves without transportation of some kind, and it is all dependent upon gasoline or other fossil fuels.
Informers Seen as Key The current indictment charges that as head of the Gambino crime family, Mr. Gotti engaged in a pattern of racketeering that included five murders, an additional murder conspiracy, extortion, illegal gambling and obstruction of justice.
I came in this morning and felt pretty good, but as the day progressed, I felt worse and worse."
An Invitation to Dance The party above "The Gabino Restaurant" on East 98th Street right off Rutland Road began about 10 P.M. Saturday, Mr. Brown said.
On arrival at Murray Hill the car is rattling, breathing hard and seething with hatred of cab drivers and bicyclists.
She added, "The European economic cycle is a few years behind the United States' ."
Judge I. Leo Glasser declined to disclose his reason for dismissing the juror, a woman designated as Juror No.
The improvements are part of a $30 million streetscape program being undertaken by the Grand Central Partnership, a coalition of businesses, corporations and property owners in the Grand Central area.
Richard E. Wolicki, senior director of aerospace marketing for the Aerotech World Trade Corporation, will open an Aerotech office in Seoul next year from which to direct the company's activities in northern Japan, Taiwan and Korea.
They simply stop the Trans-Mongolian railroad on its tracks, abduct seven foreign women, and take them on an adventure that is part anthropological study, part fancy costume party.
We felt that clearly consent had not been given."
At the same time, commercial interests, which understood the importance of being up to date, rapidly adapted advanced artistic styles.
After New Jersey pulled its goalie on Sunday, the final 21 seconds resembled a Big East basketball game: Quibbling over tenths of seconds.
The Venezuelan move, he said, "is like putting quarters in a church dish and hoping the big guy is going to drop a hundred dollar bill."
A co-leader of the Front, Victor Benoit, has said the coalition, which holds almost half the votes in the House of Deputies, would refuse to recognize Mr. Bazin.
The remarks brought daily picketing against the judge, some of it led by the Rev.
In 1988, 62 percent of that group favored George Bush.
Sergi Bruguera, the defending champion, breezed past Jordi Arrese, 6-1, 6-1, in the other semifinal.
"I don't feel so bad," he said.
Mr. Brummett said, "Sometimes he is just too prone to agree with the last person he talked with."
But Mr. Grehn said the official statistics did not reveal the real extent of joblessness because of early retirement, job creation and retraining programs.
The Labor Department report on unemployment rates for April, due out Friday, is expected to help the Fed determine the direction of monetary policy.
CALLING DIRECT If you don't have the name of a florist at the other end but prefer to place your order directly, call the long-distance telephone operator and ask for a Yellow Pages listing of a shop near the recipient.
It is she, as someone who knew Carter and his even crazier father (also played by Mr. Lithgow), who reveals that their early troubles were once the basis for a television mini-series.
No hit, no answers, no sleep, no hit.
The court in Besancon in eastern France received evidence that 378 bronzes attributed to Diego Giacometti were sold on international markets between 1986 and early 1990 and at least 260 of them were fake.
But a turning point for him -- and Algeria -- came in October 1988, when the country was shaken by nationwide riots over food shortages, unemployment and lack of freedom.
Mr. Dinkins's Democratic colleagues here -- Mr. Cuomo and Assembly Speaker Saul Weprin, both of whom are from Queens -- did not receive the comments warmly and disputed Mr. Dinkins's financial estimates.
Wycliff Gordon is to be there on trombone and Reginald Veal is to appear with his bass.
"I'm with the Indians on this," said Bob Jones, a 70-year-old retired Army master sergeant, as he sat before eight bingo cards with his wife, Janette.
The comments speak directly to a major concern bedeviling the industry, as magazines slowly begin to recover from the worst recession in magazine publishing in decades.
The new camp will be a permanent site for the program and will accept 300 campers each year.
Financially, the Administration believes that it cannot afford to sign on to the most dramatic proposals at Rio even if it wanted to.
Reduce heat and simmer 30 minutes.
"Keith always wanted to have some kind of tribute in the form of his own art in Kutztown, and we discussed it while he was alive," said JULIA GRUEN, the director of the Keith Haring Foundation, which provides funds for children's and AIDS organizations.
"I only hope that media managers today will take this one step further than those who had the opportunity after the riots in the 1960's."
Alabama flanker DAVID PALMER has been suspended indefinitely after his second arrest on drunken driving charges in two months, Coach GENE STALLINGS said yesterday.
Emery reported their disappearance to the New York office of the F.B.I.
Next week I'll probably be tentative and not be able to pull the trigger.
14 14 38 BACKLASH, by Susan Faludi.
We think it's going to happen because we have talented players, but it's not."
In this story -- as in "After Memphis," in which a woman recalls her childhood leave-taking from the South -- Ms. Lear allows herself space and time to fully flesh out her characters, their idiosyncrasies, yearnings and predicaments.
"It's something very visceral," Mr. Solo said as he analyzed the origins of his latest encounter with the pod people and their victims.
Sports and Recreation, Tampa, Fla., an initial public offering of 4.18 million of common shares.
Ms. Lloyd was formerly the chief business strategist for the Port Authority.
The program was completed by the stunning "Panorama" and by "Plain of Prayer," a thing of endless foreplay whose cast was competently led by Mr.
He said he was for conviction on most of the charges because of the documentary evidence.
A5 Bosnian factions agree to a truce and safe passage from Sarajevo.
Doctors performed four and a half hours of additional surgery this evening, primarily to check for dead tissue to minimize the danger of infection.
There are more than 30 hotels with weeklong package prices.
One participant had a recurrence of lymphoma, while the others have remained in remission after a median follow-up period of 10 months.
But this has also drawn him increasingly into the domestic political fray and further undermined his own approval ratings.
'Most Significant' The Labor Department estimated that there are now 100,000 pension, profit-sharing and savings plans, covering 19 million participants and holding assets of more than $335 billion.
Another Sports Team Both men were also owners in the World Basketball League, based in Youngstown, Ohio, which suspended operations last week.
Yesterday, almost four years after taking office, he issued an "Agenda for American Renewal" that comprises a coherent statement of economic objectives and policies.
Making his debut as the Accused's father, Daniel Chait was simultaneously mild mannered and weak willed.
The gathering of about 300 people had raised fears of a repetition of the violence that took place on Friday, when opposition gunmen opened fire on Gamsakhurdia supporters who defied the rebels' ban on demonstrations.
Finally, he reviews the deal in a companion booklet.
Don't you know there are people in this world with no food at all?
"We see these children from babies through second grade, and then they disappear in third grade," said Mary Burnap, a children's librarian at the Greenburgh Public Library.
In the transition to color television, which began in the 1950's, black-and-white sets were -- and still are -- able to receive color signals.
The loss to the Eagles dropped the Giants' record to 5-6 and severely dimmed their playoff hopes, especially since they must play the strong Dallas Cowboys (9-2) on Thursday.
Women with upswept gray hair gave a prim once-over and a wide berth to the 20-year-old in the Red Sox jersey, the black T-shirt with the logo of the rap group Cypress Hill, the baggy black pants and the sneakers.
4 SETON HALL (23-9) Terry Dehere and point guard Bryan Caver could be the most explosive backcourt in the nation.
The members, who supervise a staff of 84, act independently of each other, and no one has executive authority.
"What they've done at this convention is just the 1992 version of what they know how to do," he said.
Soldiers ringed the campus, and insisted on searching for weapons anyone who left.
"If mainstream folk understood the black perspective better, they wouldn't be surprised at the rage we're holding.
"It would be nice to get it every year.
The Indians trailed, 5-0, after four innings.
The Army panel concluded that "corrective action is necessary" because the bidders "were not treated equally" in the first bidding process, but it did not find any fault on the part of the group that includes Mr. Malek.
The results, officials say, show no hint that the explosions are the problem.
Her father is the chancellor of the University of Arkansas for Medical Sciences in Little Rock.
This is a charge that the Government disputes.
The gold- and silver-medal performances of Ethiopa's Derartu Tulu and South Africa's Elana Meyer in the 10,000 meters last night, coupled with the dominance of Kenyan runners, appears to signal the awakening of a giant.
Another question followed: Was this Mr. Salinas's big chance to change Pemex?
This means that air and water, both of which are essential to tree roots, will finally be able to penetrate.
Here are six strategies to consider as you move through the show, strands to follow from gallery to gallery that can clarify the experience and bring out subtleties within the smoothly chronological installation at the museum.
"High Heels" is very much an Almodovar blend: a murder mystery about mother-daughter competition and sexual ambiguity, laced with scathing touches of pop-culture insanity.
After serving in the Marine Corps during World War II, he returned to screenwriting, collaborating on "Key Largo" (1948), starring Humphrey Bogart and Edward G. Robinson.
He makes over $100,000 a year, working 50-hour weeks, leading a design team of 31 people.
The picture in question bore the Audenesque title of "August for the People," and was about a lot of young people sitting bunched up on a beach with a gigantic middle-aged man in a black business suit trying to make them out.
The policy says there is a potential conflict of interest whenever doctors send patients to medical businesses in which the doctors have a financial interest.
Those who participated in the Anacostia model programs were unemployed and underemployed young men and women, primarily African-Americans, many who were residents of public housing, eager to improve life in the community for themselves and their families.
Insurance still plays a role in such a plan because no individual can foretell when accident or illness will strike.
Civil Suit Filed Last May, Mr. Guiffre filed a Federal civil suit against Somerset County, Mr. Bissell and others for damages resulting from the transaction.
Declining issues outnumbered those advancing by about 5 to 4 on the New York Stock Exchange.
The stock of American Dental Laser Inc. has increased more than threefold since Friday, when the company said it had received clearance from the Food and Drug Administration to market its KCP 2000 cavity preparation device.
" 'Intense About Things' He also gained a reputation for aloofness.
Mixed Messages In the world in which these children live, Dr.
The cuts could further weaken airlines like T.W.A.
A union leader familiar with the dispute said it hinged on when the arbitration would take place.
He won that year's World Series opener against the Yankees, outpitching Whitey Ford, but then lost a five-hitter, 2-0, to Don Larsen's perfect game in Game 5.
"I have to believe the traffic wasn't where they expected it to be," said Daniel M. Kasper, an airline specialist for Harbridge House, an international management consulting firm.
But as electricity prices rose, the demand for power dropped, leaving them with surplus capacity.
Indeed, most economists expect the great American job machine, even after it gets going again, to run at just half speed through much of the 1990's.
The combination of loose fiscal policies and tight monetary policies of the early 1980's helped to drive the dollar up; the more recent lowering of interest rates has depressed the American currency.
4) Video-gamelike special effects spice Brett Leonard's film, based on a Stephen King story about a young man (Jeff Fahey) with delusions of ruling the world.
The coincidence of the two religious seasons this year has provided a practical lesson in comparative religion.
In this account of roughly 20 years in the lives of some upper-middle-class Londoners, Leslie Beck, a politically, morally and esthetically incorrect businessman, represents the life force -- or, rather, his penis does.
Instead of climbing into the ring between the ropes, Savon, who is 6 feet 3 inches tall, leaped over the ropes into the ring, setting a macho tone for the entire bout.
In an interview, Mr. Foley said he was confident of being re-elected, but said he was taking nothing for granted.
Paschal Vigil Service, with soloists and orchestra and more than 50 actors and musicians.
It calls for raising gasoline taxes by 50 cents a gallon, doubling taxes on cigarettes and taxing some employer-paid health insurance plans as if they were income.
Through winning, the Abbagnale brothers exist.
Mr. Weiss's opponent, Arthur Block, a lawyer, does not possess the credentials to serve in Congress.
What would happen to the N.L.
Nurtured by the relative isolation of the Sea Islands, Gullah has developed over the centuries into a singular culture.
Everyone has more leisure time."
Aside from the hostility of Congress, what do you think has got into the American public?
Built with government help on the eastern edge of Canarsie, it provides more services than most developments do, inspired by altruism and by self-interest (maintaining the property's value for potential sales and conversion into cooperatives).
Expo's organizers, though, have had to look farther afield and they calculate there are 19,000 additional hotel beds within 45 minutes of Seville, another 22,000 within 60 minutes, 35,000 more within 90 minutes and still another 42,000 within 120 minutes.
"The turning point came when I began writing screenplays," Mr. McEwan said.
Only the wings and the tail surfaces were covered.
A stark, cleanly told novel of guilt and redemption following a hideous act of child abuse; the climax is unspeakably terrible.
In 1972 Mr. Fujita began his career as a writer.
Mario M. Cuomo supports the closing of the mental hospital in Gowanda, N.Y., because he wants to invest more money in community-based care for the mentally ill. That is not the case.
Does old necessarily mean worthy?
The new color portables reverse that equation, offering surprisingly good performance at prices that make them very competitive with monochrome machines.
Most of these tours are expensive; few cost less than $2,500 for 10 days or so, without air fare to Europe.
Long Beach, which eliminated Nottingham of Hamilton Square, N.J., on Thursday to capture the United States title, must worry about a rival that has overcome tremendous odds to reach the final game.
"It would have sparked speculation that they had lost confidence in mangement.
"There have been executive-level meetings between the two companies," said Rob Wilson, I.B.M.
He is not among the top-20 money-winners this year, but he is fourth on the career money list with $1,319,142 before the year began.
Even as things began to change in the 1980's, Hempstead's population continued to grow.
The celebrations, some said, indicated renewed support for Mr. Arafat, whose leadership of the Palestine Liberation Organization has come under criticism from some people in the territories who question his political judgment and style as well as his distance from their daily lives.
Roe and Weisman simply recognize that a woman's right to decide to terminate a pregnancy and a student's right to a spiritual outlook uncolored by official pressures are outside the purview of majority whims.
That will be eliminated under the alliance because Phelps has an incinerator.
Despite the low overhead, there is one high cost to gypsy cab work: crime.
As it has achieved that goal, the names of the poor, sick and disabled New Yorkers it benefits have changed from year to year.
Cook until soft, about 6 minutes.
The bridegroom's previous marriage ended in divorce.
Mayor Raymond L. Flynn, a former college basketball star who once had a tryout with the Celtics, said he was pleased not only that the new Garden would lift the region's economy but also that "it will be done by our own banks."
Robert Britten, the wine maker, said corks were too often defective and diminished the quality of the wine.
"We have to do this," said Fry.
She said prosecutors were also troubled by "repeated disparaging remarks in the media concerning the investigation, and the court's assertion at the time of the plea that it was getting a sanitized version of the facts."
And last year more than a dozen companies announced plans to move to Iowa and hire thousands of the state's already hard-to-get workers.
The chicken breast kebab and chicken shammi kebab (ground chicken, well seasoned) were both equally fine entree choices.
He was 75 years old.
Arugula and Pear Salad 1 medium bunch arugula, about 2 cups 1 small ripe pear, cored, quartered and thinly sliced 2 teaspoons walnut oil 2 teaspoons raspberry vinegar 1 small clove garlic, minced.
But it was not a scene of complete devastation.
At St. Mark's Church, 131 East 10th Street.
The Public Health Service said only 13 people already smoking marijuana legally for medical purposes would be allowed to continue.
Many businesses that try to move into the fund industry "don't know how to cross-pollinate," said Geoff Bobroff, a senior vice president for Lipper Analytical Services in Denver.
The North Hills News Record in Warrendale, Pa., which has a reporter covering the Pirates, increased the number of days a week it publishes from two to seven and more than doubled its circulation to 40,200 daily and 47,300 on Sunday.
"Then we will see how we can provide an environment for those relationships to florish."
The society's third convention was held last June in Seattle, where members could buy Nikon collectibles and view two Nikon 1 cameras.
After the United States, South Korea had the largest contingent of soldiers fighting Hanoi.
Dr. Girodo said a disciplined self-image was the most reliable predictor of whether a person would cross over into criminal activity during covert investigations.
Each Sunday at the 100-year-old Manhattan church, at 213 East 83d Street, between Second and Third Avenues, the Rev.
THE Manhattan String Quartet, in its 14th appearance for the Pleasantville Chamber Music Society since the society was founded in 1976, closes out the society's season today.
Jim Florio, which has given itself a deadline of Aug. 7 to begin laying off state workers to meet the spending goals of a $14.6 billion budget put together by the Republican-dominated Legislature.
THAI GRILLED BEEF SALAD The eggplant pickle: 1 teaspoon kosher salt 1 1/2 teaspoons tumeric powder 1 large eggplant, cut into 1/4-inch-round slices 2 tablespoons vegetable oil 1 1/2 teaspoons black mustard seeds 1/4 cup rice-wine vinegar 1 small onion, peeled and minced 2 cloves garlic, peeled and thinly sliced 1 1/2 teaspoons grated gingerroot 1 tablespoon curry powder 1 1/2 teaspoons minced Thai chili pepper 1 inch-long cinnamon stick 1 teaspoon sugar 1/4 cup dissolved tamarind pulp or orange juice The steak: 1 pound flank steak 4 cloves garlic, peeled and minced 1 teaspoon sugar 1/2 cup distilled white vinegar 2 tablespoons olive oil 2 tablespoons nuoc mam (Vietnamese fish sauce) 2 tablespoons soy sauce 1/2 cup minced pineapple 1 cup minced mint leaves.
To partially balance the restoration of spending on Seawolf, the House cut $73 million from the MX missile and $130 million from the Cruise missile program.
Connoisseur's most recent rate base had been 320,000.
The hazard of wearing long scarves gained public recognition in 1927, when the dancer Isadora Duncan was strangled by her scarf caught in a rear wheel of a sports car.
"We suspect that, despite all the warnings, any significant price decline will come as a nasty shock."
Last year Barry Strongin, a video producer from Syosset, made a short documentary on Dr.
Recommended dishes: Seafood chili; pizzas; vegetable antipasto; shellfish platter; swordfish with Tuscan salad; herb-crusted grouper; snapper with lentils and black olives; linguine with clams; rigatoni with eggplant, tomatoes and ricotta; raspberry sorbet; mixed fruit in tuile.
Payments to people other than the blind, elderly or disabled would be limited to three months in any year.
While sales of the Big Three's cars in Japan seem unchanged this year, American auto-parts makers have said that they are encouraged by a tremendous increase in the number of inquiries from Japanese makers, particularly Toyota.
The differences are particularly stark at the bottom of the classes, where the lowest-achieving white and Asian students rank well ahead of the lowest-achieving black and Hispanic students.
Patients with tonsillectomies, hernia repair, gallbladder removal, cosmetic surgery, hysterectomies, cataract removal and other procedures long associated with hospital recuperation now routinely go home without even an overnight stay.
If it somehow manages to find a hiding place from the wind and the heat, it will have to be in the one year in 10 when there will be enough rainfall for the seed to have any shot at germinating and taking hold.
And if luck holds out, there will also be a bathroom.
Simply because they were down in games, 2-0 and 3-1, earlier in the series.
TED SASKIN, director of licensing for the association, said the front side of the card was "not a genuine photograph."
To qualify for a free lunch, annual income for a family of four cannot exceed $16,510; to qualify for a reduced-price meal, a family's income cannot exceed $23,495.
"The land is everything," said Theresa D. Bell, the tribal affairs coordinator.
As long as something entertaining was going on somewhere, the rules were flexible.
Mr. Cruz denied there was anti-Semitism in the vote on principals.
However, the Maritime Administration "subsidy club" doesn't want new technology rocking its boat to nowhere.
The only contrast now is between a candidate who recognizes that the economy is Topic A and one who doesn't.
Our inventory is really down now, and we're struggling to find people properties in the first-time-buyer range."
6 Clocks He will be in charge of the clocks at City Hall; Brooklyn Borough Hall; Staten Island Borough Hall; the Harlem Courthouse at 170 East 121st Street; the former New York Life Insurance Company Building, 346 Broadway, at Leonard Street, and the former Sun Building, 280 Broadway, at Chambers Street.
What about Jim Courier and Pete Sampras, battling out on the court?
He is charged with rape, robbery and unlawful imprisonment, said Sgt.
High Profits, Low Costs At the time, Mr. Roth, as co-owner of Morgan Creek Productions, had gained a reputation as the creator of low-cost, high-earning films like "Young Guns," which grossed $44 million, and "Major League," which grossed $50 million; each cost about $14 million.
"This man is wonderful," she said.
It ascribed any flawed conclusions to incomplete information and the failure of those with relevant information to come forward.
Eighty-nine cents for something that had probably been out of the ground for weeks, losing vitamins, flavor and texture every day, every minute.
The feelings seem to reflect the presence of money freed up by large-scale mortgage refinancing.
has been criticized for using its muscle to push the interests of motorists at the expense of public transportation, an orientation for which Mr. Verkuil, like Mr. Creal before him, is unapologetic.
Samuel R. Berger, Deputy National Security Adviser Lawyer with a specialty in international trade law and administrtive law... 46... senior foreign policy advisor to Mr. Clinton during the campaign and headed foreign policy area of the transition... considered more dovish, but helped forge links between liberal and moderate wings of the Democratic Party's foreign policy establishment... from 19977 to 1981 he was deputy director of the state Department's policy planning department under Anthony Lake in the Carter Administration... Special assistant to New York Mayor John V. Lindsay of New York, former legislative assistant to former Senator Harold Hughes of Iowa and Representative Joseph Resnick of New York... met Mr. Clinton in 1972 when they both worked on Senator George S. McGovern's Presidential campaign.
's, directors -- people who are closer to the fire than I am -- are saying they feel pretty good about things.
JACK SACHER Cedar Grove, N.J., March 20, 1992
KARL WIRTZ: The result would have been that we would have obliterated London but would still not have conquered the world, and then they would have dropped them on us.
He is charged with deceiving Congress and investigators about the agency's knowledge of the affair.
Pablo Alfonso Pineda, who fled the island of Maderas Negras to Corinto in a small boat, told radio reporters that Maderas Negras and another small island, Monte Rolo, were washed over by one of the waves.
11 Florida State, 67-64, in their opening game.
More Controversy This week, the controversy continued when it was reported that Dr. Jeffries would speak at a convention in Los Angeles this weekend on Holocaust revisionism along with backers of David Duke, the former Ku Klux Klan leader.
The indictment, which was filed in Federal District Court in Manhattan, did not include the more serious Federal charges of mail fraud and bank fraud that Mr. Biegen faces in the theft of $158,000 from the Dinkins campaign coffers.
So does Britain, a country whose competitive prowess rarely makes grown industrialists quake.
To their credit, 61 percent of the respondents to the 1989 General Social Survey reported yesterday did not feel able to rank the social standing of "Wisians."
At 11 P.M., the presentation of 35 young women from eight countries, escorted by members of United States service academies, takes place in a colorful ritual.
Most of them are years away from the days when they were posted in faraway places, often posing as simple embassy political officers.
Mr. Bush was detested here.
The party chairman said he had told the former Governor that he could have more time if he would endorse the Clinton-Gore ticket.
In contrast to the well understood goals of the cold war era, it will be difficult to measure our success as we deal with these new challenges.
"The possibility of rejection is minuscule," said Joe Flaherty, president of Local 1-2 of the Utility Workers of America.
"I believe in tough love," Mrs. Williams said.
And then a mistake on the base paths in the eighth killed a threat as Junior Noboa was doubled up in a rundown between second and third after Chico Walker had bounced to third.
WITH: Elizabeth Browning, Grace Campbell, Elizabeth Chapman, John McKie, Ernie Shaheen and Garland Whitt.
PEROT: I'm watching the light.
His own performances always differed somewhat from one another.
A December wedding is planned.
Whenever people talk about Southport harbor, inevitably they talk about the Pequot Yacht Club, which has occupied two brick buildings on the harbor since the 1920's.
Brian Leetch, his left arm weakened by a stretched nerve in his neck, will be out for at least four weeks.
In addition, Laettner and Drexler provide the Olympic team with a certain flexibility, a critical factor if injury or illness strikes other players after July 15, the date names must be submitted to the International Olympic Committee.
Crystal, who is 57 years old.
No suspects have been arrested.
The flaws start with pitching.
Josef Albers, the German painter, and his wife, Anni, a skilled weaver, were among them.
They found her at 12:15 A.M. in Room 1522, which she was scheduled to clean, Sergeant Mohrmann said.
Take Bertice Berry, a former university professor who is now a stand-up comic.
Bishop Peers, then the prelate of Qu'Appelle, Saskatechewan, is now Archbishop Peers, the Anglican Primate of Canada, which is the church's top post.
I would also take issue with the following areas in your assessment: *To hold up Southwest Airlines as the little engine that could paints an incomplete picture.
Studio bosses, bankers and distributors see no reason to temper the cycle as long as it pays off.
"Thank God there wasn't a heavy wind that night," said Simon Stein, owner of Stein's Apparel and Shoe Store.
receivers, a combination microwave receiver and computer that costs about $3,500 each and, in our case, goes by the brand name of Magellan.
'Kismet' Role Won a Tony Mr. Drake's performances earned many awards.
Edmund G. Brown Jr. of California remained at 3 points.
Structural Dynamics, another Nasdaq issue, plunged 4 5/8, to 10 1/2.
The Nets will play at Milwaukee on Wednesday, then meet the Bucks again at the Meadowlands on Friday.
More than 1,800 other such files were declassified this week.
IT is a widespread opinion, and one not quite without foundation, that art books are getting to be painfully, not to say prohibitively, expensive.
"It's worth the work to get the bargains," Ms. Phillips said.
"Usually between reps I talked with Dennis.
"The climate treaty is now a shell that will allow continued degradation of the global atmosphere," said Richard Mott, treaties officer of the World Wildlife Fund.
"Most of what he's been doing is strength work pointing toward the Olympic Trials."
"It undermines anyone's ability to focus on the Republican until after Sept. 5th, if there's a primary, and in this case we're sure there will be."
Still, the French company that operates Parc Asterix is not giving up.
Although breast cancer is far more common than endometrial cancer, he said that overall the drug might slightly reduce a woman's cancer risk.
Home secretaries rarely opt for free pardons, said Mr. Ashman, noting that only two such pardons were bestowed from 1980 to 1987.
First was William C. Langley, a Wall Street broker.
In the midst of the city's desperate fiscal crisis, he rejected a request for a $1 billion Federal aid package.
"Don't ask me to sell.
"Even when we were up, 4-0, we knew we'd have a battle," Showalter said.
For him every visitor is a trespasser.
The National Actors Theater in Manhattan has the play on schedule for March, with Tony Randall as Erwin and Jack Klugman as Patsy.
For many of the former agents who fill the spectator seats, Mr. Fiers's testimony is pure betrayal.
Push the red and yellow tomatoes separately through a stainless steel sieve into separate containers.
None of his buddies followed through.
During the early 1980's, the pension plan became overfunded when its investments earned greater returns than expected.
None at all, said the artist, Constance Del Vecchio Maltese, whose husband, State Senator Serphin R. Maltese, the Republican from Middle Village, bears more than a passing resemblance to his wife's two portraits of Columbus, young and old.
Tours Booked in Advance Once the remaining common convicts go, a group calling itself the Future of Robben Island Committee wants to open the island to tourists.
Still, he said, "photography is fun; it has immediacy."
"People are decapitated and men are castrated.
Many Democrats who winced at first at all the "I'm O.K., you're O.K."
Youngstown State, the defending Division I-AA national champion, had routed Northeastern, 59-7, a year ago.
We have more abortions in Washington, D.C., than we do live births.
Analysts expect upstart competitors to have their best shot at winning bids on completely new installations.
Fundamentally, they have been horrid.
In Cologne not long ago, a party was held at the Ludwig Museum to celebrate a new exhibition.
In a letter to Morton H. Halperin, a wiretap victim who was his national security aide, Mr. Kissinger acknowledged that "it is something if circumstances were repeated I would not do again."
In turn, voters' anger over that tax increase propelled Republicans into control of the Legislature, where they quickly began working to dismantle the Quality Education Act, which channeled money to many middle-class districts, as well as poor districts, at the expense of wealthier suburbs.
A lingering cold has knocked MIDORI ITOout of the world figure skating championships in Oakland, Calif., later this month.
"We are not seeing any significant market pickup via the economy or PC industry," he said in an interview from Compaq's Houston headquarters.
It is, many Israelis say, one of the more difficult rulings that these justices may ever have to make, one with implications that go beyond law and that could potentially plumb the depths of the national psyche.
"That's a perfect double-play ball," Gallego said.
In a reading class at Culverton Middle School in Baltimore, for instance, sixth graders read aloud to one another, helping each other with unfamiliar words.
Her accent is clearly New York.
As amiable as the performances are, what sinks "A Fine Romance" is the screenplay's complete absence of jokes.
"About half the chemicals identified in the lakes are chlorinated organic substances," said Martin Bratzel, a scientist in the commission's office in Windsor, Ontario.
Leading a racially based party composed largely of the descendants of former African slaves, he espoused a Communist-inspired ideology he called "cooperative socialism."
"Black Rock is a box, like much modern architecture, but Eero Saarinen made it special with that black granite skin," said Marc A. Weiss, professor of real estate development at Columbia University's Graduate School of Architecture, Planning and Preservation.
The report followed a report by the Government on Tuesday that the leading economic indicators had advanced eight-tenths of 1 percent in February.
Alexis, who attends the Chapin school and is a member of the School of American Ballet, plays a Polichinelle and a mouse in "The Nutcracker."
I haven't stopped working since I got out of school."
"So many white people listen to this music.
General Motors has experience in the field, having built the Sunraycer, the winner of a race across the Australian desert.
For the period 1987-90 total department store sales increased 15.8 percent.
Floyd's six-under-par 66 gave him a 17-under 199 total, two shots ahead of Mike Hill.
I don't think this can do it alone."
The Nordiques got goals from three players acquired in the infamous Eric Lindros deal -- former Philadelphia Flyers Steve Duchesne, Mike Ricci and Kerry Huffman -- while a third player obtained in that deal, goaltender Ron Hextall, turned away 38 shots.
No airline has ever entered bankruptcy and rejoined the ranks of the financially strongest carriers.
The region, where the Xhosa and the British fought their frontier wars in the 19th century, is one of the congress's most militant strongholds, and there have been many signs that the brigadier's position is wobbly.
At this point it is unclear how much Mr. Kerrey's new campaign team, including his new manager, Tad Devine, will try to change the candidate's style on the stump.
A Book to Devour THE timing could not have been better.
In 1985 he moved to Nantucket, where he was a member of the Nantucket Historic District Commission.
An Issue of Control The Monmouth Council of the Boy Scouts of America maintains that Mr. Dale does not meet the standards of leadership set by the national organization, which prohibits homosexuals.
The views of Mrs. Whitlock and her "like-minded people" on the Republican right flank have dominated their party's convention and platform.
He said the weather was "very bad," with 20-knot winds and 10- to 12-foot waves.
We've got to help them.
But other new approaches, like arbitration, are getting favorable reaction.
Trips, vacations, meals and other services will be auctioned.
"Mapping the New World" uses historic maps from the library's superior collection to illustrate how Europeans slowly and imperfectly came to understand the new lands whose exploration began with Columbus.
*The Mayo Foundation and the Mayo Foundation for Education and Research, which, together with Rochester Methodist Hospital and St. Mary's Hospital, are part of the Mayo Clinic in Rochester, Minn., paid Dr. Robert R. Waller, the chief executive of the two foundations, $394,324 in total compensation in 1990.
Kenneth W. Thorson, the state lottery director, said the group had acted improperly when it paid for millions of tickets at the headquarters of a grocery and convenience-store chain, then collected the tickets in bundles from the individual stores.
Hamburgers and turkey burgers, 5.95; pizza, $6.95 or 7.95.
For Mr. Topel's children, 10-year-old Benjamin and 13-year-old Amelia, the thrill of seeing a house built from scratch was erased in the minutes it took to burn again.
Some 2,000 police officers were on duty around the march.
STRESSING PLURALITY Seven artists from different racial and ethnic backgrounds have been selected for the Hudson River Museum's new exhibition called "In Plural America: Contemporary Journeys, Voices and Identities."
Revenues rose very slightly, to $7.82 billion from $7.81 billion.
A maker of sneakers is already setting up a superstar competition between Dan and Dave at this summer's Games in Barcelona.
A7 300,000 MARCH IN MUNICH More than 300,000 Germans marched through Munich in one of the country's largest demonstrations against intolerance, anti-Semitism and rightist violence.
"There's just not the support on the Hill for it," the Vermont Democrat said.
"It frightened me," Mr. Hoffman said.
"There is an audience for this kind of quality entertainment."
A25 Metropolitan Digest, B1 ALTERING PRACTICE OF MEDICINE Fear of things like AIDS, tuberculosis, hepatitis and violence are changing the way health-care workers practice medicine, sometimes to the potential detriment of their patients.
On the night of April 29, it was the fires in her own neighborhood that she watched on television.
Mr. Nolan's primary research and thoughtful treatment capture the spirit of a justly infamous episode of rotten behavior in the West.
In his post-game interview session on Saturday, Riley said: "'A great effort and a win that was really, I felt, taken away from us.
Mr. Davies's plans for the immediate future include conducting three of next season's five concerts.
Daniel shot a four-under-par 68 to take the second-round lead in the Dinah Shore tournament, one of the L.P.G.A.
"Dieters must have valid goals that logically could result from weight loss, for example, improving their health or their ability to run on the tennis court," Dr. Polivy said.
In a note attached to an anonymous gift of $1,000, a Seattle resident wrote, "I grew up reading about the Neediest Cases -- at that time I thought my family was just a snap of the fingers away from being on your list.
The tension is perhaps most visible in families, traditionally the source of strength for Mexican immigrants.
"That he's associated with the New Alliance Party makes it even more suspect."
After graduating recently from Vassar College, she thought of moving elsewhere.
As for poverty, experts say well-educated, well-off professional men are hardly immune; they are simply better at escaping punishment.
I'm the most unparanoid person in the world.
is now ploddingly assembling a corps of 18.
Which has a certain period charm, I guess.
"When it was clear that the coup leaders had lost, we seized the archives of the K.G.B.
The securities, which are noncallable for life, are rated Aa-3 by Moody's Investors Service Inc. and AA- by the Standard & Poor's Corporation.
He was to have been released in 1955, but his sentence was extended, and he was killed in prison.
As many as 900 skiers have and do in the Stowe Derby in Vermont.
Ms. Wood, now a reporter for New York 1 News, the all-news cable station, was interviewed for 30 minutes.
She said that although she receives regular support payments from her former husband, the amount "no more supports the children than a bake sale would buy a nuclear submarine."
An improved phone service is essential to economic growth pursuit -- and the more phones the better for a company like Westel.
"We play up the medals so much, and winning a medal is a great thing," Fraser said, "but there's so much more to the competition.
Values of the average stock fund rose by 2.77 percent during the last three months, Lipper Analytical Services reported yesterday.
8:18: Walsh hammers at Miami's surfeit of speed and Nebraska's lack of it, as Hurricane quarterback Gino Torretta hits Kevin Williams for a touchdown.
Ms. Reagon's work as a curator for the Smithsonian Institution is reflected in Sweet Honey's willfully wide-ranging repertory.
Because air fares to St. Kitts-Nevis have stayed high, $438 on B.W.I.A.
In contrast with this is the film's early look at little Russell Stevens Jr. and his father (Glynn Turman) in 1972.
Still, the Administration does not have the power to block the programs, and city officials in New York and Washington said they did not intend to use Federal money.
Its artistic director, Deborah Drattell, a composer, has also commissioned a series of brief fanfares from young composers.
But when I read Governor Brown's announcement speech I just decided I had to be a part of this."
He said the justification for the relatively high value was a recent business turnaround, added to the assumption that Salant stock would trade at price-earnings ratios similar to those of such competitors as Liz Claiborne.
The astronauts aboard the space shuttle Discovery today photographed the Great Lakes region and Somalia with a military camera system that provides target locations.
Mr. Corvino said the hospital did not discriminate against its employees, and a spokeswoman, Mimi Grady, said, "We can very emphatically say that this is not about AIDS patients or a physician's sexual preference."
Some say the Jefferson Street building, although 93 percent occupied, was so costly to build it could never become profitable, given the prevailing rent levels.
That measure would revoke the 1990 budget agreement.
Busloads of Operation Rescue volunteers, many from around the country, left the headquarters as the clinics opened.
After dinner we walked to beaver dams and sat for an hour watching these creatures felling tree branches and dragging them across the network of swampy ponds.
It distributes to only 130 of the 750 soup kitchens, food pantries and other distribution groups in the city.
The United Arab Emirates and Indonesia joined OPEC's drive for quick cutbacks in oil production to try to halt the slide in crude prices.
Quicktime enables the Macintosh user to "cut and paste" those new data forms in a document just as one would insert a paragraph of text or a scanned photograph.
As the debt on some of those mortgages mature, the company must find a way of refinancing hundreds of millions of dollars in mortgages.
In emulating the flat, all-over patterns of Indian painted and carved work, they sought to eliminate the last vestiges of spatial illusionism from Cubism and to create an American art independent of European sources.
David Eckstein, the synagogue treasurer, says people were told to ignore Mr. Friedman, but "one couldn't absorb that and threw him out."
This month, the 24-year-old immigrant was dead, killed by a group of white teen-agers on a South London street.
The 1991 law, which President Bush signed reluctantly after a two-year standoff with Congress, overturned eight Supreme Court decisions that had restricted the scope of Federal civil rights laws.
ALONG with high prices, drugs and laundered money, the excessive 80's brought genuine tabloid scandal to the New York art world.
To date, American pilots have flown over 1,400 flights, delivering over 17,000 tons of food aid.
On the empty beach another three miles to Calheta, the westernmost end of the island, I climbed the hill to the Miradouro das Flores lookout point.
The Reds won their third straight by sending eight batters to the plate in the seventh against Mark Clark and Cris Carpenter (3-3), who failed to hold a 4-0 lead.
Robert Loggia Emmanuel Bergman .
But all of them bring to the work the oddly selfless strength of presence that good dance performers have.
But as the South Bronx has changed over the years, so has Cardinal Hayes -- indeed, so have virtually all of New York's inner-city Catholic schools.
The score of "Beatus Vir" by the Polish composer Henryk Mikoyaj Gorecki asks that the music begin with great passion and tension, verging on aggression.
While other radio stations in Cleveland are occupied with college football, WCCD, a Christian station, is broadcasting "The Hal Lindsey Weekend Review."
Sunrise Technologies rose 1 3/4, to 14 3/4, after it said the United States Food and Drug Administration had cleared its Holium laser product for surgery.
Colonel Gritz's group failed to turn up any evidence of P.O.W.
"You learn to keep away from those and go for something like real estate," said Peter Turer, who decided to do something positive with his insomnia.
Last fall, says Mr. Finn, when Mark Lamos, the artistic director of the nonprofit Hartford Stage, wanted to pair the plays, he asked Ms. Daniele to direct, not Mr. Lapine, because he wanted to see a new interpretation of the works.
Now Mr. Azzara is defending Charles Manson, Jeffrey Dahmer and other assorted criminals.
Since the mid-80's, the indie-rock sound has grown in popularity and been co-opted by the mainstream industry.
For a moment, Martha E. seems far from the cushioned chair and calm office where she speaks.
Now we can set our own mark here in the Rockies."
Monday Night Blues Atlanta entered having gone 12 years since it won a Monday night game and with a record of 5-12 in these affairs.
Rather than wring his hands, the Republican, whose campaign spending had more or less equaled that of his adversary, reached into his pockets and heavily outspent his opponent in the closing weeks of the campaign.
At Scott's, marmalade production in 1991 was 40 million jars, for Britain and for export.
"I've done one thing in my life," Mr. Diller said.
"Hey, it's not like I'm working with a Kevin Elster or Bill Pecota, people who don't know themselves as hitters.
Chappaqua, N.Y. 400,000 25 Hardscrabble Hill 4-bedroom, 2 1/2-bath, 27-year-old colonial; eat-in kitchen, family room, dining room; taxes $6,925.
But today, dressed in a dapper white suit and a pinstriped shirt, he greeted his former enemies as friendly competitors and welcomed them to the first Ho Chi Minh City International Marathon.
Inspector Henri Castang uses his teen-age daughter as bait to trap a member of the French Academy suspected of being a child molester.
Stocks were battered in both Japan and Europe.
"I can understand why the President would think I'm Bill Clinton, or Bill Clinton is me.
A provincial capital fell Tuesday, and reports said President Najibullah might have gone into hiding.
Jonathan Hayes, Kansas City's starting tight end, also suffered a hand injury during the Friday morning workout.
Mr. Nozaka dramatized this by leading a march of Communist-inclined Japanese across north China, starting with 200 from Yenan and picking up hundreds more along the way until, arriving at the coast, they demanded immediate repatriation to Japan from the Americans.
C9 Editorials/Op-Ed A18-19 Editorials Only only answer deep.
It is back to the satellite tours for him.
"I have received no acknowledgement from your office of this request," Mr. Green said, adding that despite a number of telephone coversations with Justice Department officials and assurances that some response "is in the works, nothing has materialized to date."
Professor Sclar sees ominous signs in what he regards as the abandonment of the cities, both literally and in the American imagination.
"This law is unreasonably restrictive for franchisers and hurts franchisees, the very people it was intended to protect, in many respects, not to mention its unconstitutionality," said Ed Rensi, president and chief executive of McDonald's U.S.A.
For the second straight game, Kenny Anderson was the game's high scorer tonight, getting 29 points and adding 10 assists for the Nets in a 125-122 overtime loss to the Philadelphia 76ers on the second night of the Doral Arrowwood New York Summer League tournament at the Westchester Country Club.
We hope it will put Barcelona on the map."
These mighty oaks are also besieged by voracious squirrels who eat acorns before they can germinate.
Year by year, more women were willing to face such invective and challenge the odds against them.
His father is the chief of the immunology laboratory at the National Institute of Allergy and Infectious Diseases in Bethesda, Md.
The night isn't going well for a handsome young cabby from the Ivory Coast (Isaach de Bankole).
"At this point we believe we acted properly," the McDonnell spokesman said.
FROM the Roman Catholic chapel in the Bergen Mall in Paramus, N.J., to O'Malley's Pub in Queens, from the bathrooms at Star Multicare Services in downtown (Democratic) Brooklyn, to the counter at the Sweet Shop in (Republican) Oyster Bay, L.I., there is a fever about this election, a mix of fear, excitement and tension unmatched in years.
The structure, built of bricks made on the site with Croton Point clay, is to become a museum.
At three separate points the defenders had to refrain from playing a crucial king.
"Half-and-Half in coffee feels like it's coating my teeth," he said.
At the more popular parks, it is too late to reserve a campground or lodging within the park, though accommodations may still be available not far from the park's gates, he said.
WHERE TO FIND LP RECORDINGS, OR HOW TO LIVE FULLY IN A CD WORLD The path to a desired LP can take you from oldies emporiums to catalogues to magazines.
Mr. O'Day's and Miss Podcasy's appearances on Saturday night (they also performed on Friday) had a more specific purpose.
The proponents of reopening believe they have added ammunition in the flurry of free-agent signings the past week, especially the series of four-year contracts given to pitchers.
Successful Brown Delegate Trick: Shortly before Mr. Clinton's speech was to begin, news swept through Brown delegates that Mr. Clinton did not have a mention of AIDS or homosexuals in his speech.
He also said he did not believe police anger at Mr. Dinkins was racially oriented.
"My parents never really told me about who we are and where we came from.
Meanwhile, poor Irmy, who has run away from the circus, is befriended by a philosophical prostitute (Lily Tomlin) and taken back to the brothel for a good hot meal.
Her career, however, offers little of the background needed for effective service.
He's due to start his new picture but is hopelessly blocked.
Peter E. Stangl is the president of the Metropolitan Transportation Authority, the Transit Authority's parent agency.
infection often occur, typically a fungus infection of the mouth or other mucous membrane.
The Secretary of Health and Human Services, Dr. Louis W. Sullivan, whose agency would have run the program jointly with the Veterans Affairs Department, said he was disappointed by the outcome.
Mr. Johns's 1972 "Untitled," with its own wax body parts, and his later "Perilous Night" and "In the Studio," with their spotted, severed arms, seem apropos.
A12 Second thoughts on Somali operation from some in Congress.
The 104th Street building, which Mr. Jeffries and Daniel Brodsky developed, has 11 stories and 56 apartments.
Miss Havoc's daughter, April, lives in France, where she is a translator, having "done the family thing, running off at an early age and marrying," in this case, a Frenchman.
Bigotry and resentment undervalue the contributions of those who succeed and underestimate the needs of those who, like many Americans, struggle to succeed.
But for a moment there it seems as if he is about to break into Expressionism.
She had been a publishing consultant.
Carmen Bianco, assistant vice president in the Transit Authority's office of systems safety, said that a full investigation had begun into the evacuation procedures, which some passengers complained were slow.
My dad felt that a $20 bill was the perfect amount of money to be either life or death to somebody, or to be a tip.
These surveys consistently put the opposition Labor Party ahead of the governing Likud, but without any guarantee of sufficient strength to stitch together a workable coalition with small left-wing and religious parties.
The full House plans to vote on the measure next week, and Senate action is also expected soon.
's second-half rally tonight to hand the second-ranked Bruins their first loss of the season, 86-82.
And that doesn't bode well for American exports.
"I realize, Mr. Speaker, that I am terminating my political career, but I cannot in good conscience sit here and allow my vote to be the one that defeats this bill," he declared.
THE SECURITY COUNCIL, UNDERLINING once again the imperative need for an urgent negotiated political solution to the situation in Bosnia-Herzegovina, RECOGNIZING that the provision of humanitarian assistance in Bosnia-Herzegovina is an important element in the Council's effort to restore international peace and security in the area, COMMENDING the United Nations Protection Force (UNPROFOR) for its continuing action in support of the relief operation in Sarajevo and other parts of Bosnia-Herzegovina, DEEPLY DISTURBED by the situation that now prevails in Sarajevo, which has severely complicated UNPROFOR's efforts to fulfill its mandate to insure the security and functioning of Sarajevo Airport and the delivery of humanitarian assistance in Sarajevo and other parts of Bosnia-Herzegovina pursuant to resolutions 743, 749, 761, and 764, and the reports of the Secretary General cited therein, DISMAYED by the continuation of conditions that impede the delivery of humanitarian supplies to destinations within Bosnia-Herzegovina and the consequent suffering of the people of that country, DEEPLY CONCERNED by reports of abuses against civilians imprisoned in camps, prisons, and detention centers, DETERMINED to establish as soon as possible the necessary conditions for the delivery of humanitarian assistance wherever needed in Bosnia-Herzegovina, in conformity with the mandate given by resolution 764 of 13 July 1992, ACTING under Chapter VII of the Charter of the United Nations, 1.
It could have been a coincidence, he said, or they may have been linked in ways that scientists do not understand.
Few children would hesitate to help in such a situation if able to do so.
Ms. Braudy has chosen to devote a decade to investigating a group of rich, careless, boring people who spent their days going to horse races and their nights at dinner parties, drinking, squabbling and staggering into bed with one another's spouses.
And the defense's most dramatic testimony came from Mrs. Yager and her 22-year-old daughter, Michelle Jones, who said she was repeatedly sexually abused by her father, Mrs. Yager's first husband, Roger Lee Jones.
One of the two issues of 10-year real estate participation bonds was based on the Chicago Mercantile Exchange building, and the other on an office tower at 1301 Avenue of the Americas in New York City, Nomura said.
"If you don't have to get to work that early, you've got a problem."
A young lawyer learns that his firm is engaged in secret, possibly illegal activities.
Out of this fairly conventional material, Mr. Cheever shapes a story that is both touchingly sad and makes you laugh out loud every dozen pages.
"It's been harder than I thought it would be," Byrd said.
As in all ground wars, success largely turns on the training of troops.
But in Japan, Nintendo is a name as old as some of Kyoto's majestic wooden temples.
"Like a marriage, you have to reinvent a collaboration sometimes, say things you haven't said."
Goodyear, the largest American tire company, said the expansion reflected growth of the market for its Wrangler light-truck tires.
The word stems from a Latin term for purification ritual.
We can pretend the demographics are the same and kill some people and make others miserable, or we can move forward."
The case involves charges against Christopher P. Drogoul, a banker accused of extending billions of dollars in loans and credits to Iraq from the Atlanta branch of a Rome-based bank, the Banca Nazionale del Lavoro, in violation of the bank's regulations.
Du Pont has agreed to exchange its acrylic business for Imperial Chemical's nylon fiber unit.
Germany, another large exporter of steel to the United States, is included but is accused only of modest subsidies.
Mr. Gallagher's testimony was the last piece of evidence the jurors heard read back before they voted to acquit Miss Riner Tuesday night.
There is concern that as Connecticut becomes home to regional offices, rather than headquarters offices, the state will suffer.
Mrs. Hoving was the musical leader of the Pickens Sisters, a trio born on a Georgia plantation that reached national stardom in the 1930's with its own radio show, concert tours and records.
The Historical Society is at 1 Elizabeth Street.
So Israelis now keep especially close watch on the U.S. elections even as their own June 23 day of reckoning approaches.
A ruby finial would perch on the hats of nobles and top officials.
I don't want the play restricted to an audience with disposable income.
spokesman, when Mr. Smale took charge of the committee -- removing Mr. Stempel -- and the committee's focus shifted to advising the company's management.
His company had sales of about $50 million last year, down from a peak of $98 million two years ago, and has sold half a million units since it opened in 1978.
Addressing his own followers, Mr. Mandela said he understood the thirst for vengeance but implored them to show tolerance.
China sometimes has described its relationship with the North by saying it is "as close as lips and teeth."
In recent years it has persuaded many banks to adopt more lenient standards for loans to low-income and minority home buyers, often threatening to protest banks' applications for mergers or acquisitions.
'Boom and Bust Syndrome' Martin Brochstein, senior editor of Television Digest, an industry newsletter, said, "Newmark & Lewis is indicative of the boom and bust syndrome in the consumer electronics business."
I made a few purchases; we chatted as I waited on line with her.
Assuming you can make cases for negligence or fraud, Mr. Estis said, you must also decide if the expense of litigation would be worthwhile.
Whatever the inspiration, the gesture made Coughlin frown.
At Last, a Question At one end of the bench, Justice David H. Souter stared intently at Ms. Kolbert.
Here's a man who can give an appreciative once-over to a well-built female corpse, and whose idea of a romantic evening is two hookers, slow dance music and a blood alcohol level that would fell a horse.
Last year Jackson led the Bills with three interceptions.
total to 1,700, both tops among active players.
Still, one reason the rest of the field looked so weak was because Mr. Clinton out-planned, out-organized and out-campaigned them.
"But I will not consider myself an Albanian because I'm not about to walk down the street and get beat up."
People with the disorders, which can sometimes be permanent, can find themselves unemployable or forced to change careers.
The only true and valid way to end the inexcusable and wasteful genetic problems Mr.
It's a mutual admiration society of the first order.
Sometimes it is traceable to over-fertilization, sometimes excess moisture.
"I'm supposed to be happy because my cervix is normal?
"They were also willing to pay more than the domestic buyer because they took a much longer view and had access to cheaper financing," added Mr. Barth.
From Albuquerque the first village you hit (a few houses, really) is Golden, site of the first gold rush west of the Mississippi in 1825.
Will the next great banking crisis come not from the things on banks' balance sheets -- the bad loans -- but from the things not on them, the arcane financial innovations that show up in bank financial reports deep in the fine print?
The lack of unemployment is concealing an array of other problems, many experts are saying.
For his part, Mr. Tsongas seemed to take pride in not always following the script of his advisers.
The 50,000 blacks who followed Nelson Mandela to the Union Buildings in Pretoria, South Africa, last week had no immediate intention of toppling the Government at work inside.
The following year, the company conducted a national audience survey and, after extensive talks with presenters of its national tour engagements, formed the task force.
WELFARE CUTS ARE ASSAILED A Connecticut legislative committee was battered for hour after hour by tales of misery, frustration and anger over a series of sweeping cuts in welfare spending that were proposed last month by Governor Weicker.
Many lawyers say that the courts and regulatory authorities have tended to side with tenants unless the damage was clearly due to a tenant's blatant or repeated abuse of the premises.
On board is the novel's hero, the scholarly young doctor.
Choice for Weiss In Manhattan, Representative Ted Weiss of the West Side, with a safe seat under the Federal plan, would have to take on the East Side Republican Bill Green under the state plan, or face his fellow Democrat, Stephen J. Solarz of Brooklyn, in a primary.
*3*** COMPANY REPORTS ** View Full Article in Timesmachine »
Waters, who, 10 years before, had hung around her shop just to get a glimpse of her but never had the courage to introduce herself.
Her father is a senior vice president and a creative director at Ally & Gargano Advertising in New York.
THE ECONOMY Waiting for France There is Europe and there is France and the question now for Carla A.
From their perspective, the President's sabre-rattling in the Middle East, including the current military exercises in the Persian Gulf, are other foretastes of what Mr. Bush might be willing to do to win in November, although he and his aides of course deny that he is manipulating foreign policy for political ends.
Government could impose price controls on doctors and hospitals -- an option Mr. Clinton rightly rejects.
The Jewish Defense Organization keeps more at arm's length from Rabbi Kahane's legacy.
The envelope, of course, can be decorated in any way, which teachers might use as a tool to teach history to younger children.
165,000, 3 Fairfield Road 4-bedroom, 1 1/2-bath, 42-year-old Cape Cod; eat-in kitchen, dining area, 1-car attached garage; 60- by 100-foot lot; taxes $3,000.
The board, whose position is also advisory, turned down the project 35 to 1 after a series of hearings in which sentiment leaned against it.
A police spokesman, Eugene Opperman, said three unidentified men raked the Daveyton railway station about 20 miles east of Johannesburg with machine-gun fire, killing five people and wounding 18.
"They'd gladly pay for what we do for nothing."
The race also includes State Attorney General Robert Abrams and Representative Bob Mrazek of Long Island, both of whom have received high ratings from women's groups, as well as the Rev.
"It's fantastic," said Robert G. Friedman, the president of worldwide advertising and publicity at Warner Brothers.
Private colleges have become the bastion of the very rich or the financially aided.
Anderson, which will remain autonomous, brings in Canadian account billings estimated at $30 million (United States).
She wondered if she might produce a television program on his Fox network.
The water rides and crystal-clear swimming pools were officially closed when the 200 tourism officials descended on the grounds.
His fastball since surgery is not yet where he wants it, and so the requirement that he be sharp is all the more unforgiving.
More New Jersey chapters are in the works.
This reticence, which seems to go well beyond the usual reluctance of religious groups to air their problems in public, may appear at odds with the fact that Christian Science has always attracted articulate middle-class members of more than average education and has encouraged civic-mindedness.
Emphasize preventative care, "acupuncture, chiropractic and wellness programs."
At one point, Mrs. Hallisey said, several jurors prayed with Ms. Cooper in hopes of bringing her around.
IF the men's downhill is the jewel of the Winter Olympics, the setting was more dazzling than the diamond.
Here the old prestidigitator makes no attempt at adapting a single play but, helping himself to portions of "Richard II," "Henry IV" (Parts I and II), "Henry V" and "The Merry Wives of Windsor," creates his own eulogy to the splendor that is Falstaff's.
"There's very little new in these charges," Mr. Monroe said.
The city's budget crunch is killing the Brooklyn library system.
"Singing was something I'd never had to think about," she says.
Mr. Togo helped motivate Toyota's sales force to rapid success by energizing sales rallies with his trademark slogan, "Sell, sell, sell like hell," and handing out bonus checks, which became known as "Togo bucks," to the sales staff.
"Ah, I lost a bet to Tim Brown," said Marinovich, glum that his alma mater, Southern California, recently fell flat to his buddy Brown's Fighting Irish.
His strong presence and gestural austerity made this scene powerful.
"We think Yosemite can be run profitably, and we are looking to putting in our bid," he said, adding that for his environmentally minded investors "return on investment is not the key thing driving us."
Mr. Ginsberg, 29, graduated from Union College in Schenectady, N.Y., and received a law degree from the University of Chicago.
All this is true, but little of it was apparant in Game 1, which Pittsburgh won by 5-4 after erasing a three-goal deficit.
Trading on the Big Board barely lifted its index to 228.87, up 0.08 point.
But when Barry Bluestone decided to go South to join the struggle for civil rights, his parents gave him their car.
Last week, the cosmetics company said it had tapped its manufacturing plant in Alcala de Henares, Spain, for closure, to remove some of the excess production capacity in its European operations.
The Government and industry have to find a way to move from their military orientation without impoverishing the productive research establishment of the United States.
Government and opposition leaders made progress on important procedural disputes.
Bill Clinton of Arkansas to the Democratic National Convention last night accepting the party's Presidential nomination, as transcribed by The New York Times.
At one point, Mr. Ford asked Mr. Grant about a statement he made to detectives on April 14, 1989, about six weeks after the incident, in which he said that he saw the young woman's brassiere being lifted up in the basement.
He lives with a woman who earns $6.25 as a cook at the Peabody Hotel.
The company is in the preliminary review phase in the Department of City Planning on a proposal to build two 15,000-square-foot television studios plus support space behind the existing studio, which is at 320 West 66th Street.
Mr. Alston, who prosecutors say actually pulled the trigger, also faces weapons possession charges.
He said, "Mr. Kemp, I got them from the 1980 Republican platform of Ronald Reagan and George Bush."
"We can just concentrate on that."
Among his victims, he said, was a dazed 14-year-old Laotian boy whom he strangled at his apartment here only moments after three police officers had allowed the boy to remain in his care.
Steinbrenner Preaches Patience Now, with American athletes benefiting from more money, as well as better coaching, more training facilities and improved equipment, optimistic Americans might expect a record take of five medals in speed skating, four in figure skating, three in skiing, one each in bobsled, luge, speed skating and maybe hockey, for a total of 16.
James A. Clark is a die-hard, a sort of groupie.
An outdoorsman and environmentalist, he joined a 1927 expedition to the last unexplored ice regions of the Canadian Rocky Mountains, scaling 12,000-foot peaks for topographical and geological surveys.
The current champion, Gary Kasparov, has dismissed the new Fischer-Spassky encounter as a crassly commercial matching of two has-beens.
Ms. Thigpen's desperate efforts to elicit a connection with this stranger, if only in the form of his rote repetition of her name, are rending, and Mr. David's drunkenly vague jealousy of the innocent intruder has an enigmatic complexity his major arias do not.
Frazier has been a harsh critic of his former team, and not just on the air.
Quoting From Ads The new commercials were shot by Doak, Shrum, Harris, Sherman & Donilon, a media consulting firm that Mr. Kerrey, after much agonizing, hired to replace Mr. Rothstein.
They reap substantial financial and personal benefits, they say, but make their share of sacrifices as well -- especially if, like the Friedhoffs, they decide to take on the work of repair and rehabilitation themselves.
Dr. Royston and his colleague, Dr. Robert Sobol, plan to inject the woman with her own cells that have been altered to contain a gene for interleukin 2, a protein the scientists believe is crucial for attracting added quantities of the immune system's T cells.
Two American ships, the Princeton, a $1 billion air defense cruiser, and the Tripoli, flagship of the American mine-clearing effort, were struck and seriously damaged by mines during the war.
B15 Obituaries D16 Eric Sevareid, news commentator Editorials/Op-Ed A28-29 Editorials A28 A torch passes in Little Rock.
Vanbiesbrouck and Richter had been rotating until then, but, after that, Vanbiesbrouck clearly became No.
Israel is sensitive to Jewish suffering, yet for some to deny others an artistic experience integral to the Western tradition is wrong.
Investigators have no suspects, said Regina Vanover of the Osceola County sheriff's office.
Mr. D'Amato dismissed the allegations as a last-minute campaign smear.
A 28-yard field goal by B. Teal gave Columbia a 12-3 halftime lead.
The contracts, which could spell labor peace or war in the city's newspaper industry for years to come, would also make it easier for drivers to advance to positions that guarantee more hours and would maintain standard grievance procedures for drivers who have complaints about working conditions.
"You don't want Donnie to ever know you gave us a statement because you're afraid of what he might do to you or your loved ones."
"I would have, but I was behind the table.
Warning to the industry: Your news releases can be hazardous if you believe them.
So Dave Anderson's concern for Michael Jordan's psychological, as well as financial, well-being ("Jordan Can't Slam Dunk Golf Balls," The Times, March 24), is duly noted.
When Gil Stein returns to work tomorrow morning, the National Hockey League president will hold a disciplinary hearing that may turn a harsh light on his philosophy of crime and punishment for his kinder, gentler league.
FROM YEARS PAST Teen-Agers Select Tapes Families Will Find Valuable For their book "The Family Video Guide," Terry and Catherine Catchpole asked their teen-age sons to name favorite movies they'd watched since early childhood.
The last casualty of the cold war, its loss obscured by the real heroes as well as by the mock-heroics of the actor-politicians going through their repertory, was that unspectacular and much mentioned agency, democracy."
He explained that local commissions would not allow events of such magnitude to be kept off free television.
Terms of the sale call for Gannett to exchange $100 million in stock and assume certain liabilities of Persis.
The museum, at 19 Piazza Museo, is open daily from 9 A.M. to 2 P.M.
"Last year we reduced the oil so that only 30 percent of the calories in Prego sauces come from fat," said Marsha Cade, the director of corporate communications for Campbell.
"I thought they would get nervous when we got close, but they handled it real well," Cain said.
And that's an odd feeling, because there's no fence, and you know that after he gets tired of chasing marmots he's going to move in some other direction, which could be yours."
"It's a March-to-November garden," Mr. Mason said of the two-acre site.
"But lately I'm seeing less and less of them and seeing new faces every day."
First the Good News In economics, all blessings are mixed.
"This is the stuff that happens when markets get slow and guys aren't busy enough," a spokesman, Dale Carlson, said.
Congress did pass important energy, transportation and health legislation that Mr. Bush signed or will sign.
One exhibit contains a shirt, eyeglass case and speech notes, all with bullet holes from an assassination attempt in 1912.
Ms. Morganstern, who owns a travel agency with her father, said she had no desire to join Rotary when women were first admitted.
The dinner special menu, which has to be requested, offers soup; appetizer; main course, including half a Peking duck; dessert, and a glass of wine or soda.
* President Kennedy's view of Vietnam and Asia, September-November 1963: On Sept. 2, 1963, in an interview with Walter Cronkite: " .
The way the Bulls played defense tonight, they were not going to lose another 10-point lead late in the game, as they did late in Game 2.
Nobody condones flagrant, unnecessary fouling, the kind the Pistons made their trademark and the Knicks have practiced at times in this series.
Currently, weather forecasters get official wind information only twice daily.
Rodrigo de Triano lost nearly 40 pounds in the loss at Epsom, and while he gained back much of the weight in recent weeks, the colt clearly was not in the same form he had shown earlier in the year.
The failure of Lincoln is the most expensive savings and loan closing on record and has cost taxpayers more than $2 billion.
Dale Chihuly, a student in Mr. Littleton's postgraduate program at Wisconsin, continued his glass training in Venice.
Still, Mr. Buckley said, Mr. Buchanan's alleged anti-Semitic outbursts were probably motivated by "an iconoclastic temperament," rather than bigotry.
This was a re-entry job for me, to use the degree."
At the kiosk on 34th Street, a tourist from Boston dropped a quarter into the slot and stood in front of the open door, reluctant to walk in.
In his laboratory he has machines that dilute air for measurement purposes and complex chemical analyzers that track specific compounds.
Armed with a rigidly conservative philosophy and the talent to turn a phrase, Mr. Buchanan has in his writings been unafraid to state opinions in ways that his supporters say forthrightly articulates their values and his detractors consider just plain mean.
"My people are all over the war front," he said.
Xiong could not explain to him who he was.
Those battles typically wound up in court and the Wickes takeover was no exception.
It was the dollar's lowest closing in Tokyo since Dec. 9, 1988, when the currency finished at 122.43 yen.
At age 33, Blackman wants to play at least three more seasons.
b-After an extraordinary tax benefit of $ 40,000, or 3 cents a share, in the latest quarter and $ 30,000, or 2 cents a share, for the year-earlier period.
That did not deter the Greater New York Council of Boy Scouts of America from honoring Mr. Forger, the chairman of the New York law firm of Milbank, Tweed, Hadley & McCloy, with its Good Scout Award at its third annual lawyers' luncheon Wednesday at the Holiday Inn Crowne Plaza.
As a result, he said, he is seeking court orders to open the houses for inspection.
My plan balances the budget within six years.
It suggests that Earl Warren, the revered Chief Justice, was party to covering up a murderous conspiracy.
Over the last two years, the block between Burrard and Thurlow Streets has been transformed by such boutiques as Sapporo Canada and Saitoh, which offer expensive international designer clothes, furs, perfumes and gifts.
When he finally reaches the heart of the earthquake area, the film begins to explore the impact of the catastrophe on people's lives.
"So long as they do not demobilize and disarm," the party president, Armando Calderon Sol said, "they should not be allowed to be registered as a political party."
At a time when UConn has attained national renown largely through the recent success of its basketball team, the administration is determined to see that the players earn academic degrees.
He won the Illinois State Golden Gloves heavyweight championship (novice division) in 1937, but a fight with his manager soon ended that career.
"Even when we're not walking, I don't see as many of them around," said Mr. McBride, who works as a senior clerk in State Supreme Court in Queens.
But it could not be learned if Mr. Panic was willing to take the job.
Only a Stopgap Measure Still, the new loan, which was arranged by Robert S. Miller Jr., an investment banker and former Chrysler Corporation executive retained as a troubleshooter by the Reichmanns, guarantees only six more weeks of construction, in contrast to the three months the company initially sought.
Rison, the only receiver with 80 or more catches in each of the last three seasons, finished the day with 295 career receptions -- three more than Al Toon and Roger Craig had in their first four years in the league.
"They just know that the rigid adherence to a 'look' is not what they want.
Finally I decided that if I were going to get any satisfaction from this story, I should just write it the way I'd like to see it."
A pending lawsuit against the Glassboro State College board of trustees and the New Jersey Board of Higher Education has brought to light charges of violations of the state's Open Public Meetings Act by the college administration, in its haste to implement the name change during the quiet summer months of July and August.
There's even a new song, "Humbug," composed for the occasion by John Kander and Fred Ebb, whose songfest, "The World Goes Round," was co-conceived by Mr. Thompson and directed by Mr. Ellis.
The fund's loans to the Baltics would be handed out over the next 12 months to help them buy foreign goods.
Her 1983 "Woman," danced to music by Luciano Berio and performed on Tuesday night, is an examination of a woman's soul that proceeds from self-conscious expressions of the extremes of sadness and hilarity to a peeling of outer layers down to a far more natural self.
In the West, the rate rose to 8.6 from 8.1.
Mr. Kemp had urged Mr. Bush to be bolder in his economic proposals.
The United States funds have $10.5 billion in assets.
The advisories also said that the three Baltic states have established a reciprocal visa policy under which a valid visa for any of the three will be accepted for admission to all.
"Don't look at these data and say that everyone is in good shape," he said in reply to a question, "because clearly they are not."
"If we keep playing like that, we're going to do all right.
'Why do schools remain segregated nearly 40 years after the Brown decision?
Dr. Davis advanced the hypothesis that the Zuni Indians of New Mexico were distinctive in language, culture and biology, compared with other Indians, partly because they may have come in contact with Japanese in the 13th century.
"So he is going to be sure to provide enough stimulus, so as the economy improves he can claim credit," he said.
By the finale nothing is as it had seemed, except that the ending is -- and was from the beginning -- completely predictable.
"I was looking to buy a roller coaster," he said.
Does this show beat sitting alone on the porch in a rocking chair?
As a transplanted New Yorker (aren't we all down here?)
For the inexperienced shopper, many reputable quilt shops offer honest and helpful advice on how to judge the quality and complexity of the goods they sell.
"My nagging suspicion is that Monday we'll probably see a rally."
The Russians allege that one such plane and the "intruder" that eventually turned out to be the doomed airliner "came so close to each other that their blips merged on the radar scopes and were monitored together for about 10 minutes."
"I still remember the contents of the letter I sent to over 30 of them.
Mario M. Cuomo and the Democratic-led Assembly.
Mr. Botha has held talks with Mr. Dos Santos at the presidential residence on the outskirts of Luanda and with Mr. Savimbi in Huambo.
Delivering on those promises will be much harder than delivering the speech.
"We don't have a lot of water here," said Aaron Westergaard of H & M Powles Marine Agency, a fishing station at the head of the harbor.
"To take the Queens express bus on Sixth Avenue and 42d Street," we told him.
Awaiting Test Results A national introduction is planned for next spring if consumers in Tulsa and Omaha show a preference for Doritos Tortilla Thins.
"The increase in the supply of those bonds is one reason why the spreads have narrowed."
The museum, at 3801 Broadway, (210) 829-7262, is open Monday through Saturday, 10 A.M. to 5 P.M., Sunday noon to 5 P.M.
said, is that the tests unfairly bar from competition people who have defects of the sex chromosomes.
On Jan. 1, HSBC will move its headquarters to London, where Mr.
The pair sit in the reference section.
He said the question of the arms treaty "is not agreed totally," although "we've made some real progress."
The Word is being spread, and the Olympics is the facilitator.
"The big barrier has been 80 feet," Deal said.
One final historical note: Of the eight teams that lost two or more World Series in a row, all but one were New York teams or the derivative of a New York team.
The change was one of the few that was made in the final speech, according to a Chinese journalist.
Move Called Long Overdue Some consumer advocates said the reduced fees were long overdue.
Along with the presence of Mark Messier, goaltending was what made the Rangers the favorites before the first game in the Stanley Cup playoffs.
He leaned down and he said to him, "What do you think?
Mr. Bush beat Michael S. Dukakis by only 95,000 votes in 1988, and since then things have got worse for the President.
About 200 campaign staff members have been asked to forgo their paychecks next week.
GEORGE BUSH President Washington, July 31, 1992
"Everyone is running away," one woman told a reporter for Reuters in the nearby Serbian town of Ljubovija.
Mr. Galantucci also challenged her testimony that Mr. Pannell's hands were raised above his head, contending that she told a grand jury in June 1990 that his hands were raised only shoulder high.
Walters said Washington received no money for her appearance.
Over the last four years, New York City has lost about 300,000 jobs.
Mr. Wymer ran Institutional Treasury Management, which specialized in trading government securities for the accounts of small cities and government agencies.
The group also includes Igor Buttman on tenor saxophone and the drummer Dennis Mackrel, a veteran of Count Basie's orchestra.
This view was cited by the Bush Administration in announcing its policy on genetically engineered foods.
To that Lewis said, grinning: "We're going to find out, aren't we?"
"Duo Concertant," created by Balanchine for the City Ballet's 1972 Stravinsky Festival, makes demands of a very different sort.
Three other novices were reported missing and feared dead.
Jasmine Guy ("A Different World") is the gentle, romantic Alice, something of an eternal victim.
The American depository receipts of British Airways gained 3 5/8, to 55 3/4, after the company announced solid earnings for the first quarter..
That plan presumably offered a measure of reassurance to the armed forces, which have been disoriented and demoralized by the collapse of the Soviet Union and a radical drop in military spending.
"The crew can survive comfortably until the boat reaches them."
Ms. Sheldon's final number, "Santa Claus Is Coming to Town," was greeted with enthusiastic applause, a response more familiar in the subways than anywhere else, she said, adding, "They sometimes listen more down there than at some of the affairs where people are eating and drinking."
With a median household income of $23,435 in 1991, it ranked 48th among the 50 states, trailed by West Virginia and Mississippi.
Why does this guy grab onto this cake?
25 Homicides About 80 to 85 percent of subway crimes are robbery and grand larceny, according to Lieutenant Valentino.
Mr. Perot also agreed today to be interviewed on Thursday by the ABC News correspondent Sam Donaldson for "Prime Time Live."
The executives agree, though, that today's greatest bargains, including round-trip trans-Atlantic fares recently below $400, will vanish.
Her father is the vice president of government relations at the American Electric Power Corporation in Washington.
I think I know how the organization works.
To be broadcast Aug. 12, the nationally syndicated live special will, says its executive producer, Mel Bergman, "explore Monroe's murder and present evidence on why her case should be reopened."
Mr. Burrell seems rather glum to be a persuasive romantic hero, but the three actresses (Sue Kenny and T. Cat Ford as the wives, Kimberly Topper as Mr. Burrell's daughter) inject a certain lightness and amiability.
The experiment was designed to see whether laser signals carrying navigational data can be acquired in space.
-- Mrs. Foley unwittingly helped to touch off an affair that started with partisan name-calling and led to humiliation for many lawmakers.
"But you'll see more younger writers, and she'll make it appeal to a younger audience, which is where its subscription growth has to come from."
Her stepfather is the president and chief executive of the Donna Karan Company, the clothing manufacturer in New York.
Sunscreen is an absolute necessity, and No.
But at its 1992 low, gold was at a level not seen since 1986.
Most of the executives, bankers and inventors chose their offices or living rooms.
The tables groan with food, and red wine flows liberally to the strains of a concertina.
The Palestinians had strongly hinted that a Security Council criticism might lead the Arabs back to the table, and the Bush Administration's vote today was clearly aimed at coaxing the Arabs back.
Although Mrs. Anthony's three grown children had tried for years to persuade her to move, she had remained steadfast.
Has the Administration's presentation perhaps caused these Justices to re-examine their own premises, to confront, in light of aggressive legal argument, the logical consequences of ideas that sounded appealing in theory but suddenly look troubling in the context of real cases with implications for real people?
The implications for Republicans were less clear.
"She never verbalized anything about the sexual incident itself," she replied.
"Mr. Nichols says it is not unusual for him to continue giving the actors notes after a show opens," the spokesman says.
So he stood in line, at a pay phone.
I remind you this evening that I have asked for your support in funding a program to protect our country from limited nuclear missile attack.
Some police officer facing imminent danger somewhere else in our city will hear this and think that's the case.
More than 40 states label such laws Crime Victims Bill of Rights.
Kabakov's paintings are frequently simple white canvases with some small object and a sentence or two written in the Cyrillic script of a billboard.
Leaving eagerly for the land of the free and the home of the brave, our heroes initially end up in Trinidad, but that's to be expected.
By the end, only 55 runners finished.
These essays recount her struggle to reconcile her religious faith with her identity as a feminist.
Such a package, the adviser said, "would have to be wrapped in a legislative deal that would insure that once the economy is back on track the budget would get cut by an equal amount."
There are the Greek-style friezes of athletes in action on the facade, and life-size plaster statues of mountain bikers are suspended from wires in the three-story atrium.
Carol Maynard, a friend of the bride who is now a police sergeant in Florida, sat with her husband, also a police officer.
A Dangerous Combination Champagne, whose real name is William Leon, describes himself as an ex-drug addict, pimp, welder and electronics salesman who is H.I.V.-infected and who fell ill with TB two months ago.
Corinth's skill as a graphic artist is also clear in the several sets of illustrations for historical and religious texts included in the show.
"Once again, the Administration's practice of government-by-veto has foisted a flawed and irresponsible policy on the nation," he said.
"It's a moral duty, being able to help out," Mr. Haas said.
112 Tatou ** American, (212) 753-1144 151 East 50th Street Smart combination of compelling food and live entertainment in an attractive former cabaret.
He played for just about every Little League and sandlot team there was in Memphis.
"The only solution for Hindus is a holy war!"
Lang, who is 25 and 6-foot-11, is not much of a scoring threat at center, but he blocks shots and rebounds well.
"The public should not be unduly frightened by a very preliminary report," she said.
Charles Rosekrans will conduct the orchestra, and several young soloists, among them James Dietsch and Eugenie Grunewald of the New York City Opera, will sing.
Ms. Harrisburg, 29 years old, is an institutional saleswoman in New York for the Delaware Bay Company, an investment banking concern.
Rabbi Korzenik is correct that marital patterns are very different in an open society such as ours.
"The hatred is passed on in the villages from generation to generation," said Radovan Karadjic, leader of Bosnia's ethnic Serbs.
While telephone companies savor the new prospects for making money, competitors argue that local phone companies have an unfair advantage in the retail market with their unparalleled access to customers.
Dixie Brass, the 3-year-old colt who dazzled New York racing by winning the Withers and Metropolitan miles in identical times of 1:333/5 last May, will undergo surgery next week for two fractured ankle bones and will race no more.
The Haitian Government admitted in a statement today that the assault had been carried out by members of the police force, a division of the Army.
The director, Tazewell Thompson, tries to dress up the more obvious moments by using Loy Arcenas's evocative black box of a set as a hallucinatory rather than realistic arena in which the yellow spotlight of a jazz club can also symbolize the gyrating blip on a hospital monitor.
The median means half of homes cost more and half less.
You've coached longer (four years) and won more games (153) than any other coach in the St. Louis Blues' 25 seasons, and you were named the National Hockey League coach of the year barely a year ago.
He was in charge of house operations at Carnegie Hall, from 1979 to 1983, and at Avery Fisher Hall.
"I am an optimist," he said, describing a venture to explore Mars, with the Moon as a take-off point.
"Why am I a star?"
The French, many of whom drink considerable amounts of alcohol daily, have one of the highest rates of liver cirrhosis, even among those who rarely drink enough at any one time to get drunk.
"The whole speech sounded like they were in the corner and they better watch out or they'll be ousted."
Net income is expected to grow 20 percent.
Companies that used to rent out an entire restaurant for an evening are having sandwiches or hors d'oeuvres brought in.
The phrase's origin, presuming there to be no earlier usage in Chinese literature, is in the Latin carpe diem .
Three years after what was the costliest storm in American history -- Hurricane Andrew, which struck South Florida and Louisiana last month, has since passed it -- South Carolina still is full of harsh reminders of Hugo's fury.
Because of his painstaking work mating species from all over the world, vincas now flower in every shade of pink, purple and orange.
Defense Secretary Dick Cheney said Wednesday that Vice Adm. Robert K. U. Kihune, assistant chief of naval operations for surface warfare, had been chosen for the training post, which is the Navy's largest on-shore command, in Pensacola, Fla.
Then, leaving the third and last lock of the trip, boaters may see a monstrous bright pink and blue edifice that looks like a Rube Goldberg contraption but is the Maritime Research Institute of Berlin's prestigious Technical University.
At least 2,200 people are known to have died in Bosnia and Herzegovina since Croats and Muslim Slavs, who together make up more than 60 percent of its 4.3 million people, voted in February to secede from the Yugoslav federation.
The slide steepened in the last month; copper last traded above $1.10 on Sept. 8 and has gone "virtually straight down" since then, said Stephen Platt of Dean Witter Reynolds Inc. in Chicago.
The paint can hide dangerous cracks.
"Time is stretching its debt payments and reducing its bank commitments by going into the long-term debt markets.
From Abigail Adams to Sarah Polk to Rosalynn Carter, numerous First Ladies have refused to play the I-don't-know-nothin'-about-makin'-policy role.
As Mr. Amato and other political leaders routinely assert, the nation is as "European" in its aspirations toward economic and political union as the most fervent supporters of the ideal.
'Lessen the Stigma' "It is absolutely essential that we never again draw lines in health care between the haves and the have nots," said Nancy Dubler, the director of the division of bioethics at Montefiore Medical Center in the Bronx and a main author of the report.
The two sides would negotiate the player's salary or have an arbitrator determine it, taking into consideration the amount of the player's disabled-list time.
The groom's stepfather, Barrington Boardman of Beaufort, retired as the vice chairman of North Castle Partners, an advertising agency in Greenwich, Conn.
I voted for Mr. Bush but have found it increasingly difficult to understand his political philosophy about the conduct of world affairs or where consistency and constancy exist.
Broil 4 minutes with the door partly open.
Mr. Mitterrand went even further: he called a national referendum to demonstrate France's strong support for the treaty.
To the Editor: The long-term genetic damage to cells from low-level alpha radiation, which you report in "British and U.S.
Foreign Ministry Faulted For the Japanese, of course, far more than just the islands is at stake.
The foreign ministers will also ask the European Community to refrain from trading with Haiti.
If only the 56.2 acres of dry land in the Trump property are counted, the floor-area ratio rises to 3.39.
"I always used to avoid driving in bad neighborhoods, but that doesn't seem to matter anymore," she said.
WITH an uncanny precision that perhaps comes from knowing that no one else is counting, New York City officials can at a moment's notice announce precisely how many gallons of water currently reside in their complex system of regional reservoirs.
A former social-services official who gained national prominence as "Father of the Year" in 1983 for adopting at least 35 handicapped or troubled children said yesterday that he was trying to negotiate a plea bargain in his sexual-abuse case.
Major's reminiscences of his childhood are curiously wooden and vague.
HERBERT M. HAZELKORN Glencoe, Ill., July 31, 1992
The recession explains much sourness.
Perhaps the largest regular mailer is the Federal Government, which issues 437 million checks a year.
He was one of 20 Manhattan physicians who in 1987 were asked by state health officials, concerned about cocaine addiction, to substitute nonaddictive painkillers.
8 National 16-33 FOR PEROT, A TRULY GOLDEN STATE In California, where both parties hold Presidential primaries little more than a week from now, the real winner looks like Ross Perot, on neither party's ballot.
Set aside to cool, then refrigerate until ready to use.
Mending vs. Fixing Ms. Martin said, "Action should not be delayed by consideration of controversial structural reforms this year."
We have not told the people exactly what we have achieved and what we are going to achieve in the 1990's.
In World War II, she served in India and China as an intelligence agent for the United States Office of Strategic Services, then became a correspondent in China for Life magazine.
"I am a man who has not lost his worker's conscience and honor," said Ivan Shakhtyor-Semyonov, of the city of Cheboksary in the Urals, in a letter to Sovetskaya Rossiya.
Though anti-Franco in their student days, the well-educated economists gradually infiltrated the public sector during the final years of his rule.)
The mission, which began on Thursday, is scheduled to be the longest shuttle flight so far and the longest manned American space flight since 1974, when three astronauts spent 84 days aboard the Skylab space laboratory.
I'm actually going to get my high school diploma, and it's only 25 years after everyone else got theirs.
Mr. Marino's position reflects naked partisanship and ignores his constituents.
She said absences for Christmas and Hanukkah might account for some of the ligher traffic.
In addition to Mr. Biangwa-Mbuguje, the indictment names two retired Egyptian military officials, an American adviser to the Ugandan Government and a New York arms dealer who pledged to insure the weapons.
We saw films like Andy Warhol's 'Chelsea Girls,' Robert Downey's 'Putney Swope,' a lot of weird stuff mixed in with old Buster Crabbe 'Flash Gordon' serials."
The process of moving from Marxism to a market economy would seem on the face of it mystifying, but Mr. Odling-Smee says the fund has acquired a great deal of expertise in this area.
"I really really want to work.
Trans World Airlines pilots and flight attendants voted overwhelmingly to support 15 percent pay and benefit cuts in return for an ownership stake in the airline.
I've been a professional computer programmer for 25 years.
They will need to start by getting the assessment history for the building from 1981 to the present from its borough assessment office.
On many nights this summer, more than a hundred families have had to sleep on chairs or floors in city offices for lack of other shelter space.
Some claimed to have seen policemen participating in the murder.
The officer suffered a sprained ankle but no one else was hurt.
As costs drop, we will phase in guaranteed universal access -- through employer or public programs -- to basic medical coverage.
"The desire for a darker roast comes from people who have rejected supermarket coffee, and more and more coffee drinkers are doing just that."
"Even though there are a lot of couples facing the same problem," she said, uttering the words of many a frustrated working mother, "people are pretty much stuck on the idea that individual families have to find their own solutions to this.
The Bally Manufacturing Corporation, in default on $107.2 million of consolidated debt for failure to pay $19 million in interest last month, said in an S.E.C.
ACTOR Warren Beatty (Bugsy) Robert De Niro (Cape Fear) Anthony Hopkins (The Silence of the Lambs) Nick Nolte (The Prince of Tides) Robin Williams (The Fisher King) ACTRESS Geena Davis (Thelma and Louise) Laura Dern (Rambling Rose) Jodie Foster (The Silence of the Lambs) Bette Midler (For the Boys) Susan Sarandon (Thelma and Louise) SUPPORTING ACTOR Tommy Lee Jones (J.F.K.)
Recommended dishes: Penne bolognese, buckwheat pasta with mixed vegetables, malfatti stuffed with ricotta and spinach, warm mozzarella and mushroom salad, halibut with rosemary, shrimp with basil and pine nuts, chicken milanese, veal chop, ricotta cheesecake, bittersweet chocolate tart, tiramisu.
Earlier, Mr. Perot bristled when anyone asked what his positions were.
Still, that episode scored the show's highest rating of the season -- meaning the advertisers who replaced the dropouts received an unexpected bonus.
It sounded like they came from a six-shooter.
He did not immediately reach for his shield.
"If you were going to spend a lot of time in Saudi Arabia, tuning in Saudi radio was not going to give you much, even if you could understand Arabic," he said.
Electric Boat has about 19,000 employees.
In rejecting the biodiversity treaty, he said it could weaken patent protections for biotechnology companies and thus discourage research and innovation.
Federal district courts often appoint special masters to conduct inquiries to aid them in deciding complex factual issues.
Prices fell for tobacco, home electronic equipment and women's clothing; they rose for footwear, tires, books and floor coverings.
The usually fine orchestra was, for the most part, surprisingly ordinary, and the women of the imported chorus, the Stadtischer Musikverein zu Dusseldorf, seemed tentative in the English texts.
I don't see why he thinks he'll do it now.
"I'm a good mother who's been dealt a crummy hand in life so far and is trying to turn that around," she said.
After that, he founded the Kidco stores.
I don't think I've ever vented my anger so much."
's art department and director of its Wight Gallery, will be the Hammer Museum's new director.
The nation's unemployment rate rose to a five-and-a-half year high of 7.1 percent in December, according to figures released by the Labor Department on Friday.
I met with Pagano and explained the co-promotion deal.
Despite a strong showing in this week's New Hampshire primary, for example, Patrick J. Buchanan has already been precluded from running against President Bush in New York, failing to obtain the required number of signatures.
Mr. Garrison, like other lawyers, noted that the facts of each such case were so critical to a verdict that it was impossible to adapt everything they did and make it work in another case.
Worried that American workers are ill prepared for the workplace of tomorrow, other experts say the country should adopt the German job-training system in which many high school students spend time in factories learning to master modern technologies and solve problems in teams.
Merrill Lynch said yesterday that it had been victimized by its two former employees and that it had cooperated fully with investigators.
"Those books about him have just fallen off the edge of the table.
But he has a caveat about the options sales process.
They want a President that is going to put all the facts on the table and tell the truth."
A double play off the bat of Howard Johnson erased a pair of Mets and left Randolph at third with Eddie Murray at the plate.
The dollar rose in foreign markets and began domestic trading with a rally.
"The two attorneys I assigned to the case had between them more than 50 homicide cases," Mr. Hynes responded.
But both Mr. Rabin and Mr. Shamir recognize the risk in autonomy that neither has answered yet.
A mechanism under the lid was triggered when the pop-top was popped, causing rolled-up cash or a prize voucher to rise through the spout.
Reputation: Practical minded moderate who used his position on Ways and Means to benefit his district and the state.
Mr. D'Amato, the child of Italian immigrants, also capitalized on Italian-American resentment over the way Geraldine A. Ferraro had been criticized during the Democratic primary when her opponents raised questions about her family's close contacts with organized-crime figures.
Edmund G. Brown Jr. of California, his only remaining active Democratic rival.
Mr. Doherty escaped from a British prison while on trial in the killing of a British soldier in Belfast in 1980.
There was no more heartwarming and triumphant story in sports last year than Yankee pitcher Steve Howe's comeback.
Why Women Stay Dr. Samuel C. Klagsbrun, psychiatrist and medical director of Four Winds Hospital in Katonah, N.Y., points out that most abusive relationships start out normally as loving, romantic and exciting.
She points out that her company's cards also cover a variety of historical and political topics: one batch documents the savings and loan scandal, for example; another the Kennedy assassination theories.
Europe's map makers, shaken out of their formerly cloistered ways, were struggling to keep up with the deeds of explorers.
Nowhere has the decline been as precipitous as in New Jersey.
When we had a crowd in the park that was predominantly beer drinking, there were so many fights and other problems that we had our hands full, and so did the burly security guards hired specifically to keep things under control.
The day I got MTV -- do you know what Doc Martens are?
Some Suffolk workers traveled even farther.
At one time the reports hinted of speculative gambits or attempts at greenmail.
C28 Sports B7-15 Baseball: Mets shut out by Astros.
marketing executive, who would speak only on condition that he not be identified, said that he expected Mr. Smale's appointment as head of G.M.
The reference is to a hospitality suite at last year's convention where women were goaded to drink from a dispenser shaped like a rhinocerous penis.
Selling Seen as Overdone Traders and analysts said there was no new news to prompt the selling yesterday, except that more and more investors and dealers appeared convinced that Governor Clinton would win the election.
Since 1987, the Department of Commerce has broken department store figures into conventional, national chain and discount department stores.
A State Department official official, noting that the chancellor used the German word "Sieg," for victory, commented, "Kohl may have proclaimed the first German Sieg since 1945."
The 44-year-old municipal judge is known for dispensing justice in cases of minor offenses with a puckish, lighthearted humor.
In its decision announced today, the Appellate Court ruled that the action of the Legislature in setting up a ground-water protection area triggered a higher level of review under the state environmental quality review law and required a detailed comprehensive impact statement covering the entire area.
Given that sum and Tartabull's history of injuries, the Yankees might not mind losing him.
But they never made the trip, because the Atlantic was infested with German U-boats.
Her mother is a psychotherapist in Gaithersburg, Md.
TRACK AND FIELD Drechsler Excels Heike Drechsler of Germany missed the world record in the women's long jump by less than two inches yesterday with a leap of 24 feet 6 1/2 inches, matching the second-best performance in history.
What a difference a month made for Symbol Technologies.
Mr. Swearingen is the former chairman of Standard Oil of Indiana.
Never overselling the feat or losing control of the sentimentality, Steve Miner's film tells the story in crisp, G-rated fashion.
If there are delegates to the Democratic Convention who still don't know how to wine, dine and entertain themselves in New York, it's because they haven't read a newspaper in weeks.
And, second, how different strategies to reduce the deficit would affect the economy.
This year we're going to try to have him try kickoff returns."
What the West Should Do In an interview today, Prince Alexander said he had argued unsuccessfully against the imposition of international sanctions against Serbia.
Apparently convinced that they have irreconcilable differences over the future shape of Czechoslovakia, leaders from the Czech and Slovak halves of the country have begun negotiating a separation.
Another who lamented this sense of isolation, with a panache all his own, was Alberto Tomba of Italy.
The three-year-contract that he plans to sign on Friday when Dr. GIAN PAOLO CRESCI, financial administrator for the opera house, calls on him at his home in Scotland, begins with the 1993-94 season.
With polls showing that Gov.
The number of Puget Sound shares traded in the over-the-counter market has increased fourfold since the middle of the week, and the stock closed yesterday at $36.25, up 75 cents for the day and $7 for the week.
He had trouble falling asleep and constantly complained of headaches.
When Chief Justice Earl Warren's report was complete, he asked me to sign it as a representative of the Kennedy family.
Carl Kabat, one of the Plowshares Eight, is inaccurate.
Various people involved in the case contend that Mr. Amigo has asked for amounts varying from an early offer of $8 million to $10 million to settle the wrangle.
More pointedly, local United Way directors have no desire to turn down the merchandise -- hundreds of gallons of paint, vacuum cleaners, dental hygiene kits -- from Gifts in Kind America, a nonprofit company created by Mr. Aramony to funnel corporations' surplus goods to local charities.
She died of pneumonia, said her husband, Felix Fibich.
In October 1929, Mr. Milstein made his American debut with the Philadelphia Orchestra under Leopold Stokowski's direction, playing the Glazunov A-minor Concerto.
I limit myself to four statements of fact.
For those who buy boats outright the life can be idyllic and cheap, given a few adjustments.
Mr. Heeley's costumes were far less appealing, giving the women a busy, flouncing look and making the two lead men indistinguishable, dressed as they both were in military uniforms.
The Bills came back, evening the score at 17-17 on a 1-yard touchdown reception by tight end Pete Metzelaars early in the fourth quarter.
The report, more than two years in the making, is the first attempt by an impartial panel of experts to assess the new technique, which has been accepted by many courts and is coming into widespread use.
But today the colt went off the 4-to-5 favorite, started from outside in the No.
Yet this arrangement (two companies fused into one) worked to each choreographer's advantage.
"You have to have enough confidence in your golf game to make birdies."
So reading "Laurence Olivier," you are happy to settle for words.
Those in the Vatican who created him now regard him with fear and horror.
The Blue Hens will be representing the Yankee Conference, as will second-place Villanova (9-2), which plays at Youngstown State (8-2-1), the defending I-AA champion.
But then, that same look -- blissful, it might be called -- is always with Dr. Fagan.
"We were raj Nats," explained Mittu Ram, a village elder, as he slouched on the woven rope mat of his charpoy, India's traditional roughly hewn bed.
But the House Speaker, Thomas S. Foley of Washington, scolded Mr. Gingrich on the floor, saying he was guilty of "oversimplification and nonsense."
Her mother, Joann H. Cox, is an artist and calligrapher.
"We take the position that the people fighting us are a distinct minority," said Everett Carson, the executive director of the Maine Natural Resources Council, a state environmental group based in Augusta.
More information can be obtained by calling the center at 738-2525.
By the end of last year, according to the Government's own count, the number of new Federal rules under consideration had risen to nearly 4,900 from about 4,000 in President Ronald Reagan's two terms.
It is not clear whether prosecutors, who are closely examining Mr. Smith's activities, have agreed to grant him immunity.
Her father is the senior vice president of corporate administration at Security Pacific National Trust Company in New York.
Drug counselors point to other contributors to the surge in substance abuse, like the psychological effects of the poor economy and savvier marketing tactics by the illicit drug industry.
They said that the move by upscale department stores to regional shopping centers to the north only temporarily threatened the economic vitality of cities in the south.
"You always run a risk, but I think the positive outweighs the risks," Johnson said before a myriad of cameras and reporters during his news conference at the Great Western Forum in Inglewood, Calif. "Life itself is a risk.
THE deal closed a loop of sorts for Mr. Ilitch, a former shortstop for the Tigers' farm team.
Real men now eat salad.
To place orders by phone, call Ticketmaster at (212) 307-4545; for information on the nearest Ticketmaster outlet where tickets can be bought in person, call (212) 307-7171.
But the five Democrats running for President say the time is ripe for Washington to become involved.
Today the family told officials at North Carolina State that Mr. Belliveau, a defensive tackle, would not be reporting.
I just pushed two and got one blocked."
Just before his election to the Senate, he voted for an amendment to the 1984 Civil Rights Act declaring an "unborn child" a "person" at conception.
The Key to Cold Calls A day does not go by that Robert Wurzburg is not rejected.
Her mother, Nannie Brown, is a teacher and the staff director at Valley Pre-School in Granby, Conn.
He said there was too much weight.
"But are you then preserving the patrimony of the United States?"
Her stepfather is retired as a chief civil engineer for the Arabian American Oil Company in Dhahran, Saudi Arabia.
Tough Cross-Examination "He's exceedingly tenacious, and when he has something to work with, he's brutally effective," said A. Kirke Bartley Jr., a Queens assistant district attorney who lost to Mr. Kornberg in the Paparella trial.
and the nifty little second baseman takes his position atop the bag that an earlier, purer, more innocent America called "the keystone sack" .
The gallery and the Brookfield Craft Center are sponsoring an exhibition of ceramics, furniture and textiles with decorated finishes, from Sunday through April 16.
He referred to the Polish-born Pope's campaign against abortion here.
One of the two groups has raised it to an art form.
"What we've done is not new, but it may be new for New York," said Carter Eskew, whose firm, Squier, Eskew, Knapp & Ochs, created Ms. Holtzman's attack ads.
Ultimately, the shareholder vote on the merger may hinge on the price of Sprint shares at that time.
Inspirational advice about ways to replace feelings of fear with feelings of love in daily life.
It is expected that the United States will open a consulate and A.I.D.
As it turns out, the newspaper Sovetskaya Rossiya reported Oct. 17 that a number of parties, public organizations and trade unions, supported by a large number of deputies to the Supreme Soviet, applied for a permit to hold a demonstration and a rally on Nov. 7 to honor the 75th anniversary of the "Great October Socialist Revolution."
The body was found the next day by two fishermen.
Hopkins School Matthew E. Holford .
On the other hand, Dallas has used trades for draft picks to build a playoff caliber team.
Jesus Rosario, 17, a junior at Eastern District who was attending the meeting, said that he stayed out of school on Friday because he was afraid of being hurt.
Pour mixture into a glass jar or bottle and leave to steep for one day.
Some of the more personal attacks on Mr. Aspin have been vociferously denied by his aides.
Later that year, when duPont fell $5 million short of cash, Mr. Perot was an obvious person to seek help from.
Sept. 9-27: "Uproar in the House."
POST OFFICES Express Mail and special delivery only.
Doi moi has encouraged the creation of private businesses, provided one of the most liberal foreign investment codes in Asia, ended price controls on major commodities and forced the devaluation of the Vietnamese currency, the dong, to bring it closer to its black-market exchange rate.
They came to New York to get rich, and they succeeded."
A year later, Mars edged in to join the other two, creating a triple conjunction that occurs only once every 800 years.
The humblest is the peer of the most powerful."
So that the Jews have time to dispose of their property by the end of July, we guarantee them royal protection and assure them they can sell or exchange their belongings freely until then.
He also gave the familiar description of the structure, rules and induction ceremony of the Mafia.
"My guess is that 70 to 80 percent of the people at the dinner the Bushes know personally," said Anna Perez, Mrs. Bush's press secretary, adding, "Certainly, they have met."
Are you going to make up that financing through private partnerships?
Although the crime occurred last Friday, Mr. Obermaier did not report it to the city's Police Department until 4:30 P.M. on Monday, Mr. O'Leary said, "and then it was referred to the Transit Police Department for investigation, where it is being handled by our central robbery unit."
"We think our location and our rents set us apart," said Ms. Berley.
Since then, Washington has played an increasingly passive role, deferring to the Organization of American States even though many United States officials agree that there is only a remote likelihood that the group's diplomatic efforts, backed by a porous embargo against Haiti, will eventually lead to Father Aristide's return.
In the long run it will be the Northeast's largest supplier of clean air and water.
It was shortly before last Christmas that Steinbrenner began calling the commissioner in an effort to set up a meeting at which they could discuss his possible return.
Add the meats, parsley, sour cream, bread crumbs, thyme, marjoram, salt and pepper to the vegetable mixture.
The most seriously injured, Wahdat Shah, 25, was in critical condition yesterday at Jamaica Hospital.
Blitzing doesn't mean you're going to get to the quarterback.
But the Cavaliers didn't want excuses.
Optioned Jeff Branson, infiedler, to Nashville.
Environmental issues are best handled with the participation of all concerned citizens, at the relevant level.
said that if additional money for operations were not found, it would close Friday.
Petroleum, a wholesale and retail gasoline distributor, who was convicted and is now imprisoned on charges of conspircy to evade Federal gasoline taxes in a case linked by prosecutors to organized crime.
But you are mistaken if you think you read Thackeray's book then; you read a lesser book of your own.
"I thought it was unfortunate this had to be sensationalized," Kathy O'Malley, of Loudonville, N.Y., said.
Portland had a winning streak snapped at six games.
"That is why they want to change the rules of the game in order to prevent an A.N.C.
According to an incident report filed with Mr. Murphy by Mr. Burrell last July, Mr. Burrell, as a member of the volunteer ambulance corps, responded to an emergency call from a center for the elderly involving a woman who had fallen and injured her hip.
Mr. Romero's sentiments were echoed by a number of people interviewed in Los Angeles.
They suspected he had a gun.
Settlements also were negotiated with Greenwich Capital Markets, County NatWest Securities, Citicorp, Shearson Lehman Brothers and Merrill Lynch.
The newly created job Mr. Jones is taking is executive vice president of agency operations, reporting to Peter Schweitzer, vice chairman in Detroit.
Mr. Gillespie didn't play much trumpet, but he cued the other musicians, making adjustments in the rhythm section and calling on soloists to improvise.
He writes ruefully that his nomination to the Supreme Court should have been the high point of his life, but that liberal interest groups turned it "into a savage political circus."
PITTSBURGH STEELERS -- Signed Rich Schonewolf, defensive lineman, Richard Shelton, defensive back and Justin Strzelczyk, offensive lineman.
The end of Mr. Benjedid's rule appears to signal the end of this country's experiment in democracy, which began after bloody October 1988 riots by hundreds of thousands of youths forced the ruling National Liberation Front to contemplate a shift to a multi-party democratic system.
Mayor David N. Dinkins praised the city's Consumer Affairs Commissioner, Mark Green, for the actions against unscrupulous gas station owners, which include tougher fines and penalties for offenders.
"Whether it will be a serious or mild effect, the jury is still out."
Cocteau, the archetypal French Surrealist, was in New York, and Davis, a maestro of modern jazz, was discovering Paris.
"She said, 'No alcohol companies, no tobacco companies, only public money or nationalized French companies.'
The police said her office was in disarray and $7,000 was gone from the safe.
Almost everything in the marina's campground, including some of the people, was splotched with reddish-brown mud.
Even in winter, the selection is impressive.
From the living forest, Brazil's Cayapo Indians are showing tribal tools, artworks and medicines in an exhibition titled "Cayapo Science: Alternatives to Destruction," which is to tour the United States and Europe.
Goodenow and his negotiating committee have not been invited to attend the session Monday morning at the Plaza Hotel, but will be available if summoned to begin talks with the owners' negotiating committee.
"They're left with a symbolic battle."
Mr. Cuomo railed against overpaid school administrators and called for the politically unpopular merging of independent school districts.
There is, for instance, the young woman confronting the father who sexually abused her and her sister from childhood.
That means a market basket of goods that cost $10 in 1982 now costs $12.20.
Mr. Tsongas hopes to field complete slates in every district, but was still uncertain last night whether that had been accomplished, his spokeswoman, Peggy Connolly, said.
The teachers tell me that they learned a great deal and felt it was the most worthwhile trip that they had been on in years."
George N. Benjamin 3d, 54 years old, will replace Eric V. Carter, who told TIE's board in September that he wanted to reduce his responsibilities.
Also on Sunday, the coastal road to the northwest was finally secured; thus the city can now be supplied by truck as well as by the ferry that has made the eight-hour trip from Split each day since the Serbs lifted a naval blockade last winter.
"To be the last one of anything is very difficult," he said.
asked Dr. Vilayanur S. Ramachandran, a neuropsychologist at the University of California in San Diego.
Paul Gee, a retired banker, fumbled impatiently for change as he complained not about the amount of the increase but about what he considered the sneakiness of the M.T.A.
A generous 5 percent markup would create a total fare of $319.
Its money was well spent.
Rather we are creatures who create meaning for ourselves without having objective and unambiguous criteria by which to determine how we should do so.
Their deepest conviction is that they were not part of the Creation, but existed as spirits before it, and so are as old as God Himself.
For Kathryn Hausman-Smith, the 1930's are the decade of choice.
With a nod to 1931, the year Lugosi's "Dracula" was released, and to today's recessionary times, Mr. Skal notes, "There are a lot of parallels between then and now."
In fanciful, inspired and yet simple and identifiable figures, it portrays the story of the Crucifixion.
Joined by a guest guitarist, Vera Vander Schalks, the ensemble has planned a program of music by Beethoven, Boccherini and Ives.
Night of the Spin Doctors Last Saturday night at the Caramoor Center for Music and Arts in Katonah, N.Y., the Spielvogels had stacked the deck.
The 6 7/8 percent five-year notes were offered at 101 7/32 , down 3/32 , to yield 6.58 percent.
He expressed Japan's continuing reservations on expanding its assistance to Russia while a territorial dispute continues over a group of islands in the Kurile chain north of Japan, which were seized by the Soviet Union at the end of World War II.
At $5.05, New Jersey's minimum wage would be higher than that of any other state and second only to the minimum in Washington, D.C., which is as high as $5.25 an hour.
"Harry Truman said: 'This is more than a political call to arms.
Walter Krementz Jr., the longtime head of a major jewelry company, died yesterday at the Morristown Memorial Hospital in Morristown, N.J.
Rockefeller University awarded 20 Ph.D. degrees yesterday at the school's 34th commencement ceremonies , in the Caspary auditorium on the campus on York Avenue in Manhattan.
[ Meeting on Thursday in Moscow with the Foreign Ministers of Estonia, Latvia and Lithuania, the Russian Foreign Minister, Andrei V. Kozyrev, proposed 1994 as the deadline for withdrawal, if the Baltic states make concessions.
The more one is exposed to lead the greater the risk of lead-related illnesses.
You could tell because Harry Blackmun and Randall Terry agreed about something.
A WARMER ISLAND If you wondered where Terry A. Anderson disappeared to after his release, the answer lay with two Long Islanders.
"That he takes the time to dice the vegetables fine and saute them first, which is the way a Western omelet should be made, is an extra gesture of love," Mr. McNally said.
In no time, red leather was sending sparks flying down Seventh Avenue.
EAGLE ON THE STREET: Based on the Pulitzer Prize-Winning Account of the SEC's Battle With Wall Street, by David A.
Every day I look for him on the M104, ever ready to swap my seat for a song.
"We did it once," she said, "just to try it," buying a bag of potato chips and some candy.
"This should just have been left alone."
Glassman defended his methods at arriving at damages at near $4 million for the eight plaintiffs in the case.
I don't hanker for television productions of my work."
It cannot be placed in the water, because United States port security officials have refused permission.
The inspectors had held a vigil outside the ministry since July5, demanding admission under Gulf War ceasefire terms.
"It's usually a matter of hiring an arborist with a hydraulic sprayer that can maintain the right pressure and reach the upper parts of the tree."
With faded red, white and blue bunting draped above the fireplace, old-fashioned doll houses and other vintage furnishings, the house seemed as if it had been in the Rudin family for several generations, though it has not.
"He makes what I call 'relief jumpers.'
hit men had murdered four Israeli settlers in the past 10 weeks, provoking Israel to expel a dozen Palestinian inciters to violence -- a measured and bloodless retaliation to deter further killing.
You Ain't Seen Nothin' Yet."
These include clearer flat-panel displays, larger computer memories, silicon chips that consume less power, and digital communications systems.
"That women are objects, that women should be attracted to athletes.
I felt like the whole world was coming down on me because we were having a lot of economic problems."
Mrs. Palmer, who lives in Manhattan and owns a decorative-painting company, said they were hers; her about-to-be-divorced husband said they were his.
Mr. O'Neill -- recently praised for playing the playwright Sean O'Casey as an old man in "Grandchild of Kings," Hal Prince's rough-hewn evocation of O'Casey's autobiographical bones presented in New York by the Irish Repertory Theater Company -- spent a happy night at the victory party over at Eamon Doran's bar on the East Side of Manhattan for all his Irish friends involved in the production of "Dancing at Lughnasa," winner of this year's Tony Award for Broadway's best play.
Jim Morakis, a spokesman for Exxon International in Florham Park nearby, said in a statement: "Exxon is fully dedicated to bring about Mr. Reso's safe return and to avoid any unnecessary tragedy."
Instead, it has to trick the cell into providing the materials for making new viral particles.
The Associated Press promoted him to full-time correspondent in 1937 and he returned to the United States in 1939 to work in domestic bureaus.
A preview of the show to benefit the horticultural society will be held from 6 to 8:30 P.M. on Pier 92 at West 51st Street on the Hudson River.
To her, woods and fields, streams and oceans and creepy-crawlies are no happenstance.
Thus a piece that began as a contrived souvenir acquired the flavor of a piece of "real" postal history.
Mr. Grossman said that the union's shop stewards had agreed to approve the contract and that the contract would be presented to the union's membership for ratification by mail.
Ten cellular carriers, seven of them regional Bell companies, offer service to territories with 95 percent of the nation's population.
An earlier program allowing retirement at age 53 with 10 years of service was so widely accepted that G.M.
Even the winds off the sea have an unusual whistle to them.
Or in each case, actual costs may be deducted; for business that includes depreciation.
I think the Democrats have allowed themselves to be put in a very narrow box by making false choices.
FRANK CAPRA The Catastrophe of Success.
Both were champions of 19th-century systems of belief (Marxism, in Stalin's case; social Darwinism combined with racism, in Hitler's) that reached a peak of influence at the turn of the century.
Nc3 13 Qc3 Bh6 14 Be3 Be3 15 Qe3 Qb6 two years ago, before he left the Soviet Union.
The move follows by a few days the announcement by the college that two other officials questioned for their roles in the Jan. 28 accident were leaving their posts.
A former Exxon employee and his wife were arrested today and charged with kidnapping Sidney J. Reso, the Exxon executive who disappeared nearly two months ago.
Entertainment Weekly discovered underground music in August with its "Complete (Idiot's) Guide to the Future of Rock & Roll."
"Eighty-five percent of my work has been on the treadmill," she said.
But some analysts said the performance would be hard to sustain.
Only days ago, Edward J. and Sherrie Rollins were the ultimate Republican power couple: He was a well-known strategist and former campaign official.
However, he has no real power base among the major Muslim guerrilla groups and only last week formed an alliance with a coalition of eight small parties formed and supported by Iran.
It was solitary fishing, except for a Labrador puppy who watched the water more steadily than most fishermen and splashed after one trout that impudently rose a few feet from him.
b-After an extraordinary charge of $ 1,390,000 which reflects prepayment of long-term loans.The company said its gain from changes in holdings in affiliated companies in 1991 reached $ 11.8 million, compared with $ 600,000 in 1990.
When a suburban jury acquitted four Los Angeles police officers on nearly all charges of beating Rodney G. King three weeks ago, Chief Daryl F. Gates says, he was just as shocked as most other people who had followed the case.
The interior space will be rearranged so that there will be large spaces for tournaments and instruction and small spaces for club play.
Florida State 70, Tulane 7 TALLAHASSEE, Fla. (AP) -- Charlie Ward threw four touchdown passes before halftime and Clifton Abraham scored twice on defensive plays as No.
His mother is a social studies teacher at Highland Park High School.
When Braniff International Airlines abruptly shut its operations last Thursday, it was the third time a financially troubled carrier named Braniff had called it quits.
Five players with two or more hits and a total of 15 in the game also make a manager smile.
Would have established a dedicated trust fund for land protection, recycling, water treatment and other environmental purposes.
Intel has also sued Chips and Technologies to block shipments of its chip.
Mrs. Shollar's nude body was found Saturday in a drainage ditch at a lumberyard about 1.2 miles south of the Pathmark supermarket where she and her daughter had bought groceries about 9 Tuesday night.
"It does have a positive effect on their behavior in the classroom."
Mr. Dinkins's motive is clear.
"Visibility gets higher as various pieces of the Americans With Disabilities Act go into effect."
Halard, ranked 23d in the world, will face a veteran of that style, Helena Sukova of Czechoslovakia, in the third round.
A Mall Becomes a Church How many malls are vulnerable?
Jeff Greenlaw's first of the season regained the lead for the Capitals, but Semak tied it again for the Devils with his fourth of the season with 3:55 left in the second.
This is all the worse because we could easily take certain actions to help preserve this critical democratic experiment.
Many fund managers and investors say that the very lack of money available for venture capital over the last few years leaves many promising companies begging for financing on any terms.
I was very disappointed, and so was the public.
And despite herculean efforts, John Neary, concierge of the Carlyle, could not convince traffic authorities of the obvious wisdom of allowing a guest to moor his newly purchased yacht in a no-parking zone.
They say Clinton has a good reaction squad.
"We can take trucks up to all of the different floors.
Under Federal tax law, companies that experience a change in control -- as could easily happen if the large holders sell shares -- lose the right to deduct some past losses against later profits, and thus risk having to pay higher taxes.
There are no immediate survivors.
German officials accused a senior Treasury official of making false comments and of meddling.
And the curious thing about the rain forest canopy -- at least the Amazonian canopy I have seen -- is that it swells and ebbs not with the contours of the earth but quite independently of them.
And the interplay between interior and exterior space creates an apt metaphor for the hospital as a place where people withdraw and prepare to rejoin the life of the city.
"Fabulous rooms, billiard tables, saunas, fireplaces, pools, tennis courts, cinema halls are awaiting you," the flier says.
When the Ducks receive enough financing to allow them to buy first-class hockey equipment, there is a frolicsome scene in a sporting goods store, complete with a shot of the cash register and its total.
In the meantime, he is keeping operating expenses down.
That other peace movements have ultimately failed does not deter them.
"While we respect their need to proceed cautiously in the aftermath of Hurricane Andrew," Jill Chamberlin, a spokeswoman for Mr. Gallagher, said on Friday, "we have to enforce the law.
He said he had confirmed his story with the U.S. military.
GEORGE CUKOR: A DOUBLE LIFE.
The actual figure is $487 a month, assuming the tenant pays $550 a month in rent, Hudson says.
There have been 223 shutouts in the majors this season -- 122 in the National League and 101 in the American.
The agency said their "prolonged deception practiced on the television-viewing public" was "patently and flagrantly contrary to the public interest."
Should 'Feel Betrayed' While the authors of the report and Kenneth W. Dam, the interim president of the United Way of America, were careful to avoid any accusations of criminal activity, the Justice Department, the Internal Revenue Service and the Congressional General Accounting Office have all requested copies of the report.
Signs of Stove Used as Heater An eighth child was carried from the house alive but was pronounced dead at the Crozer-Chester Medical Center.
It was clear that after 20 Bh3 Kaidanov was going to pile up on the pinned f5 knight and exchange it to break up Gurevich's king position.
Paul Grimm, a deputy assistant energy secretary, said Mr. Brodeur's dismissal had nothing to do with his criticism of the radiation leaks.
If the Nets failed to beat Orlando, they could still root for the Celtics to dispose of Miami at Boston Garden today.
Holograms, commemorative T-shirts and promotional giveaways will be available throughout the show.
The argument that these people are needed is contradicted by good evidence that over the last 20 years immigrants, especially from Latin America, extract more wealth in social services than they create in labor.
"I'm the thankful one," he added.
Walk-ins from the street traffic of a metropolis have always been considered necessary to supply the volume of customers required to successfully serve this specialty.
Also included are beer, luggage and an animal antibiotic chemical imported by the American Cyanamid Company of Wayne, N.J.
It affords them a rare opportunity to raise the rent on the unit above the regular limits.
The Comme des Garcons "unfinished" spring collection, which has now arrived in stores, features trenchcoats and jackets chopped off at the chest, sweaters unraveling at the waist, skirts made out of lining fabric and dresses with sleeves at least a foot too long for the wearer.
Responding to a question about the President's endorsement of various pieces of legislation requiring a host of new rules, Mr. Quayle said the Bush Administration was "probably a little bit lax" about trying to review new regulations during its first 18 months, assuming that the regulatory "beast" had been killed by the Reagan Administration.
The universities have talked about Sacred Heart gradually taking over the management of the University of Bridgeport in the spring semester, and absorbing what is left of it by the start of classes in the fall.
"You know, Bush is always comparing me to Elvis in sort of unflattering ways," Mr. Clinton said while posing with an Elvis look-alike.
To fill the revenue gap caused by the sponsor's miscalculation, Mr. Lanza said, maintenance for shareholders was raised by about 7 percent.
Listening to Bill Clinton's news conference yesterday brought a surprising sense of relief and respect.
Two of the youths were brought in for questioning, she said, and the police recovered a .380 automatic handgun at the scene.
"I was playing the record, not the person," she said.
What the Rookies Did One of the questions most often asked in the immediate aftermath of the beating was why several officers stood by and did nothing.
He was absent for crucial votes.
Robin Walton (67-138) and Sherri Steinhauer (68-138) also shared the top spot.
Anyway, the score is 4-4 over the last two Olympics."
At his news conference today, Mr. O'Rourke said the subsidies had cost the village, county and state $140 million.
"You think, 'Maybe I should be putting on makeup or something.'
Yet the protest showed how much Italians have come to see the Mafia as a malevolence in the nation's soul that has eroded its self-respect and its institutions.
As I stumbled through the black woods to my car I heard a long, low, lugubrious wail.
She wore a black sweater with blue sparkles, gray jeans and a weary expression that aged her 16-year-old face.
But others remain unfertilized, and when the unborn baby sharks develop teeth, they eat the unfertilized ones.
When asked what he would do against the pro-Gamsakhurdia units forming in western Georgia, Mr. Ioseliani answered tersely, "We will shoot."
They are justifiably proud of a system that guarantees everyone quality medical care at no direct cost.
5,000 others, including familymembers, V.I.P.
The aim of the two carriers, according to the filing, is to create "seamless service," in which passengers would feel they are getting the same quality throughout a flight.
Cover and let rise again for about 1 hour, until the dough is well puffed.
Mr. Blackman, 32, graduated from Yeshiva University, from which he also received a law degree.
Since June 1990, when the Administration indicated its strong desire to negotiate a free-trade agreement with Mexico, environmental groups have pushed to have their concerns addressed directly in the text of the accord.
Felice Michetti, Commissioner of the New York Department of Housing Preservation and Development, recently complained that the Federal agency's rules prevent New York from using $127 million it received this year under Home, the first program in years to provide funds to build low-income housing.
The Russian President has staked his considerable political capital on the reforms, taking the post of Prime Minister to personally absorb the backlash, and promising his people that "it will be hard, but the period will not be long -- we are talking of six to eight months."
To compensate for the tax revenue that isn't there, most state and local governments have shifted the cost of many public services, especially college tuitions, tolls and trash collection, to consumers.
26 in E flat (K. 184), a piece that is slightly off the beaten path, but that can win converts in inventive performances that make the most of its sharp accents and vehement turns of phrase.
It is bad news for George Bush that neither intends to do so this year.
The idea was conceived "to give customers an easy way to invest in the stock market," said O. J. Peterson 3d, Dominion's senior vice president and chief financial officer.
Miss Nikolayeva displayed her talents by playing any (on request) and all of the 48 preludes and fugues from Bach's "Well-Tempered Clavier."
She said that if Governor Clinton was sincere about wanting to increase economic growth and incomes, he would press Congress to approve President Bush's growth package, which includes a capital gains tax cut and a tax credit for first-time home buyers.
Sneaks Through Windows The neighborhood is a predominantly black middle-class area of mostly single- and two-family homes.
As reticent as this is bold, Susy Baudoin Suarez's oil on paper appears to be an abstraction, but it evokes shacks along a waterfront and exudes tranquillity.
"They run extremely well," he said.
Also, "Adam and Eve aren't going to sue us."
All are in mint condition.
"We want to recall the tolerant and pluralistic tradition of Prague that Kafka represents, the symbiosis that flourished of Czech, German and Jewish culture," said Mr. Zelezny, who was spokesman for Civic Forum, which Mr. Havel led, and for Premier Petr Pithart of the Czech republic, until he lost his post in elections in June.
To let in more natural light, she also added several windows and installed a new heating and air-conditioning system.
The bill, which the House will probably vote on next week, would cut a variety of miscellaneous taxes by around $14.4 billion over six years and raise others by the same amount.
official, who insisted on anonymity.
By 1990, 72 percent of the population of this corner of what is now called Koreatown had been born outside the country.
World Basketball League ERIE WAVE -- Assigned Rodney Glassnor, guard, to the taxi squad.
The fact is, we really must define who we are here if ultimately we want the rest of the world to perceive us as something other than an entertainment capital.
I don't know if the sight of these makes the people of Montana drive more cautiously, but I'll bet it makes those from out of state do so.
And because it is politically and socially impossible to take away the meager livelihoods of these farmers, the Government has abandoned any effort at forced eradication.
They saw the outcome as further supporting their argument that Canadian rape laws do not adequately protect the rights of women.
One More for Chavez MEXICO CITY, April 10 (AP) -- Unbeaten Julio Cesar Chavez retained his World Boxing Council junior welterweight title tonight with a fifth-round knockout of Angel Hernandez of Puerto Rico.
"When it's folded and compressed, it's about 9 inches deep," he said.
Paul Cellucci, of Italian ancestry, and Mayor Raymond L. Flynn, whose family came from Ireland, will march at the head of the parade in East Boston.
He said many schoolchildren see fruit growing on trees for the first time here.
Even with his new duties, James Baker plans to keep playing an active role in international affairs.
Union officials said that a nonmember who objected to paying the full fee could get a reduction of 20 percent, or $6 a month, representing the amount used for lobbying, organizing and political activity.
Then slow again to realize time to switch to Boris Yeltsin, though no harm done.
His brother Benjamin, 22, still does not believe Anthony was involved in the trade, but since he died, the neighborhood has become a darker place.
At first they conceived of the $200,000 film, which was financed by grants from the J. M. Kaplan Fund, the Deer Creek Foundation and other organizations, as a compilation of amateur efforts, a sort of "Funniest Home Videos" of the campaign trail.
"It's very pleasant to go to a nice shop where people treat you well," she said with a wistful smile.
This victory, which gives New York a 32-18 record and drops Miami nine games back in the Atlantic Division at 24-28, was a team effort.
But that's the great thing about them.
His father retired as a purchasing agent for International Telephone and Telegraph in New York.
Of all those intrepid efforts, only one produced an offspring that managed to reach adulthood.
On Tuesday he suggested that instead of issuing the document as a pastoral letter, it be turned over to committees that could pursue some of the stated objectives at a less authoritative level.
Federal courts budgeted money for the center, but the lone dissenter on the panel, Attorney General Ernest D. Preate Jr., persuaded the State Legislature to drop the idea.
It is "blasphemy," the letter said, "to invoke the infinite and holy God to assert the moral superiority of one people over another or one political party over another."
In other areas, the best source is often the local legal aid society.
But officials said that they had decided they could do without that one and that a second plant planned for the island, which is to go forward, appeared sufficient for that location.
He emphasizes developing businesses in cities that have lost jobs, like Waterbury, and his campaign accuses Ms. Taborsak of being a "tunnel-vision, tax-and-spend" politician.
'What Gentrification Can Do' Losing the club is a prospect that the artists who cut their teeth at the Bitter End, and the fans who came to hear them, find intolerable.
(By the way, has he set up a fund for all the women he may have infected?
In Michigan, with its crumbling auto industry, he finished second to Mr. Clinton, edging out Mr. Tsongas, who was still an active candidate.
Mr. Pierce made incriminating statements to New York detectives who went to Rochester to question him, investigators in Queens said.
But in recent years they agreed to speak of their experience, she said, persuaded that they had an obligation to do so as the last generation that saw what happened.
GREEN BAY PACKERS -- Signed Johnnie Jackson, safety.
"They're more inclined to shut down rather than tough things out."
"But instead of squarely facing the cycle of despair that we have created in our inner cities, this bill has become the engine for the extenders, passive losses, minimum tax relief and the President's marginal proposals to kick-start the economy."
He fulfills his literary predecessors' traditional encounter with a solitary Highland maid, spending a whimsical unfulfilled evening wandering the streets of nighttime Yerevan with "a comical young woman" named Aelita.
Even the cheerful score has become relentlessly cheerful.
Nor do the merchants who emerged unscathed by the fire.
"The intimidation factor is significant," Mr. Campbell said, not only because many active Democrats owe jobs or other favors to Mr. Harkin but also because "people don't like to be asked, 'What, you're not for Tom?'
Mr. Landano held his arms tight around his wife, Camille, as Judge Lawrence Bilder of the Appellate Division of Superior Court read the brief order in his chambers.
But no one will know how much Mr. Perot has left if he spends $50 million in the first week of September.
Mr. Kerry, a decorated Navy officer who fought in Vietnam in the 1960's but turned against the war after his return, was accused by Mr. Kissinger of being part of the problem in 1973.
For others, it is a feeling that Mr. Clinton is too much the politics-as-usual deal maker.
We were not adequately informed of the emergency procedures: while on the ship, we actually had to listen to the radio for news about what was happening to us.
Net income last year rose 10 percent, to $547.5 million, or $1.14 a share, from $496.9 million, or $1.04 a share, in 1990.
Bill Clinton of Arkansas, broadening his attacks on President Bush, called today for a new national economic strategy that emphasizes education, investment tax credits and converting military spending to domestic uses.
But Connecticut voters resisted the anti-incumbency tide sweeping the rest of the country, sending back to Washington a fully intact delegation.
Glamour and sophistication (Lacroix's poufs and top-of-the-line Mercedeses) were ushered out as the hallmarks of the good life; low-key sincerity (the fresh-faced parents and tot gathered round the tub in this year's Liz Claiborne ads, shot in understated black and white) was ushered in.
In which case, the disk jockey Chris Stevens (played by John Corbett) -- an erudite, self-taught ex-convict -- gets bonus points.
Clearly, they are both extremely eager to have some major arms control agreement to show for their summit meeting, even if it has to be a vague one.
Accusations of Unfairness Those disciplined include Robert Booker, the system's chief financial officer; Henry Jones, the budget chief, and Olonzo Woodfin, accounting manager.
Someone offered to help me push.
*3*** COMPANY REPORTS ** View Full Article in Timesmachine »
Now, nearly one of every two guns sold is a handgun.
The State Court of Appeals is considering cases brought by Senate Republicans, whose plan has been thrown out by two different State Supreme Court justices in New York City.
In the film's abrupt and rather brutal conclusion, the gods intervene to punish Walter for his earlier transgression.
The insurance doesn't cover the work we did."
Manley, at 6 feet 4 inches and 270 pounds, was the most dominant defensive end in the N.F.L.
Another survey in October, conducted by the SOM organization and published in Le Soleil, a newspaper in Quebec City, found 46 percent of those responding against separation, 30 percent for, and 24 percent undecided.
But any team that did so would have had to give the Giants two first-round draft picks.
Businesses Have Their Doubts "Most of the businessmen I talk to do not find these conditions for investment good enough to come here," said a commercial attache to a Western embassy.
The museum is scheduled to open in 1996.
It was unclear whether the documents in the suitcase, all related to the Iran-contra affair, were stolen or misplaced, or whether they included material that could compromise national security.
Susan Sarandon News Anchor .
b-Included an extraordinary tax benefit of $ 300,000, or 1 cents a share, in the quarter and $ 1,350,000, or 3 cents a share, in the 9 months.c-Net loss and reflects stock appreciation rights expense of $ 5,718,000 and $ 9,183,000 for the quarter and 9 monhts, respectively.The company is listed on the Nasdaq National Market System.
The room settings will be on view during the run of the show through next Thursday.
He discovered and nurtured a new generation of French players and singers, and schooled them in highly charged performances of Baroque works, many of which had not been heard since the deaths of their composers.
The Scarlet Knights fell to Tennessee in the preseason N.I.T.
Torborg was careful not to divulge details of his exchange with Bonilla.
"So many Salvadorans died in this that it makes you reflect," he says.
Yesterday at the park, once a potter's field and the site for a public gallows, parkgoers with solemn faces leaned over a raw plot of gashed dirt and dropped bunches of flowers -- roses, irises, red tulips -- in memory of four New Yorkers they did not know.
But after leading the country on a guided tour of his psyche, only to announce that he would skip the campaign, Mr. Cuomo says he is at peace with his decision.
That allows Congress to object by holding up subsequent arms deals.
Mr. Perot sees himself as a straight shooter.
"But in other cases it keeps on going."
Alarmed at the reaction to Mr. Skinner's remark, the White House argued that he was quoted out of context, but Mr. Krieble said the Heritage board got the same message.
Appetizers are $9 to $16, pastas $11 to $20.25 and entrees $12 to $30.
New York Chill Q. I recently moved to New York from Aomori, Japan, which I am told is at about the same latitude as New York City.
Johnson did it again on Sunday, when he capped a memorable performance by being named the most valauble player of the National Basketball Association All-Star Game.
Pressure to Devalue the Pound "They must devalue the pound," said Belinda Handman, a real estate investor and entrepreneur in London.
We firmly oppose any immunity from prosecution for anyone who has been responsible for these gross violations.
Even more important, however, is the force of his pen.
Aware that the right-handed-hitting Pecota's average had slid steadily through the spring and that Magadan had become increasngly comfortable at third, Torborg said he was clearly more intent on finding ways to get the left-handed-hitting Magadan in the lineup with regularity.
What we call younger seniors are interested in convenience and price equally.
TRAFFIC MEDIAN Living in New York, too broke to leave town, not crazy about Central Park.
Mr. King, 24 and a Syracuse University graduate, is a securities analyst at Merrill Lynch Mortgage Capital in New York.
To the Editor: Keith Jarrett might view music and the musical industry as devoid of integrity and held captive by a pop market [ "Categories Aplenty, but Where's the Music?," Aug. 16 ] .
One might start with wonderfully charred octopus drizzled with a strong Greek olive oil; excellent taramosalata, the lemony fish roe puree, or tsatsiki, a salad of yogurt, mint and cucumber.
Crisis in Monetary System In September, at the same time that Spain devalued its currency, Britain and Italy left the European monetary system, which limits exchange rate fluctuations involving member currencies.
1 preventable health problem facing children.
She had beaten par by a country mile, for if North became the declarer in hearts or clubs the spade queen would be led to give the defense four tricks.
Several towns have also developed waste disposal plans that rely heavily on recycling.
But it's a boon for those who value simplicity of design without sacrificing any essential functions.
I lived my whole life without paying any attention.
Chance for Coalition's Plan Hoboken is now liable for the $7 million.
31 Italian outlasts Unified Team in skiing.
Less than half of New York's crop is sold as eating apples.
As the Bank of America and the Security Pacific Bank move ahead with their merger, they have notified customers in four Western states of plans to close 82 branches by the fall.
I haven't had a regular life.
He was 84 years old.
Mr. Donovan was born in Lynn, Mass.
France is the country that would be most affected.
He used to work in fashion and he knows what you should be wearing: "Things that are reflective, things that have a jeweled hue and clothes that are kind of proletarian.
Ricky Trlicek, in his major league debut, gave up two runs on two hits in two-thirds of an inning before Tom Henke came on in the sixth.
Again, Mr. Kammen shows how enthusiasm descends from the elite to the masses -- or at least the middle class.
For a while in the 1970's and 80's, the Eastern League had three teams in Connecticut -- in Bristol, West Haven and Waterbury.
Most companies prefer having only United Way soliciting their employees, but the competing federations are making inroads.
The earthy medieval texts of Orff's profane cantata -- mostly dealing with the joys of spring, drinking and love -- gain an especially propulsive rhythmic energy in the original version, which calls for an accompaniment by two pianists, two flutists and four percussionists.
But there is enough truth in the statement to help explain why David McCullough has found Harry Truman so appealing a model.
Josef Franz Schwammberger, who is now on trial in Stuttgart, Germany, for ordering the deaths of thousands of Jews in the Polish town of Przemsyl, lived in Argentina until 1990, when he was extradited to Germany.
Over the years he served as a consultant to the Society for the Protection of New Hampshire Forests, the Audubon Society of New Hampshire, the National Resources Planning Board, the Federal Reserve Bank of Boston and the Food and Agriculture Organization of the United Nations.
Presley had a 60-yard run and then there were the Guarantano and Presley touchdown pass plays.
"These are nice guys, just like you and me," Mr. Vitulli said.
"Hopefully, I can go on to college and do something afterwards," Marky Mark said, oblivious to any tension between the Broadway-bound and the hip-hoppers.
As for the people of Papeete, they were a sad disappointment.
Even those who don't necessarily consider themselves religious are buying the merchandise.
player would want to go through a season with Chuck Taylor All Stars today."
Dr. Ted Smayda, professor of oceanography at the University of Rhode Island, said, "What's magnificent about this work is that even while there's been tremendous amounts of study about these kinds of events, here suddenly these researchers find an organism that's incredibly novel that no one's ever even found before."
Three people were killed and three were seriously injured when a speeding car struck a divider on the Triborough Bridge before dawn yesterday, the police said.
* Ambac Inc., New York, said its Health Care Investment Analysts Inc. unit had acquired Healthcare Knowledge Resources Inc., a unit of Thomas S. Monaghan Inc.
But the steel cladding and metal-skinned glass that give Canary Wharf its signature mirrored surface reflects 80 percent.
"There are a lot of things to be decided in the off season, and Pat Kelly is one of them," Showalter said.
He had also refused to respond to questions about whether Communists had been active at the radiation laboratory of the University of California at Berkeley, where he worked in World War II.
The storms -- which passed through the region from 3 P.M. to 9 P.M. -- dumped close to an inch of rain on Kennedy International Airport during one 10-minute period and 2 1/2 inches of rain on parts of Warren County, N.J., in a half-hour period, Mr. Caropolo said.
(Actually, there are two terriers, Chelsea and Sparkie, the white one who jumps in laps without warning.)
Corky Ronan, the other crutch in Patsy's dream, was famous for falling off the Wheelbarrow's roof on election night 1928, when a Kluxer, resentful of the Al Smith poster in the window, torched the place.
In an interview yesterday, Mark Morante, the director of the Michigan program, said 80 banks were now participating, and $25 million in financing had been extended to small businesses.
Technology performs a lot of the museum's teaching tasks.
Flowering plants fared brilliantly once they appeared on earth, and during the Cretaceous period they diversified wildly, to the point where there are now about 250,000 species of angiosperms, compared with fewer than 15,000 remaining varieties of fern, conifers and other gymnosperms.
"What I want to do is examine very closely whether they are cutting the Guard and Reserve in order to save funds, or in order to assign those missions to active-duty forces," said Senator Sam Nunn, the Georgia Democrat who heads the Armed Services Committee.
America's interest is in a solution assuring that its most dependable ally and biggest trading partner will also be stable and strong.
In the closest bout of the day, Julian Wheeler of Little Creek, Va., held off Ivan Robinson of Philadelphia 27-25 in the featherweight class.
The suspect ran to the stairway of the Myrtle Avenue-Willoughby Street subway station, Mr. O'Leary said, where he attacked Sylvia Vasquez, 31, slashing her on the neck.
Now the United Nations, with United States encouragement and an offer of American support troops, has decided to be more assertive.
A problem law-enforcement officials face is that the gang seems to thrive within prisons while maintaining contact with members on the streets.
In East Rockaway, after a proposal to merge with Lynbrook was rejected, administrators looked at sending 480 students in the 7th through 12th grade to Lynbrook and paying tuition.
City Ballet's "Beauty" is charming to behold.
Perhaps because "Dancing" is driven to an optimistic cadence, it consistently lauds iconoclasm over preservation in Western dance.
Later he was a research fellow at Stevens Institute of Technology, where he earned a master's degree in metallurgy in 1946.
The Defense Department's spokesman, Pete Williams, said the Air Force expected to issue its findings by the end of the month.
He likened the refusal of United States authorities to accept a shipful of Jewish refugees fleeing Nazism in Florida a half-century ago to the country's current treatment of Haitian refugees.
The 45-year-old lawyer would have to face charges without his mentor, a figure capable of generating admiration and enormous sympathy, at his side.
Do you know of any such trips?
"Here was a chance for us to use these startling pictures and write an essay on the reality of Somalia, to make people stop and think and help," she said.
LEE: Chuck D., with Public Enemy, and K.R.S.-One, with Boogie Down Productions, have to be credited with really giving black youth Malcolm through their lyrics.
But in almost every area of energy production and use the bill found ways to encourage a changing national philosophy toward energy, for cheaper mortgages for insulated homes to creating demand for alternative fuel cars by directing Federal and state governments to start using them.
The company then redeemed the stamps, claiming they were for retail purchases made at the Pueblo Meat Market, a dealer authorized by the Agriculture Department to accept the stamps.
Vice President Dan Quayle, who heads the National Space Council, recently told workers at Douglas Space Systems in Huntington Beach, Calif., a major space station contractor, that their future would be assured if the Republicans stayed in power.
clearly likes this trend," Mr. O'Malley said.
When asked his age, he falls one year short, 34, then quickly corrects himself: "No, 35," he said, fingering the blue molded mask that has been his most constant companion.
Mr. Hu was born in 1912 to a wealthy landowning family in Jiangsu Province in eastern China.
An opinion poll showed that more people would trust Mexican businessmen to run the company than they would the Government.
I myself have grown more obsessed recently, after translating a book of Italian fiction.
For 10 years, he was the medical director and director for research and evaluation for the National Council on Alcoholism.
"Counting the number of tax increases that have been signed into law has nothing to do with whether government is taking a bigger or smaller bite out of peoples' incomes," said Steven D. Gold, director of the Center for the Study of States in Albany.
And for anyone who might think the paper has turned benign, there is an editorial almost every day, sometimes on the front page under a red, white and blue logo, fiercely defending Patrick J. Buchanan, who entered the Republican primary in part because of the public and private encouragement from the paper's publisher, Nackey S. Loeb.
The current system has several rates, all artificially manipulated, ranging from 55 rubles to the dollar -- the rate for most transactions involving trade -- to 120 rubles to the dollar on the black market and at weekly bank auctions of hard currencies.
We're always looking for an angle to give a film profile."
With adulthood, that Delaware couple didn't choose to stay here.
His right wrist is banged up.
Last August, at the world championships in Tokyo, he set a world record of 9.86 in the 100 -- a mark that still stands.
The program was zealously promoted by Edward Teller, architect of the H-bomb, but in 10 underground tests of the rudimentary idea in Nevada over as many years, the wonder weapon failed to materialize, embarrassing Mr. Teller and his Lawrence Livermore weapons laboratory in California and generating much controversy in Washington.
Mr. Kauf did not return phone calls today.
While the United States and Europe were preoccupied with throw weights and satellite photographs, Japan was able to focus almost entirely on building an economy that became the envy of the world, largely undistracted by, and often profiting from, the superpower rivalry.
"I've always wanted to be just like Josephine Baker at the Copa!"
Musically, Horowitz ignored style and rearranged accents, dynamics, phrase marks and tempos to suit his considerable, if Quixotic, musical imagination.
For the Elektra was the 43-year-old Deborah Polaski, the accomplished American dramatic soprano who in 1988 suddenly pulled out of a developing operatic career for reasons that have their own operatic character.
When trading resumed after the F.T.C.
The seller, the Everhart Museum in Scranton, Pa., was hoping to raise money for operating costs and acquisition.
(A small number of men who were captured in Laos and turned over to Vietnam for detention were released by Vietnam, along with the other POWs.)
"God, I appreciate it," she said.
Sponsored by the Urban Park Rangers.
The agency's director, Wallace E. Stickney, estimated that it would spend a total of $323.2 million to help the areas affected by last year's natural disasters to recover.
If the Kirov has succeeded in Balanchine so far, it is because the works it has performed happen to share a heritage with the choreographer's own background.
More Groups to Offend Hold on there, a black student shot back, though in much more evocative language.
"a dish, usually of earthenware, glass or cast iron, in which food is both baked and served" and b.
All three methods -- X.25, frame relay and switched multimegabit -- work on a principle known as packet switching that moves mountains of data over telephone lines, which were designed for the low-capacity steady stream of voice conversations.
That has left the Defense Department Inspector General's office, a larger agency with subpoena powers, to gather up thousands of pages of Navy interviews and try to make sense of them.
"It was a tough play," Militello said.
We will have to wring out all the inefficiencies of the pre-divestiture A.T.&T."
"Somebody must want a matching set," Mr. Cahillane said.
Cuomo the 'Real Hero' "Who would have thought that the very people who fought Shoreham so hard would be the ones to own the plant and take it down," said Richard M. Kessel, the chairman of the Power Authority.
Quaker State filed a lawsuit in Federal court in April seeking to stop Castrol, owned by the British oil company Burma Castrol P.L.C., from publishing ads asserting that Castrol GTX 20W-50 was the only leading motor oil in America to meet performance standards of the Committee of Common Market Automobile Constructors, a European organization.
Baltimore parents, teachers worry as a private firm takes over schools.
AUSTRIAN WINS SLALOM Petra Kronberger's margin of Olympic success will be measured in hundredths of a second and gold medals.
Prince Teymuraz Bagration, who escaped the Russian Revolution, became a Yugoslav official in World War II, then headed international relief efforts for political refugees for 43 years, died on April 10 at his home in Manhattan.
Galileo's return to Earth comes two years to the day after its last rendezvous.
But after a numbing succession of spaghetti dinners and an unintended circumnavigation of an island, my already tentative authority was soon challenged.
But the new questions raised today about Mr. Bush's involvement in the Iran-contra affair only underscored the risk that many voters will decide that he has shown the same pattern -- raising taxes after pledging not to do so and following conciliatory policies toward Iraq before the Persian Gulf war.
A couple on the trail of a dead rock star who has been sighted.
Since at least the early 1960's, she has been exploring the same territory, conceiving 6-by-6-foot canvases distinguished from one another by significant but sometimes almost imperceptible differences, not radical changes.
The Presidential campaign mounted on behalf of Ross Perot is targeting New York State for a particularly intense petition drive aimed at surmounting the obstacles in its election law.
But deep change is occurring quietly all about this capital's tree-lined snowscape.
The Shames also have a daughter in college.
The National Football League previously promised Markey that it would not employ pay-per-view of the Super Bowl at least until the end of the century.
About 300 fires were set in Long Beach and about 100 buildings were damaged by fire in Compton.
"It's time to blow the whistle on the free- trade blame game," said Michael Wilson, Canada's International Trade Minister.
But it was certain that no Federal effort, however huge, could restore South Florida in a matter of days.
Roel Pieper Born: April 13 ("Friday the 13th") 1956, Vlaardingen, the Netherlands.
"Eighty percent of our singers use the sol-fa system," Mr. Williams said.
In a way, this is a rather nice dilemma because it indicates a generous number of friends.
Miss Picon was particularly touched in 1946 when she and her husband were among the first entertainers to visit European camps for displaced people.
The city has been understood as a place of imbalances, disparities, and isolation at least since Edgar Degas and Edvard Munch began to reconfigure it on canvas.
When Sheffield batted in the sixth, Walk threw two straight blooper balls before retiring him on a changeup that was lined to right.
This is a jarring episode aimed at parents.
"Some of the darkest clouds over the tristate economy are breaking up and moving on," said Samuel M. Ehrenhalt, the regional commissioner of the Bureau of Labor Statistics.
in his last three games.
"The primary problem before was the financial pressure on Circle Rep," said Ben Mordecai, a producer of the show with Circle Rep, Robert Cole, William Suter and James Nederlander, who owns the Atkinson.
But he has avoided words widely regarded as obscene.
And some upstate committee chairmen continue to make rumblings about keeping the fiery Mr. Sharpton off the ballot.
The nine chamber pieces played last Saturday night didn't come to a collective conclusion.
Mr. Munoz-Mosquera was moved from prison to Federal District Court in Brooklyn, where he was arraigned and pleaded not guilty to the new charges yesterday.
Besides the bread, chicken, meatballs, antipasto ingredients and veal from Pizza Joint, hundreds of cans of Progresso escarole soup, pasta fagioli and tortellini have also been consumed by the cast of "Breaking Legs."
Both are unashamedly engaged in what a conservative visitor interviewed by Mr. Moyers calls journalistic agitprop.
Walter Troger, secretary-general of the German Olympic Committee, said that now that the Stasi files are open, he would have to decide whether to look into the pasts of other German Olympians.
But there is a dark side to the figures.
A proposed "state mandate-state pay" amendment sponsored by Mr. Franks cleared the Assembly Policy and Rules Committee by a unanimous vote today.
And others point out that he never went to cooking school.
detailed for Federal District Judge Milton Pollack, who is presiding over Drexel's bankruptcy, its reasons for withholding approval.
Since when have legalities ever concerned the United Nations where the Soviet Union was involved?
"What we'd like to see happen is the money going to producing a human being capable of getting a job and staying in the community or creating a job that will keep the money in the community," said Thomas D. Mignanelli, the chief executive of Nissan Motor U.S.A., which is based in Gardena, Calif., just south of the areas hit hardest by the rioting.
Vasily Belov, 26, rushing down the street last week in a gray trenchcoat and white scarf.
he snapped about those who questioned the merits of his team's foul-weather scheme.
Other republics in the Commonwealth of Independent States have also drained away rubles.
To the Editor: Most owners of motion-picture theaters in the country are overlooking a huge, untapped market: the millions of people who, because of impaired hearing, cannot and do not attend movie houses.
DONNA FUCCI has worked hard to maintain her nearly perfect 3.75 average and earn a coveted spot on the president's list at Westchester Community College in Valhalla.
Gerald Wilkins (13 points), who made an obscence gesture to the crowd in the third quarter after being booed, came through with key plays later in the game.
The Chase Manhattan Corporation, for example, raised $92 million in the first half of this year offering a 3 percent discount on new shares purchased with additional cash investments.
"Now, maybe small is better, and being fully leased is best."
"We were close to being 3-1 after we were up by two goals and it's a tough one to lose."
The gain helped lift the company's stock on the New York Stock Exchange to $37.625, up $2.375.
The first and second phases of the contract included a one-time technology transfer plus the initial sale of tooling.
Champagne and desserts will be served after the reading.
"You know, if they were ever going to do it, this would be the year," she said, her voice brightly enthusiastic.
Maine and St. Lawrence, the two champions of Hockey East and the ECAC League, are seeded first and second in the National Collegiate Athletic Association tournament that begins on Thursday at Providence and Detroit.
Nothing will happen for at least two weeks after the season.
She approaches her subject with critical sympathy and informed psychological insight.
Geraldine Chaplin Charlie Age 5 .
The proponents cite positive results from a new study, one of the few designed specifically to test a major idea of the movement, that children of alcoholics are drawn to help partners who exploit them.
"Every paper in America today has the story, and most have 'Reebok' in the headline."
Classicism in ballet, he said, was enduring because it was "impersonal."
He said the front was willing to meet with the High State Committee to seek a political solution to the crisis, which began when the Algerian military forced the resignation of President Chadli Benjedid on Jan. 11.
said yesterday that it was establishing a separate company to develop manufacture, distribute and market personal computers.
Then again he might not.
Place a tablespoon of the cheese filling at one end of the strip, then lift a corner of the strip over the filling until the point of the corner meets the opposite edge of the strip, making a diagonal fold at the bottom of the strip and a triangular enclosure for the filling.
Guest, who is considering pastels for spring and darker shades like rust for fall.
The American College of Surgeons has never issued a document on the learning curve.
Officials Give Him Room What upset the Nets, particularly Coach Chuck Daly, was the rookie getting the benefit of many patented turns of his left shoulder into his defender without once being nailed for an offensive foul.
'A Big Learning Experience' Calling it his "first real welcome to New York," Mitchell said today that he regretted making the comments and that from now on, he'll keep his thoughts to himself.
THE United Nations sanctions that went into effect against Libya last April are turning out to be more than a symbolic gesture.
Off camera, after the interview, Mr. Salinas emphasized that he would brook no renegotiation of the agreement, said the spokesman, Steve Tuemmler.
"Totally normal," he judged, as steam and a sour rankness rose into the morning air.
See how good the institutional life is.
Admission: $5; $4, 62 and older; $3, children ages 5 to 11.
as students' eyes grew accustomed to the dark and the stars came into view.
"This is not the case.
In a radio broadcast the council recalled the eight-year war with Iraq, which, it said, "proved to the world that our brave nation will never hesitate to defend the sovereignty and safeguard the territorial integrity of Iran.
Some of the tempos are updated -- a pulsating "One for My Baby," a breezy, swinging version of "A Nightingale Sang in Berkeley Square" -- but most of the album is simple, unembellished pop-jazz singing in a husky tenor that sounds richer and more flexible than it has since the late 70's.
Mayor David N. Dinkins expressed bewilderment last week about why Mr. Jackson has been "demonized."
Larkin will receive a $1.5 million signing bonus and salaries of $4 million, $5.4 million, $4 million, $5.4 million and $5.3 million.
While most front-drive cars have their engines sideways, the longitudinal mounting cuts vibration at the same time that it improves the balance of weight, which now is 60-40, front to rear.
Fuentes was replaced by defender Camilo Romero and when play resumed, Snow scored again.
In 1919 Hahneman planned a new hospital on Fifth Avenue between 105th and 106th Streets.
"I often have to convince people that sign language is not pantomime or charades," said Dr. Sherman Wilcox, a linguist at the University of New Mexico who teaches American Sign Language and courses in deaf culture.
He describes a dean there explaining why he would not be a good candidate for the position of chairman of neurology.
A subsequent appraisal revealed the best use of the land was for grazing, and Valley sold it for $53,000, a mere 4 percent of the original loan amount.
What he omits is the practice by some unscrupulous owners of scuttling ships to collect inflated insurance when profitable sale is impossible.
Ng2) Nd7 14 Nge2 before White could take the pawn without letting his valuable e3 bishop be exchanged.
C4 Hockey: Rangers raid farm and beat Maple Leafs.
scored on its first possession of the third quarter to raise its advantage to 45-17.
Despite occasional bursts of optimism that the two countries are nearing a breakthrough, a lot must still be done to bridge the gulf between Syria's demands for return of the entire Golan Heights and Israel's insistence on a full-blown peace treaty that, in the Prime Minister's words, "can stand on its own two feet."
On March 2, 1991, Yugoslav Army soldiers and the newly formed Croatian paramilitary units confronted each other in the main square in Pakrac.
Testimony included these other assertions: *A prosecution paralegal admitted she gave a sip of beer to a witness in a Government office and smuggled "Ex-Lax" into prison to a Rukn.
At the same time, he has broken down traditional boundaries between media, mixing paintings and sculpture with photographs, drawings and artists' books taken from other departments within the museum.
For Oriole Park sits half a city and many dreams away from its predecessor, Memorial Stadium, and is at once both a salute to what is valued in both the old and new.
In 1857 Federal troops had been dispatched to Utah to assert authority over Brigham Young's Mormons, leaving the loyalty of that thriving community at Salt Lake in question.
Three advertising executives not connected with the Presidential campaign have offered their picks for which shows might be the most and least appropriate for President Bush's re-election advertising.
David Wiseman, Alpha Delta Phi's representative to its alumni, denied the charges against the fraternity.
"The rest of my declining energies I want to devote to the thing I most love doing: the weekly BBC 'Letter From America.'
"I have so many friends here, and I get such a welcome from the crew," she said.
His hope is that the other creditors will agree to give his group some small sop simply to keep them quiet.
A.T.& T. said yesterday that it planned to sell 15 percent of its huge equipment-leasing unit to the public by the second quarter of next year, the first such offering since 1983.
Put briefly, Professor Tannen believes that men use conversation as a way of establishing their position within a heirarchy, while women use it as a way of establishing intimacy.
"This is an image business," said Steve Sternberg, vice president of broadcast research at Bozell Inc., the ad agency.
Fleeing south when Vietnam was partitioned in 1954, Mr. Lam said he worked his way up in business, forming construction and food-processing concerns and becoming a multimillionaire by Vietnamese standards.
There are no reports as to who might succeed Mr. Gaines in either position.
Preheat the oven to 200 degrees.
The agency has offices in Vienna and Amman, Jordan.
Mr. Brown said his victory in Connecticut stemmed not so much from his appeal as a candidate -- or people's distaste for Mr. Clinton -- but from people's frustration with politics as is.
And don't try to go in the door marked D if your ticket is marked G. If you have a ticket to just one show, you can get into the grounds and try to sneak into other shows.
And I believe that Senator Gore goes first.
If we do not start facing reality and correcting our course now, it will be too late.
Older sections have tree-lined streets and a variety of architectural styles, including narrow, turn-of-the-century colonials on small lots, victorians and modern colonials and ranches.
Mr. Tsongas backed down today from his optimistic outlook, saying that the campaign did not have the resources to compete effectively in New York.
The ban, to take effect in July, was established by the Egyptian society of kidney specialists.
It is the newer law, Minnesota human rights officials say, that awakened students and parents to their rights and prompted Katy Lyle's complaint and another in negotiation.
My interest in doing an interview as I leave city government was to discuss forthrightly one of the critical policy issues we must address over the next several years.
Ms. Dworkin mocks "the free-speech fetishists," but it is they who have insured that blacks, Jews, Latinos, Asians, gay people and women have been able to give as well as they get.
For three years he was deputy chairman of the Carbomin Group.
The cause of death was apparently a heart attack, his family said.
John Honkanen of the Freeport Police Department.
Just like surgeons, they wear latex gloves.
If that were common knowledge, how much customer anxiety would that provoke?
"We thought his base was somewhere in the neighborhood of 17 to 18 percent," said a campaign official.
The Justice Department has sought an independent medical diagnosis, accepting an arrangement proposed by defense lawyers in which a court-appointed physician would examine Mr. Clifford.
Tarkanian was forced to resign last spring in the aftermath of pictures published by The Las Vegas Review-Journal showing three members of U.N.L.V.
The officials said the city has substantially raised its school capital spending in recent years and thus will qualify for a larger share of the state money.
So it's a valuable experience."
Mr. Oddo was charged with murder in the second degree and was arraigned this morning in First District County Court in Hauppauge.
It was camaraderie with guys.
He was taught alone, by a substitute teacher, in a 12-by-15-foot room, was required to take lunch and recess apart from other pupils and was barred from choir, music and physical education classes.
The Pittsburgh Pirates saw enough of Marquis Grissom tonight to last until next season.
And real Texans never refer to trouble as 'deep doo-doo.'
"Sometimes I had to meditate through a party, with people all around.
A1 HELP IN DISMANTLING NUCLEAR PAST Secretary of State Baker, visiting Moscow, offers aid in the form of rail cars to transport nuclear weapons and a program to find jobs for nuclear scientists.
He also said he believed that the first pocket-size version of a Penpoint computer would be out before the end of 1992.
She was awarded an honorary doctor of science degree.
The 14.2-million-member labor organization can make a unified endorsement of a Presidential candidate through a general board meeting of 90 union presidents, or can allow individual unions to make their own endorsements.
Bush Applies Added Pressure Additional pressure was applied today as President Bush sent a letter to European Community ministers asserting that the United States had done all it could to break the deadlock in world trade talks under the General Agreement on Tariffs and Trade, or GATT, and that it was the Europeans' turn to compromise.
One girl, the police said, replied mockingly: "They're fake, and that's a play gun."
300 out of the 300 largest metropolitan areas in the country.
Just mix ground lamb with some fresh rosemary, and grill, leaving the inside pink.
Bill Clinton, the likely Democratic Presidential nominee, say Mr. Bush has neglected those problems since he took office.
The authors predict the collapse of America under Government debt and suggest ways to cope with it.
In the chain of events described yesterday in The New York Times, Mr. Clinton participated in the removal of certain elected and appointed officials, including the Governor, from the measure.
They want companies to open factories, distribution centers and other operations in poor neighborhoods as a means of creating jobs for local residents and a strong framework for further economic growth.
"Nafta means more exports, and more exports mean more American jobs," he said.
With the full blessings of the Mayor, their chief and their union, the Englewood firefighters were bouncing and sweating in between alarms as part of the "Get Hot on Health" program.
Down here, we have no way of capturing the water."
For the past seven years, she has served as president of Borough of Manhattan Community College, the largest of the the university's seven two-year schools.
Ewing (who had 37 points) was distraught at missing two free throws with 52.8 seconds left that could have given New York a 1-point lead.
STEEPED in tradition though they may be, Italy's wine makers have in recent years become some of the most innovative in the world.
They'll be concerned about Washington and the Redskin fans Sunday night in R.F.K.
Often, co-op boards worry that apartments sold below the market will negatively influence future sales.
delayed the introduction of the Valuepoint line until at least mid-October so it can fill up its warehouses with the machines, which are already rolling off a production line in Raleigh, N.C., said the executives, who insisted on anonymity.
In the pairs Barton is in the bow, with Bellingham right behind.
Another patient at the clinic says she would never take the pills unless a city worker came to her home to watch her each day because they are so "nasty."
Traditionally, most men would not find the little delicate things to be done in pastry, the fine work, appealing."
"But we've got a long way to go."
But the chief thing about Louis is "the stores."
can effectively retire them from their books by establishing a trust from the proceeds of the new note sale.
I want to design dresses and suits that could be made in a ready-to-wear factory but finished by hand.
"I looked out at the sky and said, 'Geez, no house left.'
Two boys run away from the home place in Texas and light out for a new territory.
Mr. Powell should also perhaps take note of what happened to Mr. Greeley.
If each hunter bagged the limit, the goose problem -- and the geese -- would be eliminated.
Why had the spiders infested the warehouse?
Hope for Veterans The slow development of Blair Thomas as the No.
It was officially disbanded, but its members went unpunished.
TOO faint to be seen by the naked eye, the first asteroid was discovered in 1801 by an Italian monk named Guiseppi Piazzi, working at an observatory in Palermo, Sicily.
She therefore knows what she's talking about.
Six years ago he gave up a job as a computer analyst and took a sizable pay cut to manage the tribe's once rich but neglected farmlands along the Rio Grande.
Mr. Gussack's expression of confidence follows a hearing on May 20 at which the Great Neck Plaza board raised solely technical questions about modifying the design of the 58,000-square-foot building and its effects on traffic.
Mr. Brennan said sales trends in the last part of the quarter had been encouraging for the merchandise group's appliance, furniture and apparel segments.
At times "there was really no function in life except to get the wardrobe trunk on the bus," she said, but playing ailing industrial cities made "my interest in economics cross over into urban issues."
Indeed, everyone's living standards should improve.
The case centered on Mr. Steele's process for making sweet chardonnay, which involved blending in a reserve of wine that was only partially fermented and, therefore, sweet.
There have been efforts to smooth relations with the United States, with the European Community, with Japan, the I.M.F.
Ms. Uggams, packed into her shimmering red gown, was all ease, the perfect narcotic for the mostly older audience of people who didn't seem to be in need of any political stimulation, thank you.
Shows are at 9:30 and 11:30 P.M., and the cover is $40, with a $20 drink minimum.
"She never thought she was dying, she never thought about her own death, just about what she could do with those last few years."
Rather than write a plotted, programmatic piece on this theme, Mr. Tavener has tried to render in concrete musical terms the power of God's love.
The African National Congress official who led the charge that preceded the fusillade went further today and said that the congress would give "moral support" to Ciskei residents who decided to take up arms against Brigadier Gqozo.
I don't know if that plays into it."
"That's the only contact they ever had, that plane ride, and Perot remembers that as a conversation primarily being about Nicaragua.
Leonid Yakobson and his wife, Alla, arrived in the United States more than two years ago, after having tried to emigrate for about 10 years.
The move on Friday by this group of Croats, who are Bosnian citizens with strong links to the Government of the neighboring state of Croatia, has come at the worst possible time for the Government of President Alija Izetbegovic.
"All men are but teeth on a comb" is an old Arabic saying, and so it was with us.
The voice is alternately soothing and abrasive.
Even the guy at the end of the bench has the right to his own image."
Quite frankly, I am anxious to be out of here by the end of June."
But as the American economy struggles to shake off recession, the pinch may be felt more.
"Well, O.K., then do men matter that much to women?"
In most cases it is their nature to do so.
Old Town Praline and Gift Shop, 627 Royal Street; 525-1413.
Making stable states out of unassimilated peoples is an objective that has defeated the Communists of Eastern Europe and the colonialists of this continent.
"Maybe the key players have got to sit down and look each other in the eye and say, 'Do we have a regional cooperative agreement or is it truly economic warfare?'
"That said to the market: 'The people who have to know about this think that it's not so bad for the company.'
Difficulties at Fortune This is not the first time Mr.
"I swear it's just beginning for us," said Bonilla.
Guerrilla attacks in the capital and elsewhere in the nation of 23 million people have intensified this year.
In addition, there is a so-called spontaneous event where preparation is no help.
With the Clean Air Act of 1990 forcing electric generators to seek cleaner fuels and promoting the use of natural-gas cars and light trucks, among other factors, the gas industry is expecting growth of 5 percent between 1990 and 1994, said Richard D. Farman, chairman of both the association and of the Southern California Gas Company.
With the new rule so much harsher, will referees see even that many instigators?
New shops, one quickly realizes, are tucked into former bathhouses or 18th-century saddle factories.
"When you cook," observed his buddy Joseph Donovan, 90 years old, as he deposited a stack of ceramic dessert plates on the table, "it's a miracle."
"Does it give meaning and purpose to life or is it a thing to get depressed about?"
The other members are Don Moses of Hawaii, a pilot and the crew's chief mechanic, and Maj. Gen. Valdimir Alexandrov Dzhanibekov, a highly decorated Soviet astronaut on temporary leave from the Russian Air Force.
In 1989 he began building an extravagant house at 136 Bassett Avenue in Mill Basin.
I've seen the family values in my people in Arkansas.
In a five-week span from Aug. 25 through last Sunday, when the Pirates clinched the division championship, Bonds batted .426 (43 for 101), hit 11 home runs, drove in 31 runs, scored 34 and had 12 stolen bases in 31 games.
This is to the point where the most basic official functions, if they are operating at all, are doing so because ordinary people muster to keep them going.
And at the closing ceremony, while Catalan flags were waving around the stadium, the crowd gave Juan Carlos an ovation that no other Spanish King has ever heard in Barcelona.
The idea of softening the lyrics was first raised three years ago by Abbott Pierre, a much-admired defender of human rights, but it only gathered momentum after a 10-year-old girl, Severine Dupelloux, sang the anthem at the opening ceremony of the Winter Olympics in Albertville on Feb. 8.
But that is not his cause for announcing that he will not run for his 12th term as a state House member.
"It's a business fight, and unfortunately, it's taken on nasty characteristics because we happen to be brothers," Koch said last week.
Richard Leech, an American, will sing the role in the first seven Met performances.
J. Edgar Hoover reported that his F.B.I.
But at the same time, more hostages were taken, Later investigations showed that from the first shipment in February 1985, through the last in October 1986, the American effort was fraught with naivete and incompetence, while the Iranians consistently responded with duplicity and deceit.
Signs on the scoreboard and field, and billboards around the park, were designed to be intrinsic aspects of the overall old-yet-new effect, recalling ads in places like Ebbets and Wrigley fields and Fenway and Comiskey parks.
From there he went to Brooklyn College.
Tavern on the Green, a 500-seat, balloon-popping, birthday reveling, outrageously overdecorated culinary carnival in Central Park, can never be accused of being dull.
"What did we hear of those professional pessimists?
Eagles 7, Cardinals 3 PHILADELPHIA, Oct. 25 (AP) -- The Philadelphia defense simply rose up and stopped the Phoenix offense as it got closer and closer.
In a section called Neighborhood Windows, children can peek into miniature homes and watch detailed replicas of families in an Islamic prayer ceremony, a Vietnamese New Year's celebration, a Salvadoran birthday party, an African-American family reunion and other religious and ethnic events.
The question, as they acknowledge, is whether any political leader has the fortitude to tell the truth about what needs to be done and whether Americans have the will to listen.
"You can't police a neighborhood into health," said Richard Sennett, a professor of sociology at New York University who says more should be spent on drug treatment and prevention.
A Scottish writer's striking first collection of short stories, marked by a sense of menace, pain and emotional rawness.
The Angels' Junior Felix, who didn't have a play on the ball, fielded it on one hop.
In Denmark, Claus Vastrup, the head of a board that recommends fiscal and monetary policies to the Government, strongly criticized the bank.
Mr. Koster, 27, graduated from the University of Pennsylvania and received a master's degree in architecture from Princeton University in October.
In a statement the HSBC chairman, William Purves, said aviation was clearly not a core business for a banking group.
"Pollution is on the tip of everybody's tongue these days."
People like her have helped recall me to my inheritance.
CPC's products include Hellman's and Best Foods mayonnaise, Mazola corn oil and margarine and Skippy peanut butter.
Hamman and Lall, 1203.76 match points.
Mr. Levy, 44 years old, is a prolific and hyperkinetic inventor of toys and games.
"I felt I needed a breakthrough because I haven't been playing good lately," said Zvereva, who reached a career high of No.
By his own admission, Bohr was "from first youth able to say something about philosophical questions."
As they did so, Mr. Verlezza proved a strong partner.
He was 73 years old.
"They'll do whatever we say."
What's more, they tend to be beset by ethical problems and sexual unease.
But the election of Governor Bill Clinton as President is likely to reverse that model.
Results are in Canadian dollars.
Mr. Clinton asserted a Democratic claim to the issues that the Republicans have monopolized for three elections, even citing passages from the Pledge of Allegiance as if in a defiant challenge to President Bush to use patriotism against him in the manner the Republicans employed so successfully with former Gov.
A $448.4 million bond issue by the City of Houston was tentatively priced yesterday through a group of underwriters led by Goldman, Sachs & Company.
The biotech industry is several years away from profitability, de4spite rapid expansion, Ernst & Young reported.
Give me a better scenario."
PAUL T. LENNON Larchmont, N.Y., March 23
This year, he'll jump from ABC to HBO to ABC and to TVKO.
Smith has adjusted to the Riley regimen, and Riley believes he could become an All-Star if he realizes his potential.
In May, the airline reported that it quadrupled its annual profit as aggressive cost-cutting helped it weather a global decline in passenger traffic.
The company plans to absorb at least $500 million in overruns on the $6.6 billion research and initial production stage.
IVF's can cost $10,000 and are the most profitable procedures.
Call for films and times.
Suppose an unarmed white man had been arrested, after a car chase, by four black policemen armed with guns and clubs.
The talks, being held in Washington, were recessed on all fronts until after the American Presidential election.
As a Manhattan-bound E train breezed into the Union Turnpike station at the onset of the morning rush one recent day, Mr. Hunt's eyes darted along the train's third, fourth, fifth and sixth cars.
With new technologies on the horizon, superconductivity and new fuels, this seems an opportune time to provide a national focus to develop technologies associated with air, land and sea transportation of goods and people.
My mother, who said she loved and identified "a little bit with everybody" in "Fried Green Tomatoes," would have a hard time finding herself on the lam with savvy Susan Sarandon or long-legged Geena Davis.
One of them was Hullet Maselwa, 30 years old, who lived with his mother and worked repairing television sets at home.
The issue is noncallable for three years.
They shut down Ewing, and instead of double-teaming him constantly, they gave Ewing different looks and made him hesitate.
He won the Life Master's Pair Championship in 1937 and again in 1948.
But many lawyers say the litigation floodgates finally opened with the moratorium issued by the Food and Drug Administration.
You can literally trip over them in Tom Otterness's installation at the new Hudson River Park, or mistake one of them for a No Parking sign on Wall Street.
KEEP ON TREKKING Getting There The season for trekking in Ladakh and Zanskar is July through September.
Possible Unraveling There is the possibility that the project will further unravel if some of its major tenants decide to abandon it now that its owner is insolvent.
"This lukewarm performance will only gradually reduce the hardships that the recession has brought to many parts of the country," it said.
The former Army specialist, Ms. Metras, 26, said she left the Army last December mainly because of the steady harassment she had endured while a parachute rigger in a quartermaster unit.
Ms. Brady has found the drug problem overwhelming, the police presence inadequate.
Dr. Pfeffer, the author of a textbook, "The Suicidal Child" (Guilford Press, $35), said that among 131 children she studied who had suicidal tendencies before puberty, "15 percent had attempted suicide by age 17, and nearly a third of those attempts were quite serious, like self-cutting, ingestion of pills or hanging."
Lemieux, one of hockey's best distraction specialists, said Messier used "a lot of stick work" against Lemieux, much of it unpenalized.
determine whether new drugs for food-producing animals, like antibiotics given to dairy cows, are safe and effective and whether food products from those animals are safe for human consumption.
In the current climate, gay groups up and down the state were braced for another veto from Mr. Wilson and had mobilized for demonstrations this weekend, which will now be recast as celebrations.
That quarter-century star turn makes the repairman the longest-running live ad character on network television, Burnett says, and certainly one of the longest-running pitchmen of any kind.
But it's not like I'm this big star.
Under the agreement with Eckerd, Revco will raise $7.5 million from holders of its junk bonds by offering one million shares of new Revco stock at $7.47 a share.
And even her own children knew what that initial signified.
The Democrats have moved so far to the right.
IF YOU SAIL Following are three companies offering Erie Canal excursions: Mid-Lakes Navigation Company, Post Office Box 61, Skaneateles, N.Y. 13152; telephone (315) 685-8500.
A Kentucky native, she majored in political science at the University of Louisville and studied international economics at American University in Washington.
GEORGE JOCHNOWITZ Staten Island, July 17, 1992
"The Heat came at us," Vanderweghe said.
Jim Boren, the Apathy Party candidate, who is on the ballot in Arkansas, pledges, "I will not steal for the first two years of my administration."
The practice was abandoned in 1980 but restored for the 1990 census at the urging of both the Pentagon and members of Congress.
Originally made in southwest France, today jambon de Bayonne is made all over France.
He was 82 years old.
Prices of outstanding Treasury securities rose by as much as half a point early in the session, but later gave back some of the gains.
In 1961, Mr. Gorlick was a member of a small group of lawyers who lobbied successfully for Congress to provide special tax treatment for professional corporations.
Studies indicate that they may play important roles in immunity, but their exact functions are still being explored.
Nature intended them to have the freedom of the oceans, lakes and streams.
"That is fraud," he said.
In it he asserted that America is uncompetitive, in part, because it has 70 percent of the world's lawyers.
They're not saying that anymore.
Sweet Honey in the Rock is a living museum and a secular church, carrying on old customs but also providing inspiration for an audience that shares the group's commitment to the progressive politics and life style choices of the 1960's counterculture.
Palio is a splendid color-drenched space with murals representing teams from the ancient Palio horse race overhead.
MARTHA SPEAKS Written and illustrated by Susan Meddaugh.
You have a wife and baby girl.
The rush of air makes the tongue vibrate, resulting in a snore.
To avoid sunburn, or even sunstroke, North American visitors should use sunblock year round and should walk only early in the day or late in the afternoon.
It was because of the slump.
Mr. Clinton, he added, would "put this country in destruction."
She also belonged to the Advisory Council in the College of Arts and Sciences at Cornell and the University Council.
During that period no other parties involved in the company's bankruptcy can file a competing plan.
They later fell out and have fought a war that has destroyed Mogadishu and closed the port.
Her mother said no, they would have to stay because, "I love him, and anyway, he wouldn't let us."
They know they're hungry, their children are hungry."
Mr. Abrams's popularity among blacks has suffered, mostly because as Attorney General, he helped expose the racially charged Tawana Brawley 1988 rape allegations as a hoax.
But he's got a lot of flexibility on some major questions of our time, which I find very disturbing.
That admission has heading off what threatened to be a divisive new inquiry into the matter.
Saudi production averaged 8.45 million barrels a day, while Iran produced an average of 3.54 million barrels a day, the newsletter said.
But Mr. Diallo, who is married to a German and has four children, said he had noticed a change in the atmosphere through his own experience as well.
Wood and one by by Craig Brannan.
Nearly three weeks after President-elect Bill Clinton said tighter ethics rules for Administration appointees would be forthcoming, transition officials acknowledged today that they were having trouble producing the restrictions.
There are two formal dinners.
Some fish deliberately assume unnecessary risk on behalf of their schools by scouting out the intentions of potential predators.
"They are separate issues," one senior Mexican official said.
A Child of From the Projects On paper, she comes across as a classic overachiever -- a child from the Bronx housing projects who graduated summa cum laude from Princeton, became an editor of the Yale Law Journal at Yale Law School, spent five years as a prosecutor with the Manhattan District Attorney, then developed her substantial civil practice as a commercial litigator.
The soft spot that television news usually shows for people on welfare is not evident in tonight's edition of "Prime Time Live."
"Customers are nationwide, and they're all going to be treated the same way," Dr. Deak said.
Her mother, Catherine Whiting, retired as a teacher in the New York City schools.
"Add the economic crisis," he said, "and you get the full bouquet of dangers that threaten to destroy the Ukrainian state."
Noting what he termed the "unique mission" of the Purchase school as "a first-rate quality public college oriented to the visual and performing arts," Dr. Johnstone said Dr. Grebstein had shown "extraordinary leadership in the toughest decade this university has faced."
He said Mr. Li, who owned his own silver-colored delivery van, had worked for the company for about six months.
In Friday night's other game, Utah beat Rhode Island, 84-72, to earn a semifinal berth against Notre Dame.
Rap hasn't had it so easy.
The Army Corps of Engineers will cut 2,600 jobs and close division offices in five cities in a nationwide belt-tightening effort, the corps announced today.
"Capital markets are efficient but not effective if you are going to compete internationally," said Mr. Chandler, an emeritus professor at the Harvard Business School.
Mr. Izetbegovic, who represents the Muslims, the largest faction in Bosnia, has previously sought to avoid any arrangement with Croatia that would prejudice the independence of Bosnia and Herzegovina and place it under the influence of Croatia or of Serbia, its larger and more powerful neighbors in the old Yugoslav Federation.
His judgment invites Congress to cancel its commitment to begin deployment as early as 1996.
Miss Acosta Marchetti, 25 years old, graduated magna cum laude from Texas A & M University.
In the telephone survey of 1,000 people, 53 percent disapproved of the way Mr. Bush was doing his job as President, Cable News Network reported.
b-After an extraordinary gain on extinguishment of debt of $ 4,725,000, or 11 cents a share.c-After an extraordinary gain on extinguishment of debt of $ 1,036,000, or 2 cents a share, and $ 3,824,000, or 9 cents a share, for the quarter and year, respectively.
The Royals have a $2.5 million option for next season with a $1 million buyout, but haven't indicated their plans.
The Hinckley casino opened last month.
To Mr. McLeod, a barrel-chested red-head with three red-headed children at home near Dalhousie Mills, a hamlet on the Ontario side of the border, Quebecers have been pampered since Canada's confederation 125 years ago.
"I learn best when I have things to do with my hands," she said.
That was my second long-term proposal.
D4 Hockey: Rangers' top line erupts.
The Film Society's salute to two divisions of Lucas Arts, Industrial Light and Magic and Skywalker Sound, will include screenings of such special-effects landmarks as "Return of the Jedi" and "Terminator 2: Judgment Day."
security restrictions, Atlanta prosecutors at first were allowed only to read the document, not keep a copy.
Both parents had traveled extensively to Mike's college games, first at Yale, which he attended for two years, and then to Tulane.
's tiny office on Third Street in Los Angeles, has been licensed, franchised and stamped on merchandise from beer mugs to T-shirts.
It means I have to declare out-and-out war."
Last week, though, there was little doubt that mighty Germany's failure to put its neighbors' needs ahead of domestic political considerations had contributed heavily to the meltdown of the carefully engineered currency exchange rate system already in place -- and had cast a shadow over the shining vision of the next bold step for the European Community.
People just charge him from everywhere."
Jennifer Chen, 16, has attended St. Hilda's and St. Hugh's since fourth grade, when her family moved to the United States from Taiwan.
And, so, Bonilla and Torborg spent close to an hour today trying to explain the circumstances surrounding the right fielder's celebrated dugout phone call.
It was because of Frederick Loewe's retirement.
b-After extraordinary tax-loss carryforward of $ 164,024, or 4 cents a share.
Lola lives with David (Bernard Giraudeau), who is drawn to another woman by whom he has fathered two children.
Cary Lemkowitz, who was president and executive creative director at Bergelt Litchfield, becomes vice chairman and chief creative officer at Earle Palmer Brown/New York.
From there it entered their milk.
The shares outstanding reflected the company's initial public offering in October 1991.
"The era of the arrogant Mets is gone."
He wrote that if we became religious, he would come back to live with us."
INSIDE PITCH With his second shutout inning, STEVE AVERY of the Braves eclipsed KEN HOLTZMAN's record of 18 scoreless innings in a League Championship Series, set in 1973 and 1974, when Holtzman was pitching for the Oakland Athletics.
He was appointed to the United States Military Academy in 1911, and graduated with the class of 1915, which included future Gens.
She intends to train for four solid weeks with her coach, Christy Kjarsgaard Ness, and her choreographer, Sandra Bezic, before performing at Landover.
The Glen Ridge case may be the best evidence of a sharp division among judges over how to apply shield laws.
Few toilets are functioning, and heaps of noxious garbage are piling up.
To the Democrats: why do you go into the playoffs with your second team?
Hours: 5 to 10 P.M., Sunday through Thursday, and 5 to 11 P.M. Fridays and Saturdays Reservations: Recommended.
The 1992 Tony Winners Play: Brian Friel, "Dancing at Lughnasa" Musical: "Crazy for You" Revival: "Guys and Dolls" Leading actor in a play: Judd Hirsch, "Conversations With My Father" Leading actress in a play: Glenn Close, "Death and the Maiden" Leading actor in a musical: Gregory Hines, "Jelly's Last Jam" Leading actress in a musical: Faith Prince, "Guys and Dolls" Featured actor in a play: Larry Fishburne, "Two Trains Running" Featured actress in a play: Brid Brennan, "Dancing at Lughnasa" Featured actor in a musical: Scott Waara, "The Most Happy Fella" Featured actress in a musical: Tonya Pinkins, "Jelly's Last Jam" Direction of a play: Patrick Mason, "Dancing at Lughnasa" Direction of a musical: Jerry Zaks, "Guys and Dolls" Book of a musical: William Finn and James Lapine, "Falsettos" Original musical score: William Finn, "Falsettos" Scenic design: Tony Walton, "Guys and Dolls" Costume design: William Ivey Long, "Crazy for You" Lighting design: Jules Fisher, "Jelly's Last Jam" Choreography: Susan Stroman, "Crazy for You"
The negotiators' refusal to detail publicly the issues with which they were dealing again raised complaints from opponents of the agreement that the negotiations are being shrouded in secrecy.
And if you feel print isn't interactive enough, you can always write a letter to the editor.
Tomorrow never knows, but they will have the chance next year when a collection of songs that have been in their recording company's vault will be released for the first time, according to The Sunday Times of London.
Musically, these are still the priorities -- as the festival surely wishes to remind us with the decision to open the new theater on May 28, 1994, the festival's 60th anniversary, with another "Figaro."
Although the tribe does not divulge its earning, which it retains, trade publications estimate it at more than $400,000 a day.
At 11:10 P.M., the street was reopened to traffic.
He was not part of the Nazi system, but Hitler found something in his music that he wanted to see music express.
Leaders of an American Jewish group held talks yesterday with the Foreign Minister of Saudi Arabia in Riyadh in what was apparently the first such meeting ever on Saudi soil.
With the recently announced moratorium on vendor payments, Macy has jeopardized those relationships, substantially increasing near-term risks."
In the 79th minute, Allnutt centered the ball from the right, Snow's kick was blocked and Lagos picked up the loose ball, driving it home from a tight angle with his left foot.
I had seen dead bodies, but they somehow had always preserved their completeness in front of others."
To produce a few moments of film, hundreds of cels were made to create the illusion of movement.
"It would be a travesty to fire someone before investigating his disclosures," Mr. Conyers wrote.
And they told me if I worked hard and studied hard and played by the rules I could do anything.
"It's important to beat them here," Jordan said in his deep voice, after scoring 42 points.
In fact the attack mode has not seemed to suit Mr. Major.
Brian Dennehy Miss Higgins .
And, while New Chance is costly, an investment of that magnitude may prove to be required and even prudent.
On the decision to close the Guantanamo camp, the State Department's deputy spokesman, Richard A. Boucher, said, "We made the decision to phase out the facility at Guantanamo because it was increasingly clear that it was acting as a magnet and causing more Haitians to get on boats in the hopes of getting there."
During that interview, the assertions of discrimination were repeated.
"Dudley played possessed and my Croatian guard went nuts."
It says nothing about disciplinary proceedings the commissioner initiates, such as the Pete Rose and George Steinbrenner investigations.
But before making this choice, New Yorkers -- particularly co-op residents -- must be aware of the differences between cable companies and their rights as consumers.
Even though Giants-endorsed clothing and equipment sales make them the National Football League's third-top seller (behind the Raiders and 49ers), that revenue, too, is shared.
"I kept complaining about it and I got relief for it."
One charter executive who supports the existing level of regulation is Dan McKinnon, president of North American Airlines, a charter carrier established in 1989 that numbers El Al and Club Med among its clients.
The Gossip at Hearst The Hearst Magazine Development Group, on the other hand, is showing prototypes of its proposed gossip magazine to focus groups of would-be readers.
"Can you get vegetables without butter?
In an interview, Mr. Sulzberger said: "If you believe in the process of an orderly transition, then you have to 'tran- sit .'
I think it's better than sugar or honey.
Urbanski, the oldest skater in the Games, said: "That made me feel good.
"Every day is one of those days."
Madagascar used to have a recording industry, albeit a small one, but economic troubles have left the country with no pressing plants for records; few Malagasy albums, if any, are available in the United States.
Leaving Reinsurance John P. Mascotte, chairman and chief executive of Continental, said yesterday that the company's pretax loss from Hurricane Iniki in Hawaii would total $55 million.
he said when I asked him about this.
Rinse beans and drain, and add to pot and cook for 20 minutes.
Several thousand demonstrators blocked Belgrade's central square today in a student-led protest that centered on demands for the resignation of the Serbian President, Slobodan Milosevic, and of the government of former Communists that he heads.
ELIJAH'S ANGEL A Story for Chanukah and Christmas.
He is an associate at the New York law firm of Cyperstein & Gerstner.
"We are here, we are stuck here and we don't know when the others are coming," Mr. Ben-Aharon said.
Since then, the number of expected layoffs has begun to shrink as some agencies find cash to reduce the impact of the budget cuts.
26 'WE'VE LOST OUR ENERGY' News analysis: The continuing disagreement over a pastoral letter on women is a prime exhibit of Catholic bishops' difficulty in exercising leadership in an American church increasingly polarized between liberals and conservatives and scrutinized by the Vatican.
Indeed, for many in the orchestra the heat of the Argentine audience was a welcome change from the sometimes aloof receptions they get elsewhere.
Both motels have suspended their policies and plaintiffs in the cases say they are satisfied.
"The sense I got from that game," Knight said, "was that U.C.L.A.
After all, when Congress raised its own salaries by $28,000, was this a temporary spending increase?
"They are taking advantage of it, but not in an evil or vulgar way," Mr. Wojciechowski said.
"If you don't keep the issue in people's minds, they tend to forget, to go back to their lives, not to feel that they are in a crisis," she said.
RETURNING to Rome as a tourist after living there for more than a decade, I find the thing I miss most is my own terrace.
Cut off and discard any tough stems from the rape.
He is out with a sore back.
Coach Bruce Coslet called the phone conversation "an uplifting thing -- fun for Dennis and definitely fun for us."
Brancale leads the race with about 25 percent of the $25 million market, while Bell overcame Met this year to take second place with 15 to 20 percent, Mr. Kosick said.
Corn dumplings and biscuits are a given on any board that groans south of the Mason-Dixon line.
Representative Les Aspin, the Wisconsin Democrat who chairs the House Armed Services Committee and who has been mentioned as a possible Defense Secretary in a Clinton Administration, was less charitable.
In Bridgeport, the president of People's Bank is a graduate of the University of Michigan School of Business, who is on a first-name basis with politicians and business leaders alike.
President Bush, whose popularity shot up to 90 percent just a year ago, is down to 40 percent in the last New York Times/CBS News Poll.
They were successful tonight primarily because they played with more emotion and because of some acrobatic work again by their diminutive goaltender, Chris Terreri, who was pulled from Monday night's game after the fifth goal by the Rangers.
It depends heavily on smuggling and drug revenue for hard currency and has yet to win the confidence of wealthy investors at home and abroad.
New Zealand's boat, the team's fourth and final yacht to be built for the 1992 cup trials, beat seven other America's Cup contenders here Saturday in an informal fleet race in the ocean off Point Loma.
In all of today's finals, the first three finishers qualified for next month's Olympics in Barcelona, Spain.
Before last week, the only such American League victories were in 1948, when a nonelected incumbent, Harry Truman, won the election, and in 1988, when Bush won his first term.
"I really don't care what consenting adults do in private, but this isn't private, this is public space, a main thoroughfare of our community.
The New Jersey Legislature is preparing to take up a bill that backers say will allow college students more control over how their activity fees are spent.
Asked to comment on recent reports about General Motors, State Treasurer Douglas B. Roberts wrote, "I believe a healthy and profitable General Motors is in the best interest of everyone."
David Rieff, a senior editor at Farrar, Straus & Giroux, called Mr. Bloom vengeful, reactionary and an academic version of Lieut.
Independent energy producers and environmentalists have focused on this year's tax bills to win policy decisions.
While the Court did not discuss other provisions of the Child Welfare Act, Chief Justice Rehnquist's opinion cast doubt on whether any provision of the complex law would be found enforceable through private lawsuits.
Anthony Miller and Derrick Walker each caught a touchdown pass and gave the Chargers their first 100-yard receiving tandem in a game since 1985.
Borough President Claire Shulman of Queens, whom Mr. Dinkins had asked to accompany him to Germany, declined the offer, citing the possible appearance of a conflict of interest.
"I wouldn't underplay the culture shock Europeans have when they come to this country," Dr. Chen said.
1 The sketchy outlines of Perot's vision are taking shape.
So what were Selig and Reinsdorf doing exactly a decade later trying to wrest labor away from the commissioner?
On an average day, the 75th Police Precinct confiscates four weapons, most of them guns.
h4 27 Rg5 Qf4 to yield him counterplay, yet after 28 Rc5!
"What kind of example would I set for my daughter?"
Even an Elephant Before the concert, from 6:30 to 7:30, there will be free performances on the Lincoln Center Plaza by the Juilliard Chorus, the New York Philharmonic Brass, players from the Lincoln Center Jazz Orchestra, members of the New York City Opera Orchestra and an elephant and a clown from the Big Apple Circus.
The industry is expanding not only as a result of treaties to ban such weapons, but also the shelf life of much of the stockpile is nearing its end.
In going to Dublin, the Rev.
People here didn't know about rap.
This last two-thirds of the book dramatizes its writing: "The only poem I had a chance of writing about the Mann Gulch fire was the truth about it."
The plan would be drawn up by Leonard Coleman, executive director of market development for baseball, and former Negro league and Brooklyn Dodger pitcher Joe Black.
Tandy computers never succeeded in the corporate market and have lost ground to smaller, lower-priced rivals like Packard Bell, Gateway 2000 and other clone brands that are sold through super stores like CompUSA and Tandy's own entry, the 16-store Computer City.
Yet some still see the schools as a way of teaching children to overcome the prejudices of their parents.
Lord Carrington, chairman of the community's Yugoslav peace conference, will visit Yugoslavia next week.
The voters, they reasoned, had had their referendum and had returned to power lawmakers who support keeping the tax.
The housing police have added 38 officers.
But they were unable to drive there that quickly and never received the call that had been promised, the source said.
After that, conditions are expected to improve, but King said that in any event he expected the track to be closed in the morning, with no workouts permitted.
Referring to Mr. Bush's comments, Mr. Clinton said: "He says this has no place in the campaign.
The wax job was shiny, the hubcaps sparkled, the upholstery was spotless, the paint was new.
Things have not been the same since Charles Wadsworth -- the society's founder, program builder and audience-schmoozer supreme -- retired a few years ago.
4,200 Names -- in Black Ink "You gather everyone together in a single room," Mr. Mulford said.
Mr. Raymond was out of town yesterday and could not be reached for comment.
"We have a skunk, a bobcat, a raccoon and a little garden of flowers coming up over here," said Mrs. Davis, as she started to dismantle her plastic-roofed shelter.
In various combinations, they wander around Portobello Road, and on one special day they take a trip to the country.
Here in Nassau County, Steven Latham, the man County Executive Thomas S. Gulotta has charged with keeping Canon in Nassau, proposed they take another look at Roosevelt Raceway.
Goalie Greg Millen stopped his first shot and turned aside Cole's swipe at the rebound, but Sykes put in the third shot for his third goal of the season.
Both varieties are widely served throughout Nassau and Suffolk at restaurants fancy and modest, Greek and non-Greek.
Modest Accomplishments Since his swearing-in last June, Mr. Ramos's accomplishments have been, by most accounts, modest.
said a higher percentage of banks in the American heartland would be classified as well capitalized because they traditionally have been very careful about their capital bases.
G.M., which owns 37 percent of Isuzu, in December sent one of its executives to help run the Japanese company.
But it is a talent -- crucial in the entertainment business -- that Mr. Levin has not yet been called on to demonstrate without Mr. Ross's support.
"I told him, 'Based on what your legal costs have looked like for the last five years, maybe you should go home and check what your wife is doing.'
Mr. Bush denounced the measure and complained that Congress had refused to pass his seven-point economic growth program by today, the deadline he set in his State of the Union speech on Jan. 28.
Investcorp S.A. an investment bank with a low profile and deep pockets, emerged yesterday as the leader of a group that has offered $425 million to buy the Circle K Corporation, the bankrupt convenience store chain.
While a tire gauge ought to be in every glovebox, one new product makes it easy to tell when tires are underinflated even without hunkering down.
And I felt nothing can stop me now."
The second-place horse, Casual Lies, was sold to Shelley Riley for $7,500.
He says he sees a side of me that never existed."
He has guided a mighty ocean liner doggedly into a troubled sea.
He said he is concerned that the house, which he said was appraised at $110,000 five years ago, could lose value even after repairs.
at 7:30 tonight at the Joyce Theater, 175 Eighth Avenue, at 19th Street.
But earlier in the interview Mr. Cuomo did show some pride of authorship.
Trade, investment and other ties between the two countries are growing sharply, creating the basis for a peaceful settlement.
Tim Sullivan, a Housing Authority spokesman, said that at a meeting yesterday with the protesters, housing officials had noted their complaints, which he said would be addressed and resolved.
But each time they allowed him to resume his work after favorable reports on his treatment.
Through skits and pop quizzes, Ms. Ku and a supporting cast of Chinese children introduced the audience to the most festive day of their year.
Open Tuesday and Wednesday, 11 A.M. to 6 P.M.; Thursday to Saturday, 10 A.M. to 6 P.M.; closed Monday.
Each village houses about 36 boys and 12 counselors.
Historically, the stock market has tended to decline after the number of companies raising payouts begins to rise, and to rise when the number of companies increasing dividends is on the decline.
"At least I have some friends now, and we all look after one another."
The agreement came during a tense visit by Mr. Bush, flanked by the heads of the Big Three auto makers and many parts suppliers.
"Nazism is a subject I've known all my life," said the designer, who was born in Berlin.
The usual hours are 12 to 5.
Carole Ferris created a cutout cityscape and William Wegman painted a dogless interpretation of Frank Lloyd Wright's Fallingwater.
The effort apparently failed, however, when their colleagues rejected the resignations, and the measure passed tonight, 329 to 17.
What kind of a year has been been for the longtime friends and colleagues ROBERT REDFORD and HARVEY WEINSTEIN?
Okidata, Lexmark and Texas Instruments offer excellent alternatives.
"But if the family is too critical or pessimistic about a member's abilities, the person with epilepsy may face major problems."
In the New York premiere of "Songs That Tell a Story," the Louvin Brothers' slick country hymns promise supermarket salvation, and here again Mr. Morris's device is often to mime the lyrics to deflate them.
You also have to get in shape.
But the episode illustrates how having the world's best technology does not always insure market success.
However, Mr. Koplik said that business at arenas and amphitheaters, which he called the core of the concert business, was just "mediocre to good."
Wednesday: Federal Reserve's "beige book" report * Auction of two-year Treasury notes.
The White House said Mr. Bush would also nominate Timothy E. Flanigan to be Assistant Attorney General in the Justice Department's Office of General Counsel.
The average health and biotechnology fund lost 9.51 percent in the quarter, Lipper said.
Residents say there is a new quality to nights in the inner city, with fewer sounds of gunfire.
The other 12 were taken into custody by the Cuban authorities, the official said.
In 1868, the Navajos, a nomadic sheep-herding tribe, were released from Federal internment in New Mexico.
Chattanooga, Tenn., $62.3 million in general obligation bonds.
Q: Brief, Governor Clinton, thank you.
Daniel Darlow, 38, a former Coast Guard gunner, graduated from law school in Laramie last fall.
Mr. McGowan was also known as a three-pack-a-day cigarette smoker who drank about two dozen cups of coffee a day, a regimen that stopped abruptly after he had a severe heart attack in 1986, followed by the heart transplant in 1987.
Robert Cooper East Hampton Town Councilman and former head of the town's Juvenile Aid Bureau.
Lalonde was scheduled to fight next in March 1989 against the W.B.C.
As the Pan American Games champion in 1991 and the silver medalist at the 1991 world championships, he enters the Olympic tournament ranked second in the world behind Aleksandr Karelin of the Unified Team, the defending Olympic champion and a wrestler undefeated in four years.
Though I like one: ENGLISH COTTAGE GARDENING FOR AMERICAN GARDENERS, written and photographed by Margaret Hensel (239 pp., Norton, $50), has the usual charming photographs, but the plant combinations are interesting and the information on hardiness, culture and sources undeniably useful -- albeit only to the hopelessly English-obsessed.
(AP) -- Malik Russell scored 8 points in a Notre Dame flurry that dashed Western Michigan's hopes of continuing its best season in a decade.
"But usually, people want to patch things up and bridge the gap in the final days for the benefit of both consciences."
According to Mr. Kindt's lawyers, he was first contacted by a Soviet official at a conference in 1967, where he was asked if he would write an article for a Soviet aerospace magazine.
Fearful that his aristocratic friends and family will scorn him for being a cowardly weakling at heart, he spends a lifetime trying to conceal his true nature; when World War II erupts, he realizes he is "more afraid of the stigma of noncombat duty than combat itself."
"It's an enormous pain, a black hole of time," he complained.
In the summer of 1919, for example, he produced a cycle of delightfully casual etchings of his family in their country home, and he began a succession of landscapes whose spare near-abstraction makes them among the most revelatory works in the show.
Storage Technology rose a further 2 7/8, to 69 3/8, as Alex.
The play was written by Jeffrey Essmann, the music by Michael John La Chiusa.
The court had given the agency until Wednesday to write new regulations or reissue the old ones.
Jefferson isn't the only school like this in New York, nor in the country.
GEORGE FOREMAN received the 1992 Acclaim Entertainment Harvard Lampoon Man of the Year Award yesterday at Harvard University.
DUMP MESSIER -- In the dressing room after practice yesterday, Captain Mark assembled the press corps (all four of us) and in his daily briefing reiterated his role as the "leader of the players" who must "feel their tempo and pulses" and "address a situation inhibiting them from playing to their capabilities."
In Oyster Bay, Democrats upset an incumbent Republican supervisor and won a special election to fill a seat in the State Assembly.
"The fact," Justice Holmes wrote, "that in order to give the exhibitions, the League must induce free persons to cross state lines and arrange and pay for their doing so is not enough to change the character of the business.
"But I had to have him in and thrash the matter out."
5-2 Lead for Graf "I don't try to be a psychiatrist," said Graf's new coach, Heinz Gunthardt, "but I think that now she maybe knows that she can lose, and knows why she can lose, but she isn't afraid of it.
The way around having proponents of various policies make an issue of one's every word -- or take statements out of context -- is to refuse to testify in open session.
"In Syosset," she said, "we like it this way and think it's working.
The Pentagon team postulated that Western forces would prevail in 90 days.
"For them, it's a way to get their names in the newspaper."
If you don't demand from yourself, how can you can set an example for another person to demand from himself?
Some businessmen have expressed concern about safety issues.
Hillary Iris Hirsch, the daughter of Patricia Hirsch of White Plains, was married in New York last evening to Todd Joseph Emmerman, a son of Mr. and Mrs. Ronald Emmerman of Highland Park, Ill.
Box 14328, St. Paul 55134-0328.
He said they were making a protest against what they saw as a climate that too readily condemned the police while casting criminals in sympathetic roles.
Indeed, Mr. Clinton's largest groups of contributors have been lawyers and lobbyists, who by some estimates have given more than $5 million.
Jim Florio's proposed $15.7 billion budget against Republican attack.
For four months this year, 16 Russians and 16 Americans lived in a "town" of 30 huts on an ice floe adrift in the least-explored body of water on earth.
Corn for July closed at $2.61 a bushel, up 1 1/2 cents.
In August 1965, years of frustration and resentment erupted into five days of rioting when a white policeman arrested a black man for drunk driving.
Focus groups can be a wake-up call.
Pour the olive oil in a highly heated large nonstick skillet and add the eggplant, red and green peppers and the onions.
The Padres placed catcher Benito Santiago on the 15-day disabled list with a fractured little finger on his right hand.
Another BAT executive, Frank Slocum, talks of a player "who was worth a million and a half dollars a few years ago.
Again, the President would insist on matching, but unspecified, spending cuts.
"They never sit down; they're up the wall and across the ceiling."
"So when I heard about Rogaine with minoxidil, I wanted to get all the facts for myself."
The girl was taken to Bellevue Hospital Center where she was listed in critical condition, the police said, and the man was admitted to Kings County Medical Center and was in serious condition.
And even now Mike Wallace or a reporter of similar temperament is doubtless on the trail of exactly how a man accumulates so much money.
With two out, Jones walked Murray and Bonilla back to back.
The margin of sampling error for the surveys was plus or minus three percentage points.
Bowing to international pressure, Mr. Hussein will allow arms inspectors to search Iraq's Agriculture Ministry.
The organization has been attacked both by politicians who claim that it is wrong for the Government to pick winners and losers and by industry executives who say that financing Sematech constitutes favoritism towards large American chip makers.
I'm not saying there was anything wrong with the poll; I am saying that a television reporter gave us a bad interpretation in order to drive the wave.
b-Included write-off of $ 75,000 related to expenses incurred in the merger attempt with Advanced Ross Corp. for both the quarter and 6 months.
They were further charged with grand larceny in the possible defrauding of the Bank of Scotland of at least $10 million.
I thought I'd catch him.
The tall cedars were once used as masts for sailing ships.
Far Horizons Cultural Discovery Trips, Post Office Box 1529, San Anselmo, Calif. 94960, (415) 457-4575, offers "Colorful Belize," for 10 days.
The department's report, prepared by George J. Terwilliger 3d, the Acting Deputy Attorney General, said that health-care fraud "is prevalent in every geographic area of the United States and has expanded to include organized criminal activity affecting health care programs in both the Government and private insurance industry."
William Glenn performed the ceremony at Zion Baptist Church in Philadelphia.
The team owner, who spoke on condition that he not be named, said he expects his fellow owners to choose between Bettman and Stein at a board of governors meeting in Palm Beach, Fla., that begins on Dec. 10.
Press to Democrat: It has been charged that Jeffrey Dahmer is a registered Democrat.
"Scandals haven't just begun with the recent stories," Gutman said.
"It is always good politics to pose as the defender of the poor by declaring high prices illegal," said William J. Baumol, the director of the C. V. Starr Center for Applied Economics at New York University.
"We've provided various levels of support.
Basilio Georges headed a musical ensemble that included Thomas Chapin, Rex Benincasa and Suzanne Bass.
"There is an incredible degree of uncertainty that exists in the economy," he said.
Bill Fitch, the Nets' coach then, did not let the big contract Anderson secured influence Anderson's playing time.
The bridge was organized as a 16-player individual event by Bridge Today magazine, and the field consisted largely of players with world reputations.
A few freshly carpeted miles away (40,000 square yards of carpet are installed for the exhibition, to be taken up afterward), the president of Back to Basics Products, a Utah concern, was also turning a wooden crank.
Mr. Miyazawa said now that relations with South Africa had become normal, investment by Japanese companies was likely to expand.
Dr. Harleston, who grew up in Harlem and in Hempstead, L.I., took office as the ninth president of City College, and its first black president, on Aug. 3, 1981.
Turkey, which is battling its own Kurdish separatist movement, and Iran, which has a large Kurdish population, fear that the creation of an independent Kurdish state in Iraq could fan separatist movements within their own borders.
Exit polls in both Illinois and Michigan showed about 4 of 10 Democrats or independents who voted for Mr. Bush in 1988 voting for Mr. Clinton this time.
In bungee jumping, participants are hoisted to heights of between 150 and 300 feet on cranes or towers while wearing a body harness that is attached to three to five elasticized ropes called "bungee cords."
In Ms. Flagg's version (published by McGraw Hill), two of those women are clearly lovers, which makes more sense than the film's relatively indirect account.
Last Christmas Eve, the United States Court of Appeals for the Ninth Circuit determined that a Los Angeles record store owner, Edmundo Perez, had violated copyright laws by purchasing recordings manufactured abroad and importing them to the United States without the permission of BMG Music, CBS Inc. and A&M Records Inc., the companies holding the copyrights.
The army and police say they are thwarting four out of five intended terrorist attacks.
The 1991 show raised $45,071,857 in viewer pledges, a telethon record, with corporate sponsors contributing another $65 million.
A British bank with branches in India that lost hundreds of millions of dollars in a stock scandal said on Friday that its top Indian official was taking a leave of absence.
Carthon did not return several telephone calls placed yesterday to his Arkansas home, but he was quoted yesterday in Newsday and The Star-Ledger of Newark as saying that Handley had misled him about how he would be used in the 1991 season, his seventh with the team.
He compiled a .240 average and a reputation for consistent power.
"People even started to put leaded glass shades in their houses," Mr. Greenland said, marveling.
SAVORY BEANS AND GREENS COOKED IN THE FIREPLACE 1 tablespoon extra-virgin olive oil 1 large onion, peeled and diced 2 ounces pancetta, finely chopped, optional 6 to 8 cloves garlic, peeled and chopped 3/4 pound cooking greens (mustard, collard, Swiss chard, kale, etc.)
You can always buy an ice-cream cone at the top of the Spanish Steps and stroll along the edge of the Borghese Gardens, stopping at the belvedere on the Pincio at sunset.
"I see this as a tremendous outpouring from the Christian community to help her see that there is hope and commitment on their part," he said.
"Barbara likes McNeil-Lehrer," Ms. Pesek said, "and 'The Golden Girls.'
Peary Court is 29 acres of open green space adjoining a neighborhood of Victorian gingerbread houses that has been designated a National Historic District.
Mr. Deng's speeches during his trip to the south suggest that while he would like accelerated economic change he has no intention of easing political controls significantly.
Agency companies like Omnicom, Interpublic and Saatchi have configured their agencies as independent, separate networks to attract, and retain, as many clients as possible, by allieviating potential client conflicts.
Old Steinways, he added, "had quality wood, great metals and excellent craftsmanship."
He went to California in 1915 on a commission for a sculpture, and lived most of the rest of his life in San Francisco, where he died in 1970.
Then it was 'Maybe I can make it for one round,' and finally a whole tournament."
Charles Busch's on-target sendup of a 1940's-style Hollywood flag-waving melodrama is populated by a glamour queen with a Grade B budget and an X-rated past, a baron who is a "pathetic mother-fixated" fool; his mother, a Hitler-obsessed nymphomaniac, and a mad doctor on the prowl for human experiments, not to mention motley sadomasochists, in or out of drag, "in carefree Bavaria."
Vicki Margulies has been named director of Merkin Concert Hall, it was recently announced by executives of the Elaine Kaufman Cultural Center.
This indicates to me a total lack of integrity on the part of the individual officials and the N.B.A.
But diplomats said that once again, it appears to be on a collision course with Baghdad.
The 170 hours of performances Bernstein recorded for Unitel video are also finding their way to laser disks.
"We have a state-mandated cap on our budget increases," the Mayor said in an interview.
"What I saw there was no riot," said Jack McCarthy, a resource room teacher.
Many states including New Jersey and Connecticut, and the Federal prison system, have adopted stronger work policies.
Save items needing complete refinishing for winter projects.
But there was intense disagreement about which network will best be able to carry the May results into the next television season.
The temptation of European stocks comes from their moderate prices.
The black commissioners say they have been unsuccessful in other efforts to establish county bus service or obtain recreational buildings.
Understanding the meaning of tzedakah, the Hebrew word for charity, is part of the 4- and 5-year-olds' curriculum, said Lenore Memeth, a teacher at the nursery school.
Nor are they necessarily unfair if the Perot plan is examined in its totality.
Mr. Zeifman's departure from Straight Arrow, where he served in jobs including vice president of corporate sales and associate publisher of Rolling Stone, had been expected.
Tyco Toys Inc. has completed itsacquisition of the Universal Matchbox Group.
Yet he supports Mr. Barr's refusal to seek a truly independent counsel.
Environmentalists say the Bureau of Reclamation, which manages the project, has caused enormous damage.
When inflation threatens, the Germans have always thrown diplomacy and solicitude for their neighbors to the winds, and they did so again last week.
MR. KARDARAS It's very possible.
PAUL MASSON SUMMER SERIES Saratoga, today-Oct. 18 (408-741-5181).
The German parliament has already approved a measure to do that, and the upper chamber is expected to pass it, too, by the end of December.
Mr. Diamond, 40 years old, had been managing director and head of fixed-income securities at Morgan Stanley International in London.
Appeal to the Legislature Under the state's environmental conservation law, the environmentalists said, the projects should be looked at as a whole, in order to preserve the land and the aquifer.
"It seemed alien and interesting that there would be a price for a given piece of information and that you could trace the percolation of an idea through a community by seeing the fluctuation of its price."
She was a graduate of Clarke College in Dubuque, Iowa, and attended Loyola University Medical School and Loyola University Law School in Chicago.
The treaty's detractors made wide use of the alibi that it is selfish for Western Europe to strengthen its ties while the East is left to wait disconsolately at the back door.
Mr. McCarthy's complex story calls to mind another horse-and-rider Western novel, "The Wonderful Country," written and beautifully illustrated by Tom Lea, which is also set along the Rio Grande but in a more innocent time.
(He never lost his fascination with depicting gradations of skin color.)
Bowman recounted the episode today, characterizing it simply as a mugging.
In April, Ohio had an unemployment rate of 6.9 percent, as against a national rate of 7.2 percent.
Personally they are victims of that same chaos.
The strike eventually prompted the E.W.
And McMillan said that as long as he remains with the Jets, "there's no chance of me being a safety again."
The cancer institute study was an analysis of some two dozen studies from around the world, Dr. Blair said.
Her mother is a real-estate broker with the William B.
In that case, the Japanese companies' American subsidiaries were involved in shellfish purchases, so that the legal authority of American courts would have been clear if the case had gone to trial, Mr. Rill said.
Asked to identify which programs the Administration was talking about, Mr. Fitzwater snapped, "I don't have a list with me."
6 * 6 WHEN YOU LOOK LIKE YOUR PASSPORT PHOTO, IT'S TIME TO GO HOME, by Erma Bombeck.
The 480 layoffs amount to about 1 percent of the company's 47,000 workers and come on top of 800 job eliminations announced in the summer.
After Mauritania withdrew its claim in 1979, the Polisario was pitted against only Morocco, which built a sand berm hundreds of miles long along the edge of the territory it occupied to keep the guerrillas out of the mineral-rich area.
Indeed, Rubbermaid gradually shifted products once made here -- bathtub appliques and plastic-handled sponges, for example -- to its other plants.
"I'm glad somebody thinks so," I answered, "I feel like I'm wearing a Rorschach blot."
It is, instead, a living example of what master improvisers can do with a few sketches for material.
Before announcing her decision today, Mrs. Finney had said she was undecided about whether to sign the bill or veto it as too weak.
These figures would seem to refute a statement you quote from a retailing professional, "The reports of the death of the department stores are premature."
That the crimes attributed to Mr. White are indeed heinous can hardly excuse such callous indifference to his most fundamental constitutional rights.
Raymond Crepeau, a local car dealer, has been doing a brisk trade in used Secret Service minivans -- low mileage, discounted, and a story to pass on to the grandchildren.
The result was "Be Our Guest," the Busby Berkeley-style number in which Belle is serenaded by furniture and dishes.
"I've felt this way for almost a month now," Kelly said.
And these bins may be different from what you would expect.
It includes "Gathering Hay in the Salt Marshes," by Martin Johnson Heade (1860), and John Frederick Kensett's "Contentment Island, Darien, Conn." (1872).
Rochelle Stevens, a women's 400-meter finalist, on the draining heat and humidity here: "I have been training for this heat back home in Memphis.
It is certainly apparent in Sandro Chia's 1982 bronze "Figure With Tear and Arrow" at the Murray and Isabella Rayburn Foundation, with its minute head and lower body looking like an arrested lava flow.
Ultimately, Mac flung his own skinny body on the ground, and simulated death throes.
Mr. Stuart initially told the police a black gunman had shot the couple in their car shortly after they left a class on childbirth.
A1 MEDELLIN DRUG LORD ESCAPES Colombia's President said that Pablo Escobar, one of the world's most powerful drug traffickers, escaped in the confusion of a gun battle when forces tried to transfer him from his resort-like prison.
Michael Jordan had his 25th career triple-double for the Bulls, getting 23 points, 10 rebounds and 10 assists.
Using a carpenter's square, slice through the flooring by drawing the utility knife along the side of the square nearest the wall.
As for women, unfortunately for them, they cannot continue to dress as they have.
Even those who were enthusiastic about the evening's power warned that it by itself could not permanently alter racial conflicts in the city.
And the London-based Hammerson concern will renew its commitment to New York, said its real estate consultant, Edwin A. Cogan of Toronto.
The new "Earthcry" is a plotless group work that speaks of the choreographer's concern for the earth in rather impersonal tones.
But shortly after midnight Thursday, Serbian shells began hitting the center of the city again, and by dawn a major battle was in progress at Dobrinja, the suburb of 35,000 that served as the athletes' village for the 1984 Winter Olympics.
doorman, dining area, 1,800-sq.-ft. terrace, 2 fireplaces; maintenance $1,750, 47% tax-deductible (Broker: Corcoran Group) Upper West Side $312,000 130 West 79th Street (Austin) 2-bedroom, 2-bath, 1,000-sq.-ft. condo in a 5-year-old building; 24-hr.
C17 Word and Image: "Memphis," on TNT.
Slobodan Milosevic, the President of the Serbian republic, has repeatedly denied that paramilitary forces from Serbia are active in Bosnia.
He has the job of lining up trucks and rail cars to deliver raw materials to plants and to ship flying disks, body-surfing boards and children's electric cars to hundreds of stores.
The move would give Tele-Communications, based in Denver, entry into the phone business.
He said the bus, which flipped over after hitting the first car, landed upright in the opposite lane, pinning the second car to the guardrail.
The frenzy generated by the air fares spilled over to buses, trains and motor-coach tours, each of which has reported increased summer bookings.
(If puree is too thick, add some cold water).
But there's got to be room for a women's sport like this in the Olympics."
The critic, Fred Wertheimer, president of Common Cause, the public interest lobbying group, said there were two issues for the Senate.
There were divisions among the American, British, Russian and French leaders and their prosecutorial staffs about what constituted criminality in wartime; about the written and unwritten rules of war themselves; about who should be put in the dock: only the high-level German warmongers and genocidal policy makers or also the big industrialists who supported Hitlerism with armaments and slave labor.
An example of one television ad is one that shows a young woman who has AIDS.
So Chiquita is test-marketing Chiquita Juniors.
"It is a grand idea to say that you sat where Lenin or Stalin or whoever sat, but it is not enough to justify the air fare over here."
I think Donny will get it together.
In the suit story, Mr. Bagneris, who impersonates Morton, recalls how when traveling in the South, he would impress the women in small towns by parading in elegant suits, which he would change three or four times a day.
This is likely to be a strong suit for Motorola.
Mr. Littlefield dismissed all those rumors, saying the network had been pursuing a new deal with Mr. Carson all along.
Dr. Rajfer said nitric oxide is emerging as one of the most powerful known biological substances.
The suit was brought after the homeowners discovered what they said were construction flaws.
"We needed society to give its ethical and moral support.
She and her husband were about to try to adopt a child.
Those shares were worth more than $780,000, based on Chrysler's closing price of $30.125 a share, up 37.5 cents, on the Big Board today.
b-After a loss from an accounting adjustment of $ 43,470,000 which reflects change in revenue recognition method.c-Net incomeThe company is listed on the Nasdaq National Market System.
Now, as the influential Catholic group called Opus Dei, the Work of God, awaits the beatification of its Spanish founder, new elements have crept in, too: controversy, charge and countercharge.
The price is $70 to $100, and the package includes a copy of The World Almanac and Book of Facts.
Retail sales climbed nine-tenths of 1 percent in April, essentially offsetting a March decline that was bigger than first thought, Commerce Department figures showed today.
And the pushbutton keychain that allows a driver to unlock the car and get into it fast is another welcome safety feature, particularly in the dark.
"I'm scared to death of him."
After he watched the United States rout Argentina, 128-87, on Wednesday night, Bird said he was experiencing more than mere discomfort, the official line on the level of his pain and a typical Celticlike understatement.
Hospitals found themselves offering signing bonuses, subsidizing apartments, creating do-it-yourself work schedules and repaying employees' student loans.
Wall Street securities analysts insist they don't hold it against a company they follow when the company takes on what they consider a dopey name.
For years now, she has accepted his moods, his defensiveness, his surly withholding, and when he suffers a mysterious debilitating illness, she tries to minister to his needs.
On Thursday, 2,000 people in seven cities including New York, Washington and Los Angeles attended "Hunger Banquets" to aid a domestic hunger program of Oxfam America.
Drabek came into the game with a streak of 23 shutout innings against Montreal, including 17 this season.
Still, Judge Weinshienk's ruling may have opened a loophole for beer companies that want to make an issue of potency in their advertising.
The banks financing Eurotunnel P.L.C.
"I think the recent news events and the attitude of the media are both playing a part in people's thinking," said Senator Christopher J. Mega, the Brooklyn Republican who is sponsoring the bill.
He abandoned composing, but he eventually worked with stars like Judy Holliday, Ethel Merman, Barbra Streisand and Yul Brynner.
In any event, after he received Judge Mikva's statement from a reporter, Judge Silberman issued a news release in response.
rising at a 1.3 percent annual rate or slipping as much as two-tenths of a percent.
Spread the moistened couscous in a large flat pan or dish with sides.
A Record for Barrasso The victory was the 12th of the season and the 89th in Barrasso's career with the Penguins and broke the franchise record held by Denis Herron, who was with the Penguins three different times, starting in 1972.
But of course he carries it with him, and flight offers no escape.
Several neighbors who requested anonymity said investigators have come through from time to time, asking residents to search their memories for some recollection that could provide fresh avenues to investigate.
"I didn't know what I was going to do from the next day to the next.
Both sides gained something they wanted and lost something they wanted.
If people don't work, if they can work, they shouldn't eat."
At least $300 million that was paid to Mr. bin Mahfouz for his shares were falsely recorded as loans, Mr. Morgenthau said, and those false loans were then presented to auditors as genuine assets.
Radical Business Restructuring Under Mr. Weinberg, the company embarked on an ambitious strategy in the late 1980's to build its business by opening more stores, at a time that unit sales of suits costing more than $300, Hartmarx's core business, were essentially flat.
* Beware of showroom sales-fever reasoning: i.e., "for $20 .
It begins with pungent brass proclamations alternating with fervently declaimed timpani solos.
Revising Trenton's Budget Just weeks after approving $1.1 billion in cuts, G.O.P.
Although she offered the collection to several universities before approaching the Library of Congress, "they were all on such tight budgets that they could not house the material or make it available to people," she said.
For St. Clare's MONDAY -- St. Clare's Hospital and Health Center and its AIDS center will hold its 10th annual benefit at the Marriott Marquis.
The situation could quickly affect delivery of The New York Times and other newspapers because drivers from the same union will be delivering papers to Imperial's wholesaler, which would then deliver the papers to newsstands and other outlets.
"The land is bigger than me, older than me; it's going to be around a lot longer than me," said Kahrl, who chose to be a cowboy when he and his wife, Kathleen Crawford, bought the Sarah Faith Ranch in 1987.
Just how independent will the I.B.M.
In March, 1,051 of the nation's 12,000 banks qualified for the label "troubled bank" because their top-secret report card showed low grades of 4 or 5 on a scale of 1 to 5.
As one White House official noted: "If it's clear we have not gotten momentum from the three debates, half the White House will turn to 'Jim Baker wasn't so great after all' spinning and the Baker team will turn to 'Everything was such an unbelievable mess before we got here that even Baker couldn't win it.'
Songs can be selected by title, artist or composer, and snippets of a Spartan, computer-synthesized arrangement can be heard.
But the chance exists that the Fed will move quickly if employment data for December are weaker than anticipated.
Colon cancer will be diagnosed in about 111,000 Americans this year, and about 51,000 will die from the disease this year, according to the American Cancer Society.
They like the food, they feel somewhat intimidated by the French people."
At the Congressional hearing earlier this month, Mr. Donaho said the plans' "surreptitious formation of subsidiaries is in direct violation of a 1988 order" from his agency.
University of Cincinnati, $70 million in debt securities.
Child protection workers are not entitled to parents' prior criminal records, which are kept confidential under state laws meant to safeguard privacy.
She was Shannon Miller, not Kim Zmeskal.
"Every day, officers arrived with papers for some prisoners," he said.
The sleek house belonged to Sally's brother, who recently died of AIDS, and it sits smack in the middle of a largely gay summer colony.
But few have faced the question how such large amounts are to be raised.
"These men, through panic, fear for their future or raw ambition, seemed willing to destroy LAPD, to harm its morale and cast aspersions not just on me but on the entire organization," he wrote.
His last fight was a decision loss to Tyson in June, a bout in which Ruddock suffered a broken jaw.
and the Federal Bureau of Investigation shut down Omni's headquarters.
The talks, called the Convention on a Democratic South Africa, are aimed at creating an elected constituent assembly to write a new constitution.
The number of "tune ins," Prodigy argot for individual sessions by a member during a month, reached 10.1 million in October.
Images of Leadership In a televised "sound bite" that reverberated far and wide and that conjures up the images of a take-charge President that media consultants like, Mr. Bush declared that only he had what it takes to "stand up to the Baghdad bully."
Twenty-nine percent of all Hispanic students and 29 percent of all female students during the same time frame would not have been allowed into the university.
"Chief Justice Wilentz has rocks in his head."
The question of which energy forms the Government should support is drawing increased attention with the change of administrations.
May Win Again Lawmakers in both parties say that if Mr. Weicker succeeds again this year, the stereotype of independent governors as ineffective will have to be rethought.
The news suggested that for the first time since the privately held group was assembled by Mr. Shikanai's father-in-law 25 years ago, it would not be run by a member of the founder's family, which is still the key shareholder.
To block Sendero's emergence into a mass movement, Peru needs to return to full democracy.
A fine example of what is being done in the Hautes Cotes is the Domaine Guyon's Hautes-Cotes de Nuits 1988, at about $11.
They recognize that we don't all learn to walk at the same time."
That idea says that we will sacrifice for growth, but that everybody must join in the sacrifice, not just a few.
And even when Thomas and Dumars are not double-teamed, the Knicks' guards have played superior one-on-one defense.
Marlboro remains America's best-selling cigarette, with a market share almost equal to those of the No.
Michael Kinsley, the program's host, asked, "Does it make us a white country because most people in this country are white?"
In particular, she objected to Justice Thomas's assertion that prisoners presenting claims of excessive force should have to clear the high legal hurdles that the Court has required of prisoners bringing Eighth Amendment challenges to general conditions of confinement.
They are pleased with their education and, owing to the university's connections in the city, about 75 percent of last year's graduates found jobs by the end of the summer.
But at least Americans will have acted coolly and sanely to meet their human instincts -- not as fools.
Either you stick, a la Mascetti, to the old black-cape-and-crucifix model (in which case you cuddle up to Count Chocula), or else you go for allegory, which lets anything be a vampire.
On Saturday, in an expansive mood, Mr. Bush said Truman used to make reporters eat his dust on fast walks.
Emerging from the session, Mr. Bailey said he would not publicly discuss details until the judge had cleared him to comment.
We must do it together.
Mr. Parretti is wanted on criminal perjury charges in Delaware stemming from one case.
Paine Webber Net income at Paine Webber in the third quarter surged to a record $51.67 million, or $1.06 a share, from $38.36 million, or 81 cents a share, in the 1991 quarter.
's chief financial officer, will take early retirement.
She keeps her clothes stacked around the room on chairs, on tables next to stacks of fan letters, next to her recycling bin.
And it is perhaps a lesser evil that the mine and the church, formally known as San Cayetano, make up one of the few spots around Guanajuato where visitors may have trouble ignoring the churning tourist trade -- souvenir and food stalls -- around them.
Maybe we won't get as many long runs as we did last week, but it can be a grind-it-out thing.
In contrast to the indifference a discontented Chevrolet buyer may expect after demanding that General Motors fire its president, a discontented Giants fan demanding Coach Handley's head seems to receive a sympathetic hearing from the authorities.
It appears to be euphemism for a resurgent Russia.
The only way to transform the City Council into an independent and effective legislative body is for City Council members to organize themselves into a body that can provide meaningful review of the city's budget and vigorous monitoring of municipal agencies.
While top-of-the-line Nintendo and Sega systems use 16-bit microprocessors, the 3DO system will use the same 32-bit microprocessor that Apple Computer is using in its Newton personal digital assistant.
Unless a committed group of investors steps forward quickly, the only step that remains is for National and American league owners to approve the sale of the club to a group in Florida.
David Koplow, a professor at Georgetown University Law School, said: "There are people with pain which everyone believes is real and affecting the person's ability to work.
"King Faisal of Saudi Arabia used to say there are three great powers in the world: America, Russia and Kuwait," said Ibrahim Majid al-Shaheen, State Minister for Municipal Affairs.
"I'm not trying to harp on what happened or my experiences last year, but it does stun you a little."
So far, that has not happened.
"Shaquille has to know that in every game he will play, at any level, he will be treated rougher and rougher," said Walton, referring to O'Neal's one-game suspension last week after being involved in a fight during a Southeastern Conference tournament game.
I think I've signed more than 10,000 books, and the people who come are 90 percent black.
Loose natural color linen pants and assorted tops are part of her resort picture.
When an Egyptian journalist questioned Mr. Rabin about his country's refusal to abide by United Nations resolutions calling for a withdrawal of Israeli forces from the occupied territories, the Prime Minister began an impassioned appeal for a resolution to the conflict.
Ann Ormsby, a spokeswoman for the bar association, said the group would send it to "the appropriate committees for review" when a copy came in.
For one thing, the meeting is likely to be dominated by the subject of aid to the former Soviet Union, and Mr. Bush's political advisers are worried about inflaming the strong sentiment against foreign aid that has been evident in the campaign so far.
Law-enforcement officials have said the kidnappers demanded that "millions of dollars in used $100 bills" be placed in a specified type of laundry bag, but have not disclosed what happened to the money or even if it was delivered.
Without referring directly to Iraq, Mr. Bush, in remarks on his foreign policy goals in an interview with David Brinkley that was taped on Thursday, said: "We're going to try to be the guarantor of nonproliferation of nuclear weapons, for example, not sole guarantor, but I feel that strongly.
The publication of a secret cable from Mao to Stalin in 1950 has provided the first documentary evidence of the Chinese leader's intentions in making the risky decision to enter the Korean War and engage American forces in combat.
In 1969, he was assigned to investigate a leftist organization and sent several of its members to jail.
Ordinary guards were busting by him like vans running red lights in the city.
Gay men and lesbians, whose political allegiances had been split between Democrats and Republicans, rallied to Mr. Clinton with voter registration drives and more than $2.5 million in contributions.
And then, he said, "fasten your seat belt -- there's turbulence ahead."
And some forecasts predict a drop of 25 percent to 30 percent.
Will Have to Reapply The resolution adopted tonight says that the Belgrade Government must reapply for membership in the United Nations, as the other constituent republics of the old Yugoslav federation have already done, and has no right to continue occupying the old seat.
It might be fairer to say that she wouldn't keep, or did not want to keep, the child.
President Patricio Aylwin welcomed the completion of the North American Free Trade Agreement today and said it would enable Chile to negotiate its free trade pact with the United States.
Hockey National Hockey League CALGARY FLAMES -- Traded Martin Simard, right wing, to the Quebec Nordiques for Greg Smyth, defenseman.
In the process, say good-bye to England and hello to America.
"The outcome in Donana will be a vital test for European conservation," said Jaime Vozmediano, a lawyer and a member of the park board.
If you're not interested in the New York skyline or the up-and-coming New Jersey megalopolis, riding on the upper deck can at the very least put you in a good mood.
In New York trading, the dollar rose to 1.6250 German marks, from 1.5930 on Tuesday.
Good Guys on the Bench The Nets also got a lift from Sam Bowie and Derrick Coleman (12 points, 7 rebounds), both of whom returned after missing the previous two games with injuries.
Those two findings from the latest New York Times/CBS News Poll underscored the political menace in the bank scandal at a time when Congress's reputation is generally terrible, when 31 Representatives have already announced that they do not plan to run again and when the lawmakers' side of the story is not selling with the public.
No one, in fact, says very much in this film.
Ann dreams about these bondage stories, finding them so provocative and disturbing that she goes back into therapy herself.
The children flee in terror, and why not?
The rub is that while the presidents have raised academic hurdles, they haven't proportionately increased free time to allow athletes to clear them.
David Letterman is the most wanted man in television.
For example, in the previous game, Spassky created an exciting situation but could not restrain himself from attacking before he was fully prepared.
Suddenly, this gifted man who had brought so much good feeling to his sport was becoming a walking supermarket tabloid.
"As an association executive, I will never say that anything is dead, because I will get 27 calls from different people," he said.
Three Street-pleasing trends are driving Cummins's stock performance.
At the start of the Jewish New Year, a period of spiritual reflection, Jews who were airlifted here from Ethiopia complain that Israel's religious and civil authorities treat them as somehow less Jewish than others.
The charges against Mr. Moran, who lives in London, stem from his trades in the stock of the Zondervan Corporation, a publisher of religious materials based in Grand Rapids, Mich.
"Sheik Rafsanjani is dealing with these people like a man cutting another man's throat with a cotton razor," said Mohammad Sadeq al-Hashemi, an Iranian businessman and politician close to Mr. Rafsanjani's circle.
"It was a good tie, because I thought we played a complete game," said defenseman Jeff Beukeboom said.
Mr. Clinton then and telephoned Arkansas college presidents to explain what he had done.
It almost makes you think that all the intelligence in the state is going into the private sector, and the dregs of our society are moving into the public sector."
Plans call for an aggressive marketing campaign, making use of advertising, public relations, radio and television to woo companies to the county, Ms. Soter said.
Wang Laboratories Inc., which filed for bankruptcy protection in August, informed customers and investors yesterday that its results for the fiscal year that ended on June 30 would be far worse than previously announced.
Joseph A. Murray performed the Roman Catholic ceremony at Holy Cross Church in Rumson, N.J. Mrs. O'Sullivan, 26 years old, is an account manager for Clearway Inc., an automotive parts distributor in Queens Village.
The pilot apparently walked to a house nearby for help and was taken to the hospital at the base, Captain Rellyea said.
Fu showed her magic in Seattle, in August 1990, when she won the platform diving event at the Goodwill Games.
's deputy director of operations, is that he first repeatedly misled members of Congress and then investigators as the Iran-contra affair began to unravel in the final months of 1986.
To the Editor: Although tourism development officials and private tour operators print hundreds of pamphlets telling foreign visitors how to get around in New York City, there is still nothing like the human touch.
Kevin Young took the lead early and won the 400-meter hurdles in 48.57 seconds, almost two seconds off the world record of 46.78 he set in the Barcelona Olympics.
Most rebates are handled by an organization called Sweden Taxfree Shopping, which has 15,000 affiliated stores.
Both men would be well-advised to listen carefully to Governor Cuomo's advice.
Coating Bars With Epoxy Additives like those made by Grace and Sandoz are not the most frequently used technique in the struggle against corrosion.
The horizontal images seem to run together across the pages, and the book's brash Day-Glo cover undermines the seriousness and artistry of its contents.
Mr. Roddam's film is something other.
Now a Transit Authority bus garage, this 105,000-square-foot Coliseum was moved from Philadelphia in 1928, and not one, but two, civic groups want to reuse it as a sports arena when it goes out of service next year.
LOS ANGELES RAMS -- Released Jerry Kauric, kicker.
In those cases, the state has normally hired outside lawyers, called "pool lawyers," to handle the defense.
But many experts believe that other factors, including the House bank and post office scandals, legislative gridlock, reapportionment, members' frustration with Congress and a general anti-Washington fervor also played a part in the voluntary and involuntary departure of 66 House members thus far.
As viewed here, the current drift in Europe involves a resurgent Germany, opposed as ever to Serbian power, a Germany that has secured its long-sought access to the Mediterranean through a subservient Croatia.
Although Mr. Hung said he felt more comfortable in New York, not all of his countrymen have been accepting.
The winner will be announced Dec. 3.
A 1988 Government survey of Federal employees reported that 42 percent of women and 14 percent of men said they had been recipients of unwanted sexual attention.
Unfortunately, we are as disillusioned as he is.
In a telephone interview, Brian Feldman, a spokesman for the lodging chain at Hospitality Franchise Systems in Parsippany, N.J., confirmed reports of the review this week in Advertising Age and Adweek.
"The Origin of Whales" begins promisingly with a young boy's visit to a no-nonsense elderly aunt, but ultimately reads more like an early sketch than a full-bodied story.
Now Cristina Saralegui is hoping to find herself on a first-name basis with the rest of America -- just like Oprah, Geraldo, Phil and all the other talk-show hosts her new English-language program is challenging.
After the Republicans pounded Bill Clinton on his shifting responses to questions about his draft status during the Vietnam War, Democrats seem ready to show that Mr. Bush may have similar vulnerabilities over his candor on the Iran-contra affair.
The crocuses, Crocus chrysanthus Blue Pearl (actually white with pink edges), open and the white and blue vinca bloom.
Three weeks after the DeBoers joyously took the baby to the corn-yellow bedroom with the green floral border they had decorated for her in Michigan, Ms. Clausen, distraught over the loss, told Mr. Schmidt about the baby.
At East Seventh Street and Avenue B, the taxi lurched around the corner and Mr. Sliwa tumbled out, seriously wounded.
The phantom, call him Erik, is enamored of her voice -- "a miracle of silk spun to gold" -- and the psychological associations it evokes.
Few Details on Collision The Navy said that the American submarine was struck from below by the surfacing Russian submarine, which then headed back to port.
A party spokesman quoted Mr. Rao as telling Congress delegates at a late-night meeting at his residence that the battle against the Hindu revivalist party would be "a long-drawn struggle."
Throughout the five days of meetings with European business leaders and interviews with foreign reporters, the Mayor said he had to battle the widespread "image of New York City as a wild place that gets people shot down in the street."
The Tuscan Grill represents his return to Waltham, where in 1981 he opened a restaurant named Allegro.
A rowing team from Hempstead Turnpike seems a bit odd.
At a news conference in the Arkansas State House, Mr. Clinton vowed to press ahead with his pledge to lift the ban on homosexuals in the armed forces, despite complaints from the Pentagon and signs of resistance from an important Democrat in Congress.
Even for the league's worst teams, solid free- agent signings could become a fast route to gaining respectability.
And it allows them to present their case without having to answer many specific questions.
in London, the third-largest advertising company, with billings last year of $11.7 billion, said that on Oct. 1 it would create a third international agency network to join Saatchi & Saatchi Advertising Worldwide and Backer Spielvogel Bates Worldwide.
Their fans might adore them no matter what, but the Vikings would advise them not to take any chances.
The United States was seeded fourth.
It's within you, a passion."
That means that Mario Johnson will have to get a little bit more playing time in the rotation in the middle and we may or may not pick up another player."
As for the President's 800 number, viewers couldn't help but be struck but the debt this campaign owes to Edmund G. Brown Jr.
Quebec, which sees itself not just as one of 10 provinces but as the home of one of Canada's two founding peoples, is upset by the idea of equality among the provinces.
Premiere attracts readers by taking a hard look at business and production practices in Hollywood.
Lee said he appeared before a Federal grand jury in New Jersey in the early 1980's and was not indicted.
Price range: Dinner: appetizers, $6.75 to $8.75; entrees, $16.75 to $26.75.
The Gap Inc., with its well-known clothing outlets, yesterday reached 53 1/2, up a stunning 218.5 percent from 16 1/4 a year ago.
He added that the decision was made without a review.
John H. Cushman Jr.: Your Taxes.
But Wally Harris, the supervisor of officials for the game, said Koharski's call was "dumb" and that he should have called penalties against both players for the stick infractions.
"People are still working in here," said Nicole Montagna, a freshman from Brooklyn who is studying sociology and was one of the students arrested.
Since driving is a challenging activity requiring rapid visual and cognitive processing, with execution of rapid motor responses, a review of driving habits and record may provide valuable early clues to diagnoses such as Alzheimer's disease.
But one pugnacious businessman has continued to wheel and deal at a furious pace, culminating with his bold financing of the scheduled comeback of the United States chess genius Bobby Fischer against his old rival Boris Spassky in this Adriatic resort not far from the fighting.
Ke7 26 Re1) 26 Nd5 Qd8 27 Nf6.
"He said I shouldn't worry," Mr. Battle said.
It was the 53rd grand prix victory for Matz, but just the first for his mount.
A final note: the exhibition is accompanied by a catalogue that contains one of the best essays of the season.
I prepare the fish in the Basque style, en cazuela.
Describing the dive, she said: "I was a little more anxious, and the nerves got the best of me.
One of the leaders is the Rev.
Now they are taking hold.
Bush, perhaps because of his genes and certainly because of his admitted loyalties, felt compelled to stop and stump, if you will, on behalf of Vincent.
But as an elaboration of Emily Bronte's supremely accomplished novel, it is likely to give offense.
The shopping center sits on a small hill overlooking a struggling black neighborhood, a pocket of stores surrounded by poverty and neglect.
When negotiations on South Africa's political future bogged down in May, it was, in a sense, because they were so near success.
His survivors include a brother, Arthur, of Los Altos Hills, Calif.
But officials said in interviews that the election last year of Sadako Ogata of Japan as United Nations High Commissioner for Refugees had apparently satisfied Tokyo that its contributions were being recognized.
They just want an even break, they say in Queens -- cleaner streets, a little respect, the old fire brigade back, that idyllic time when "the city" with all its pleasures and problems meant Manhattan, across the river, and Queens was a semisuburban refuge a short subway ride away.
And for more than 20 years, Mames on tour, in dinner theaters, in stock, haven't had a clue to characterization, but sang, held a bugle, took part in a cakewalk -- or tapped -- on cue.
"Other people accept for seated black-tie dinners and don't show up.
Then, have it excavated, cut up and hauled away, or at least have it filled with sand and cement.
But politics seem less rabid here, Mr. Alvarez, the aide to Mr. Menendez, said.
Jerry Brimeyer, a drug analyst at Shearson Lehman Brothers, said the new approval would not provide a big boost for Videx sales, which were $17.3 million in the first half of this year.
Handley said the Giants had not called any and at the moment did not plan to.
"How many people does he know who have already left the church because lesbian and gay people no longer feel welcome?"
With Spain's economy booming and advertising jumping by as much as 25 percent a year, Spanish and foreign business groups scrambled in the late 1980's to start new newspapers, unconcerned that Spaniards have never been avid newspaper readers.
"The more that is learned about lead's effects on children and fetuses, the lower the blood lead level at which adverse effects can be documented," the Public Health Service said.
Preheat the oven to 350 degrees.
Mr. Heller had wanted Mr. Kennedy to adopt a tax credit that rewarded businesses for increasing capital outlays each year.
"I really felt sorry for Tony.
Amway has more than 10,000 employees and two million distributors worldwide.
Washington's domination was so complete in the first half of the opening period that the Devils took their first shot, by Tom Chorske, after Washington already had 11 attempts against Billington, who ended up with 34 saves.
In a growing industry, like biotechnology, a company would be more likely to benefit from a marginal tax credit.
conspired with an Israeli Air Force general to submit bills for fictitious parts and testing equipment.
While leopard markings are the most popular, ziggy black zebra stripes stenciled on white calf are moving in.
We've sent stands and things to record stores, and have sent radio stations a greatest-hits package to take advantage of the great sound we've gotten on the material.
Congress used to pass laws, remember?
The movie, distributed by Warner Brothers, is to open on Friday in Santa Monica, Calif., and, if successful, will open soon after in New York, Chicago and other large cities.
Since 1982, when the tournament was moved to the T.P.C.
Gauze costs 15.45 rubles, up from 20 kopecks.
Mr. Clinton also used his news conference today to try to clarify an apparent difference of opinion with his newly appointed budget chief, Representative Leon E. Panetta of California, over whether short-term relief for the middle-income taxpayer should take precedence over long-term deficit reduction.
I cannot go back to sleep after I receive these calls."
They were more intent on imitating the pictorial effects of Cubist painting than on creating truly Cubist buildings.
The figures indicate Canada has still not thrown off a persistent recession that began two years ago.
While he intends to pay teachers better, he expects there will be fewer full-salaried teachers.
Asking listeners to follow three and four different conversations might be construed as unreasonable.
But Short offered the pawn with 19 Rfc1!?
Mr. Dowling is now Gov.
"I understand Bill Clinton has not kept some of the promises he made in his state," Ms. Robertson said.
Dr. William F. Baker, the president of WNET in New York, the PBS station that produces "Great Performances," called Texaco's decision "no big deal, really" and said the station's relationship with Texaco remained good.
He was 74 years old.
Laurie E. Colwin, novelist and short story writer.
In his testimony today, Admiral Studeman said Mr. Gates "has clearly been, I think, significantly impacted by this experience."
The two-hour morning ceremony concluded with time- honored traditions.
We could cut down medical costs and stop a lot of disgusting habits as well.
"In the meantime, I wanted you to know that I am in the race and I mean to win," he said in a letter to 15,000 Republican leaders throughout the state.
Travis Carter, senior LAN analyst for the Carlson Companies, the Minneapolis-based holding company, said the system took him 10 minutes to install.
It was also the second consecutive monthly increase.
A12 RIFT ON A JUDICIAL NOMINEE The nomination of Edward E. Carnes to be a Federal appeals judge has caused a schism among forces generally considered allies.
Have a Perrier for $2 or $2.50!
They said that if he were to perform such a mission, he would do so as some sort of a special envoy.
The standard World Cup field has traditionally been 75 meters wide (about 82 yards), but international matches have occasionally been played on narrower fields.
mainframe shipments in the United States declined to 4,468 in 1991, from 6,181 in 1990.
Now the President can still rescind spending approved by Congress, but only if both houses vote to go along with his request for taking back previously appropriated money.
In the Second District, which includes parts of six sparsely populated southern counties, the incumbent Democrat, William J. Hughes of Ocean City, will face Frank A. LoBiondo of Vineland, a Republican.
As the marchers pitched their tents in the straw and mud, the man looked up to a stirring twilight scene.
'A Complete Sellout' Supporters of abortion rights described the Administration's move as cynical.
Its students have neurological impairments and severe learning disabilities and spend their time learning manual trades and skills like operating a cash register.
The institute received $1.8 million, the eighth-largest of the grants, for the first of its program's three phases.
At the Shubert Theater in New Haven, John Schneider, until recently featured on Broadway as the Baron in "Grand Hotel," wanders the heather on the hill for his starring role in Lerner and Loewe's "Brigadoon."
Some of the schools offered solid training for entry-level workers like truck drivers, nursing assistants and beauticians.
His two straight baskets in overtime got Arkansas off to a 93-87 lead.
On Wednesday, French authorities gave the go-ahead for British Airways to buy a 49.9 percent stake in TAT European Airways, which serves 52 cities, primarily in France, for $108 million.
He threw 103 pitches, only 45 for strikes.
The Government's chief agricultural meteorologist said the biggest worry was that salt water from the tidal surge into the Mississippi Delta would hurt the sugar-cane crop.
Mr. Groppel had taken full advantage of the Columbia program, working on a redevelopment project in Harlem, consulting for a local government in Pennsylvania and, within recent weeks, signing on as an intern at the New York City Planning Commission, friends said.
All you have to do is pick up her latest book, "After Henry," a collection of essays just published by Simon & Schuster, and read the dedication.
At the highest of the high end, beyond even Serta's new ultrapremium Masterpiece Grandeur mattress, the Europeans step in.
You're a habitual career criminal skeezoid and you're going down for possession with intent within 1,000 feet of a school.
The discovery of minute ripples in the microwave background brought a collective sigh of relief from theorists.
Now, Mr. Daniel at least knows that his father and brother are dead.
Best of the desserts (many flown in from Italy) was a spicy carrot cake.
Banks have also raised a record amount of capital by issuing new common and preferred stock, thereby increasing the cushion available to absorb unexpected losses.
"I thought," he pouts, "you were going to tell me that we were going to have a baby."
And the Security Council has asked the Secretary General to report on the feasibility of creating such refuges in Bosnia.
"The Wizard of Oz" -- which culminates in the unmasking of the wizard -- implies that all authority figures may be humbugs.
"No matter what the benefits of a Grand Prix," Ms. Holtzman's statement said, "it would be unconscionable for the city to become Marlboro country."
Right now, I'm going to Barcelona, but if I'm not chosen to run in the relay, I guess I won't run.
"There's no animosity to the competition," said Magadan, who lost his starting job at first base when Eddie Murray was signed.
'Cream of the Crop' A transition team is making preparations to put the new building to use and to adopt the new management style.
In a conference room down the hall from the committee room, gambling opponents showed a videotape of compulsive gamblers talking in silhouette about their shattered lives and families.
The irony of the scene was that four seasons ago, Svoboda would have been a starter here, or sixth man at the very least.
Sorbet can be scooped, and will form soft little hills on a cone or in a cup.
Not Seen as Sacred Land The religious dispute took shape this week after Prime Minister Yitzhak Rabin said he was prepared in principle to make territorial compromises on the Golan, and President Hafez al-Assad of Syria expressed a willingness to make peace with Israel.
The protected players are subject to the right of first refusal.A protected player whose contract has expired can take offers from another team, but his old team can either match the offer and retain the player or let him leave with compensation from his new team.
The plaintiffs, who range in age from 28 to the early 40's, each seek damages in excess of $10,000 for "physical and psychic injury," loss of wages and past and future medical and psychological treatment.
They brought one of his motivational tapes to Viacom, whose executives quickly agreed and set in motion a marketing strategy that has enabled the show to grow slowly during the last year.
Cadaret was openly displeased later, saying he believed he had struck out the Oakland right fielder.
In the fiscal year that endedJune 30, 1965, the company had revenues of $865,532 and a pretax profit of $26,487, or about 3 percent of revenues, according to a prospectus issued by the company at the time of its first stock offering.
The Iraqi Government gave him the right to ship virtually all the produce sold by the American food companies from the Port of Houston.
"All Muslims should participate," he said, "either by contributing money, caring for orphans and widows, taking in refugees or fighting in the jihad."
A7 Santo Domingo Journal: Prostitution a booming export.
Eldred was called up from Class AAA in Denver on July 15.
And she lectures at elementary schools an average of once a week.
The president of C & H West Merchandising, Robert Hsu, was expected to surrender in California, said Mr. Obermaier.
But Inspector Charlie Resnick, an uncommonly perceptive detective who lives with four cats named after great jazz musicians, understands that "there was a place in most people's lives where they were capable of every evil thing."
Christmas might mean hanging mistletoe and holly, filling the neglected bird feeder to overflowing, poking in the attic to handle my grandfather's Sam Browne belt and khaki uniform from the Great War of 1917 and placing a phone call to my mother's favorite brother, my favorite uncle, Ed, in Portland, Ore. We pored over our leather picture albums and hung the outsized long red stockings from the mantelplace for Santa Claus, joking about how big feet were the best for presents after all, and put out a thermos of hot cocoa for him to quaff when he came down the chimney, and a piece of angel food for Rudolph.
's financial aid offers and lure students away.
Nick is a sensitive nerd who pines after Mandy (Keri Russell), a self-assured teen-ager who comes to baby-sit for Adam just after he has suddenly shot up in height and who has to be forcibly restrained until her panic subsides.
With all of these troubles, Arkla announced a sweeping restructuring last month.
Frustration over Mr. Vinokur's death was painted on the tear-streaked faces of the family's members and friends.
Accept the fact that friends may have some characteristics you do not enjoy and try to accommodate them or laugh them off.
5 2 2 CHIEF, by Daryl F. Gates with Diane K. Shah.
The working document acknowledges that this development has complex causes, but speaks of a "fanatic and growing proselytism."
In Hollywood, the city of image makers, Mr. Robbins has suddenly become the chief image mocker, a man who conveys his suspicions of the status quo with corrupt, paranoia-riddled portrayals of its leading representatives.
Now many have been caught up in the bank affair.
Now he has Serbia's reply -- shelling without end.
Although the heads of other studios have come and gone, Lew Wasserman has remained at the MCA helm for 46 years, 19 of them with Sidney J. Sheinberg as his president.
The Bass group has offered to pay $725 million cash and to assume all debt of Macmillan and Official Airline Guides to third parties.
But he adds that if you can find a fund not trading at an inflated price, "you can still achieve a yield pickup without taking excessive risk."
But if husband and wife were killed in the same car or plane crash, for example, the proceeds would go to the children as contingent beneficiaries.
Prices weakened mainly in reaction to estimates released late Thursday by Sparks Commodities Inc., a private analytical concern in Memphis, for a record large corn crop and the biggest soybean harvest in 10 years.
To take one small example of how ordinary people and the overall economy would benefit, almost all families in the United States would pay a few cents less for frozen, concentrated orange juice if more of it was imported from Mexico.
The police expect to obtain a photograph of the man this week.
"There just aren't any teams in this tournament that aren't any good, and I hope we're included in that.
The program -- seen recently at the Nederlands Dans Theater's spiffy home, the A.T.& T. Dans Theater (sponsors in Europe are not shy about plastering their names on theaters, companies and festivals) -- consists of new works by Maguy Marin of France, Ohad Naharin of Israel and Mr. Kylian.
An advertisement placed by the group in The New York Times yesterday said, "In New York City Jewish civil rights just don't matter," and asked: "Would Mr. Dinkins have permitted three nights of unfettered violence if the residents of Bedford-Stuyvesant were attacked, for example, by the Ku Klux Klan?"
Criminality and vandalism are growing.
Labor Secretary Lynn Martin nominated Mr. Bush on Wednesday with an anti-peroration in which she seemed to confuse her Indian states and her nattering nabobs.
Mr. Gelerntner is right about the effects of our apathy toward technology, but wrong about the causes.
In other matters, people said they believed Mrs. Clinton was putting on a front, trying to appear less a feminist.
The Dow Jones industrial average slipped to 3,280.19, down 0.45 point for the day.
Virginia Kenny Flynn, a senatorial press aide in Washington, was married yesterday to Gary Ross Koops Jr., the press secretary of the Republican National Committee.
Iraq's standing became precarious largely because the Soviet Union, Baghdad's longtime ally, had refused in the first two years of the war to provide it with military goods in the vain hope of gaining influence with Iran.
He relies on people's ignorance and fear of the effects of biotechnology on foods.
It has preserved something special to them, and it adds a dimension to an institution that always needs new life.
Its builders were men with attache cases and women with shopping bags who had come directly from offices or bakeries to the battle line.
"We don't see interest rates the way many people in the United States or in Britain do, as a way of influencing unemployment or stimulating business activity," one bank official explained.
But two points need to be made.
Although most of his shots are invariably ending up very near his intended target, he is still playing the unattractive low fade that the television commentator Peter Alliss describes as "an inside, over the top, in the neck, low cutter."
"Its no secret that I've never liked tax credits," Mr. Kemp said on the "Evans and Novak" interview program on the Cable News Network.
Also in the Wings .
"I just hope it stays over."
It reminds us of all that was once good, and could be again."
Interviews yesterday with four officers from the 34th Precinct and one from Manhattan North, whose assignment also includes the troubled neighborhood, depicted a mood of anger, despair and exasperation.
The last year has represented a rejection that is very painful for a man who never took criticism easily and who, despite all his protestations that he pays no attention to polls, loved his high poll numbers.
Judge Hoeveler recommended that jurors, who were sequestered after court recessed Thursday, not deliberate on Sunday, but he also acknowledged that "you're pretty much your own bosses."
SIOUX FALLS SKY FORCE -- Named Trey Schwab assistant coach and assistant director of basketball operations.
Back in the days of the cold war (no, I'm not being nostalgic), the word victory was frowned on in accommodationist circles.
Clinton Canceled Visit Mr. Clinton originally scheduled a trip to Virginia before the caucuses but canceled it after his doctor ordered him to rest because of a hoarse throat.
For people who competed with their siblings, "tension over who gets to watch more TV in childhood may become tension over who has the bigger house or who makes more money as adults," Dr. Greer said.
"I try to keep going by myself, but I can't do it perfectly," he said.
69 -- was not that different from the interpretations available on recording.
But for oil, imports accounted for 46 percent of supplies this year through August, with Persian Gulf countries shipping 10 percent of total supplies, the American Petroleum Institute said.
He also said that he had never asked Ms. Kirnon to identify the promoter, who turned out to be Mr. Combs, and that he had asked few questions about how the proceeds were to be used.
Within a week, however, his blood counts returned to normal, showing that the factor that caused I.T.P.
On Thursday night another woman said a similar attempt had been made when she entered her car in Woodbridge.
Ms. Hernandez-Pinero, who stepped down as Deputy Mayor for Finance and Economic Development, replaced Laura D. Blackburne, who resigned under pressure on Saturday, after questions were raised over about her spending practices.
The right of first refusal gives a person or group the right to buy a piece of property by matching an offer made by a third party.
Well, the first thing is that you've got to retain what you have.
If it is not paid now, the cost of money would have to be figured in, and the value could be less.
Pipkins's time of 46.275 seconds in the day's final heat was impressive.
The number of people above the median is the same as the number below it.
Magic Johnson's visit to the White House this week left the impression that the basketball superstar is more Presidential than the President when it comes to fighting the spread of AIDS.
Sergeant Paccione said he believed a dispute might have erupted from "a stare-down" between the suspect and the victim.
"It's one of the wrecks schoolboys dream about -- one of the great treasure wrecks of all time," he said.
But it reached a turning point this month, when the state issued the order to close the plant.
After all, he said with his great laugh, "Maybe I'm beginning to get a grip on this thing."
In doing so, he leads the ear to some underexplored corners of this music.
The three worst performers on the Big Board for the quarter were all dependent on the clothing business, and found it tough.
Many people opposed the idea, saying it was too far from other important places here, like the library and the Town Hall, and would rend the fabric of their daily lives.
Ms. Silberman also derided the conference at which Ms. Hill was speaking, calling it a product of a coalition of feminist and liberal interest groups and the news media, which she called, "the extreminists."
The regular Miller Reserve is decent golden beer with some fruity complexity and a clean, slightly sweet finish but only a suggestion of hoppy bitterness.
Wright simply outleaped a shorter cornerback, A. J. Johnson.
"The current exhibition reveals what modernist artists are doing in this period of 'post-modernist' academic deconstruction and ironic appropriation," writes Ms. Rose in the show's brochure.
He does want to promote democracy in the ex-Soviet states.
Admission is $3; $2 for students and seniors and $1.50 for those aged 5 to 16.
In a year when most energy companies posted lower profits and plummeting stock values because of weak prices, Mitchell Energy's earnings held almost firm, slipping to $44.3 million in the fiscal year ended Jan. 31 from $47.3 million the previous year.
His 20-year career in the department advanced rapidly.
In his prepared text, Mr. Crane ended with a swipe at the Republicans' plan to roll back the sales tax to 6 percent, which would mean a $608 million loss in revenue in the next fiscal year and $638 million the following year.
Dr. Goodwin estimates that 100,000 children, as young as 5, will be identified for psychiatric interventions.
"It remains a continuing investigation with lots of serious problems," he added.
Debates Against Themselves But it has also become increasingly clear that Cabinet ministers from Meretz and from the left wing of Mr. Rabin's Labor Party are not entirely happy.
In percent *Estimated daily average, source Telerate**Municipal Bond Index, The Bond BuyerSalomon Brothers and Telerate for Treasury's bellwether bonds, notes and bills
School aid has become perhaps the state's hottest political issue, with Republicans generally arguing that urban areas get too much aid in comparison with with suburban districts and that the formula should be revised.
A discount broker like Fidelity Investments would charge its current $54 minimum to sell 25 shares of a $30 stock.
To the Editor: As a small woman with multiple sclerosis in a wheelchair working in downtown Washington, I share the sense of vulnerability on the street in a big city that Jay D. Leventhal feels ("Blind, Not Incompetent," Op-Ed, Aug. 12), but not his opinions.
The movie, a ribald updating of 1950's science fiction films, features set direction, costume design and an over-the-top performance by the drag celebrity Doris Fish, who died of AIDS last year.
Mr. Hayes has been an icon of social commitment in the law community since 1982, when he left Sullivan & Cromwell to found the Coalition for the Homeless.
ACTRESSES like Kathy Bates, Dixie Carter and Joan Van Ark; political figures like Senator Nancy Landon Kassebaum, Representative Pat Schroeder and the speechwriter Peggy Noonan; Elizabeth Dole, president of the American Red Cross, and even the comic-strip character Blondie are appearing in new advertising sponsored by a brewer, the Adolph Coors Company.
Rabbi Bernard Mehlman officiated at the Ritz Carlton in Boston.
When Nordhausen was bombed by the Allies, the Nazis relocated to other sites, including ours.
The special panel of three Federal judges exists exclusively for the purpose of appointing such prosecutors.
Bophuthatswana's independence is not taken seriously by any country except South Africa, or, for that matter, by those of its citizens who are not on the payroll of its authoritarian ruler.
Dwelling in the realm of the ideal, those photographers did not indulge in flattery so much as in a kind of loving embalmment, manufacturing idols out of alabaster and cream.
He loses interest in the race, decides to falsify his positions to make himself look as if he is winning and puts in at an uncharted island near the Antarctic Circle, where hallucinatory visions draw him into a world of terror and beauty.
In return, Morgan Stanley will keep its headquarters, and as many as 4,100 employees, in the city.
"My job is to make sure my team does meaningful work at a variety of budget levels," he said.
"People have much more money.
From that time on, he was in control of the points, forcing Connors to expend too much energy by giving him little pace, especially with his low, sliced backhand.
"It's so much information and so much action.
He noted that there was widespread expectations of continuing erosion in network audiences this year, and that further losses were anticipated because CBS's coverage of the 1992 Games would be taped for broadcast in prime time, so the results would be known beforehand.
C18 Sports C1-9 Baseball: Move to eliminate salary arbitration.
The Talking column last Sunday, about solar energy, misstated the telephone number of Applied Energy Technology of Swisher, Iowa.
Jeter is the third shorstop the Yankees have selected first.
Feeling the Pressure Asked why he felt "comfortable" using the phrase during his testimony Friday, Mr. Tyson replied: "I was put under pressure to say it.
Not all details of the new restructuring plan are final.
"Probably 95 percent of them are completely in favor of the simplified fare structure," said Paul Bessel, president of the 3,000-member Association of Retail Travel Agents.
"You can get inexpensive accents here," he added.
"To some degree, Cafe standards helped us get a headstart on recognizing problems with our cars that we weren't paying attention to," David L. Kulp, the manager of fuel economy and planning at Ford, said in an interview in the company's headquarters in Dearborn.
To complicate the problem, a state law passed in 1990 says if a drug is used in connection with any form of cancer treatment, it cannot be called experimental for use in other types of cancer treatments.
Or, as someone else in the hall put it, Mother Nature is Costa Rica's gold.
'We're in Trouble' Many biologists dismiss the idea that overfishing has caused rapid genetic changes.
The study will cite data from dozens of cities that the Bell companies argue are dominated by newspaper monopolies.
On the road, Mr. Clinton's manner is in stark contrast to that of Gary Hart, after the charges involving Donna Rice charges erupted in his Presidential campaign.
As a result, he said, his adminstration would "go back to the people" with special Saturday meetings at the town hall.
Mr. Bush is stuck in a time warp, part "Best Years of Our Lives," part Joe McCarthy.
Then the next spade lead would endplay East.
Two 40-ish layabouts, Dede (Mr. Bouchitey) and Simon (Jean-Francois Stevenin), spend their days wandering around the industrial debris of an unidentified port city.
The pace of business should quicken today, because the Government is expected to release fresh economic statistics, including retail sales and producer price data for May.
"You treat each situation as separate and distinct.
'No Depraved Indifference' She also said the jury had been influenced by the testimony of Dr. Maria Stajic, a toxicologist with the City Medical Examiner's office, who said the level of alcohol in Mr. Ray's blood was two to three times the legal limit for drunkenness at the time of the crash, an estimate based on tests 13 hours afterward.
Maybe they wouldn't have given him work."
In a highly imaginative and stirring modern-dance work called "Momentary Order," the choreographer Doug Varone recalls the far-from-easy life of French Canadians who immigrated to work in the mill towns of New England, Maine in particular.
Edgell, whose reorganization plan was approved by a bankruptcy judge in Cleveland yesterday, only 31 days after it was filed, is effectively being taken over by the Water Street Corporate Recovery Fund, a Goldman, Sachs fund that became so controversial that its chief officials decided to leave Goldman, and the investment banking firm decided to liquidate the fund's investments gradually.
The cycles of day-to-day changes are known as circadian rhythms.
Another salesman, Dan Lathroum, called it a needless death.
Three dormitories and two academic buildings were contaminated after a car struck a utility pole on Dec. 29, causing a power surge that damaged the transformers.
Michael Jordan had 27 points, Horace Grant added 23 and Pippen 22 for the Bulls.
There are the vacationers, in their T-shirts and sneakers, on their way to a Caribbean holiday of sun and scuba diving.
"Last December, in the first shipment, I got rice, cooking oil, canned fruit, powdered milk and margarine, and even four big chocolate bars.
the Gaughran campaign listed $130,000 donated by industries that benefited from the State Senate's decision to block pending legislation affecting them.
As a result of nativist moves against immigrant political rights, newcomers must usually wait five years for United States voting rights until becoming citizens.
Though neighborhood residents have described many incidents of threatening or irrational behavior, Mr. Hogue has never seriously hurt anyone, so he has never been jailed for as long as a year.
A panoply of bondholders, banks, building contractors and garment manufacturers are Macy's largest unsecured creditors.
"There's a fairly dramatic change taking place -- broad support has developed quickly for agricultural water transfers," said Duane L. Georgeson, assistant general manager of the Metropolitan Water District of Southern California, the powerful agency that plans to buy the water from Blythe.
Poised before a large TV monitor with the legend "Mobile SCUD Destruction 28 Jan 91" glowing on the screen, General Glosson began as if pitching a screenplay: "I will put you in the cockpit of an F-15E for an air-to-ground sortie, and .
Of 645 national companies surveyed in 1990 by Towers Perrin, 29 percent offered programs in managing diversity.
A paramedic examined Mr. Green and left.
Fares went up, fares went down.
Today, the White House spokesman, Marlin Fitzwater, announced at a briefing that "a handful of Haitians were rescued at sea this morning and are being returned."
He added that even though the price was low, it would be hard to find a better match than Marvel and Fleer, both of which rely on boys aged 6 to 16 for the majority of their sales.
"Now it's all destroyed and I have no way of rebuilding it."
Some critics also speculated that Best might be trying to soft-pedal the impact of its ratings decisions at a time when it has already been losing business to relatively new competition from S.& P., Moody's Investors Service Inc., the Duff & Phelps Credit Rating Company and the midsized agency, Weiss Research, based in West Palm Beach, Fla.
She has begun to open up to the four women who share her apartment, and she often goes out with her daughter, a 20-year-old college student.
The Nikkei picked up 51.79 points on Wednesday, to close at 16,839.12, with about 230 million shares changing hands.
Thomas ran for 115 yards and 2 touchdowns and caught 6 passes for 62 yards.
Wringing and Squeezing Signal compression is like removing most of the water from orange juice to make frozen concentrate.
Her father is a professor emeritus of social studies at Southern Connecticut State University in New Haven.
The secession drive comes at a time when a proposal to eliminate a fire battalion in Brooklyn, or to transfer a favorite assistant principal from Queens to Manhattan, can feel like the death blow to a neighborhood, a time when the Mayor's proposal to scatter 24 homeless shelters around the city -- including up to 11 in Queens -- can fuel rebellion.
Utterly conspicuous, it is eaten by a fish in no time."
Those firm crustaceans star in two other openers, shrimp cocktail and gamberi casa linga.
Gooden then lost his direct control of the night forever after he walked Larry Walker on four pitches.
You generally do the least amount of intervention possible."
An Important Endorsement Then Mr. Clinton decided to do more.
Until recently, Mr. Sinai had focused on the dangers of the budget deficit, which is expected to reach nearly $370 billion in the current fiscal year.
"We didn't play our best, but we got the win.
And his interviews with potential nannies were the highlight of the hourlong episode that opened this season.
I think it brought everybody down to earth.
"I took a weekend vacation," he said wryly.
President Bush was noncommittal when asked on the "Good Morning America" television program on ABC what he would do if the bill reached his desk.
"Over all, it was a great experience for me," McEnroe said afterward.
People are sick of the way people in politics can be ruined by any little bit of dirt the press can dredge up on them.
Football National Football League NEW YORK GIANTS -- Signed Mark Collins, cornerback, to two-year contract.
Africa must now be made hospitable to its greatest resource: human capital.
In 1955 she married Tobias Stone of Las Vegas, Nev., a champion bridge player who taught her to play the game.
We've had cases with black contractors with an all-black work force shaken down."
With tuna, meaty, boneless slabs can be cut as thick or as thin as desired.
Volleys of stones and eggs heaved by a few hundred anarchists cut short a speech by President Richard von Weizsacker, a former Mayor of West Berlin.
The program's lighter offerings included a medley of popular songs from the 1890's and bouncy choral arrangements of more recent popular and theater songs.
Glen Rice had 21 of his 26 points in the first half and Rony Seikaly finished with 24 points and 14 rebounds for Miami.
Granted, he's no less conflicted than anyone else in town.
Johnson hit a harmless flyout to right and Murray grounded to third to squander the first-and-third chance in the sixth.
Just like Krasner couldn't say, they couldn't say.'
But to anyone who lived during the Giants-Dodgers rivalry of four decades ago, Sal Maglie will mostly be remembered in a Giant uniform staring down from the mound at a Dodger slugger, for firing his high, inside fastball, and then for spinning one of his three curveballs low and away.
New York is a city where convenience can always be purchased.
So when I'm with college students, I tell them I know they speak better than me.
'Agreed on the Society's Mission' "The board asked a lot of questions, and so did I," Mr. Shifrin said.
As a link to the European roots from which postwar American art sprang, as well as a crucial figure on the contemporary scene, she is a thoughtful and timely choice for Venice, one that reaches out to different, sometimes opposed, segments of the art world.
"It appears that we're dealing with an industry out of the Wild West," Mr. Green said, "an industry which thinks it can break the law with impunity."
It's simply a matter of double standards."
Sugar prices advanced strongly, extending a recent upturn that has carried the market to the highest levels in nearly a year.
While Mr. Clinton used his first public statement the morning after the election to emphasize his intention to maintain continuity in American foreign policy, his advisers are beginning to realize that, in several major areas, there may be little continuity to build on.
That posed uncertainties for the campaign to set up closer monetary and economic ties among European nations, which faces an important referendum in France on Sunday.
Characters stare in fascination at their hands and fingers; they never look at or touch one another.
Mostly, he played happily with the phone for long stretches of time -- a record 10 minutes for either child with any toy.
Mr. L'Heureux, whose previous novels include "An Honorable Profession" and "A Woman Run Mad," does a brilliant job of depicting the tentative re-establishment of the relationship of father and son after the burning.
After last week's announcement of disappointing third-quarter earnings, I.B.M.
"There's some merit to switching from butter to olive oil - you get less saturated fat and no cholesterol," says Dr. Dean Ornish, director of the Preventive Medicine Research Institute of the University of California, San francisco, and author of a book on reversing heart disease.
If you follow the plan, you will have a festive and satisfying meal in less than an hour.
With his city "just an attachment to what is essentially a Bronx district, the elected Senator will be keyed to the people who put him or her in office, disenfranchising us," Mr. Ford said.
Houseboating costs about the same as householding.
The Mannes Orchestra will be conducted by Michael Charry.
"We're hoping this serves as a catalyst for reviving the worst part of downtown," said Thomas Isles, planning commissioner of the Town of Islip.
Moody's lowered its ratings on these securities to Baa-1 from A.
What I like about Smith is that there is an opportunity to do research right away."
Mario M. Cuomo and Shoshana S. Cardin, chairwoman of the Conference of Presidents of Major American Jewish Organizations.
The Akatsuki Maru freighter had been steaming in international waters since leaving the French port of Brest a week ago, where it took on fuel and supplies.
They will likely end up on the welfare roles.
And they charge its organizers with a operating a "slush fund" fed by people who, in raising money, act as brokers between the Republican Party and influence-seekers.
But Collor, a vocal advocate of modernization, fell victim to the very changes he promoted.
Steve Grossman, chairman of the Massachusetts Democratic Party, said many of Mr. Brown's points were worthy of consideration, but he added: "When we are together, we win.
Fever sufferers totaled 1,865 women, and seven bore babies with defects, for a rate of 3.8 per 1,000.
Racial tensions surface during the trial of a man charged with murder in rural Mississippi.
She screamed to them, but they apparently could not hear her in the din of debris and roaring fire below her.
had numerous classified intelligence reports suggesting that officials at the Rome headquarters of the bank knew about the Atlanta fraud scheme.
Mr. Whitington, who was graduated from Georgetown University in 1979, was the senior features editor at The Advocate, a national gay magazine, and had been a contributing editor of Art & Auction magazine.
Even more worrisome to analysts who had expected new drugs to pick up the slack was the company's report that these, too, were selling below expectations.
Members of St. Luke's return at 4:15 P.M. on Thursday for another program of chamber music, this one featuring three works demanding unusual instrumental combinations: Devienne's Quartet for Bassoon and Strings, Dvorak's String Quintet With Double Bass, and Jeffrey Cotton's "Seven Runic Songs" for viola, guitar and harp.
A person with knowledge of Perez's case said the pitcher was depressed after learning the results of the test Wednesday night and chose not to take part in the Yankee workout.
"Shimada," a play that mercifully opened and closed within three days, was a shallow drama about a Japanese company that buys an Australian bicycle company.
KANSAS CITY CHIEFS -- Released Bill Jones, running back.
Mr. Ishler, reached at his home, said the freeze "doesn't bother me at all," but referred other questions to his law firm, Steptoe & Johnson in Washington.
I also shot about 10 hours of video."
Japan's Bank Won't Budge In Japan, they are calling it a recession even though growth has so far not turned negative.
Billings were estimated at $10 million to $12 million.
One step in that direction, in the view of Faith Popcorn, chairwoman of BrainReserve, a New York marketing consultant, is to use the calendar as a way to achieve goals, not simply to keep track of appointments.
"The nucleus is probably the home of a black hole with a mass 10 million times that of the Sun," Dr. Jaffe said.
Under Maryland law, minors do not need parental consent to get contraception.
Hemidemisemiquavers The Lark String Quartet, an American all-female ensemble, won first prize at the Shostakovich International String Quartet Competition in St. Petersburg.
Without one you can't build a good story.
The people who paid 25 pounds or more for a Center Court ticket yesterday literally sang in the rain for hours.
will cooperate with Polish parts makers, including a company that specializes in suspensions components.
She also said she was upset that her son was being held in custody today even though no charges had been filed.
"But they expect you to be able to bridge that for the good of the state.
The program consists of Brahms's "Trio in E Flat Major," Handel's "Sonata No.2 in D Minor," Berio's "Sequenza VII" for solo oboe, and Reinecke's "Trio in A Minor."
She goes on reflecting upon heritage and dreaming of returning to her homeland.
A fantasy tale about a spider queen's war to stop a band of elves in their quest for peace and security.
If by Thursday there is no substantial progress in negotiations now under way in Washington on copyright and intellectual property issues, the United States is expected to impose much higher tariffs on some Chinese products.
Jack Turret, a retired justice of the New York State Supreme Court, officiated at the Skylounge in the Colonnade in New York.
The Dow soared more than 30 points in the opening hour of trading, and floated easily in record terrain for the rest of the day, reaching above 3,390 in the early afternoon.
"I thought we'd be more vulnerable at first base," Simmons said.
"In our zeal to promote mammography, we as radiologists -- and I'm one of them -- haven't looked at the evidence," Dr. McLelland said.
At 15 he dropped out of school and joined a motorcycle gang.
Heublein Inc. in Farmington, Conn., has moved its estimated $6 million to $8 million Jose Cuervo tequila account to Grybauskas & Partners in New York after almost two and a half years at Goodby, Berlin & Silverstein in San Francisco.
"This city is such a huge bureaucracy that it needs one official whose sole focus is AIDS," said Debra Fraser-Howze, executive director of the Black Leadership Commission on AIDS, a nonprofit group.
But Mr. Brown offers people plenty of material.
Since Mr. Weinroth, a former investment banker at Drexel Burnham Lambert Inc., joined Integrated in August 1989 following Integrated's collapse, the New York-based company has sold 30 business units and is operating profitably, he said.
Puck Drops Into Net Lappin's goal was similar to a foul pop-up in baseball.
'We Got Everything' "We couldn't be happier," he said.
Kohlberg, Kravis disclosed the First Interstate talks in a filing with the Securities and Exchange Commission.
"Although the security service's opinion is always taken into account, I do not feel that the situation in Japan on the eve of President Yeltsin's visit is as strained as they are trying to say," Mr. Petrov said.
For Mr. Schlondorff, the choice of an actor to play Faber was crucial; he considered a number of actors, including William Hurt, but settled on Mr. Shepard, partly because of his unorthodox acting habits.
It is an adventure as risky as rock climbing and an example, pardon the expression, of creativity at work.
Starting with a 1989 cabernet sauvignon and a 1991 chardonnay, the wines will be priced under $10, and will be made from grapes grown in Santa Barbara, Paso Robles and the Napa Valley.
10 Days Before Deadline The compromise came just 10 days before the Nov. 30 deadline Mr. Florio, a Democrat, and the Republican leaders had imposed on themselves for approving a new plan to deal with the health-care crisis.
I hear my own voice, sometimes strident, sometimes simply straightforward.
grown-ups shouted with even less self-control than the 3-year-olds.
We want all members of the community, especially children, to use the center as a way of understanding what prejudice can cause and learn from the experience."
The human performers wear kilts in some sequences, T-shirts bearing gay-liberation messages in others.
Unless he frames his position with great skill, Mr. Shamir will turn it to hard-line advantage in soon-to-come Israeli elections.
But the DeBoers' lawyer, Suellyn Scarnecchia, said: "It's the birth-mother's fraud that set this all up and has made it so heart wrenching.
My husband is an alumnus, class of '39, so we were sipping vodka in Vanderbilt Hall.
They delight in homegrown tomatoes or tossing a salad with greens just picked.
Fans, who had less discretionary income because of the recession, stayed away.
This was achieved despite the fact that in exposed sections the orchestra's playing was not up to the best quality of international ensembles, and the chorus did not always articulate the Latin as crisply as it might have.
Smart Money is aimed at readers with household incomes of at least $85,000 a year.
While the experience was good, I do remember numb toes and fingers, it was so cold."
He will be intent on reassuring the world, at the United Nations and in a White House visit, that Russia deserves moral and economic support as it tries to lead the republics of the fallen Soviet Union in a new Commonwealth of Independent States.
"Now I have to try and be as I was before, mentally fixed, but I'm not worried about living up to other people's expectations of me.
Doctors said that it was a common operation among older men and that 80,000 French men undergo such surgery every year.
Mr. Hall, whose earlier performances (in films like "National Lampoon's Vacation" and "Sixteen Candles") have been much goofier, remains coolly funny and graduates to subtler forms of comedy with this role.
It was 1921, not 1924.
And the dollar is up 32 percent since it hit its recent low against the pound of 0.50 pounds to the dollar on Sept. 8.
Dr. Clarke has recently attacked multiculturalism as the product of what he called the "Jewish educational Mafia."
Patrick J. Buchanan, who is challenging Mr. Bush from the right in the Republican primary here, declared today: "I'm pro-life and I think my party should be pro-life.
Mrs. Marcos faces dozens of corruption-related criminal charges in Philippine courts.
The drink names are actually sendups of many items typical of tropical-drink menus.
31, MICHAEL JORDAN, 50th, and JACK NICKLAUS, 81st.
Dr. Robert LeVier, technical chief of the Dow Corning Corporation's Health Care Businesses, said today: "That he couldn't get us interested is a pretty accurate statement.
I think even Phil has been impressed by their preparation.
Asking an Italy afflicted by postwar cynicism to support the stylized nonsense of "Don Pasquale" is beyond the call of imagination's duty.
After performing with the pianist Noro Morales and the percussionist Machito, Mr. Puente started his own group in 1947, and since then he's been one of Latin music's icons.
"I've got some of their characteristics," he said easily, but not arrogantly.
Almost any food, be it French or Mexican or Chinese or even Thai can be prepared so that it is kosher.
Giorgio Vanzetta of Italy was third in a tight finish, 54.3 seconds behind.
"We have a number of possibilities under discussion," said Suzanne Trazoff, the department's spokeswoman.
B9 Obituaries B7 Patrick Peyton, Roman Catholic priest.
He is a stepson of Dr. Barbara Porter of Chebeaque.
Brian Swette, senior vice president for new business, will continue to focus on new products.
This term applies to Democrats who want foreign policy focused more on values and spreading democracy, but who also believe that it can't be overly moralistic or averse to the use of force to resolve complex crises like Bosnia.
Mr. Roodberg, 30, is a vice president and the chief financial officer of Combined Properties Inc., a Washington real-estate management company.
One of the most challenging shots was of surgeons who could not be disturbed while working in darkened operating theaters.
Ms. Pettibone enclosed herself within and ventured outside of the pyramids.
The Dinkins administration's search for an executive to run New York City's jail system has narrowed to five people, mayoral aides said yesterday.
Alma Jean Smith Soprano Merkin Concert Hall Alma Jean Smith is a soprano from Cleveland who has been active in opera on both sides of the Atlantic since the mid-1970's.
Because the usual defendant in a capital case cannot afford an attorney, he or she is defended by a court-appointed lawyer who may be unskilled or uninterested or have insufficient time to work on the case.
Mr. Bush, in his speech accepting his party's nomination, held out the glittering pledge of an across-the-board tax cut if re-elected, but was utterly vague as to how he would accomplish such a thing.
It seems useless to ask why he's still at it since he says he doesn't need to do it and he doesn't need the money and he isn't trying to get away from home, either from his famously pushy mom or his little kids or his wife.
This past June, Whittle Communications and Philips Electronics N.V., one of Whittle's partners, announced plans to create Medical News Network to provide information to doctors.
Mr. McCall said he adjourned the meeting because the board no longer had enough members in the room to vote on the amendment.
For some young dancers, the temptation was to prepare for these events rather than for a life in dance.
"It seemed like a really good idea in the abstract," Mr. Ridgeway recalled.
The Sunday Telegraph, however, said Mr. Quinton was not being pushed out because of poor performance.
Premiums and out-of-pocket costs continue to multiply.
Jim Florio's Quality Education Act put even more money into the pot.
announcement came a day after the agency abruptly cut short the experiment, which was first tried in September to divert low-flying planes from the United States Open tennis tournament in Flushing Meadows-Corona Park.
Shortstop Dick Schofield said: "He reminds me of Bobby Grich a bit," comparing Kent to a former double-play teammate with the California Angels.
But most people would hardly notice a difference in service.
In fact, a board can be used as a good trap to attract slugs, which can then be dropped in alcohol.
C1 Who needs Penn State?
Short was being more careful with 7 .
"We will not do bad to them," Mr. Fariq said.
He then sought a way to preheat the catalytic converter through a means that did not draw too much power from the battery or inconvenience the driver with a lengthy warm-up period.
"I've never been disappointed by Robin, even tonight," Mr. Cronkite said.
This strip will attract attention downward, making the space between the walls seem wider.
The network pays producers for two runs of a series, sells commercials in each and usually covers the full cost of the show during the first run.
*3*** COMPANY REPORTS ** View Full Article in Timesmachine »
"It's part of the American psychology to want to get a really good deal," said James Posner, a retailing consultant in Manhattan.
The trainer also said the colt would run in the Belmont without a bar shoe, which has a protective bar across the opening.
In his new post, Mr. Levine, 45 years old, is in effect taking on more responsibility at the company.
The number is (800) 872-2228 in the United States and (800) 637-1648 in Canada.
Unfortunately, all this attention to the prints as fine objects cannot obscure the fact that most of the photographs are not particularly interesting.
He estimated that the storm had cut 1 billion to 1.5 billion cubic feet a day from the total domestic production of 50 billion cubic feet a day.
Also looming is a television movie on ABC about the Texas mother accused of soliciting murder to help kill a cheerleader who was a rival of her daughter's, a CBS film about a San Diego woman accused of killing her former husband (whom she had supported in medical school and law school) and his wife; a CBS film about a female serial killer in Florida, and an ABC mini-series starring Cybill Shepherd as a woman who hires men to have her foes slain.
Not even George Halas was involved that long.
Mr. Ashwander is so attuned to the audience's sensibility that children clap along without any prompting.
Two regional Bell telephone companies reported higher third-quarter profits yesterday.
That strategy, Alamo officials said, was aimed at gaining market share among cost-conscious domestic travelers.
For all his candor and his outrage about homophobia and AIDS, he has a nonthreatening presence.
"I will not accept such a slap to democracy," he said.
Appeal for Stockholders Major stockholders of Chrysler in recent weeks had urged the company to appoint Mr. Lutz as chief executive-designate, and they are likely to be concerned about the hiring of Mr. Eaton.
He also brought out Mr. Robbins's inspiration from Michel Fokine's "Sylphides" with a poetic wave of the arm as he sank to his knee at the close of the second solo.
The Pentagon said the Thaad system would reduce the potential debris and damage from the chemical or nuclear weapons that it targets, by intercepting them at higher altitudes and at a greater distance from the intended target.
"I thought in a few games, if we had a veteran there, we could have kept some drives going.
Some warn that it can be ruinous.
Schering A.G. of Germany, eager to focus on its highly profitable pharmaceuticals business, said it had sold its industrial chemicals and organic chemicals divisions for 660 million marks, or about $453 million, to the Witco Corporation, a New York-based producer of chemicals, petroleum products and engineered materials.
The Expos, shut out in their last two games, head into the All-Star Game break with a 20-inning scoreless drought and an injured star.
But the state votes also reflect discontent with the leadership.
Third-quarter net income was $61.1 million, or $1.25 a share, compared with $55.1 million, or $1.13, in the third quarter a year earlier.
"People didn't realize that under the state's regulations, we must have a plan and a local law to enforce it.
Such associations with Playboy, however indirect, could be problematic for Mr. Clinton because of what is often referred to as the character issue.
Purdue 24, Minnesota 20 WEST LAFAYETTE, Ind.
"His heirs do their best to follow his instructions.
"It's too quiet," said Joseph Tuff, a Staten Island resident who is a regular parade attendee, and who characterized this year's march as a "requiem."
Last summer, the company sold 5.6 million shares at $43.625 a share.
The all-aluminum engine has four camshafts and 32 valves, and it sends its 295 horsepower and 290 foot-pounds of torque through a new four-speed automatic transmission that is, of course, computer controlled.
Fire Commissioner Harold Hairston said the investigation into the cause of the blaze was centering on a makeshift kitchen on the second floor.
Mr. Kojima did not return telephone messages left at his lawyer's office and with his answering service.
Mr. Bush expressed sorrow for what he called the "considerable agony of the good people of the House," and said he would have no further comment.
Her father retired as the president and chief executive of Ottman & Company, a meat purveyor in New York.
West decided to gamble that his partner held the club jack.
"People were not upset with busing so much as the fact that they had no choice," he said.
Small rubber boats make it possible to explore beaches and mangrove channels, with their populations of egrets, herons, ibises and frigate birds.
The business of the firm's energy division, Phibro Energy, also saw something of a turnaround.
The Laredo Grill hums from early morning until night.
Communities can come to be identified with the companies headquartered in them.
Senator Kosko said releasing drug dealers was a serious flaw in the Corrections program, and he urged they be barred from early-release and home-monitoring.
The lasers are made of microscopically thin layers of materials with different electrical properties.
From 1981 to 1986, Mr. Edmiston was president and chief executive of Newsweek, where he reorganized the magazine's printing operation.
The second step is insuring coordination with United Nations operations and deliveries of humanitarian relief.
TODAY'S COLUMNS To middle-class taxpayers who feel they are saddled with an unfair share of the nation's tax burden, H & R Block is saying, "You're right."
" Do-It-Yourself Production "The Song of Jacob Zulu," on again, off again, is on again, scheduled for the Plymouth Theater in April.
Use the power of the Presidency of the United States to see if you can't have that be accomplished in a very peaceful way.
Forget the 6-point semifinal loss to the Soviet Union, as Robinson insists he has.
"The redrawn district was designed to be safe for a Republican and if this was not a Presidential election year, I would say that was so," said Susan S. Lederman, a professor of public administration at Kean College here and the immediate past president of the League of Women Voters of the United States.
One of Mr. Lassiter's most far-reaching projects is the Kodak Business Television Network, a satellite network devoted to educational programming that the company started in 1986.
Deutsche Bank is still dickering with the Federal Reserve over the terms by which it may combine the business of its C. J. Lawrence, Morgan Grenfell securities unit with that of the bank.
"A lot of older writers are having serious problems," he said.
Stocks in Frankfurt had a small gain, closing at 1,544.35, up 3.92 on the DAX-30 index.
The international community has a chance to cut off the Khmer Rouge from its main sources of guns and money in Thailand.
"There's always interest in the possibility of divisiveness within an organization, but I don't think that's the story here," he said.
The concern they had for the welfare of their sons was matched by their political activity to end the war.
Last year's holiday season brought that lovable gangster in "Bugsy."
He was wearing red and white leather sneakers and his red and white school letter jacket, which he is rarely seen without.
Butoh, the dominant experimental dance style from Japan, has generally been distinguished by its slow-moving performers and a sense of devastation.
Tethers could lower scientific instruments from a shuttle for data gathering in the upper atmosphere and also could spin a spaceship to create artificial gravity for human missions to Mars.
He works with the artists to find the manufacturers.
Not in this case, Miss Wasserstein said: "In the bag is a gift for Sara.
After a long private conversation, President Boris N. Yeltsin of Russia said, "Ideological barriers have tumbled and we must act quickly to meet each other half way."
's leading AIDS expert, followed, adding the agency's six cases.
Although the Federal Emergency Management Agency said it had received more than 1,600 requests for assistance so far, officials there said this had not been the most widespread river flooding in recent Texas history.
Lunches are marginally larger than dinners, and breakfasts are ample and frequently odd.
For both students and teachers, the fact that the theft coincided with the opening of Oliver Stone's film "J.F.K.," which has sparked controversy, suggested that the events of the past have importance for the present.
And so the man who arrived in New York with a reputation as a cerebral student of the game, a prepared director of the dugout, has given observers reason to wonder about those whispers that came with him from Chicago, the cynical ones that claimed Torborg's worst three hours of the day were those he spent managing a game.
But to those who use keys, X-acto knives, pieces of porcelain, sandpaper or emery boards to carve the Plexiglas, the scratching is a form of terse communication in the self-affirming conversation that began with cavemen and continued through Kilroy to the spray painters of the 80's.
After N.C. State began the game with a lot of passing and motion in its offensive set, Princeton players thought they were looking in a mirror.
"That lawsuit is the crux of all this fuss," Dr. Eisenman said.
One measure of the group's growing significance was that all six American cardinals and 85 other bishops, almost one-third of the American hierarchy, attended the congress.
A broad Pacific security organization, including Japan, China, Korea, Russia, the U.S. and southeast Asian countries, won't magically conjure regional tensions away.
She chose to work on the Island.
Siberia would be divided into territories that could admitted to the Union with rights equal to the 50 states.
And a report on the company, issued by Standard & Poor's on Jan. 21, made no mention of the Wickes intermediate shares.
The prizes, totaling $95,000, were given to the authors of episodes of shows including "I'll Fly Away," "The New Adventures of Winnie-the-Pooh," "CBS Schoolbreak Special" (an episode about AIDS), "Brooklyn Bridge," and the PBS show "Wildflower," about an abused girl with epilepsy.
I've still got years in me."
There is already talk around Parliament about cutting back on the estimated $14 million that is now doled out annually as compensation for the Queen and her family, for the performance of their public duties.
She has worked at shops including Chiat/Day/Mojo Inc.; Wells, Rich, Greene, and Doyle Dane Bernbach.
Mrs. Keane is a critical-care nurse at Massachusetts General Hospital in Boston.
CRUISE-TOUR PACKAGE Trafalgar Tours has a package that combines a trans-Atlantic crossing on the QE2, a tour of Britain and a one-way economy-class flight between New York and London.
Although the rest of the program offers amusing banter and esoteric Broadway lore, the 80-minute show, whose repertory of New York-oriented songs spans the whole century, is not so well selected or arranged as the duo's previous efforts.
The fighting has driven well over 700,000 people from their homes.
If it still gets a laugh, it stays.
Besides, I knew they had to pass by me to get to the clubhouse."
Now in their early 50's, both are still astonishing.
'My Supporter, Ronald Reagan' Perhaps mindful that the conservative wing of the Republican Party has never been his political base, Mr. Bush brought Mr. Quayle, a strong conservative, and his wife, Marilyn, on stage with him and looked to Mr. Reagan's legacy for legitimacy.
"They're humbled and surprised by what they see on the tapes," Dr. Swartz said.
OFFENSIVE PUNCH: Brian Cummings threw four touchdowns, including two to Anthony Porcaro (8 receptions for 60 yards), as IONA PREP (2-1) overwhelmed HAYES (2-2), 33-8.
Not the kind of magic that transports souls or creates wonder.
He also regards himself as an admittedly less-than-altruistic educator.
They are sold at two Connecticut stores, Foreign Cargo in Kent and Church Street in New Milford, as well as Wear It, in Albuquerque, N.M.
To assess the damage, come up with a plan to deal with it and figure out a way to plot how the park rebounds, a team of 23 scientists was brought together from universities, wildlife refuges and other national parks.
The move, he noted, provides Olympia with the stability it needs to focus on its restructuring.
"I remember you," Susan Salerno of Wantagh said as Mr. Pharaoh punched her ticket and told a joke.
"But I know of many midsize companies in the county that have done the same thing and are now out of that phase and are doing very well," she added.
One of the officials acknowledged that Japan had erred in not explaining details of the program earlier, and said it could have achieved "better understanding from neighboring countries."
These are called, somewhat portentously, "spill zones."
And a quarter of a century later, with a shocking 7-2 triumph at Montreal in the opener of the historic 1972 series with Team Canada, the Soviets taught the N.H.L.
In recent weeks David Cone, Joe Carter, Devon White, Juan Guzman, Alfredo Griffin and Pat Tabler checked in.
said Ioannis Tsaluhidis, offering a map of "independent Macedonia" with a seal describing it as having been published by the Macedonian National Liberation Army.
A young woman, who later identified herself as Andrea Dailey, was also escorted from the room.
Kohlberg & Company, the investment firm run by the buyout specialist Jerome Kohlberg, has bought a 52 percent stake in the Northwestern Steel and Wire Company for about $35 million.
They said they would refuse, and accused the prosecutor overseeing the case of engaging in politically tinged "prosecutorial overreaching."
He was drawn to the accident.
Administration officials hope the agreements with Mexico and Canada will be ratified by Congress and signed by the three nations sometime this year.
Koch mused about local attitudes during a recent interview.
That came as a shock to some.
"She apparently threatened to leave him," Espinoza said.
Unfortunately, he had to share the honor with Malcolm Huckaby of Boston College, who had the game of his career.
Instead, he was America's first jazz composer.
The chain of events followed two weeks of bitter public dispute between Mr. Reynolds and the Industry Minister, Desmond O'Malley, leader of the of the Progressive Democrats, over an inquiry into Irish beef exports.
As a result, the United Nations is now drawing up plans for a new relief operation that would bring food, fuel and shelter to the Kurds from neighboring Turkey and Iran unless Baghdad begins to cooperate with United Nations relief activities in the region.
Debra Martin Chase, vice president of Mundy Lane Entertainment, says that the company may co-develop "The Killer," a remake of an action thriller first made by John Woo, the Chinese director.
"The traditional model for the network, a user being connected at all times, doesn't work for those users who only need to be connected intermittently," said Mr. Crumpler.
In dozens of towns and cities across India, especially in those with large Muslim communities, news of the mosque's destruction provoked violent protests.
Are your house plants clean?
"I was just doing my job," Ms. Fiorellino said.
Jose -- and his wife -- would agree.
Many companies have chosen to forgo campaign luncheons, substituting a "Day of Caring," in which employees work as volunteers at community agencies.
The voyage across the Atlantic was considered his boat's qualifier for the global race.
But there's no agreement on where that cutting edge should be.
A "bad choice" is then bad morality -- another kind of gay bashing.
And he has to satisfy not just big-money mailers and advertisers for whom the Postal Service is the ultimate middleman, but 250 million users -- and potential critics -- of the mails.
Or, as Phil Donahue perhaps self-servingly argued on CNN, cause for celebration: "Since Kennedy, the only outlets electronically for the presidential process were Huntley, Brinkley and Cronkite.
Rabbi Hecht called Mr. Jones's charges "the most ridiculous comment that I've heard."
His name is Charles Senter Johnson Jr., but he prefers to be known as Brook, a childhood nickname.
Back to the Gym The Fordham Boxing Club opened a year and half ago, behind the Park Hill Funeral Home on Hoffman Avenue.
Johnson popped out, and Willie Randolph then hit into a game-ending double play.
Mr. Hernandez, a native of New Jersey, attended Fordham University, where he became assistant research director in the university's development office.
"I feel very strongly that the European Central Bank should be in Frankfurt, and I think most Germans feel the same way," said Norbert Kuhne, Ford's finance director in Germany.
That night they had a combined total of seven hits.
For the first nine months of this year, the company reported sales of $157 million and a net loss of $6.6 million.
Pecota found he was comfortable at short, acceptable at first, foreign at second.
"We have to step into the 21st century."
The U.S. has fallen inexcusably far in arrears.
That's what a Suffolk taxpayer can collect if only the taxpayer will call the local I.R.S.
Incognito, and accompanied by a private detective and a young parishioner, he roamed the bordellos, gambling establishments, drug hangouts and illegal taverns that operated unabashedly in lower and midtown Manhattan.
It also forced me to resort to an expensive eight-hour jeep journey and 16-hour speedboat charter so that I could have even a single day of what I had anticipated would be a leisurely five at my principal destination in a remote area on Borneo.
After Mr. Ichord was named chairman of the committee in 1969, he used his position to campaign against antiwar protesters.
More recently, a number of people have said privately that they heard Mr. Trump boast, in what one called "cocktail party talk," that he soon plans to try again as both the junk market and the casino's performance have strengthened.
now, the reason the fantastically aromatic honeysuckle is 15 feet high in some places is because of those mulberry trees you'll find after hacking off the first hundred pounds or so of honeysuckle.
Without comment, the Chief Justice denied an emergency request by Representative Henry B. Gonzalez, Democrat of Texas, to block the special counsel, Malcolm R. Wilkey, from examining the extensive records while Mr. Gonzalez and four other House members try to have the Justice Department's wide-ranging subpoena for the documents quashed in court.
I haven't watched a snap on them on film.
Qualifiers, of course, should never be taken for granted.
John W. Queenan, a retired leader in the accounting profession and a former member of the Federal Wage and Price Control Board, died on Friday at Greenwich Hospital in Greenwich, Conn.
When father and son both collect on a big scale, anything can happen.
Nearby, Sam Mintz Straus accepted a $450 check for four sterling Tiffany serving utensils from Marsha Schneck, who sells silver by mail order.
His polyrhythms have now been joined by a long-line lyricism suited to the voice and by some intriguing experimentation with harmonies and timbres.
Merri-Shades are sunglasses with frames made of brushed tricot and filled with foam.
says at least 21,000 carjackings have been reported.
The emphasis is on using new and cost-effective materials in a more streamlined and straightforward approach, she said.
Sumitomo was picked despite a lower bid from Morrison Knudsen, setting off an outcry from politicians and labor leaders.
Set in a squalid lower-middle-class home where the fuses constantly blow and even the cornflakes have turned rancidly green, "Little Voice" finds some of its funnier gags in onstage bouts of alcoholic vomiting and mechanical sexual grinding.
"You can't get them out of a game no matter what kind of a lead you have," Rangers forward Paul Broten said.
The QMS 860 printer (suggested list price $4,595) not only has 600-d.p.i.
"I've taught physics for 18 years, and nothing has ever lit kids on fire like this, nothing ever," said William Pine, a teacher at Chaffey High School in Ontario, Calif., which is participating in the experiment.
It's a little like financial disclosure.
The Government offensive coincides with an internal split within the rebel group led for the last decade by John Garang, a former member of the Sudanese Army.
Some turn, some plie, some hop in arabesque, creating a projectile shape with their heads held forward.
Under Republican fire in the Presidential campaign, President-elect Bill Clinton made clear that he did not favor proposals to enroll everyone in a public health program.
They're everywhere, seemingly dispatched from some central Santa hiring hall.
Unlike the student radicals so visible on Japanese campuses, they don't want to destroy the system; they don't want to turn it upside down, they just want to drift along on the fringe of society.
"It's a very very important finding," said Dr. Gene Cohen, acting director of the National Institute on Aging.
Yesterday, it closed at $40.125, down 12.5 cents, on the New York Stock Exchange.
Their spin: They've created a cheaper choice for buyers who may be skittish about paying at least $95 to see the Olympics without commercials.
* "Tomorrow, you will receive letters to the editor points that can also be used to write op-eds.
They pointed out that Yamauchi's son-in-law, Minoru Arakawa, who would be the chairman of the new buyer group, had lived in Seattle for 15 years, which is 15 years longer than any of the previous owners.
In another report, the Centers for Disease Control warned that H.I.V.
Sitting in his large but spartan office at NBC, which is decorated along the lines of a sporting goods outlet (there is a tall trash can full of footballs and an entire shelf full of baseball gloves, including one autographed by Mickey Mantle that he actually uses in staff softball games), Mr. Letterman described his career thus far, relying heavily on self-deprecating cracks.
Bill Clinton of Arkansas on Tuesday.
The rain location is Saunders Auditorium at 183 Palmer Road.
And these can often get gardeners into trouble.
And this chair is my freedom.
"I mean, what's a person to do?"
This year is beginning on a better note, said Harold Simpson, the bureau's vice president of research, as station sales, both spot and local, are expected to rise by 4 percent to 6 percent during the first quarter, compared with the same period in 1991.
From the start, Mr. Zuckerman has said that he viewed rebuilding the news operation of The News to be a top priority to restoring it as a viable business, and he has sought broad power to hire and fire in the newsroom, which the guild has denounced as union busting.
"Thomas Hucker helps to reshape the way people think about furniture," said David R. McFadden, the curator of decorative arts at the Cooper-Hewitt Museum.
JAMES MARCEDA Staten Island, Feb. 28, 1992
In 1966, when Mr. Koch ran for City Council, some Italian-American backers feared that he might not carry 10 wards in the South Village that were predominantly Italian at the time.
Odd enough, it might seem, for an Iraqi to share a casual conversation with an American.
A few pile into Norman's car and head for the big pro-choice demonstration in Washington.
The composers, Britten, Rachmaninoff and Prokofiev, are hardly strangers.
Labor unions also have begun to take notice of the casino.
"I'm not very hopeful right now that I'll be able to get the pills on time," she said.
The airline continued operating about 60 percent of its normal service, not counting its Northeastern shuttle and regional commuter line, which were not affected.
"He needed to know there would be other games," said Robinson.
"And this is not for five years but for decades."
Billyjojimbob will try to break a 22-year slump for Canadian horses in the International Trot on Saturday night at Yonkers Raceway.
"It's not getting up that's hard," he says.
Finnish Home Run In Nieminen's native Lahti, ski jumping is what baseball is to an average American city, and Nieminen's leaps are to ski jumping what a home run is to baseball.
"We are comfortable, very comfortable."
would reallocate this frequency band to "personal communications services," which may offer a public convenience, but are not a necessity.
The idea is that spliced together the husband and wife form a much more perfect political union.
Dr. Baverstock said he was particularly surprised that the cancers were showing up so soon.
They are available at the Alice Tully Hall box office or through Centercharge, (212) 721-6500.
For one year he had crisscrossed continents, returning to New York again and again to demand justice.
"There were no reports, no 'maydays,' " Lieut.
"I went back to Breslau, but I didn't feel at home.
A member of the board, who spoke on the condition of anonymity, said sentiment against Ziegler has increased during the playoffs, but that Ziegler might have the nine votes he needs to survive.
Before the injury, he had been saying he did not know if he wanted to play next year, when he will be 34 years old, or retire.
The Reds sent eight batters to the plate in the first, when Tewksbury walked a batter for the first time in 42 innings to set up the third run.
Admission is free with a carte d'acheteur (buyer's card), which may be clipped from La Gazette, a weekly magazine about antiques, available the week before the fair at many newsstands.
Mr. Dinkins and many of his top aides are spending the week on Staten Island, the latest stop of his campaign to convince the voters that he is the Mayor of all the people, not just the people in Manhattan.
"I think the banks will come through," she said last week, "but not on terms that will enable the company to grow and diversify."
I am doing everything I can to benefit the team."
3 5 NO GREATER LOVE, by Danielle Steel.
A large explosion along the Miljacka River reportedly wounded two persons.
"He was tired after seven," said Torborg.
Moreover, he intensifies the conflict with his father by making himself an only child instead of the oldest of three siblings (as he is in actuality) and by killing off his mother in a car crash that happens before the action of the novel begins.
But Mr. Viguerie's new dedication to helping old people appears to have been pursued in a manner filled with potential conflicts of interest, in operations that seem, above all, to generate money for his indebted private enterprises.
She frequently performed benefits for charitable causes, including events for orphans, hospitals, youths, veterans and the disabled.
Citing criticism of the fairness of the trial, Judge Glasser said to Mr. Gotti, "It might be a very good idea, if you could do anything about it, to put an end to it."
If working by hand, combine the flour and salt and place the mixture on a smooth surface.
A NORTH DAKOTA physiologist has found an unexpected reason why American women are unusually prone to osteoporosis, the bone disease: when they lose weight they also lose bone, even if they exercise regularly and consume adequate amounts of calcium while dieting.
"She told me she was adapting the Meg Wolitzer book and it was going to be a 20th Century Fox movie and that it was our story," Ms. Simon said.
"This is because the garden just pulls you over.
Pjeter Arbnori of Shkoder, a Democrat, became the assembly's speaker today and is expected to be confirmed in the post on Monday.
Accompanying his grandfather, Cornelius Van Velsor, was another favorite Whitman activity.
"They could not skate like that," Ponomarenko said of the Duchesnays.
I don't know why I got that label as someone who can't play every day, but I have.
The concert came apart with her performance of "Listen," a ferocious assertion of passion that was turned into a chaotic psychodrama illuminated by strobe lights and underlined with clumsy, clattering drum rolls.
In September, Mr. Lau's show was of 20 iridescent glass vessels inspired by Mogul art in India, handblown in Murano, Italy, and designed by Andrea Anastasio, a glass and furniture designer in Milan.
There was loud, excited chatter all around the room and laughter from the office of Fitch, embattled and likely soon to be departed.
The last International Coffee Agreement specifying export quotas collapsed in July 1989, when green coffee was priced near $1.40 a pound.
But in timid response to anti-abortion members of Congress, and even though the drug appears safe in foreign studies, the agency specifically excluded RU486.
Some guest credentials have been granted to local Democratic organizations and to Mayor Dinkins's office.
But now it turns out both were among the offenders.
Oil prices continued rising yesterday, and analysts at several Wall Street firms recommended the purchase of oil company shares.
The guide, Nadege Chatras, who also operates the cash register in the museum store, leads her visitors to an outbuilding with old drying ovens, an antique sorting machine and, displayed on the walls, a collection of historic photographs.
Faldo also started reading some self-help books; one particularly helpful one, he said, is entitiled "Be Happy."
His family said he died of cancer.
"I just wanted to make some money," he said.
For that price, the computer comes with the DOS operating system, 120 megabytes of hard disk storage, four megabytes of system memory, a special graphics controller that makes Windows operate much faster, a 3.5-inch diskette drive, Compaq's Business Audio sound system, and three standard expansion slots, but no monitor or keyboard.
The disorder in the school system was caused in part by a lack of training about how to behave during an earthquake, officials said.
"People picnic on the grass here," Ms. Struk said.
They alter minutes to indicate that unfinished discussions were postponed when they were actually forgotten.
U.S. carrier task forces are not needed to show the flag; Aegis cruisers will do.
And when he needs extra money, he burns down buildings for a Chinese gangster in Los Angeles.
Mr. Shehori's playing may actually be a specialized taste.
Supporters of abortion rights were at the left and the center; an anti-abortion protester was at the right.
Many political experts and Bush supporters have been sharply critical of the campaign's advertising team up to now.
She was the co-author with Jean Lipman of "American Folk Painting" (1967).
The author is the men's swimming coach at Pennsylvania State University.
Not even asking for police help, old Tio goes to a gang of black racketeers, headed by an enormous, gravel-voiced gent called Fat Bobby, (Chino Williams).
"My father was an inventor, very innovative," Nelson said last week.
"Some of us are dumbfounded," says Suzanne Pharr, a lesbian who is a staff member of the Women's Project in Little Rock, a city of 175,000 that has one gay bar and one lesbian bar.
She got the job and three months later confessed her lies, none of them bigger, it turned out, than the one about child care.
Nowadays, you'd call him a hit man.
In the 1991-92 Von Zedtwitz Double Knockout they won six straight matches before succumbing to the eventual winners.
B6 Education Page B7 Yale's avuncular interim president has reinvigorated campus morale.
DeOssie, with a sprained right ankle, was limited last week to snapping for field goals and conversions.
I weep with a great rage, with a slow deliberation.
Mr. Johnson noted that Alan Greenspan, the Federal Reserve chairman, had played down the growing enthusiasm in his Congressional testimony, stressing that the outlook is murky.
Peter Martins -- Ballet master in chief, New York City Ballet.
We win as a football team and we lose as a football team.
The bracelet itself has a circuit.
ONE-MAN SHOW: All-Suffolk County runner Sean Tremblay rushed for two touchdowns and caught another as COMSEWOGUE (4-1) routed AMITYVILLE (3-2), 27-0. .
And it could come in under the wire for the first time since 1984.
'It's Different' Dennis didn't want to imply the American approach is any better or worse than the European.
Will the Hurricanes still be able to consider themselves the heavyweight champions of college football?
On average, they note, American women are less skilled and have less job experience than American men.
"Last week," he says, "he told me he likes my hair."
JAPAN-THINK, AMERI-THINK An Irreverent Guide to Understanding the Cultural Differences Between Us.
The message, which is the work of a private group, the Blue Wave Foundation, is one sign of the growing concern about the environment in Brazil.
The music can be heartbreaking.
Behind bars is Santana (Mr. Olmos), a hardened dealer whose influence corrupts a generation of Hispanic boys.
While the volunteers have yet to be selected, Mr. Garnitz and his wife, Sydelle, are part of a new breed of potential candidates, many of them older than the usual Peace Corps volunteer.
Loss Growing Deeper Olivetti's 1991 results have not yet been announced.
'His Own Ax to Grind' David A. Kaplan, who wrote the Newsweek article, said that the magazine's coverage was fair and that "Mr. Scott, as one of the prosecutors of a man who has now been executed, has his own ax to grind."
The back-bar area is illuminated by spectral white neon lines that define the glass shelves on which the liquor bottles are arrayed.
Before a throng of 72,439 -- the largest crowd ever to watch a Cardinals home game in Arizona-- Troy Aikman overcame a stout Phoenix defense with a pair of touchdown passes.
Two plays at the end of their decisive run epitomized the Knicks' determination.
And next season, the number of concerts in the orchestra's subscription series is decreasing from eight pairs to six.
The gray plaid long skirts, with high pleats, made the new long and lean silhouette seem walkable and sensible for the workaday world.
At 14, Rose is teetering about in high heels and wearing purple lipstick.
After two disappointing losses last weekend, the Knicks could have used an convincing win.
With politics upon the land, Mr. Weingart has used his cheeriness to make a few points of his own, including a recurring chiding of folk and country music for its occasional sexism.
Mr. Bush wore the ribbon during a photo session with Ms. Fisher this morning and then took it off while he flew to Texas aboard Air Force One.
Mr. Clinton will probably sign other orders permitting homosexuals to serve in the military and ending the ban on medical research using fetal tissue, and he will doubtless appoint a coordinator of the Government's AIDS policy.
A7 A QUICK BILLION FOR RUSSIA The I.M.F.
Everyone else in George Kelly's 1924 comedy (at the Criterion Center on Broadway) is present and accounted for.
Another stellar choice was an appetizer special that brought together soothing polenta, assertive broccoli rape laced with garlic and medallions of juicy sausage.
The partnership was formed about the time that the savings and loan, of which Mr. Wright was majority owner, began having trouble.
"It's an urban area bigger than Paris or maybe even New York."
The Iranian consumer boom is back, as well.
The phenomenon gained momentum last July when Christian Lacroix made a designer version to give to buyers and journalists at his haute couture show.
My father, Jacob Salomon Schweid, served as cantor on these occasions.
His previous marriage ended in divorce.
If "he did his best to end the Depression," he was a dismal failure.
This official argued that even if the United Nations passed the French-sponsored measure, the West would implicitly be committed to the threat of military action to get the Serbs to comply.
Limited Inc. Four weeks ended Nov. 28: same-store sales rose 8 percent; overall sales totaled $668.7 million, up 16 percent from $576.7 million.
Business as Usual It is, in many ways, business as usual despite the changed times, as the maneuvering behind the Osprey seems to make clear.
It was just the second complete game in Toronto's last 44 starts; Blue Jays starters had posted a 7.85 e.r.a.
The Magic Johnson story slowly shifts now from shock and sadness to fear and ignorance.
The Olympic figure-skating champion of the 1984 and 1988 Winter Games has made the change from Socialist Darling to Capitalist Celebrity with all the difficulty of walking across the street.
By now everyone knows that "The Silence of the Lambs," directed by Jonathan Demme and starring Anthony Hopkins as Lecter and Jodie Foster as a young F.B.I.
They also agreed that the "deductibility" would not apply to certain kinds of construction, which are to be defined in a side agreement between the two governments and could include settlements that Israel can demonstrate are needed for its security, settlements in East Jerusalem, and things like roads that can be used by both Arabs and Jews.
The bulk of Mr. Bentsen's remarks were devoted to criticizing Republicans in the White House and Congress.
When the temperature plummets after the sun goes down and the ground refreezes, exposed roots could be killed.
Mr. Thurmond said the absence of Mr. Jackson or another black candidate was causing many black voters to become "more discerning and analytical."
The President said it's not a lot of money.
The police said they did not have a motive for the killing of Mr. de Dios, who had left the newspaper in 1988 to begin his own magazine, "Cambio 21," and had recently begun publishing a magazine that focused on crime.
Perhaps, but such an approach leaves a lot to judgment, and even companies that have experienced problems do not always hesitate about returning to the auditing well.
To be sure, plenty of Republicans have died of AIDS, and plenty more are sick.
That is not to say that every malevolent touch by a prison guard gives rise to a Federal cause of action.
But Giraud left a lively portrait in word and image of Papeete as a place in which the light was bearable only at sundown, the trees made him homesick for a French oak, and the plants were all right, but nothing to cross the world for.
Her baskets are quite extraordinary, and, not surprisingly, quite expensive.
For more than 40 years there have been world championships.
But it was 2,000 years more before there was evidence of domestic varieties of peas, lentils, barley and emmer wheat.
Now, with all the diplomats around, along with the American aid planes, the United Nations peacekeepers and the European Community observers, people are joking that all odd-numbered world wars begin in Sarajevo.
The application deadline for the docent training program is Aug. 19.
"I hope we will continue to live together and remain friends," she said.
Cavaliers 118, Pacers 104 RICHFIELD, Ohio (AP) -- Brad Daugherty scored 14 of his 22 points on foul shots and Cleveland had a 34-14 advantage at the line as the Cavaliers beat Indiana for their seventh straight victory.
John R. Weingart, assistant commissioner for regulation, said any formal proposals to modify the law would be published in the fall and subject to formal hearings before their adoption.
Dr. Gary Losse said Friesz was out for the season but should make a full recovery.
Though Orza described the hearing as "helpful," he also said, "the case is a long way from over."
Wherever he went -- from Atlanta to Cleveland to Seattle to Golden State to New York -- Beard was a leader who was never afraid to say what he thought.
In some cases, officials said, corrupt adjusters smashed walls and pipes to stage phony damage or sprayed tea on walls to create water stains for photographs.
Maybe the Bush Administration was right: declare victory, put it on the back burner and put out the pilot light.
The early surge helped the Government finance $10.5 billion worth of five-year Treasury notes at extremely favorable rates.
Among them I note mostly the beautiful breasts, gently swaying as the women towel off, glistening like fruit under the shower.
In December, it said "Happy Holidays."
Mr. Oberman was a booster of biotechnology companies' potential for scientific discoveries and financial growth.
So I got up and walked up to him and waited until he finished, and I said, 'You know, if you're going to keep looking at me and I'm going to keep looking back, we at least ought to know each other.'
He also wrote more than 300 journal articles, mostly on linguistics and Spanish, but some on subjects as diverse as universal military training, sewage reclamation and civil liberties.
Essentially a symphonic enlargement of his "Rue Lipp" of 1928, this has a congested, full-bodied look that is exactly the opposite of the spare, cool distillation of the earlier painting.
On a baking sheet divide half of the potatoes into 8 small mounds.
Some ate pizzas and hamburgers, and others greeted friends and videotaped one another.
It was delicious and just sweet enough to satisfy as a dessert, as was the green tea, also scented with cardamom, a pleasing second choice.
Probably nowhere in the world, at any time, has the middle class grown so rapidly as in Asia in the last dozen years.
She worked as a receptionist at a doctor's office until a few years ago.
At that point, he wanted to leave.
As Mame Reiley, the Wilder campaign coordinator in New Hampshire, sees matters, the Governor's poor showing in the polls there was due in good measure to a slow start.
" Take the Opportunity The pressure increased on Wednesday when Coach Bruce Coslet blasted the Jets' kicking game, saying it was "less than mediocre."
The New York Public Library consists of 82 branches, which circulate materials, and four research centers, including the Central Research Library at Fifth Avenue and 42d Street, the annex on West 43d Street, the Library for the Performing Arts at Lincoln Center and the Schomburg Center for Research in Black Culture, 515 Lenox Avenue, at 135th Street, in Harlem.
But those withdrawals were more than offset by investments by new customers.
The speech must trumpet a list of White House accomplishments, real and imagined, as well as an equally improbable list of proposals for the nation's future greatness.
I think it will be obvious that he's on top of the problem, and that will be taken into account."
This could be quite alarming, since it would mean that 60 percent of lefties die in their 30's and 40's.
Background information on the proposed laws is included on the form.
She emphasized that she does not support terrorism, but now believes that "we need to fight the causes of terrorism."
"The situation is very precarious," said Lyndall Sachs, the High Commissioner's information officer here.
Anticipating the gap, Representative John P. Murtha, Democrat of Pennsylvania, introduced legislation this summer to keep free vaccine available for those Medicare recipients who had been getting it under the program.
But for all the optimistic appraisals, senior officials in both countries cautioned that an agenda is no more than that: a list of the items that will be discussed when the talks resume next week.
Still, the prevailing attitude seemed to be more of a pox-on-both-their-houses variety.
So what, conventioneers were asked, do you miss most about the 80's?
New unemployment figures indicating a small drop in first-time claims were taken as a positive but not significant sign, he said.
Each time, a long partisan reign came to an end in a landslide.
The cost of clearing samples, already expensive, would rise even higher with the additional cost of paying for drumbeats.
Her parents gave her an automobile as a reward for her accomplishments.
As a plant manager earlier in his career, he said he had to cope with some problems that developed primarily because the staff was not made part of decision-making.
Mr. Henry, the investment banker, described the establishment of the trading system as "like a magic legal wand was waved, and all utilities in the country became one utility for purposes of acid rain control."
"We're seeing some signs," Mr. Guarascio said.
The next screen adds Narai's address, gives a price range for entrees for both lunch and dinner, and notes the credit cards it accepts, days and hours, specialties and other features (wine and beer only, nonsmoking area).
The problem is that no matter what he talks about, people want to know why it took him so long to wake up.
The Penguins scored twice on their first four, with by Jaromir Jagr and Kevin Stevens getting them, to drive Ed Belfour from the net, where he was replaced by Dominik Hasek.
"I was still in Jamaica."
In the end, the critical archive of documents, if it existed as suspected in the Agriculture Ministry, has likely been removed.
That alternative was Penny Marshall's summer hit "A League of Their Own," about a women's baseball team during World War II.
He is also happy to have Swindell and Belcher instead of Armstrong and Scudder.
The company said its share of the loss reduced its reported earnings by 3 cents a share.
He returned with some 800 photographs and slides of Mi Refugio and Ms. Engan's students.
An American bomb disposal expert who was detained for two days by Iraq returned to Kuwait today and said one of the policemen who seized him at the border had threatened to shoot him.
Biking in the park is cheap, fun, easy and as good a way as any to pretend that the fettuccine ai funghi for dinner will replace calories lost, not add to critical mass.
It must also be pointed out that Lord Buddha himself was an Aryan belonging to the famous tribe of the Sakyas.
Whitman keeps coming back to that bird as a refrain in this poem."
But New Line was unable to come to terms with Orion's creditors on a variety of issues, including price, and said today that it was halting its efforts.
And does Mr. Rao, the paper asked, "have the stomach for hard decisions and the stamina for dogged pursuit?"
The dollar's slide late last month against the yen and its 17 percent plunge earlier this year against the mark, reaching a record low in August, did not bring on a crisis because Washington has not pledged to peg the dollar at a certain rate.
Hard Core Still Armed So far, the Marti Front has demobilized roughly 5,000 of its estimated 8,000 combatants.
INSIDE PITCH The American League president, BOBBY BROWN, has still not decided on Baltimore's protest of Sunday's loss to the Yankees in which the Orioles charged that TIM LEARY scuffed several baseballs.
Walters immediately senses the danger.
In the mid-1970's, he also acquired an abandoned Baptist church in South Philadelphia, spent months renovating it, and opened it as a nightclub, the Roman Gardens.
He does not consider falling leaves a hazard.
President Bush told reporters on the South Lawn of the White House that some "new ideas" had been presented today, without providing any details.
Pointing to recent Dutch research, the agency said the fracture rate for one large Shiley valve, which opens to 60 degrees, was five times higher than previously thought.
This difference can be backed up by numbers.
For the first time in a race for the White House, gay and lesbian issues are being raised -- and fought over.
Waste Management fell 2 3/4, to 34 3/8.
Her father retired as a consulting engineer in New York.
In its patent, the company notes that many pickle slices develop holes in their centers leaving them with little more than rind.
The first offer was found not to be high enough.
The Manchurian Scalper The laws say ticket counterfeiting and scalping are illegal.
O'Brien's contention is that he should be paid the average salary of the league's starting quarterbacks last year, which his agent, Jeff Moorad, puts at $2.1 million.
His friends retort that his energetic fund-raising was precisely what Yale needed at the time.
"If this is a part of it, it remains to be seen in the next five weeks."
Bush aides said the results of the voting in New Hampshire and South Dakota, where Mr. Bush did not do as well as expected, had finally convinced the White House that Mr. Bush's political themes were falling flat and that the President was suffering by not responding to Mr. Buchanan's attacks.
But Indiana kept possession and Cheaney made two fouls shots to put the game away.
The finding, which is built on two and a one half years work by leading researchers, is expected to have a profound impact.
The Baltimore case is being watched in other states because of the scope of the consolidation.
Mr. Hikind backed Mr. Giuliani and has repeatedly accused Mayor Dinkins of ordering the police to hold back from quelling violence between blacks and Jews in Crown Heights last summer.
's proposed $10 billion five-year plan for the renovation of subway and commuter lines.
But when he wasn't playing bass with Dinosaur Jr., Mr. Barlow was trading homemade tapes with Eric Gaffney.
"I like his support and commitment for women."
He also made by far his strongest remarks yet in support of Mr. Abrams.
Bill Clinton, the front-runner for the Democratic Presidential nomination, and former President Richard M. Nixon, Mr. Bush argued that passage of the Freedom Support Act, as the American-Russian aid package is known, would be the keystone of a post-cold-war American effort to "build a democratic peace" with all the former Communist lands.
Most of them were Catholics.
A1 DIVISION IN LOS ANGELES A struggle for political power is intensifying among ethnic groups in Los Angeles, focusing on a battle for an interim schools post.
Mr. Yamauchi's comments came as Nintendo, which has sold millions of electronic video game units in the United States, has been attempting to portray itself as a company with deep American roots.
Force the connector ends all the way into the hose sections.
His Republican opponent, Rick Lazio, is an engaging Suffolk County legislator who clearly has a future in politics, but we endorse Mr. Downey for his mastery of substantive issues.
WILL OPEN FOR SPRING The University of Bridgeport reached agreement with a consortium of banks on a $2.2 million loan that will enable it to open for its spring semester and complete the current academic year.
"They've never been in trouble before."
His frequent absences concerned his teachers.
They were officially opened on June 17 by President Richard von Weizsacker and Chancellor Helmut Kohl, who predicted Bonn's continuing cultural vitality in his remarks.
But secondary offerings have been a blessing in disguise, they say.
The reduction in Chemical's prime rate by a quarter of a percentage point reduced the bank's earnings by $6,944 a day for each $1 billion of loans that were pegged to the prime.
Then Mr. Ekstract met Ms. Agrest and Mr. Gandelsonas.
At the same time, United Nations workers here have started to come under attack for the first time.
And, unlike other 13-D's, it included little information that would affect the stock.
I was the fortunate one."
(BOA Editions, cloth, $18; paper, $9.)
If you must wear closed shoes, choose real leather, canvas or mesh; synthetic leather, plastic and rubber do not "breathe."
If two ex-Mets right-handers, David Cone and Ron Darling, will be matched against each other instead of whether the Mets will swallow Vince Coleman's multimillion dollar contract.
But Representative Charles E. Bennett, Democrat of Florida, called the bill an important first step toward developing an agenda for better education.
This can be accomplished by assuring physicians the authority to negotiate contractual terms with the insurance networks on the arrangements under which they deliver care and are then paid.
Each night, two helicopters touched down briefly just beyond the Iraqi guerrillas' front line, in a valley harboring one of the Turkish separatists' main bases, then flew back toward Iran, guerrilla leaders said.
It is an eerie and moving reconciliation.
But "it's not that easy," he said.
At another point Mr. Brown said, "I don't think large contributions per se have any different impact than contributions raised under these limits."
The reason for this, it seems clear from the reception the two men receive, is that Mr. Gore's presence on the platform, and on the ticket as the running mate, gives Mr. Clinton's Presidential bid an important boost.
In one of the best couplings, the contrast is between a lush green valley and a nubbly encaustic surface of metallic green over red with black incisions.
With taxes and operating costs on the rise, the job of maintaining the financial health of co-ops and condominiums has never been more of a challenge for their boards of directors and managers.
Future tours will explore Striver's Row (May 31), Astor Row (June 7) and brownstones and churches in the Mount Morris Park neighborhood (June 14).
Even though Mr. Clinton has been the champion fund raiser among the Democratic hopefuls, Mr. Bush is by far the leader of all candidates.
This is a poor neighborhood, but it's home."
But that's not our system.
"He's quiet, doesn't bother anybody.
While noting that American youths in general are less well educated and less prepared for work than German or Japanese youths, these experts say special efforts need to be made for minority youths, who often grow up in a climate of poverty, violence and despair.
Mr. Gonzalez said in June that the slow pace of bank closings was reminiscent of the way savings and loans were handled in 1988.
A female voice, "I can't believe you came on like that to him."
It's easy to pass laws, but they are forgotten unless they are needed and used."
Both women, he said, remain friends of his.
The children, despite their savvy, show some charming naivete.