Last summer he was voted the best quarterback at a weeklong football camp sponsored by North Carolina.
''But I think it's very positive because I have to work harder.
'Confusion' and Delay In a short statement announcing her decision, Mayor Byrne said a protracted court battle ''will tend to lead to further confusion among the voters and cause a delay in the decision-making process of the electorate.''
Throughout his life, Charles Gombault expressed a high regard for the standards of the American press and said he had tried to implant them in France.
''I was on the fence at the San Diego meeting last summer when we took a straw vote, and I could've been convinced either way.
The Saints led the 49ers, 13-6, at the half but then became unglued.
The debut evening led off with Lawrence Tibbet singing ''The Star Spangled Banner'' (in 1958, George Balanchine would dedicate the premiere of his ballet, ''Stars and Stripes'' at the City Center to La Guardia).
Phil Stanley, livestock analyst for Thomson McKinnon Securities Inc. in Chicago, said that packer demand for hogs remained weak.
When Carpenter learned that the Giants had drafted someone who played the same position, he wanted to find out more about him.
Unlike Mr. Fraser, who went to work in a Chrysler plant at the age of 18 and had longstanding contacts with Chrysler executives, Mr. Bieber, who headed the union's General Motors Department before winning the union presidency, is not well known to the company.
Ford sales of 588,067 were up 3.9 percent, too, giving it 22.2 percent of the market.
There are particular times when it may be especially useful.
The Persian Gulf nations want to keep the Iran-Iraq war and the P.L.O.
As Gordon Streeb, the Assistant Secretary of State who is the United States delegation leader at Unctad VI, says: ''If, for example, the current efforts to prevent a debt crisis are not sufficent, there will be a serious look at whether we need to do something more fundamental - a greater injection of liquidity, or so forth.''
Each farm also has a ''yield base,'' the average production per acre.
Claude E. Hamilton Jr., retired senior partner of the New York law firm of White & Case and former general counsel of the Reconstruction Finance Corporation, died Sunday at his home in Port Washington, L.I.
But as the chairman of the board of Public Radio Station WAMC, Albany, I feel compelled to raise some warnings.
* Fireman's Fund Insurance Co., Novato, Calif., has elected Raymond G. Bacon, Gerald L. Geers and Edward T. Laugle senior vice presidents.
He made his comments to reporters after a speech here.
It costs hundreds of thousands of government dollars to keep them there when they could be cared for in less expensive facilities.
The scale is that of Veronese or Tintoretto - or, if you wish, of Puvis de Chavannes in late 19th-century France or the Mexican muralists in the 1930's.
A hospital nurse said it was not known how the injured man, Bruce Foutch, was burned.
The competition is a lot tougher there.
''It would only take one extra day,'' said Alastair Stair in support of vetting for the New York show.
''First the game,'' he said with a laugh.
The Puerto Rican Traveling Theater has been doing its split-week bilingual programs of Hispanic and general drama ever since, touring New York's boroughs in summer and performing, for the last several years, in its own 47th Street Playhouse, 304 West 47th Street (354-1293).
Mr. Walker is a son of Mort Walker, the creator of ''Beetle Bailey'' and the president of the museum.
American aid resulted in the construction of roads near the village, and influential people in the lowlands wanted the newly accessible land.
But the wealth hasn't penetrated more than a block or two inland from the Boardwalk.
The original paintings will be on exhibit, along with calligraphy from the society's collection.
As a result, there is no alternative group of importance in the black community to prod the traditional leaders or the larger society into action.
His goal is to master the game - to knock down all of the bricks in a six-layered wall in only five shots.
Unfortunately the effect of all of this is to deny the essential feel of a stone exterior, which should have a certain roughness.
It said there were no survivors.
At the same time, he said, United has an opportunity to strengthen its dominance of traffic out of Denver now that Continental is cutting the number of its flights to 24 a day from 89.
Until recently, nobody was even looking at low doses of nonionizing radiation as a potential problem.''
But, he added, ''The talks were very preliminary and basically exploratory concerning the possibility of combining the two organizations.''
''What's important is saving this Liberty ship - somewhere,'' Mr. Gillen said.
In the ninth, a left-right-left combination by Boza-Edwards prompted the referee Richard Steel to call for a standing 8-count.
Murtha (D) Y Y 13.
''We've tried to select the guys,'' Steinbrenner said, ''who have such mental makeup that having a big contract isn't going to affect what they do on the field.
In Condominium 12, with 114 units, most of the houses were 2-bedrooms, selling in the $135,000 to $137,000 range, Mr. Paparazzo said.
''It is Manhattan's answer to a botanical garden.''
An exception can be made for Eric Hoffer.
Autopsies serve many more purposes.
The Indian Point nuclear power plants in Westchester and many other plants have failed to meet the deadline, but the commission has not ordered any to shut down or reduce their power.
Main courses are named for fashion designers, again purely random.
The desire to track down these potential tax evaders was one reason why Congress enacted the registered bond rule.
Joshua Nkomo, the Zimbabwe opposition leader, arrived here early today, ending five months of self-imposed exile in Britain where he fled to escape what he said were Government plots to kill him.
But, says Mr. Spiegel: ''We had spoken to every actor in the world.
He aded, ''It's a problem, but how bad it is is unanswerable at this time.''
She said the visa official told her there was a reason her husband, a music teacher, could not emigrate but that he was not at liberty to tell her what that reason is.
However, manufacturing in general and auto parts in particular, are no longer the dominant forces in this highly diversified company.
For one thing, he says, his company, the Schottenstein Stores Corporation, acquired a 15 percent stake in Wieboldt's as part of a group that won control of the chain in a proxy fight.
Second-quarter sales are expected to total $256 million to $277 million, compared with $426.6 million in last year's second quarter.
After the news of the illness, aides supplied more details of various ailments that had afflicted him for many years.
Those did not require any additional permitting, he said, because they were smaller than the minimum size regulated by town law.
She said that the dolls, ''whose private sexual parts are all anatomically correct,'' were used ''to help sexually abused youngsters describe accurately what they have experienced. ''
Another factor to bear in mind is that restaurants, hotels and stores that cater to tourists are as aware as you are that the strong dollar makes everything look cheap to you.
Olivia Virgil Harper's performance as Eliante comes off as an acting class recitation.
Social scientists differ sharply on how much credence to place in refugee reports of chemical attacks.
* ''In our view, the Minister of Defense (Ariel Sharon) made a grave mistake when he ignored the danger of acts of revenge and bloodshed by the Phalangists against the population in the refugee camps.
He and a co-defendant, Stephen Pearson, were arrested last September at Piazza's home in Miramar.
Power Plant's Bounty Plump red tomatoes, crisp cucumbers and delicate butter lettuce are sprouting in the shadow of the 17- story red-brick Charles Poletti Power Plant, near the Triborough Bridge in Astoria, Queens.
A farmyard menagerie packed into an apartment in a Manhattan housing project was saved yesterday from becoming a cult sacrifice, A.S.P.C.A.
Conference report on emergency job appropriation that provides $4.6 billion to create jobs and aid the unemployed.
In early August, after the lawmakers rushed through a ''technical correction'' raising the limit to $6,500 per patient, the hospice lobby moved in.
Gerry turned left to try to avoid him but it was too late.''
Typically, the rainfall for the three months ending yesterday is a little more than 17 inches.
Was he brought down finally because he was tired?
The traveling ''Paddy Noonan Irish Show'' pulls into Alfred G. Berner High School on Carmen Mill Road at 8 P.M. Monday for a performance that will cost celebrators $10, while those who prefer a more pictorial celebration can catch ''The Backroads of Ireland,'' a free slide-lecture by Andrea Doherty, also on Monday, at 8:30 P.M. at the East Meadow Public Library on Front Street.
Instead, they would direct much of the increased aid into programs only in needy districts.
In three minutes the storm destroyed 750 acres of vines - the equivalent of what could have been about 1.6 million bottles of some of the world's very best wine.
Miss Le Gallienne, in particular, was so taken with his stature that once, at a rehearsal for ''Romeo and Juliet,'' she insisted that he come on stage, hoist up his trouser legs and display his muscular calves so that the men of the company could better see how legs should look in tights.
He remarked that the fundamental factors, those inherent in the grains themselves, had not changed.
He adds that you should cook the sauce about 10 minutes and then add the ham.
With the divestiture, different operating companies will supply local service and A.T.& T. will face more competition in supplying long-distance service.
While few of the newer, small investment entrepreneurs make it big, it is possible for a small firm with a modest $200 million to $300 million in assets under its management to earn its principals a quite comfortable living.
''Presidential campaigns are like used car lots - they promise you everything,'' Mr. Stewart said.
If a show by unknowns comes in, it seems to have a better chance than one that's full of great expectations.''
''You can't fly your colors when you're in there,'' he said.
Organizers of the Toyota Grand Prix of Long Beach and officials of Championship Auto Racing Teams announced today that next year's race through the downtown streets would feature Indy cars.
Norma DeVincentis, spokesman for the Medical Center of Beaver County, said two people who had been injured in the blast had died at the hospital.
STEVEN M. POLAN Special Counsel, Metropolitan Transportation Authority New York, Nov. 2, 1983
All Arated bonds are not the same, because the market assigns different interest rates to different kinds of bonds.
''They don't know what to expect.
They have three young children and live in Houston.
A Family Business Still, the Sono is making progress.
''The Day After'' is running at three movie theaters in Hamburg.
The northern port city of Tripoli, which is under Syrian control, was the scene of fierce shelling exchanges between pro-and anti-Syrian Moslem factions who broke a week-old cease-fire and resumed killing one another.
And we are grateful to have you with us, sharing this heavy weight upon your shoulders.
Just in Time for Christmas ''Astounding,'' said a young secretary for an American company.
Mayor Koch's advisers are sympathetic, and one of the drafters of the plan, Lawrence Kurlander, is now Governor Cuomo's Director of Criminal Justice.
So Poland in oppression and resentment was familiar to me.
Nassau County Executive Francis T. Purcell and John C. Gallagher, Chief Deputy County Executive of Suffolk, stopped far short of predicting calamity if the issue failed.
Dealers were not surprised, given the state of their credit needs yesterday.
The Infas polling organization said that nationwide some two million voters who normally supported the Social Democrats had switched to Mr. Kohl's party.
But the turns themselves are always there, in perpetual affirmation of Newton's law.
''House Republicans have an obligation to look beyond their party,'' the conference organizers said in a memorandum to their colleagues.
Now I have to screen them.''
It has been over a month since you filed for bankruptcy and slimmed down.
The goal of the 1982 provisions was to prevent rich people from using their pensions as a way to transfer wealth to a younger generation without paying much estate or income tax.
He was imprisoned five times, for a total of seven years, until India became independent in 1947.
Little affordable housing has been built or renovated in the Inlet or anywhere else in the city.
Two decades ago, when Congress outlawed racial and sex bias in employment, the nation was looking forward to steadily expanding job markets.
Casualty reports were not available.
Mr. Russell plans to change the time of the action of Butterfly from the late 19th century to the beginning of World War II, retaining the locale of Nagasaki, Japan.
''Such collusion with the K.G.B.
''But the level of debt to exports is much higher in Latin America than East Asia.''
In what sounds like an otherwise helpful and constructive notice there is a negative note struck which could well vitiate much of its positive contribution.
It began with a capital H to mean the rediscovery of Greek and Latin ''humanities'' literature that led to the Renaissance, as the Dark Ages' dependence on theological rigidities was replaced by a new reverence for the workings of the human mind.
The search was being pressed in Minnesota, Iowa, South Dakota and Wisconsin, and the police in North Dakota and Nebraska were advised to be on the alert.
Referring to reports that she is the driving force behind him, Mr. Reagan said of the Presidency: ''People who don't know what they're talking about have written that this was somehow her idea.
b-After a loss of $3,705 from discontinued operations, a tax credit of $87,500, and an expense of $200,000 for possible losses arising from litigation.
To save money, Andrew Cuomo is living with his father in the Executive Mansion.
Mr. Schickele attributes the fact that many works have been found in the United States to the 19th century's ''great waves of immigration.''
An action by Thomas P. Vartanian, general counsel of the bank board, appeared to modify this position.
Yet unlike so many ballets set to symphonies, Mr. Neumeier's does not have cosmic pretensions.
It's the most savage view of marriage yet from the author of ''A Day in the Death of Joe Egg'' and ''Forget-Me-Not Lane.''
Fischer is an example of security through strength on the field.
The collections of nine lenders are represented, 35 of which are from the still-bank collection of Don Duer, a Florida architect.
''I just never thought about it much until recently.''
An old man asked only $35 for his tired donkey, which he was selling to trade up to a newer model.
He said he also expected questions about reports of army attacks on Mr. Nkomo's followers in Matabeleland, a linguistically and culturally distinct region.
Mr. Posner said a nurse had taken him through the rubble of the hospital, where Cuban soldiers had taken refuge before the bombing.
''They aren't shrieks, they're notes,'' he said.
Late dollar rates in the United States compared with late Friday included: 2.6915 marks, up from 2.6675; 8.0975 French francs, up from 8.0750; 2.1830 Swiss francs, up from 2.1675; 246.35 yen, up from 245.70, and 1.2315 Canadian dollars, up from 1.2318.
Dr. Jacobson was born in Chicago and graduated from Northwestern in two years; he received a Ph.D. from Harvard in 1909.
* Writer Corp.'s offering of 1.2 million common shares was priced at $14.75 a share through Shearson/American Express Inc.
''Why haven't there ever been any inquiries as to what he was doing on the second floor, why he abandoned his partner, how did he happen to get outside of that building while his partner was still inside getting killed?
Feminist politics is as full of differing philosophies and scholarly debate as other fields.
Government tests conducted in the summer of 1981 and again last November and December, indicated that tens of thousands of the cars' have a hazardous tendency to lock their rear brakes.
He had bought the property in 1952, and for the 13 years before the jetties went in, he had fended for himself against the sea, twice suffering significant damage during that period.
Roots in Military Bands Free music goes back to much earlier times and is almost as old as politics in the American capital.
The study said that child-support payments in 1981 averaged $2,110, up from $1,800 in 1978.
Doug James Henning began saying his Abra-cadabras for pay in Oakville, Ontario, at the age of 14.
Strawberry made two fine throws.
A total of two million people attended Off and Off Off Broadway productions in 1982, according to Miss Moss.
The eyes of the world were on Williamsburg, he said at last.
In World War II the company produced about half of the aviation horsepower used by American forces, and its Sikorsky Aircraft division was the only producer of helicopters.
*3*** COMPANY REPORTS ** View Full Article in Timesmachine »
''Wild Life,'' a trio of his comedies, is now in preview at the Vandam Theater, 15 Vandam Street (675-0498).
We must be kept alive for future generations of actors.''
As David walked along Third Avenue, near 45th Street, under the elevated Brooklyn-Queens Expressway, he pointed to a storefront.
Mobil added 1 3/8, to 27 1/4; Getty 2 1/8, to 54 1/8; Atlantic-Richfield 1 1/4, to 43 5/8, and Pennzoil 7/8, to 34 7/8.
''I would like to share this with those people.''
Still, all the leaders - who also included Chancellor Bruno Kreisky of Austria and Kalevi Sorsa, the Prime Minister of Finland - asserted in one way or another that solutions would inevitably have to be international.
Their future, these scientists believe, is likely to be ''rife with tension and conflict.''
Bill Almon singled Henderson to third before Murphy lined the game-winning hit to the right of the second baseman Manny Trillo.
A lineup of noted fiction and suspense authors, including Mary Higgins Clark, William F. Buckley Jr., Gregory Mcdonald, Robert B. Parker, Donald E. Westlake, Dorothy Uhnak, Hillary Waugh and Stanley Ellen, are scheduled to appear this month at the New York Public Library for four evenings of lectures titled ''The Body in the Library.''
Mostly, they will remember one game, the 27-23 victory over the Oakland Raiders for the 1968 A.F.L.
Medical HouseCalls is a six-month-old referral service that Robin Sorelle and Charlotte Spencer operate out of a basement room in Miss Spencer's home here.
On balancing the budget: * ''Be not made a beggar by banqueting upon borrowing, when thou hast nothing in thy purse.''
But then Ted Turner, the Braves' owner, confirmed published reports that the Atlanta outfielder Brett Butler was among the three players, and as a result of the disclosure, Commissioner Bowie Kuhn said yesterday that the Braves would be fined $25,000 for violating the rule covering deals involving players to be named later.
Alabama-Birmingham beat Valparaiso, 64-49, in another first-round game.
The 18-year-old Arias, spurred on by the crowd, defeated Andres Gomez of Ecuador, 6-4, 2-6, 6-4, in the final and earned $51,000.
In the domestic market, it increased its share five percentage points, to 45 percent last year, while Yamaha's share slipped two and a half percentage points, to just under 34 percent.
There are such gems of political analysis as an informant's comment that ''applicant was permitted to drink cocktails at a very tender age'' and that he has ''a Utopian idealistic point of view and believes that the 'common man should be taken care of.'
Mr. Nash, his face a stoic profile, stared at Mr. Waples's back as the prosecutor spoke for more than three hours.
''If Gemayel comes away empty-handed,'' he said, ''all hell will break loose.''
Using big, brushy strokes, she lays on colors in juicy textures, bathing her anonymous edifices (no Helmsley Palace here) in the violent tones of New York light, from flaming sunset red to the glowing yellow hues of morning.
''Ralph is just a private person,'' Mrs. Payne said.
He said he would not go through the rolls and lower the assessments, because he does not have a basis for doing it and will only change the assessments if challenged.
President Ferdinand E. Marcos said today that he had no intention of resigning despite the suspicions aroused by the assassination of his major political opponent.
''Ford's grant for the arts stabilization fund,'' Mr. Thomas said, ''is additional to the substantial contributions the foundation has made and will continue to make in support of art and culture.''
In most home settings, instruction is inclined to be informal, chatty and helpful on a one-to-one basis.
''A more conservative, well-delineated definition will enable truly psychotic defendants to be judged not responsible but will forstall danger to the community through acquittal of dangerous persons, however statistically few they may be.''
But the silver market is in a precarious position, said Len Alpert, a metals trader with Merrill Lynch Commodities in Greenwich, Conn.
Messages Encoded in DNA The new possibilities stem from the rapid and sweeping advances being made in the ability to understand messages of the human genes encoded in deoxyribonucleic acid, or DNA, the genetic material of all living things.
''I think it gives us the unique opportunity not only to rebuild New York but to enhance our own credibility,'' the Governor said at a post-election news conference.
''Little Red Riding Hood''), which The New York Times judged one of this year's 10 best illustrated books.
Moakley (D) Y N N 10.
He said that further delaying full-scale production of the missile would also greatly increase its costs over the long run.
High interest rates, resulting from the clash between loose fiscal and tight money policies, have made the United States dollar so overpriced as to undermine American exports and overstimulate imports.
That one was hit by Gary Redus for a blooping single that dropped between second base and center field.
It paid tribute to his pioneering opinions on the importance of consumer protection and the unwisdom of the Vietnam war.
c-Including a special gain of $15.2 million.
Words from Treasury: The Secretary of the Treasury, Donald T. Regan, will address the Washington Press Club.
A doubleheader - the last games at Forbes Field - was played on June 28, 1970.
Joan Bacarella, 45, of Englishtown, N.J., testified that the defendant took $40,000 worth of inventory from her store before she could obtain a divorce and marry him.
He will be responsible for all major trial courts outside New York City - ''roughly 450,'' he said, ''with a budget of about $185 million a year.''
The emotion is too raw, the narrative clear but flat and pedestrian, the characters mere voice boxes.
The aim of the Chapter 11 provision is to allow a financially troubled company to operate under court protection from creditors while it works out a plan to repay its debt.
official not to wear them when the Open began.
Most Salvadorans look to the 1984 elections with apathy or gloom.
It was unknown just how the changes in their remarks occurred or if they, too, had seen raw transcripts of the hearings before the official versions were printed and had had the opportunity to make revisions.
Admiral McDonald, like other Administration officials, said that estimates before the invasion placed the number of Cubans in Grenada at 500 to 600, with at least half serving as construction workers.
Tossing the balls, and thus sensing differences in their acceleration, may be the best way of getting the right answers.
A French soldier was killed today when his patrol was fired on by an unidentified gunman, a spokesman for the French force here said.
* Dollar Dry Dock Savings Bank elected Raymond L. Miller Jr. executive vice president in charge of the lending group.
Whether he's playing a slow blues or the chugging Memphis soulstyle blues with horns that gave him hits in the 1960's, Mr. King never seems rushed.
It can be operated cordless and has a recharger, and the manufacturer says it will run for 18 minutes when charged.
Rather than adopting a more flexible and compromising posture in the face of the American military assertiveness, the Kremlin has broken off the negotiations on medium- range nuclear forces in Europe and left the strategic arms talks dangling in suspension.
Those guys are all from New York.
The Commandant of the Marine Corps, Gen. Paul X. Kelley, flew to Beirut today for a personal investigation into how terrorists penetrated security at the Marine base in Beirut.
Tickets at $13 and $15 may be reserved by calling 787-4282.
Shop Early Oct. 17 - One of the city's more pleasant shopping sites opens in the second-floor library of what had been the Lamont mansion at 107 East 70th Street.
What if the people of the world agreed now to reach out toward one another, so that in educating their children they fostered the significance of the 2000-year milestone?
The company put up the extra cash, hoping to get it back from the tenants and their customers.
By 1967, however, as a consequence of Chinese-Soviet disputes over both territory and ideology, China's workers were withdrawn from Mongolia, leaving some projects unfinished.
Mr. Shultz will meet with senior representatives of those countries at the United Nations Plaza Hotel and later with Mr. Nujoma there, officials said.
Today Mr. Smithers says ''everything is hunky-dory.''
On Friday night, en route to setting a national indoor high school record, Davis outran Ed Yearwood of Morgan State (48.01), Paul (48.17) and Robinson (49.84) in his section.
For three days during the last week, Dan Rather found himself in the unusual position of sitting before television cameras as a newsmaker instead of a news anchor.
The order's superior, after a long silence, has sided with the nun in the dispute.
The long 18-week season ended for the New Jersey Generals today, and their last performance was one of their poorest.
Wherever two or three like-minded New Yorkers are gathered together, there you will find an association.
The Government had said new prices would be announced, but Mr. Labastida told reporters upon returning from Paris meetings with foreign oil officials: ''We never said that we were going to lower the price.''
C. Although the umpires are being overruled, it is not in my opinion the fault of the umpires involved, but rather is the fault of the Official Playing Rules, which in some areas are unclear and unprecise.
Lester Wolfe, former president of William J. Rountree Company, steamship agent and broker, and an inventor of instruments that aided American armed forces in World War II, died of heart failure Wednesday at his summer home in Southampton, L.I.
The device might work effectively as narration in a film, but on stage it can be intrusive.
He graduated from the Kuibyshev Aviation Institute in 1952, then rose through the ranks at the institute to become chief designer there in 1966.
Mr. Quinn said that graduates could expect to earn as much as $18,000 a year for beginning word-processing or data- entry jobs or $20,000 as an entry-level computer operator or programmer.
''They can tell when you've designed something and when you haven't.
Los Angeles took a 21-7 lead 57 seconds into the final quarter, capping a 98-yard drive that took 6:24 and 14 plays.
His law practice got him involved in real estate, and from there he moved to the New York Central Railroad, where for eight years he had been in charge of the line's substantial real estate interests.
Most of the marchers were black, but there were also large numbers of Hispanic and non-Hispanic white people.
Last night, both probably would have loved to trade places with Pavelich.
The club is currently preparing for its annual Christmas show, a fund- raising event that drew 5,000 people last year.
I think our Constitution has met the test of time.
By the year 2025, planners anticipate that the population of the state will have tripled, with most of the newcomers drawn to Phoenix and Tucson, those urban islands in the desert.
State Democratic leaders say that an early primary date would give the state a major voice in the selection of the Democratic Presidential nominee at the national convention.
''But why do we love it?
When Abdul-Jabbar was asked about Malone's physical play, he said: ''They tell me that if someone stops hitting you on the head with a hammer you feel good.
The lower prices for crude oil were announced by the Exxon Corporation, the world's largest oil company, and five other major American companies, including the Mobil Corporation and the Gulf Oil Corporation.
Then there is the question of a law that forces a small upstate community to do what New York City does; do you grant more options, and thus more opportunities?
Thomas's run batted in was his first, in his 22d time at bat, since he was acquired from Milwaukee.
leaders were summoned for an emergency meeting in Tunis on Thursday, senior Palestinian sources said tonight.
NORTH S Q 7 3 H A 8 4 D 10 7 C K Q J 10 7 WEST (D) EAST S K 10 8 5 S J 9 6 4 2 H Q 7 5 2 H 10 3 D A K Q 8 D 6 5 3 C 8 C 9 6 4 SOUTH S A H K J 9 6 D J 9 4 2 C A 5 3 2 Both sides were vulnerable.
Watching Mr. Cuomo outline his intentions on Thursday, it came to mind that the new Governor ought to take pains not to make his hard job any harder by adding a credibility gap to his fiscal one.
Changes in the State Constitution approved by voters in 1980 were aimed at reducing the court's caseload at a time of growing national concern about swelling court dockets and their effect on the quality of justice.
''Our instinct was to be honest with the kids,'' executive producer Dulcy Singer says.
On one of those glowingly fresh, cool days that can occur any time from October to April but especially in the fall and early spring, when the air is like crystal and Delhi seems as pristine as it must have been when civilization first came to India 5,000 years ago, it is well worth the short climb to Tughlakabad's topmost tower.
Acknowledging the probable difficulties, Mr. Kennedy said, ''The American people are ahead of Congress on this issue and we are going to keep after it until we get every member of the Senate to stand up and cast a yea or nay vote.''
There are also substantial differences between the two Republicans, and they have been evident in Mr. Deukmejian's first five weeks in office.
The unstated theme of this understated volume is that Presidential elections can be a menace to national security.
A new method of detecting breast cancer has been devised by a scientist at Columbia University.
Rarely has the company been seen in such superb dancing condition.
He was 94 years old and lived in Manhattan.
''He was so generous and helpful.
Chances are the basement suite (which may be mostly above ground) is just a third apartment, described as guest space because zoning limits density to two apartments under each roof.
These photographs, shown at the Museum of Modern Art in 1978, are widely considered to be among the major accomplishments of 20th-century landscape photography.
Citing reductions in interest charges, greater efficiency and higher Canadian oil and natural gas prices, Dome reported net income of $7.2 million (Canadian currency), or 2 cents a share, compared with a loss of $21.6 million in the corresponding three months in 1982.
It was like that ad for 'The Elephant Man,' your head was so filled with dreams.
Thus, funds in a C.D.
Her mother, Margaret Larkin, is an associate with Newhall & Ogilvy Inc., a Greenwich real estate agency.
It has caused many fires over the years and always results in the charring of the wood in many places.
As a child, I developed a kind of guilt complex about being a Terrell.''
Kuwait assailed the American attack as ''flagrant aggression;'' Saudi Arabia said it was ''deeply concerned.''
''Our clients perform their own audits, which are more thorough than the Feds','' said Dr. Gary M. Benke, director of toxicology at Bio-Dynamics Inc. of East Millstone, N.J., the third largest contract laboratory.
Mr. Watt said the city's proposal to use the tract for parks and recreation has ''considerable merit.''
Various strokes and styles are being executed with different degrees of ability, agility and personality.
Because the mother-in-law is pursuing a career of her own, her home, too, may have ceased to be shiny - unless, of course, her middle-aged husband has become ''liberated'' enough to pitch in.
She is survived by three daughters, Marian Williams of Syracuse, Clarice R. Burg of New Haven and Eunice Kaymen of Branford, Conn.; two brothers, the Rev.
David Thorpe Three officers said they were arresting a robber at 44th Street and Eighth Avenue at 10:40 P.M. on July 19 when David Thorpe placed himself between the suspect and the officers, shouted obscenities and ''attempted to obtain assistance from others who had gathered to prevent the arrest.''
Administration officials said the recent plan by three Central American Governments - Costa Rica, Honduras and El Salvador - to discuss ways of bringing peace to the region without inviting the United States to participate was a ''welcome'' step that did not upset the Administration.
New York's is considered the toughest proposal thus far because it extends standard manufacturers' warranties, usually 12 months or 12,000 miles, to two years or 18,000 miles, whichever comes first.
''In the past you could think of people in pursuit of a common style, but (among my contemporaries) there isn't even a shared view of life,'' says Mr. Wilson, who also serves as literary editor of The Spectator.
''As a result the water level in the central Pacific did not pile up as usual and became comparatively low.''
In the Inflationary Universe, however, the period of anomalously rapid expansion could have taken an initial patch of space so tiny as to be homogeneous - much smaller than the nucleus of an atom - and stretched it into what would become the entire observable universe, maintaining homogeneity all the while.
''Even if most companies were not on their face, the Government has no dollars to sell them anyway'' to pay foreign debt, said one American banker, who asked not to be named.
I realize I'm not the wisest person in the world.''
''When, however, the university acts as a landlord, then this court must be more mindful of the rights of the student qua student.''
''I like law students, I like what I see in law schools these days, and it does me a lot of good.
Both homers came off Bob Stoddard, whose record fell to 2-4.
'Actual Malice' Necessary The Brill article also said that Geoffrey T. Mott, the 27-year-old jury foreman, had incorrectly insisted in the deliberations that Mr. Tavoulareas must win unless The Post proved the truth of what its article said about him.
The future bride is a physical therapist with the J. Robert Shaughnessy Rehabilitation Hospital in Salem, Mass.
Shadows have used the heavy-handed approach, such as the beatings that Montreal's John Ferguson once delivered to Rod Gilbert of the Rangers and Bryan Watson took to Chicago's Bobby Hull.
Walter Dallas directs a cast of eight, among them, Phylicia Ayers-Allen, Eugene Lee, Graham Brown and Robert Gossett.
Most are similar, however, in that they can be machine washed safely and cost less than genuine down.
Coach Don Shula of the Dolphins, meanwhile, has been to four other Super Bowls, but he cannot forget the first: in 1969 against the New York Jets.
Until now, the Reagan Administration has resisited European demands that it intervene regularly in foreign exchange markets to prevent sharp currency fluctuations.
In addition, all three men were ordered to surrender their passports to the District Attorney's office.
President Reagan today named a 20-member commission that he said would spend nearly three years analyzing organized crime and recommend judicial and legislative changes to help fight it.
The encounter between the Soviet submarine and the American frigate on Nov. 1 showed that Soviet submarines lowered their noise in the last five years, according to a senior United States naval official.
However, I was able to find the dream apartment that I was so earnestly searching for.
As Adolph Zukor, the founder of Paramount Pictures, once said: ''If we knew in advance when we made any picture how it was going to be taken by the public, we'd have to hire a hall to hold the money.''
Behind his house is a woodsy area.
or apprehensive about their own safety join in a unified government unable to control the militias who feel free to kill ethnic rivals?
HOUSING and auto sales, for example, although strong, are probably not as vigorous as they would be in the face of lower rates.
Except for being black and having the bad arm and his uncanny accuracy of shots, he would be the average player on a quiet weekday afternoon.
Miss Farrell's second-act mother-to-be Gooch is, if anything, funnier than the shy creature who haunted the first act.
It is a question, the Fed chairman says, that he discusses only with his wife.
It's too soon to change course now; after July may be politically too late.
New Jersey officials are debating whether to impose a ''family responsibility'' requirement, and similar proposals have been introduced in the legislatures of Idaho, Wisconsin, Delaware and Georgia.
David Garcia, the church's pastor.
The Canadian protest expressed Ottawa's underlying fears about the project, which are shared by many environmentalists in the United States.
Wagner's use of the orchestra as a collective unconscious for his characters on stage, as a clearing house for their personalities and their motives, was a powerful dramatic idea - and an idea that motivated some of opera's most awesome and impressive structures.
Broad Backing Expected Several panel members expect broad backing for the single-warhead missile.
Black unemployment is high, aggravated by the fact that most do not speak Spanish in a city becoming increasingly Hispanic.
The 17 company-owned stores in New York City are being taken over by the Riese Brothers organization.
In September, however, the Government opened a tirade in the press against business corruption in general.
I'll try to handle it the best way I can.''
Surviving are his wife, the former Marcia Sacks; two sons, Arthur, of Boston, and Paul, of Manhattan, and a brother, Dr. Lester R. Aronson, of Hillsdale, N.J.
''How do you qualify a scientist's time?''
The phenomenon may be part of a natural long-term shifting of beaches.
The matches, being played at the Great Eastern Hotel, will continue until one player scores 6 1/2 points.
Until such time, the Eagles can enjoy playing the role of the ''other team'' and observe the scrutiny success brings.
Virgil Thomson, on the other hand, once dismissed a Sibelius symphony as ''provincial beyond all description.''
''There is something about coffee and eggs at an early hour that causes people to be contentious,'' one department official said today.
I believe in Adam Smith - I even have an Adam Smith necktie in my closet - but to have two million homeless in the United States while we applaud the stable, even falling, Christmastime prices, is outrageous and has to stop.
football which, says Pete Rozelle, is a ''sport slash business.''
Nor do people seem to pick on someone like Earl Weaver, who is shorter than both Howard and Martin.
Mrs. Wallace could not attend.
Wagner 56, Fordham 7 - Tim Kelley threw three touchdown passes, one of 40 yards to Ed Garcia and two for 26 and 15 to John Von Ahnen, who caught six passes over all for 144 yards.
Mrs. Conway said the Smith community was ''strongly committed'' to freedom of speech and was confident that principle could be ''upheld at any internal college event.''
None of the five sites with operating nuclear power plants in New York and New Jersey have federally approved emergency evacuation plans, according to the Federal Emergency Management Agency.
''The David work is a souvenir of the positive way he was seen then,'' Mr. Gordon said.
The Americans have also been insisting that Nigeria solicit assistance from the International Monetary Fund.
Ditto St. John the Divine.
''I felt I could perform in the position given a reasonable amount of time,'' he wrote.
A Communist Party official, Manfred Gorywoda, told a meeting of economic experts at Central Committee headquarters that panic hoarding had started in some provinces.
''The story had absolutely no foundation in fact,'' Mr. Shultz said.
Defense Secretary Michael Heseltine of Britain said today that leaders of Britain's antinuclear movement were ''full-time Socialists and Communists.''
''They worked long hours, but they were always friendly, waving and saying hello as they went by.''
The estranged wife of former Gov.
But the Knicks let that lead slip away, and the Warriors won, 102-100.
Labor strongly opposes the Likud policy of Jewish settlements in the West Bank and populated Arab areas.
The men in the soup line would have felt the same response to a photograph of a man wearing a mustache, a beard or a bowler in conformity to earlier convictions that mustache, beard or bowler was precisely the styling with which nature had always intended to finish the male head.
Mr. Batashev has since left West Germany.
Season to taste with salt and pepper.
On Saturday in Los Angeles, the faded former champions will finally meet, about two and a half years too late to stir up much business at the Felt Forum, where the 10-round bout will be shown live on closed-circuit television.
Congressional and Administration attitudes toward public education are also improving.
ST. LOUIS (NL) - Optioned Andy Rincon, pitcher, to its Louisville farm club.
The geographical restrictions are a good reason for dealing with in-state businesses.
''We had a lot of chances to win this game before overtime,'' said Luther Bradley, the Blitz safety.
''I hope you pitch forever,'' somebody told him.
''I will miss the parade as a marcher,'' said a politician.
An advanced cruise missile more capable of evading radar, called the ''stealth'' has been developed faster than anticipated, according to Air Force officials.
Since the gross national product grew at an average rate of only 7.7 percent in that period, the local government share of the G.N.P.
''Too many people come to sit in offices and watch others do the work,'' one young miner complained, gesturing toward an official escorting visitors.
Entering the final turn, Dixon apparently had O'Mara boxed, but the Arkansas runner got out of it and took the lead on the outside.
He didn't want to do it, but finally he did, and the next week we were at a dance at Dartmouth, battling Tommy Dorsey.
At 10 A.M. Information: PL 3-2261.
The singers, though in general up to a good provincial standard, were simply upstaged.
- A prohibition on renegotiation fees paid ''up front'' to banks when loans are rescheduled.
These Westway supporters also repeated their contention that the cover-up, distortion of data and false testimony that were revealed during the Federal trials on Westway were nothing more than minor procedural errors.
''The reason the people of Alabama returned Governor Wallace to office is that they were satisfied with his previous administrations and the job he did for them,'' Mr. Camp said.
Michael Allen Hastings, 21 years old, was missing in the Beirut disaster, the visitors reported.
Eventually, as it does to many people, dissatisfaction set in with constant traveling between his Greenwich, Conn., home, his Fifth Avenue office and his White Plains client, and it was coupled with concern over what was happening to his family life.
He opened the second-period scoring with his second goal, increasing the Islander lead to 5-1.
Though the bodies of the explorers had been partly eaten by polar bears, they were identifiable.
They defeated Washington in the opening round by 3-1, and turned back the Rangers and Boston, each by 4-2.
If Miss Wu's emotional growth catches up with her scales and arpeggios, she may yet turn into an artist to be reckoned with.
Carl Corry, in an impressive debut, was the showoff bravura boy in blue.
Lewis Milestone directed; Al Jolson, Frank Morgan and Madge Evans were the leading players; and the screenplay was by S.N.
Covenant House was founded in 1968 by the Rev.
''I tried to call you,'' the President said.
The others are the Joffrey II Dancers and, in modern dance, the Alvin Ailey Repertory Dance Ensemble.
In the event of rain, the concerts will move to Real Art Ways headquarters, 40 State Street.
''If somebody wants to go into business all he has to do is get a business license, and meet minimal health, safety and welfare considerations to serve the public,'' Miss Lupro said.
had armed both patients and staff and posted them in the vicinity of the building to resist our forces.
''Kitty and the Bagman,'' which opens today at the 57th Street Playhouse, takes place during the Roaring Twenties and is set in an area that may not have been known to roar.
Two over-the-counter stocks he expects to be ''fast movers'' are Orbit Industries, maker of information display components and system for naval applications, and Infrared Industries, a maker of detectors and optical instruments.
As a popular Chinese proverb says, ''It takes more than one cold day for the river to freeze.''
operation, conducted through a phony consulting firm, Glenmar Associates, lasted from August 1981 through June 1982 and resulted in charges against Hitachi, the Mitsubishi Electric Corporation and 21 individuals.
They do not want to appear to be the obstacles to negotiations, and they are genuinely uncertain whether some elements in the Administration may be moving toward less rigid and doctrinaire positions.
KING'S INDIAN DEFENSE White Black Seirawan Scheeren 1 P-QB4 P-KN3 2 P-Q4 B-N2 3 N-QB3 N-KB3 4 P-K4 P-Q3 5 B-K2 0-0 6 B-N5 P-B4 7 P-Q5 P-KR3 8 B-K3 P-K3 9 Q-Q2 PxP 10 BPxP R-K1 11 P-B3 K-R2 12 P-KN4 P-KR4 13 P-KR4 PxP 14 P-R5 PxRP 15 B-KN5 Q-N3 16 BxN BxB 17 Q-B4 N-Q2 18 QxNP P-R5 19 0-0-0 R-R1 20 P-B4 Q-Q1 21 Q-N3 N-B1 22 N-B3 R-KN1 23 Q-R2 R-N5 24 P-B5 K-R1 25 N-QN5 RxP 26 B-Q3 R-QN5 27 NxQP BxPch 28 QxBch RxQ 29 NxPch K-N2 30 NxQ RxP 31 N-K6ch BxN 32 BPxB P-B5 33 B-N1 R-B7 34 NxP P-B6 35 KR-B1 RxR 36 RxR Resigns SCHEEREN/BLACK r bq n k pp p p b pP P P rp N N PP B Q KR R SEIRAWAN/WHITE 3/10/83 Position after 24 .
To unmold, run a knife around the rim of the flan, place a serving dish over it and flip it.
Martin does, too, although he ignored it somewhat in his first term as the Yankees' manager after the 1976 team stole 163 bases and won the Yankees' first pennant since 1964.
After the boy collapsed and died the doorman was booked on a homicide charge.
It's been that way now for more than six months.
The client's only other agency is Tatham-Laird & Kudner, which has been used for new products and, according to a company spokesman, is currently not working on anything.
The Advisory Council to the New York Statue of Liberty Centennial Commission, which informed Mr. Gury of his appointment, is at 17 Battery Place.
Still another provision establishes for the first time a quantitative link between a proposal and a company's business; this ''signicance'' standard will generally be 5 percent of revenues, assets or earnings.
When Congress was considering a bill to shore up the finances of the Social Security System last month, Mr. Dole, who is chairman of the Senate Finance Committee, offered an amendment to provide medical services for jobless workers.
He was sure to take two more tricks for a total of 11.
''The development community is sometimes more persistent in looking for loopholes than we are in anticipating them.''
Despite using the latest computer technology, the robot will cost less than human care for the handicapped, said its developer, Larry Leifer, an engineer at Stanford University.
KURT E. MULLER New York, July 8, 1983
But it doesn't frighten anybody either.
Yesterday Mr. Yampol announced that he was relinquishing the presidency in a move to expand management.
Both exports and imports were down, exports by 8.7 percent, to $138.85 billion, and imports by 7.9 percent, to $131.97 billion.
* Taylor Rental Corp., Springfield, Mass., has promoted Alan L. Monte to senior vice president of operations.
He declined to identify them.
Most of that growth came from fees generated by some of Lorimar's television properties, notably the syndication of ''Eight Is Enough,'' a popular network show during the 1970's that is now being sold widely to independent television stations.
Guide to Accommodations Resort Rooms Luxury condominums can be rented a few minutes from the mountain.
To Change Rollers Lay the shade on the floor and unroll it.
He told reporters he had no problem with Frank Howard, the deposed interim manager, returning to coach for him because ''Frank is a stubborn man, he won't hide his opinion from you.
We likewise find that excessive.
While finding no evidence that any law had been broken, investigators said the sinking might have been averted if proper safety procedures had been followed and crewmen might have survived if they had had better safety gear.
He said it was buoyed by a strong economy, low unemployment and a ''good, solid tax base.''
Two Bills first-round draft choices, for example, Tom Cousineau , a linebacker, and Jim Kelly , a quarterback, have spurned Buffalo offers and signed with teams in other leagues.
''As 'La Cage aux Folles' shows, when you get a good one, you really get one,'' said James Nederlander, the chairman of the Nederlander Theatrical Corporation.
(Television - USA Cable, 8 P.M. Radio - WGBB, 1240; WNYE-FM, 91.5; 7:55 P.M.) Other College Games: Boston College at Seton Hall, 8 P.M. (Television - MSG Cable, 11 P.M., tape); Delaware State at Brooklyn, 8 P.M.; Siena at Fairleigh Dickinson, 8 P.M.; Army at Fairfield, 8 P.M.; Maryland at Wake Forest (Television - ESPN, 7 P.M., live, and midnight, tape); Ohio State at Wisconsin (Television - ESPN, 9 P.M., tape, and 3:30 A.M. Thursday, tape).
None of the bunks that fold down from the overhead racks in the back of the plane have been used on this trip, although veteran officials like to describe the time when a prominent member of Congress fell out of his bunk on the way to the bathroom and then mistakenly climbed into an occupied bunk on his return to the cabin.
With the infield in, Pedro Guerrero grounded to Ramirez, who flipped to Hubbard for the force at second.
Through the Congressman's efforts, they had been able to obtain a small piece of the $4.6 billion allocated earlier in the year by Congress for recession relief measures.
Silver jumped late in the session with much of the buying coming from traders who were offsetting short positions before the threeday weekend, said Jack Boyd, vice president for commodity research in New York with Drexel Burnham Lambert.
Republic, which has headquarters in Minneapolis, is the country's fifth-largest airline in terms of passengers carried, a spokesman said.
Mr. Harding said, however, that he would remain ''vocal'' and would not hesitate to criticize the party leadership.
Mexico and the High Commissioner for Refugees deny that the camps threaten Guatemala, saying the majority of the refugees are women and children, many of them ill, illiterate, terrified and not politically active.
Since Hammond was a free agent and Team America could not sign him to a contract, the players union signed him to a contract and then loaned him to Team America.
''It started to change in the late 60's,'' he said, and ''since then a lot of legislatures have been prodded into bringing up the bottom districts and placing aid restrictions on wealthier districts.''
While checking the paint, inspect the siding or shingles.
''Jeff is a diehard about baseball,'' he said.
What do you do when you're 21, all alone in Florence with a vocabulary that consists of ''spaghetti,'' ''mama mia'' and ''o sole mio,'' and you get yourself arrested?
1447 THE VALLEY OF HORSES, by Jean M. Auel.
Georgia Strikes Quickly But suddenly, Georgia got moving in spectacular fashion and drove 66 yards in five plays to a touchdown that cut the margin to 20-10 at intermission.
He was referring to Anderson, and to his hopes that the defenders would be able to reach him.
Based on a script by Horton Foote, ''Tender Mercies'' tells the story of a divorced country and western singer tossed up on a tide of alcohol at an isolated gas station-motel in Texas, where he meets the young widow of a soldier killed in Vietnam and her son.
said the proposed Borden settlement is not ''necessarily the exclusive model for the relief to be granted in future predatory pricing cases'' and only represents ''an appropriate settlement'' of this case.
The peak incidence of onset is in the 30's in men, the 40's in women.''
The Mets were still very much alive with runners on second and third, but Brian Giles ended the surge by hitting into an inning-ending double play.
Presidents Nixon and Ford publicly condemned mandatory busing and directed the Justice Department to defeat it through the courts.
Fidel Castro threatens a nasty reprisal: regular jamming of American radio stations.
Oil output, the Pentagon agency said, is expanding only by 1 percent a year but the Soviet Union is expected to come near its targets through 1985.
Winfield followed that hit with a double, but Morris struck out Oscar Gamble and got Ken Griffey on a grounder to first.
Among the top 30 were seven ''60 Minutes'' telecasts, six episodes of ''Dallas'' and the movie ''Superman II.''
The Western speeches rang with words like horror, revulsion and criminal act.
''The networks began broadcasting in color to help develop that market, even though there weren't many color receivers.
Ticket sales for ''Carmen'' have increased more than twentyfold since the show opened to primarily positive reviews on Nov. 17.
The popularity of those readings, he said, is directly related to poetry's ''more Whitmanesque ambition.''
On tonight's premiere, Bill learns that a close friend, who had been working for ''60 Minutes,'' has died suddenly.
The judge said she gave great weight to Chief Healey's contention that the reorganization was prompted by concerns about his lack of control over volunteers, their physical fitness and the city's potential liability for volunteers injured in the line of duty.
For the more they try to solidify the American military position in the area, the more of an issue the American presence becomes in local politics.
1 THE VALLEY OF HORSES, by Jean M. Auel.
Many people here, even some supporters of Mr. Marcos, believe that people in the Government plotted the death of Mr. Aquino, the opposition leader.
But some analysts say they believe that the difficulties lie much deeper and that things will change only as the broader society evolves and its political institutions adjust.
Mrs. Morris had successfully preserved the sense of the 18th century by concealing telephones in antique boxes and modern appliances and gadgets behind false book fronts and in closets.
They said the main purpose was to provide the Administration with an up-to-date reading of the thinking in Syria, Lebanon and Israel.
They now have two daughters and two sons.
While a majority of working-class Danes continue to follow the traditional path to wedlock, the divorce rate has doubled in recent years, and the former partners are more likely to enter into a form of cohabitation than to remarry immediately, according to Government research.
His father and I never picked up sticks and called them laser guns.
It gave no specific figures, but said the price received was about the same as is carried on the books and will not affect second-quarter earnings.
Carol Bellamy, the President of the City Council, and Anthony B. Gliedman, the city's Commissioner of Housing Preservation and Development, said at a news conference at the Tudor City complex, 42d Street between First and Second Avenues, that they would file suit Tuesday.
The Phillies remained tied for first with the Pittsburgh Pirates in the National League East, two and a half games ahead of the Expos.
Tickets are $5, available at the box office, 74A East Fourth Street.
Career total of 369 home runs.
General Dynamics climbed 2 7/8, to 48 1/4, after the Air Force selected the company to develop and build a new air-launched cruise missile.
There are even a few offspring of Secretariat, with their huge red hindquarters filling the walkways of Barns 5 and 6.
An electoral college of 80 Orthodox rabbis and of 70 laymen chose Rabbi Avraham Shapira, 65 years old, as Chief Rabbi representing the Ashkenazim, who follow the tradition of the central European Jews.
The Soviet grandmaster Vasily Smyslov, 62, was to have meet the Hungarian Zoltan Ribli, 31, in Abu Dhabi, the capital of the United Arab Emirates.
But beyond the unexpected shattering of the oil economy and Midland's good-ol'-boy penchant for writing a loan on faith, a handshake and an oil lease, there were possibly darker problems as well.
During this period of turmoil, U.S. objectives should be to promote solutions which minimize the implications for U.S. security, and which also come to grips with the basic ills resulting from political repression and social injustice.
He also collects modern art and was one of the four donors who raised $1 million in 1980 so that the Whitney Museum of American Art - of which he is a trustee - could purchase Jasper Johns's ''Three Flags.''
Among the parades in the metropolitan area were those in Manhattan; the Little Neck-Douglaston area of Queens; the Bronx; Calverton, L.I., and Croton-on-Hudson in Westchester.
Ideal du Gazeau, a 9-year-old bay who trains on Normandy beaches and is harness racing's leading money winner, with $2,730,113, has the opportunity to be the first to win the International three consecutive years.
Their earnings fell by nearly 18 percent, one analyst says, and this year should be only slightly better, with pure casualty concerns showing a drop of 14 percent.
Rodino (D) Y N 11.
In a recent issue of the journal Science, he and Dr. Michael Hunkapiller of the California Institute of Technology, reported the sequence of chemical subunits in a portion of the human plateletderived growth factor.
All of his learning has been done in full public view.
Lopes's time was 27 minutes 23.44 seconds, about one second off the world record.
Arrange a variety of fresh fruits on top, such as strawberries, raspberries, blueberries, bananas, cantaloupe, black and green grapes, kiwi slices.
THERE was a strong sense of time - past, present and future - in the New York City Ballet's performance Sunday night at the New York State Theater.
There are limits to all software, of course, and the current version of TK!
The program follows up to make sure both parties are happy.
Moscow's prior demand for some kind of ''equality'' with Britain and France has been its most effective - and misleading - argument.
Got into 136 games as either starter or pinch-hitter.
The show's continuing appeal to club members, Mr. Columbe said, is that ''The Honeymooners'' was ''honest.''
Poland's Western creditor nations, including the United States, have already begun discussions on rescheduling Poland's debts.
'Garden Variety' Fraud Cases The defendants asked the Federal District Court in Chicago to dismiss the lawsuit on the ground that Congress did not intend the anti-racketeering law to cover ''garden variety'' cases of business fraud that would ordinarily be handled in the state courts.
Lajos Miller stands out as the Christian Phanuel, especially in his piano singing.
''The ice caps are melting!
Braniff filed for bankruptcy in May 1982, citing nearly $500 million in debt.
The casino hotel, Harrah's Marina, paid each $10,000.
Skill a Factor in Easy Victory When the Precision touring team recently played against Tasmania, Sebesfi's skill in dummy play - and, presumably, his rabbit - helped his team to win comfortably in a match of prepared deals.
But the Prime Minister quickly backpedaled, saying that he planned no sudden rise in military spending.
James D. Harmon Jr., the prosecutor, said, ''It may be necessary to analyze further the effect of De Falco's plea on what happens next in the case.''
*3*** COMPANY REPORTS ** View Full Article in Timesmachine »
We're not just being victims and living with it.''
Still, it is hard to argue that other countries are taking ''unfair'' advantage.
One unmatched taste treat that the Asheville cognoscenti appreciate is the hot-fudge milk shake at the Biltmore Dairy, best taken beneath its yellow and white tent, just down the street from the entrance to Biltmore House.
Some governments or authorities with a cluster of bonds maturing in just a few years might try to reduce the burden of repayment by refunding some of those bonds with new securities that will mature over a longer period of time.
Definition of a Refugee The current standard for assessing requests, formally adopted by Congress in 1980, was based on a definition developed by the United Nations.
Greece Of all southern Europe's new Socialist leaders, Andreas Papandreou appears to be the least firmly committed to austerity.
An average 2,600 North Americans have annually emigrated through the center since it began in 1965.
Instead, he had only one thought: to protect Richard Todd, the quarterback, whose pulled groin muscle might not keep him from starting but could limit his mobility.
But the company lost money in 1982 and has disclosed plans to close 175 unprofitable stores in the first half of this year.
The performance, conducted by Alan Barker, was a lusty one.
Mr. Lundgaard is a strong, 56-year-old Norwegian hired by the Canadian Government to supervise the building of the camp because of his 40 years of Arctic experience.
Resistance Promised Among the leaders of antinuclear groups criticizing the missiles' arrival today was the Rev.
But Alice T. McGillion, the deputy police commissioner for public information, said ballistics tests had established that the same gun - a high-velocity weapon, possibly an M-16 - had been used in yesterday's shooting and the shooting at the hospital.
LAST April, when Delo Caspary, a Texas investor, began a proxy fight to win control of the Louisiana Land and Exploration Company, the company's stock traded on the New York Stock Exchange at $29.50.
In the resulting upheaval, Nigeria unloaded its perceived political liabilities on poor neighbors, where jobs were even scarcer.
But the union and the company disagreed on whether the injunction required Dannon to take back some of the workers who had been dismissed or suspended.
The missing client, an 18-year-old woman changed with pretty theft, finally answered.
There is a feeling at the Fed that interest rates are now low enough to assure the recovery promised for this year.
But state health officials said it was difficult to identify a bad clam by sight, and therefore they advised people not to eat any raw clams or oysters.
''I didn't realize what an unbelievable record she had,'' Miss Navratilova said today.
The talks were abandoned by Mr. Mubarak after the Israeli invasion of Lebanon last June.
Despite the unmarked waistlines, bloused bodices and hip sashes, Gerard Pipart, the Ricci designer, insisted that he did not design a 1920's collection.
Charges are higher for work on curved objects such as rings and bowls.
Nancy O'Connor, another lawyer for Baylor, observed that the safety of the doctors themselves could be considered and there could conceivably be ''judicial notice of the fact that Saudi patients might not want a Jewish doctor'' treating them.
With a crisp new layout, the paper's circulation has begun to climb after a decline over the last few years.
Simultaneously, the court is formally requesting the Legislature to change laws affecting jury service.
Heavy Flow of Housing Issues Edward T. Swanton, vice president and underwriting manager of Merrill Lynch's tax-exempt bond department, said the flow of housing issues scheduled to be offered this month was estimated at $2.5 billion.
'I Was Done' Seaver said he tired at that point and asked to be replaced.
He also said that Europeans used the cultural styles they brought with them to justify their power over indigenous populations, and to suppress native cultures.
''Nothing changes,'' said Tom Mullady, the tight end.
''Has the provisional government or any of its workers,'' Mr. Lumumba asked, ''been involved in any kind of underground armed assaults on the United States Government or any of its local or state subdivisions?''
''I'd buy it for four times that amount,'' he said.
Long neglected by Spain and left largely illiterate, it lost a fourth of its population in its war of liberation.
''I don't know, but we have.''
Mr. Floyd is one of seven partners in the Essex, Conn., firm of Moore Grover Harper, an architectural practice that designs many residences each year, and, as a result, a good many swimming pools.
Americans were magnetized by Giverny.
Radomski carried for touchdowns in the third and fourth quarters.
''Now, I can go all out, and not have to worry about tiring,'' he said.
Presented by the Ensemble Studio Theater, Curt Dempster, artistic director; David S. Rosenak, managing director.
Saturday night, the soprano Leona Mitchell and the baritone David Holloway joined the cast of the Metropolitan Opera's production of Puccini's ''Madama Butterfly,'' under the direction of Eugene Kohn.
When he played the four followed by the six, Bergen knew what to do.
''Let them spend their money not just to meet others but to contribute to a worthwhile charity as well.''
Unitary Tax The Court's decision to hear the West Virginia unitary tax case (Armco Inc. v. Hardesty, No.
It was challenged by people who had various reasons for wanting to visit Cuba.
The prizes are awarded each spring by Columbia University on the recommendation of the Pulitzer Prize board, which chooses among work nominated by the 55 jurors.
Profusely illustrated storybook based on the latest ''Star Wars'' film.
According to Merle Richman, a public relations director for Pan Am, ''That's when most passengers want to go.
But with birdies today on the fourth and fifth holes, Miss Rizzo pulled even.
They have flung poems into graves.
Within hours of Justice White's ruling, many contingency plans were scrapped by major football powers that had been ready to implement their own television packages for 1983.
Richard Yates's solidly constructed first novel depicts a disintegrating marriage with skill and sensitivity.
''It would be wrong to use those numbers,'' he said.
Here are several recipes designed to expand the horizons for cranberry cookery.
France has acted to head off possible attacks on its leaders by Middle Eastern terrorists.
The average salary would be well above $300,000.
Giorgio Chinaglia, said yesterday that he was close to a deal to purchase the Lazio soccer club of Rome, for whom he spent seven seasons as a popular forward before joining the Cosmos in 1975.
At the time of the gathering, November 1957, houses and interiors of this sort were generally regarded as overdecorated monstrosities, and their destruction was accelerating.
Many of them had come from parties celebrating the New Year - some were still in suits.
He graduated from St. Mary's School in Milford, Mass., and magna cum laude from Georgetown, where he also completed premedical studies.
That same year, the Sewalls, one of the largest and most prosperous of the shipbuilding families, donated their mansion to house the growing collection.
Markets Stock prices dropped sharply as investors cashed in some of their recent profits.
Last week's vote was widely viewed as a warning that Mr. Reagan might be losing his touch with Congress.
As has been often noted, the New Deal did not solve the problem of unemployment.
But because he seems to have lost his perspective and gone on far too long about people and events that don't in his treatment seem to deserve the attention, the reader - this reader, anyway - ultimately loses his capacity for outrage.
Mr. Scannell will serve as acting president until a successor is named by the board of the M.T.A.
North Sails calls itself the largest sail-making company in the world and the leading designer and maker of high-performance sails.
Last year, we spent $130 million in research and development, and we would hope to maintain that level under any circumstances.
Both the music director and the orchestra whose preceptor he has been since 1978 have been inconsistent for several years.
Frank E. Taplin, president of the Met board, called the contract ''a wonderful tribute to the spirit on both sides.''
to increase its share of the domestic auto market from 1.5 percent in 1982 to 2.6 percent last month.
His rise at Lehman has been steady - he became chairman of Lehman's operating committee in 1976, chief operating officer in 1980, president in 1981 and co-chief executive officer just two months ago.
It was Defense Secretary Cap Weinberger's people, his auditors and inspectors, who ordered the audit in the first place, conducted the investigations and formed a special unit to prosecute defense-related fraud.''
Todd said he had not specifically asked Walton to stay.
It was once considered unladylike to sweat.
It will pay moving expenses, temporary living expenses and closing costs.
While the Administration has hinted broadly that President Reagan might veto such costly legislation, Congressional supporters believe that a recent report by a bipartisan coalition of 50 leaders in government, business, labor, foundations, education and science may help persuade the White House that a strong Federal commitment to education is essential to strengthening the nation's economy.
Willie Fisher of Manhattan says he was framed, and if he can find a court to listen, he has a powerful case.
There was a flow of communication between players, teachers, and myself.
The end of July marks a watershed in the city's food peddling, an industry that now embraces such divergent mobile fare as shish kebab, burritos, soul food, tempura, pizza, croissants, bagels and bonbons, as well as the more conventional hot dogs, pretzels and canned sodas.
Until now, they have had to argue on difficult terrain - using, against people who have appropriated the word ''peace'' for their own, the accusation that the demonstrators were serving Soviet aims.
According to Cynthia Woodman Fougere, each year the supply dwindles.
''But I probably save 400 calories a day by not noshing.''
''John is able to coordinate the professional interests of the upstairs and the downstairs stock exchange mebers,'' said Donald B. Marron, chairman of Paine Webber Inc. and a former New York Stock Exchange board member.
Admission is $2; information: 860-6868.
She had seen the chairs in Plains before they were finished.
's with regard to so sensitive a subject as population control.
The Knick payroll was higher than the current cap this season.
Ryan also has pitched five no-hitters, the most ever, and he holds a number of other strikeout records in addition to winning 207 games for the Mets, California Angels and the Astros.
The tourist, Alain Jean-Jacques Dumont, died of his injuries Sept. 2.
My own schooling had far less scenic interest.
Both men are marked with the scars of chloracne, a skin condition resembling common acne but often far more severe and persistent.
ABC SPORTS will be covering the National Sports Festival this weekend and next from Colorado Springs.
Tickets for the ball cost $17 a person and include dinner and dancing.
That led to what sources said was a round of panic selling and prices fell 55 cents a bushel in 20 minutes.
Some of the areas in which they disagree were explored last week when Andrew P. O'Rourke, the Republican-Conservative incumbent, and Ogden R. Reid, the Democrat-Liberal, met in a 90-minute debate at The New York Times.
Other sources have put the number at 80 or 81.
The Price-Anderson Act was invoked after the accident at the Three Mile Island reactor near Harrisburg, Pa., in March 1979.
I also worte that the tournament in Stuttgart gave Mercedes automobiles to stars who played there.
Because of extensive damage to the railroad line, as well as to highways in the area, President Reagan, at the request of Gov.
Toyota officials also said an agreement is near.
Every day Israeli officers shuttle between the headquarters of the rival militias with lists of names of civilians kidnapped by both sides.
Oyster Bay, like Valley Stream North, scored all of its points in the final quarter.
The problem: No hospital would take his patients.
But it is an altogether fitting end to this curiously crabbed and obsessive adventure, in which Barry Unsworth once again, just as he did earlier in such accomplished novels as ''Mooncrankers Gift'' and ''The Idol Hunter,'' has exercised his strange fascination with Turkey and the Middle East during the early years of this century, and has thereby succeeded in fascinating his readers.
A good agent will strive to get you the lowest air fare to suit your needs and convenience.
Even taking that potential expenditure into account, the auditors estimated that the net saving could be $2.25 million.
''I appreciate that men's squash is better known in this country,'' Mrs. Greenberg said.
THE pink-lighted St. Regis Roof, no slouch when it comes to a 30's m ood, was the scene of a black-tie Champagne dinner dance for the r evival of George S. Kaufman and Moss Hart's ''You Can't Take It WithY ou.''
There is no present cure for Alzheimer's disease.
French jets were also in the air, locating artillery batteries threatening French positions.
In contrast to virtually all Debs's other biographers, who identify the Socialist Party's left wing with the revolutionary unionism of Big Bill Haywood and the Industrial Workers of the World, Mr. Salvatore shows that Debs not only dropped his own membership in the I.W.W.
His comment is true in other ways about California these days.
''And Andre Robertson is the shortstop of the future,'' he says.
He was critical of State Senator Ralph J. Marino, Republican of Muttontown, L.I., the head of the Senate Committee on Crime and Corrections, who commented on television that amnesty for the inmates had been rejected by prison officials.
Prices range from $8.95 for chicken Dijonaise to $12.95 for beef Wellington.
During the late 1960's and early 1970's, Long Beach became fixed in New Yorkers' minds as the dumping ground for mental patients, welfare cases and poor elderly people.
But she didn't belong here.
The documents discussed intelligence operations.
Compared with such moments, the main line of the story often seems mechanical, like a newsreel with bold titles to pick up the pace: ''Hope Springs Eternal''; ''Everybody Out!''
It is split into two $94,217 divisions, but there is no betting on either one.
Mrs. Gissony said that of the 150 unsolicited manuscripts she receives each month, she will usually buy two or three.
Ed Adrion led Pace (7-19 and 5-7) with 16 points and 18 rebounds.
''But the advertising is to create a long-term presence in the U.S. market, which we've never had,'' said Wesley C. Fredericks Jr., the 34-year-old sometime racing car driver and full-time lawyer at the Shearman & Sterling law firm, where he was the Lotus lawyer and guided it through unsuccessful distributorships and a marketing partnership with Rolls-Royce.
Col. Vladimir G. Titov, Gennadi M. Strekalov and Aleksandr A. Serebrov, failed to dock with the Salyut, which was then almost doubled in size by the addition of another giant craft, the Cosmos 1443.
Nonetheless, he added, ''we're not ruling out a one-shot, HBO-type project, if it were right.''
has been conducting an investigation into possible fraud for the last three months.
Burger King, 457 Fifth Ave., Brooklyn.
''We would like them to become accustomed to the idea that if they run a red light, they will get a ticket,'' said the lieutenant.
In Arizona, the Federal Government is expected to pay farmers $76 million for not planting on 303,700 acres.
A magnitude 5.7 earthquake, for example, occurred in 1975 in the northern part of the the state, at Oroville on an ancient fault zone in an area of low seismic activity where a major dam had been built.
'We're Not Going to Take Them' The balance is handled by the association's private trial lawyers who show up each day at the courthouse hoping for an assignment.
In contrast, a bank can make a loan of millions to a big corporation whose credit-worthiness is well known.
.RxP possible was that 48 P-N5?
Both the loans and the cash grants will be given only after applicants obtain a free home energy audit from their local gas or electric utility company, Mr. Jackson said.
Mr. McGuire, a 46-year-old lawyer, said at a noon news conference at City Hall that he would become chairman and chief executive officer of Pinkerton's Inc., the world's largest private security company with 29,000 uniformed employees.
But Rutledge appealed to the United States Court of Appeals for the Ninth Circuit, which ruled that racial discrimination was not a necessary element to bring the conspiracy within the law.
I have tried to make watercolors outdoors, working directly before this great display, but I find I do much better painting in my studio.
The suit also names the IDT Corporation, a Florida ship construction company, Frank Davis, its president and the former head of Frigitemp, and another IDT executive.
It had been agreed earlier that Syria and Saudi Arabia would send observers to the meeting.
Andrews puts the case for commitment, hope and change, accuses his antagonist of a disdain akin to spiritual death - and then goes off to what turns out to be his own, literal death in a train crash.
It may be that a future recognition of these and other more profound qualities in Cozzens will serve to revive and sustain his reputation long after the political quarrels that damaged it have been forgotten.
The guest of honor was missed.
''He'd just repaired his car, and he said, 'I can't shake your hand because my hands are dirty.'
Another bidder on the slot contract is Scientific Games, a subsidiary of Bally Manufacturing.
Both Sampson and Stipanovich are seniors and not easily intimidated.
The Moslem uprising, and another of longer standing led by Communists, has added to the political problems faced by President Ferdinand E. Marcos as a result of widespread opposition to his stern policies, reinforced by martial law from 1972 to 1981.
In the last year Tiffany and Saks Fifth Avenue from New York, Gumps from San Francisco, Marshall Field's from Chicago and a dozen others have opened in the vast, five-level Galleria mall, which anchors the North Dallas area proudly called ''the Golden Corridor'' by business executives.
''You can't say it was just the forwards,'' said Arbour, whose team was without the injured Bryan Trottier for a second straight game.
But it is sending shock waves throughout an industry long accustomed to operating at 50 percent and higher markups.
Joseph-Nicholas-Pancrace Royer's ''Pi eces in G'' was less successful; Mr. Wolf's approach seemed unnecessarily rigid for this more subdued music.
So I hope my new film will also please that spectator with the roller skates.''
As recently as April 1982, Wall Street's consensus earnings forecast for Kodak in 1983 exceeded $10 a share, Eugene G. Glazer of Dean Witter Reynolds noted yesterday.
Pacific Southwest is based in California.
In 1940 he became executive secretary of the American Peace Mobilization, which was dedicated to keeping this country from entering the war against Germany.
Therefore he was disturbed when someone once attended a Cunningham performance listening to something else through earphones.
The fair committee that plans and directs the three-day event includes teen-agers, and the volunteers are largely the 4-H kids themselves.
LOS ANGELES (AP) - Phil Berg, a pioneering talent agent who handled such clients as Clark Gable, Judy Garland and Joan Crawford, died Tuesday.
''I'm not worried about the mercury, but I would worry about it less if they stopped writing about it.''
Thus, he contrasts his desire for a 5.5 percent increase in military spending to Mr. Mondale's 4 percent.
It was also only the third time that Mr. Cuomo has accepted a speaking appearance outside New York State since President Reagan's views were a key topic at the National Education Association's convention in Philadelphia.
Luke Appling (4) and Nellie Fox (2) are the others to be so honored.
Under the Federal Court order, once the jails reach a population of 10,600, Commissioner Ward must release without bail those inmates who have been in jail the longest without being able to raise the money to pay the lowest bail.
For personal reasons, a year was skipped; this year, it was held in Miss Licht's apartment a few days before her marriage to Jerry Della Femina, the advertising executive.
He acknowledged that Mr. Wick had said in the past that he would resign if he caused embarrassment to the Administration or the President.
The schemes were said to have been carried out between 1976 and 1980 and to have involved partly occupied apartment buildings, often in deteriorating or lower-income areas.
The match lasted 1 hour 22 minutes, only 1 minute longer than the first set between Wilander and Higueras.
Added Mr. Dunlop: ''It is a mistake to see this period as a long-term trend.''
Senator Gormley contends that the Federal legislation establishing the Pinelands Reserve called for the formation of a commission that would act only as a planning body, not an administrative one.
Though the screenplay was written by Mr. Wenders and Robert Kramer (''Ice,'' ''Guns''), both of whom are men whose work I've admired in the past, much of the dialogue sounds to have been improvised.
When Herbert Silkowitz and Jack Herschkowitz first played in the faculty-student basketball game at Junior High School 104 in Manhattan, they were 22 years old and their opponents were 14.
Under Two Flags Professionally, Sharon Percy Rockefeller is vice chairman of the Corporation for Public Broadcasting.
To be sure, the image of paradise in some writers -Herman Melville is one example - was tempered by concurrent images of darkness, by an awareness of deceit and cruelty in primitive South Sea societies.
For such sauces you should have a stainless-steel or copper saucepan.
Spending for instruction, according to N.C.E.S., consumed 53.5 percent of school budgets in 1960 and 55.5 percent in 1980.
Kelso and Forego, the 13-year-old gelding who dominated racing in the 1970's as Kelso did in the 1960's, will return to Belmont Park next Saturday to turn a rich afternoon of racing into a spectacular one.
Poland's three-year recovery plan not only has little prospect of easing the nation's severe economic crisis, experts here believe, but will in all likelihood make things even worse.
Begun in 1972, the Theater Hall of Fame recognizes individuals not just for a work during a particular season, but for ''a body of work that encompasses a life in the theater.''
Often such tampering results in the permanent loss of information at tremendous cost and inconvenience to the users of the system.
Dr. Paul's intuition about the trade winds is soon confirmed by measurement.
In cooperation with the Federal Bureau of Investigtion, a ''trap and trace'' system was put on the Fed's telephone line and a dummy program, tied to the ''PAZ'' access code, was prepared so that no more actual money supply data could be obtained illegally.
Terence J. Rowland served as best man.
Start by running long pieces across the shortest dimension of the patio, spacing them 24 inches apart and holding them in position with temporary braces tacked across the top.
''If you're ever in a hotel and there's no ice in the machine, that's because we're in the hotel and all the ice is in Evelyn's bathtub.''
The Challenger, which landed here Saturday, is scheduled to be ferried back to the Kennedy Space Center in Florida on Thursday.
We have to do something about human suffering.''
There already is a waiting list for the boxes.
Do you know that of 788 district leaders there aren't over 10 blacks and Hispanics?
None of the corporations did business with Prudential-Bache, Joseph A. Valiquette, a bureau spokesman, said.
The cup season ends March 21 in Furano, Japan.
Then, when things quiet down, maybe late in April, there is a book to be written.
They have a large inventory of view cameras, lenses for view cameras, large tripods for use with view cameras, commercial strobe units, panormanic cameras, underwater cameras, Hasselblads and other equipment that will appeal to professionals.
NOTE TO MAKEUP: PLS DO NOT CUT LAST GRAF.
He had 28 winners and committed only 9 errors against Mayer, who looked uninspired and spent most of the match shaking his head in frustration.
The United Food & Commercial Workers voted against lower wages and, tommorrow, Armour will open its doors under new mangement, and with nonunion labor.
He ordered immediate reinstatement with back pay for Lieutenant Clanagan, who was suspended last May after criminal theft charges were filed against him and his wife.
Tennessee 45, The Citadel 6 MEMPHIS, Tenn. (AP) - Fuad Reveiz kicked four field goals and three extra points as Tennessee (2-2) built a 29-0 halftime lead with 306 total yards to 57 for The Citadel (1-3).
*3*** COMPANY REPORTS ** View Full Article in Timesmachine »
Later in London, the dollar was quoted at 231.23 yen.
The co-op board adopted a resolution that washing machines may not be replaced.
Alaska's four time zones have been reduced to two.
He's particularly good with his throwaway lines, including dialogue overheard in a singles bar.
The ''status quo'' was defined by those polled as ''freedom of speech,'' ''comfortable living environment,'' ''freedom of choice'' and ''economic freedom'' - all characteristics the majority said would be jeopardized by a Communist government in Hong Kong.
Philip Johnson says of his new apartment in the Museum Tower above the Museum of Modern Art: ''The more furniture I put in it, the larger the space becomes.
The index climbed to 148 in May from 129 in April.
Eventually Mrs. Ebihara began to think that she might like to exhibit them in New York, not as the craft that they represent but as an art form.
He was a St. Bernard.
''I've seen young people with a great deal of potential,'' he said, ''but to say I've seen an Olympic prospect would be stretching it a bit.''
One of this year's most exciting performances is that of last year's Oscar winner, Meryl Streep, in the title role of Mike Nichols's ''Silkwood.''
All registered voters are eligible to vote in the special election.
Doug Sisk gave up the final run in the inning.
Lacking flair, this staging falls into an obvious rut.
In Chicago, negotiations resumed a day after breaking off when a union vice president accused school board negotiators of lacking the authority to make new offers.
I read that a pharmaceutical firm in West Germany .
An affiliate of the labor group, the American Institute for Free Labor Development, has been involved in El Salvador for years, especially in efforts among peasants to reorganize the land system.
The Browns moved their practices this week to Anaheim Stadium, 30 miles south of the Los Angeles Memorial Coliseum, where they'll play the Raiders.
The fact that she picks up characters at the point where they're left off by most novelists is what makes her stories ''bulletins from the front,'' as Margaret Atwood has described them.
The exhibition and its tour were organized by the International Exhibitions Foundation of Washington, D.C.
Marilyn Chris brings an undefinable, manyshaded quality of real, rather than stage, life to the assertive yet ambivalent parent, and Alexandra Gersten is completely winning as the wacky and vulnerable uninvited female guest.
You'll be intrigued to learn that an entirely forgettable Er has made a name for himself, even if you don't remember at first what it is.
Of course, part of this reaction is Bernice Kert's doing.
Unfortunately, unpublished questions cannot be published individually.
In addition, Mr. Campbell said, the company fears an environmental incident because of the age of the system and the threat of pipe ruptures.
Mrs. Burford said last week that she had never wanted to withhold the documents in the first place, and that the President's orders to her were based on bad advice from the Justice Department.
''Comfort my people,'' read the stole about Mr. Turner's neck.
Miss Fonda, speaking in a telephone interview, was responding to a news report that the Reagan Administration had been upset by the publicity she received at the launching of the Challenger mission that carried the first American woman into space, Dr. Sally K. Ride.
Early on, we find Jane Doe being wheeled down a hospital corridor by a nurse who, for no very convincing reason, suddenly leaves her patient and walks into another room.
In London, gold fell to $398 a troy ounce, down 30 cents from Thursday.
Of the couples sterilized for noncontraceptive reasons, 41 percent, totaling more than 1 million, wanted to have babies, the report said.
The self-torment, suffering and flashes of exuberant bliss were genuine enough; what fueled them, however, was not thwarted love but a host of unresolved conflicts over sex and marriage, in which ''the beloved'' figured about as realistically as Dante's Beatrice.
And, he has said, ''it can get pretty tiresome.''
Budget Debate: The Senate gets its first go at the budget resolution today, a debate that is likely to last most of the week.
Analysts attribute the lower earnings projections to weak domestic sales of Sensormatic's devices, which was caused in turn by the preoccupation of retailers with preparing for a very strong Christmas selling season.
Almost everyone interviewed shunned cooking with wine.
One actually recommended a diet that included 12 slices of bread a day.
Conservatives are angered, to say the least, that Mr. Reagan chose Mr. McFarlane over United Nations delegate Jeane J. Kirkpatrick for the security post.
In recent years, law firms had been losing work to the expanding in-house departments, but new data indicate the expansion has stopped.
Men supported Democrats more narrowly, by 53 to 44 percent.
On the last tee, Tom Watson knew he needed a birdie to tie.
They seem to object to the struggle of the Jews of Arab countries who want to achieve true equality in Israel.
Weaver had strolled into the ring last December and would later admit, ''My mind must have been elsewhere.''
Such pedagogic determinism, of course, raises the inevitable question: What happens to the benighted student who doesn't ''automatically'' accept these Marxist truths?
Commission Gets Requests They asked the commission for permission to withdraw the delegate selection plans that committed them to dates set by national party rules, Feb. 27 for the Iowa precinct caucus elections and March 6 for the New Hampshire primary.
Two weeks ago he popped up again on a basketball court.
If that happens, he said, the ''Reagan Administration fiscal revolution and permanent economic recovery will be lost.''
''Instead of being behind us, last year's tax cut is still to come,'' he said.
The chief Democratic tax writer in the House of Representatives, Dan Rostenkowski, proposed today that Congress reduce future budget deficits by the repeal or delay of various tax cuts for business and individuals now scheduled to take effect after 1983.
Based on the production for ''Der Ring des Nibelungen'' of Herbert von Karajan for the Easter Festivals in Salzburg.
THE din of activity at Santa Fe's 80-year-old white terra cotta headquarters building announces loudly that change is under way.
Paul takes a room in a small hotel overlooking the harbor and proceeds to abandon himself to the moment.
Miss Yu played all the notes, but she does not yet have the technique to produce the dazzling yet seemingly offhand performance this music needs.
QUEBEC (NHL) - Signed Dave Pichette, defenseman, to two-year contract, with an option year.
They have a daughter, Nicole, now 8.
The longstanding notion that addictions are incurable and can be controlled only by abstinence is now being challenged by the success of therapies that go far beyond abstinence to help addicts cope with life without falling back on their compulsions.
''On a comparative basis, the third quarter was the worst of the year,'' said James J. McDermott Jr., director of research at Keefe, Bruyette & Woods Inc. ''It was the period when the banks felt the full brunt of sluggish loan demand and narrow spreads.''
Would the orchestra and conductor find a common meeting ground, or would the concert end as some kind of standoff?
One From Long Island The board eventually received 70 applications and invited 18 candidates for interviews, 15 of whom showed up.
The bridge was so much more than a roadway; it was, by itself, the tallest and grandest manmade thing in the city.
* Champion International Corp.'s senior debt and revenue bonds were downgraded to A3 from A2 by Moody's Investor Service.
It's like prison guards and prisoners: They're all locked in together.''
''What can we think of a regime that so broadly trumpets its visions of peace and global disarmament and yet so callously and quickly commits a terrorist act to sacrifice the lives of innocent human beings?''
The count was at 20, and the vote machine was kept open while Senators and aides gathered first around Mr. Zane, and then around Mr. Orechio, as the price of Mr. Zane's vote became clear: He wanted to block the leghold measure once again.
''I'm not disappointed by any means,'' said Albeck, whose patience has been taxed on this six-game trip, which ends Tuesday night in Atlanta.
Asked about his plans to proceed in Middle East negotiations without the P.L.O., the President replied: ''This would require, of course, the agreement of the other Arab states.''
He has had a hand in creating the Federal Theater project, the Mercury Theater, the Mercury Theater on the Air, the Voice of America, the Professional Theater Group of U.C.L.A.
I also have a distant relative - does this sort of thing run in families?
On July 12, he will be 26 years old.
In the 1980 fiscal year, before Mr. Reagan took office, the budget of the Department of Education was $14.1 billion.
The aggregate losses reported by the city's state-chartered savings banks - those chartered by the Federal Goverment were not included in the statistics released yesterday by the Banking Department - shrank to $94.1 million in the first quarter of 1983.
The survey also asked food shoppers if they checked freshness dates on perishable products, and 76 percent said they always did.
*3*** COMPANY REPORTS ** View Full Article in Timesmachine »
The 605-foot vessel capsized and sank Feb. 12 in gale-whipped seas only a few hours after lending assistance to a foundering trawler.
Hubie Brooks hit a third-inning homer to cut the lead to 3-2.
Although he has been working in Greenpoint for four weeks, he is still living in the Harlem shelter because the city has not paid him yet.
This way, a player can sample a broad range of game cartridges for less expense than if they were bought brand new.
THE New York City Ballet unveiled fine performance after fine performance on Friday at the New York State Theater, in a program studded with role debuts.
One of the companies that participated in the survey is the Haarmann & Reimer Corporation, the country's third-largest manufacturer of flavors and fragrances.
The cleaning along the curb was resumed a few feet in front of the van, but Mr. DiMaggio was forced to turn back to the street's center by a Volkswagen and a Ford sedan parked midway between Second and Third Avenues.
For instance, she noted, ''some wonderful things are happening in Trenton'' with respect to public housing.
As it was, the opening-day volume found more bulls than bears.
For all its grand design in its ensemble passages, ''Serenade'' does have a neo-romantic episode at its core.
But starting in October, the Macy's New York division will be given its newest, and perhaps hottest test under fire with the opening of the first of a contemplated 10 stores equally dispersed through Florida and Texas.
By the time Stastny left 6 minutes 21 seconds into the middle period, the Nordiques had taken a 3-0 lead on his 35th and 36th goals of the season and Louis Sleigher's sixth.
An Emergency Medical Services spokesman said 15 people had been removed from the buildings.
The company, having covered most of the gateway cities of Europe, is moving into the secondary cities, Mr. Kapioltas said, such as Frankfurt, Munich and Essen in West Germany.
Bismarck Carballo said there had been ''no progress'' on their demands for ''freedom of expression for all media outlets,'' recognition of the church hierarchy ''as the legitimate voice of the faithful'' and draft exemption for conscientious objectors.
He succeeds George P. Kelly, who resigned last month.
Some of the best of such new-old trattorie are to be found in Venice and Milan.
He returned to the team in a limited role in the playoffs but has not played a full game since the opening game last season.
The work itself, for harp and tape, played by Allysa Hess, was surprisingly refined and intriguing, its strands repeated and dissected, accompanied by cascades, and knockings and pauses.
They actually sparred about 70 rounds for the cameras, and I understand that dad hit Ali so hard in the arms that he broke blood vessels, and Ali took off.''
Arts organizations, he says, can use the ''imprimatur'' of the Endowment to seek money from individual patrons, corporations and foundations.
Both purchases were paid with checks drawn on the account of James L. Jenkins.
It is quite dead,'' Miss Gordimer said, referring to its prospects in South Africa.
For all the romantic sentiment and lyric grace of his verse, Mr. Graves's work often displays a kind of willful arrogance.
Two key receptions by Lane's Williams brought the Blue Knights to the 8-yard line, only to be hit with a penalty and pushed back to the 19.
No Day for the Offense Sipe, meanwhile, started the last drive on his 35 with 84 seconds remaining.
For the moment, this is a family fight among the Democrats.
Salomon Brothers estimates for bellwether issues
''He has a tendency to accelerate once he gets inside a combination, and by the time he got to the third fence he was too close,'' said Dello Joio.
''There was paper all over the place.''
Six hundred and four conven-tions attracted some 679,000 delegates, the same as in 1981 and some 200 conventions and 350,000 delegates more than 1976, the year before the Renaissance Center was opened.
Hackers are famous for spending hours on end, by day and by night, with their computers.
The Mets ended one of their worst weeks in memory tonight with more misery, both on and off the field.
The exhibition, which runs through Nov. 30, 1984, contains more than 1,000 examples of Shaker culture, most of them from the State Museum's own collection, one of the largest and finest in existence.
Western journalists on the scene reported seeing several wounded people, apparently struck by flares or tear-gas grenades fired by the police.
It also suggested that Carroll Rosenbloom, the owner of the Los Angeles Rams, had been murdered.
The trouble is that his compulsive self-involvement seems narcissistic to a degree that gives a poignant, unintended extra meaning to his phrase ''the cult of the personal life.''
He has recently been engaged in Common Market discussions about survival plans for the steel industry.
Charley Hannah, the Tampa Bay Buccaneers' offensive tackle, was traded yesterday to the Los Angeles Raiders for Dave Browning, a defensive end, and the Raiders' fourth-round choice in next year's National Football League draft.
The most valued kinds of behavior seem to depend on a willingness to recognize the soul in ourselves and others - the danger of looking only at the lowest biological level is in losing sight of the essential humanity that, in Hofstadter's view, exists in the pattern and in the paradox.
Mr. Emery, who urged Governor Cuomo to name a special prosecutor to investigate police abuse, said that ''most people in the minority community consider it a fact of life.''
Fish Screen Considered After reporting back, the joint body would consider whether to build a $40 million fish screen between a canal and a reservoir in the North Dakota project.
''I know who I am.''
Mr. Gottlieb succeeds Seymour Turk, who was chief executive and chairman for the last four years.
He said that because the course was taught by a psychology professor, because it had not been accredited and because it only attracted 25 students last fall, each of which fell outside the boards's guidelines for approving courses, he had told the union's members there was ''no way'' the course would receive the requested funds.
The current system is really quite obvious and logical.
The most effective bomber for North Carolina State was Dereck Whittenburg, a 6-foot-1-inch senior guard who scored 27 points, hitting 10 of his 13 shots from the floor and seven of seven from the free-throw line.
We handle it very gingerly.''
Too bad the price tag said $29.50; Mr. Michelot is not going to want to sell his for anything less.
''At Quaker Ridge, Citibank took on the project, and they have been good about meeting the spirit as well as the letter of the program.''
The Economic Situation A policy of Keynesian pump-priming and deficit financing is credited with having insulated Austria from deep recessionary swings or unemployment; about 4.5 percent of the work force is jobless.
OAKLAND INVADERS Rich Dixon, LB, California (T); John Elway, QB, Stanford (T); Harvey Salem, T, California (T); Billy Ray Smith, LB, Arkansas (1); Glen Young, WR, Miss.
A tomato soup with sour cream and gin was a perfect balance of ingredients but would have been even better if it had been served hot instead of tepid.
This season, Farrar, Straus & Giroux is publishing collections by Bernard Malamud, Colette, Roald Dahl and Jamaica Kincaid, whose ''At the Bottom of the River'' is a first book that Mr. Straus says the house acquired after ''our executive editor, Pat Strachan, read her stories in The New Yorker and wrote to her to say, 'Have you got more?'
According to Suntory, Budweiser has become Japan's largest-selling imported beer, ahead of Heineken, in just two years.
His father is retired and was an owner and vice president of the Palmer Engine Company, a marine engine company in Greenwich.
's first administrator in the early 1970's.
PRINCETON The spry, sturdy man who calls ''Taxi?''
Some states allow utilities to charge the costs of such promotion to the monthly payments of individual users.
I shouted at the sea, on the beach.
Some street demonstrators ignored an evening curfew, and many more citizens cautiously leaned out of doors and windows to beat out a distress signal on pots and pans.
Union Carbide, the nation's second-largest chemical company after E.I.
Miss Brown, who is director of student activities at Manhattanville College in Purchase, N.Y., graduated in 1979 from Franklin and Marshall College and received a master's degree in education from the College of William and Mary.
''But I'm a religious believer,'' he adds.
But for all Arabs, the greatest blow to our credibility has been our performance on the issue of Israeli settlement-building in the occupied territories.
Few teachers understand their responsibility in the matter or treat the issue with appropriate seriousness.
The plot thickens with the appearance of a mysterious masked burglar.
Camping in Sweden is free anywhere.
The new distributors have combined annual revenues of about $4 million.
New Community hopes to attract doctors on the staff of the University of Medicine and Dentistry of New Jersey, a few blocks down West Market Street from the church, to open professional offices there to serve the medical needs of local residents.
It was vise-like when President Ford came in 1974, as it was five years later for President Carter, who had to confine his jogging to the American Embassy compound.
What terms, then, should Washington ask for calling off the rebels' ''secret'' war?
The company said yesterday that Milton J. Petrie, the 80-year-old founder, chairman and principal stockholder, would resume the job of chief executive immediately.
This and other Passover traditions are recounted in song and story on an album called ''Mostly Matzah'' (as the jacket spells it), designed to educate children about the holiday in an entertaining way.
''I'm not quite sure how the Government is going to weed out who is who,'' she said.
Accordingly, the foreign banking community has been watching attentively of late as 20 new Spanish patients have been wheeled into what has come to be known as Spain's ''hospital'' for sick banks.
Foreign Aid Bill Stalled Earlier in the year, President Reagan was threatening to veto any of the money bills he did not like, and the executive and legislative branches seemed headed for a collision.
We are plagued with banging noises in our water pipes every time we turn off any water faucet in our house.
For many long years in Paris I knew nothing of what had become of him except that he lived in the United States and owned an ultra-Orthodox hotel.
Foli again was the leadoff batter, and this time he singled on the second pitch.
''It just increases the breadth of the remedy, so that, for example, if there was a violation at Litton's Sioux Falls plant, the N.L.R.B.
Nearby, on Recto Avenue, dozens of soldiers carried M-16 automatic rifles.
Rounding out the program is a performance of ''Grand Pianola Music'' by the young California-based composer John Adams, one of the most gifted of a new generation of Minimalists.
Just how much money might be spent on the project was unclear, however.
The National Guard rode in three tanks, and the John F. Kennedy Democratic Club rode in a green convertible.
''Of course it was a shock,'' Mr. Kean said.
Many states are trying novel remedies of their own for the mounting unemployment problem.
asks Dr. Arnold R. Beisser, a clinical professor of psychiatry at U.C.L.A.
Koch to Speak at Ceremony The Governor said that he had appointments today and tomorrow in Buffalo that had been scheduled for some time and that he intended no slight to Brooklyn.
- and an answer: ''Which tea is best?
In southeastern Texas, where tornadoes beginning late last week left 1,000 families homeless and killed 11 people, about 5,000 people were evacuated along the San Jacinto River 35 miles northeast of Houston.
Until this year, many institutional investors and managers of large stock portfolios had shied away from the field because of its risks.
Read: if the mother does not object, for in fact legal precedent is interpreted to mean that if a father fights for his children, he is a contentious father, and if he is a contentious father, he does not deserve his children.
Mr. Mondale also criticized the security measures at the Marine Corps barracks in Beirut, destroyed Sunday by a terrorist who crashed a truck carrying a bomb into the structure, with a loss of more than 200 lives.
inquiries in the late 1970's.
State governments have followed the Federal lead, so that the financial landscape now includes Sonnie Mae, or the State of New York Mortgage Agency, and Nellie Mae, or the New England Education Loan Marketing Association.
They were huddled around a map of the Sir Francis Drake Channel - waters protected from the Atlantic to the north and from the Caribbean to the south by the American and British Virgins - St. John, St. Thomas, Jost Van Dyke, Tortola, Peter Island, Norman Island, Cooper Island, Salt Island and Virgin Gorda.
The rate currently averages $2 per $100 of insured value.
By concentrating space on such departments as electronics, housewares and gourmet food, Davison's has succeeded in attracting that segment of Atlanta's population that has experienced the greatest growth in the past decade.
The young man warming up Tom Seaver under the stands in Shea Stadium yesterday was one of the recent draft selections of the Montreal Expos: 21-year-old Jeff Wilpon of Palm Beach Junior College in Florida.
It is made by Mountain Laurel, which uses the same blue or yellow buttercup print by Liberty for other baby gifts, including poke bonnets ($30), ruffle-trimmed diaper covers ($26), espadrilles ($20) and hooded quilts ($200).
The observing method, known as long baseline interferometry, requires several stations to observe the target area simultaneously, using atomic clocks to keep a highly precise record of arrival times of the radio waves.
But if we've done our job, you will begin crying in the last scene of the first act and will not stop until the show's over.''
''It's necessary as far as a theology goes.''
Sidney Lovett of West Hartford, Conn., a minister of the United Church of Christ, performed the ceremony at the summer chapel on Chocorus Island, Squam Lake, Holderness.
I saw that to satisfy spectators coddled by TV, movies have to make as much noise as possible.
Asked if France, too, had been guilty of cultural imperialism, Mr. Lang replied: ''Certainly,'' and added that the Socialist Government was working to change French attitudes, especially toward black people.
Once the star of the show, McAdoo is now the Los Angeles Lakers' most important extra.
Mr. Crinkley recently insisted that there has been no change in his ideas about the direction of the company.
''I'm afraid some of them are going to have to die before we can get people's attention.''
In a letter to state judges, the Mayor said the city's jail population was over its court-ordered maximum and he called on the judges to sentence quickly prisoners who were convicted of felonies more then three weeks ago.
The Phillies cut into the lead in the bottom of the seventh when Rose doubled again and Wilson dropped Joe Morgan's line drive to center for a two-base error, scoring Rose with the 2,000th run of his career.
''You have to retire to something, in order not to flounder and possibily fall apart,'' she said.
According to Administration officials, these are the main points of the plan: - A cease-fire in place, with the Lebanese Army retaining control of the important mountain town of Suk al Gharb, which overlooks Beirut, and which has been under attack the past several days by Druse forces.
And if he fails to come through, the Democrats then hold the political high ground on the issue.
Predictions about America in the next decade based on an analysis of conditions today.
Yesterday he was doing fine outside.
The situation is even worse in Newark.
According to Jon Stone, executive producer, director and co-author of the special, ''Big Bird in China'' is an extension of the philosophy that called for ''Sesame Street'' to be more than a children's program - ''We set out to make a show that children and adults could watch together and children could ask questions.''
Mrs. Thomas said she realized that she had to continue the dinner program during the summer.
Mildred Reh, the somewhat bewildered manager of the Howard Miller Clock Company showroom in New York said: ''I heard a male voice inside my desk.
This index reflects prices on all major exchanges.
Released in Combustion Fires or explosions at plants that produce pesticides, herbicides and other products that involve dioxin, like the explosion at the Hoffmann-LaRoche plant in Seveso, Italy, on July 10, 1976, also can provide a path through which dioxin enters the environment.
Especially touching is a 1962 image titled ''North Carolina,'' which shows a girl in her Sunday-best dress kneeling next to a pulpit and singing (or shouting) her heart out into a microphone that is several feet over her head.
Goodman wanted no restrictions on the kind of work he could do.
Share earnings have been adjusted for a 3-for-2 stock split paid in June.
Vice President Bush has been strenuously arguing in Europe for the ideal of ''eliminating from the face of the earth an entire class of new deadly missiles.''
But for now the Japanese are not without problems.
It clears the cobwebs out of the brain, and I pride myself on my thinking game.''
''Besides,'' she said, ''he could have passed on any secrets he had to his Western contacts in Moscow many years ago.
Former Vice President Walter F. Mondale today won the endorsement of the National Organization for Women, the nation's largest feminist group.
in an enormous, humid room mirrored on three sides.
To Administration officials, the President's move was another signal of the increasing importance of Mr. Clark as an adviser.
Give the dough a quarter turn and roll it into a large rectangle about 26 by 16 inches.
The key to the analogy ''Square Deal'' makes with the avant-garde novels of this type lies in a program note Mr. Forsythe appended to the first ''G"ange'' ballet for Netherlands Dance Theater.
He graduated from Swarthmore College and received a master's degree in electrical engineering from the Worcester Polytechnic Institute.
Other villages lack these amenities - indeed, are dirt poor - but then, they are not the birthplace of a close relative of the President.
The commission warned that the rules might involve ''government reimbursement officials in bedside decision making.''
Corlu is 85 miles east of the Greek border.
What's more, the numbers in audio specifications are sometimes manipulated in such a way as to look impressive even in accurate measurements while having no discernible relation to the sound itself.
In some places, however, the police have retained the prints, arousing the ire of local offices of the American Civil Liberties Union.
The tests found fish with 110 parts per trillion of 2,3,7,8-tetrachlorodibenzo-p-dioxin.
A common feature in all the offerings is the backing of the bonds with a pool of G.N.M.A.
''It's the same tune, and more than that, the tune is the old tune,'' said a Democratic political consultant.
Studying all the while, he graduated in 1978 with a Ph.D. in aerospace engineering and a minor in laser physics from the Air Force Institute of Technology.
If they don't do their negotiating in the official meetings, the lawyers for the other creditors could go ahead and cut a deal with Manville behind their backs, and they'd be bound by whatever plan was agreed on.''
Women's apparel, sportswear and accessories occupy the first floor, while the basement is given over to men's and boys' wear, and also to some women's departments.
ABC, CBS and NBC were allowed to participate in program development for their own showing.
The new A.T.& T. cards may also be used to charge calls directly by inserting them into special ''Card Caller'' phones the company will be installing in public places, such as airports and hotel lobbies.
Mostly signed ''Kisses/T,'' they went to ''Darling Tiny,'' his aunt, Edna Marie Rudisill, in Charlotte, N.C. Now she is selling 12 of them.
Farmers 'Did Not Understand' At the subcommittee hearing today, cotton state representatives asserted that the Agriculture Department had not fully explained the new program to cotton farmers before asking them to sign up for it.
Can it be put down right on top of the tiles, and if so, what kind of carpet should we use?
The difference was that Mr. Maude based his calculations on growth since the beginning of the different base periods for each aggregate, showing the longer-term growth rate, while Mr. Lyski based his on a month-by-month growth rate.
It affords some compensation for hard times.
''If my family in China can hear my words, I hope they know that I still love them and miss them dearly,'' Miss Hu said.
But the Mayor insisted that he had not tired of his job.
Threat From New York Trading in equities, options and futures all takes place on the same floor, an effort to keep Toronto's competitive position as the pre-eminent exchange in Canada, and to fight off an ever-present threat from the markets in New York.
Mr. Udall, having resisted the itch to make another Presidential bid in 1984, has become something of a folk hero among liberal Democrats, and on Thursday night, some of the big mules of the party will roast and toast the Congressman at a $150-per-person event.
The warning, which came two weeks after the ruling National Securiy Council partly lifted a general ban on political activities, followed what appeared to be attempts by politicians to recreate the two main political parties.
Both Miss Houston and Mr. Levitt conceded that there has been some resistance to the show's content; aging isn't an easy subject to confront.
''All of us have been concerned about the effects of the drought,'' Mr. Reagan said.
Turnover on the Big Board expanded to 80.8 million shares, from 62.4 million shares on Tuesday, the largest turnover in almost two weeks.
Very often the defendants are citizens who complain about the acts of government officials.
It also resembles a kind of machine for maintaining meaning without ever fixing it.
Several delegates argued unsuccessfully that the cities needed to suggest restrictions themselves in the hope of maximizing their influence in any legislation Congress might enact.
''This could cause some carry-over selling at the opening on Tuesday, but we believe most of the pool will be covered overnight,'' Mr. Faber said.
And she wanted to prepare them.
Hebrew Singing and Dancing ''The evangelical leaders brought 300 or so of their followers who stayed in Jewish homes,'' Rabbi Haberman said in a telephone interview.
Many Cities Show Recovery But unemployment in the Dallas- Fort Worth area, whose economy is a diversified one based on banking, finance, electronics and military contracts, stands at 5.7 percent.
The first leg of the 24.3-mile course must always begin into the wind.
This year, he wrote, will mark the third consecutive decline in income per person among poor nations.
ATTILIO'S is a comfortable storefront Italian restaurant in West Hempstead.
Tax and spending policies that focused directly on inflation seemed likely to get the job done with little or no increase in economic distress.
That and five other taxation requests since a lawsuit was filed in 1972 to desegregate the schools were voted down along racial lines.
Poles in Gdansk defied authorities and held an illegal rally at the gates of the Lenin Shipyard.
Even though the level of M-1 for the Nov. 2 week was below the Fed's target, economists doubted that the economy was suffering from a shortage of money.
''Look at all the information that is available here,'' Mrs. Solomon added.
Like other universities, Georgia offers its students an opportunity to receive an education.
But he couldn't win with a bad team.
As the appointed hour neared, churches in New York City chimed their bells at their customary noon.
And State Assemblyman Patrick G. Halpin, the Democratic challenger, whose career has always been closely tied to the Island's more liberal Democrats, often sounds more like a conservative Republican on campaign issues.
Mr. Dingell has persistently criticized the C.F.T.C.
For those in pursuit of more immobile art, there are several exhibitions.
Gary M. Rosenberg, an attorney for the landlord, said the ruling would be appealed to the state's highest bench, the Court of Appeals.
''I was kind of indifferent to it,'' Mr. Spiegel admits.
He played against Villanova two nights after that but was not in his best form.
About 200 dealers will display everything from antique furniture to driedflower arrangements.
- Connecticut will be facing its first $4 billion state budget.
The per share earnings comparisons reflect the additional shares issued in connection with the acquisition of the Hunterdom County National Bank on Dec. 31, 1982, and the First National Bank of New Jersey, Totowa, on Sept. 6.
About fourteen days a year, maintenance workers say, the front entrance is closed altogether on account of the wind, and employees use a tunnel that connects the Secretariat Building and First Avenue.
There was no opposition among leaders to the industrial policy resolution, and the delegates were expected to endorse it.
You can do it on foot all in one day, hitting every important shop on every important street until, at day's end, with your feet expanding and contracting like the franc, you realize that shopping doesn't feel any different in French.
Dr. Edwards stresses, however, that there is such a thing as "positive" dropouts -- students who improve their skills and leave school to take jobs.
The nationwide index, based on a survey of 50 major institutions in the five largest markets, fell to 9.28 percent, from 9.33 percent last week.
There is so much quick switching of roles and of makeup that the actors' mustaches are occasionally askew.
The line for tickets goes all the way around the aisles in the store and out the door into the parking lot.''
The low-cost producer and high-tech innovator should have equal opportunities in the marketplace without intervention by either a government or a media determined to combine the competitive environment of a deregulated world with the service attitudes and behaviors of a regulated one.
Spanish is the national language, but about 20 Indian languages are spoken.
Otherwise, women may stay home on Election Day or be very selective in deciding where to direct our political energies.''
But that doesn't mean a return to the Jets' offense of several years ago, when a no-mistake offense was geared to picking up 4 or 5 passing yards a clip in order to keep the defense off the field.
On her desk, she prominently displays a book by Doris Lessing.
Mr. Ferrucci said that although it cost his company a considerable commission, he had turned the doctor down.
Four states with roughly the same deviation as New Jersey are Ohio, Nevada, Oklahoma and West Virginia.
The estimates of anti-Sandinist rebels in Nicaragua vary greatly.
But the stage has such a sleek black design that it barely matches the rest of the place.
I want to believe that the impact of the feminist movement on the family dynamic will result in a parental domestic democracy, supplanting the kingdom where Daddy once ruled.
The lunch was arranged by Donald Blinken, chairman of the State University's board of trustees and a Century Club member.
His new trio, with Charles Burnham on fiddle and Warren Benbow on drums, played a kind of electrified barn-dance music - toe-tapping tunes in which Mr. Ulmer strummed open fifths on his guitar as if it were a giant dulcimer.
Concern about unemployment obviously propels it now, but the sponsors want it to last well beyond the recession.
In Act II, the dancers, after gathering, staggering and looking sullen, scattered again and, eventually, engaged in indecisive combats.
The driver of the truck that exploded in an attack on the United States Embassy in Kuwait on Monday has reportedly been identified by Kuwaiti investigators as a pro-Iranian Moslem fundamentalist from Iraq.
''What can be said about Soviet credibility when they so flagrantly lie about such a heinous act?
People close to the guerrilla movement believe the tone of any future negotiations on El Salvador could be affected.
Mr. Wachter suggested that unions might be advised to recognize this problem and to reduce their wage demands in return for job security for more workers.
That is $1,652 less than their 1981 tax bill, which would have been $11,383 on the same income.
''Hard-cover publicity was dominated by book-and-author lunches, meetings with book reviewers, and maybe having Alexander King on the 'Tonight' or 'Today' show.''
A major pressure Elway is enduring as quarterback for the Denver Broncos, is that many people expect one player to turn a losing team into a winner.
It is run from Mr. Rockefeller's beloved farm at Petit Jean Mountain, which is now owned by his son, Winthrop Paul Rockefeller.
The police reported some violent incidents but no major disorder.
The newest tragedy is an epidemic of Acquired Immune Deficiency Syndrome, known as AIDS, which so far has killed about 38 percent, or 520 of the 1,366 people who are known to have contracted the disease, according to the national Centers for Disease Control in Atlanta.
In one sequence, the mother wears a nightie that seems to match the wallpaper.
West covered with the jack, a subtle error that proved fatal.
''It's happening all over,'' said James B. Benda, a lawyer for the Independent Bankers Assocation, a trade group in Washington that represents small banks.
The victories and reverses will not seriously affect Mrs. Gandhi's domination of Parliament's 542 lower- house seats, where she maintains a two-thirds majority.
''Inevitably such a war will extend to all-out war.''
He rose to head the company's operations in West Africa before succeeding Edward J. Barber Jr., the grandson of the line's founder, as president.
The event is sponsored by the Arts Festival Committee and the Friends of Thompkins Square Library.
She made Wimbledon look easy yesterday.
He was on the American track team at the Stockholm Olympics in 1912 and at one time held the world record for the 1,000-yard run.
The Mets had tied the game in the eighth after Mookie Wilson reached first base on an error by Johnny Ray, the second baseman.
The winner will face Los Angeles in the second round.
My son has chosen the acceptance of responsibility for the privilege of living in this country.''
After four hours of deliberation the jury of six men and six women retired for the night without reaching a verdict.
''We have not decided what we're going to do about the book, and we haven't thought about financial responsibility, we've been so busy concentrating on dealing with the immediate threat of a lawsuit,'' Gerald Hollingsworth, vice president and general counsel for Random House, said yesterday.
In London, the pound was stable against the rising dollar and gained against other currencies on fears that Iran might blockade the Persian Gulf, thereby increasing the value of Britain's North Sea oil reserves.
But the speakers at the conference were virtually unanimous in their praise for the games.
Mrs. Mair, who has in recent days been working in her United Nations office in New York, repeatedly declined to return phone calls.
During the Pope's visit, the authorities appeared to be particularly upset by a special gathering held for youth during his visit to the Jasna Gora Monastery.
The premiums, half the usual levels, would allow Nigeria to maintain its basic price of $30 without forcing the rest of OPEC into a $6 or $7 price cut.
''I'm sure they were uncomfortable,'' said Billy Cunningham, the 76er coach.
Perception is sequential, in other words, though sometimes it is hard to say which of the two operations comes first.
''It's as if you lent your son some money for three years expecting to buy a house with it when he paid you back and he suddenly tells you he won't be able to pay you for 10 years,'' said Peter Leslie, senior general manager at Barclays Bank International.
Robin Reseen has done the staging and choreography under the overall direction of William Michael Maher.
The irregular heart beat was discovered Tuesday night during a game in which Cummings wore a monitoring device.
Richard Todd gave me support, and instead of guessing what to do, I began to react.''
Instead, it is being restored and rennovated, by the architect Peter van Dyck and the acoustician Christopher Jaffe.
If its experiment is successful, Borden may market Gelare nationally.
The size of these clams is not specified by law, but littlenecks are the smallest, cherrystones are of medium size and chowder clams are the largest.
In most cases they are confused by the talk of sugar in wine and in the wine-making process.
Robert Seguso of Fort Lauderdale, Fla., scored an upset for the second straight day when he beat Tim Gullikson, seeded 11th, in the third round of the New South Wales Open tennis tournament today.
Pouring out with the champagne would come a season's worth of explanations, interpretations and self-doubts.
An owner could ask for a statement from both the subtenant and the prime tenant, she suggested, affirming that no illegal money or overcharges have been asked or paid.
Currently, however, the stock is selling at virtually the same level as its highest price last year.
's relieved of duties in Salvador after copter incident 3 Lyons awaiting Klaus Barbie, city's former Gestapo chief 3 Paraguay says U.S. gave it intel- ligence data on dissident 4 Around the World 5 U.N. official protests reported at- tacks on Guatemalan refugfees 6 Famine again perils parts of the sub-Saharan region 6 Spanish Socialists face battle with rightists on abortion 10 Thais let Cambodians refugees flee further from border 11 Economy, not arms, may sway West German voters 13 Bush favors continued talks even after NATO deploys missiles 14 Woman says Soviet chess offi- cials deprived her of victory 16 Seven Palestinians killed in in- timidation efforts in Sidon 19 Government/Politics Kennedy vows strong role in aid- ing Democrats in 1984 elections 28 Republicans gear up for '84 with House video tapes 29 City report urges preservation of Staten Island greenbelt 34 Energy Rising prices for natural gas hit Californians 27 General Around the Nation 22 The steel town of Aliquippa, Pa., is heavy with despair 22 Eight relatives charged in kid- napping of rich widow 24 Man who says he has married 105 women on trial for fraud 25 Groucho Marx's companion and bank battle over estate 26 Two justices defend judicial con- duct of Friess 33 Health/Science N.Y.U.
Policy Toward Haitians This spring the United States Court of Appeals for the 11th Circuit, at Atlanta, upheld the district court and went further, holding that the Haitians were correct in their contention that detention had been used in a discriminatory fashion.
Bob says no player ever made any remarks to him about why I was going to law school or working instead of being with him.
When the hockey center asked an Islander secretary to write a letter for him, discouraging the woman, this Oceanside fan wrote back immediately: ''Who wrote that for you?''
When CBS later said it stood behind the program, and that the Benjamin report supported that decision, General Westmoreland sued for $120 million and demanded that he be given a copy of the report.
It is all in Spanish but graphic enough for a passer-by to grasp.
Screenings are at the Eighth Street Playhouse, 52 West Eighth Street.
''They saw something in the X-ray of the knee,'' he said, ''but even if it was anything, it was in a part of the knee that shouldn't have bothered her.
He took pains before the Federal pieces to point out that he was offering them merely for their ''historical interest,'' not out of great conviction.
Officials of the stock exchange are aware that complaints could be loud if they fail to make the U.S.M.
Hoechst's response was to offer Goodman nearly $70 million, probably the largest single grant ever made in biology.
A Place Unlike West Hartford Across town, the Cunningham sisters, Rhonda and Tricia, were at the restaurant called by its address, 103 Second Avenue.
The idea is to raise living standards by increasing production of food, steel, iron ore, rubber and other items that can be used domestically or exported for needed foreign exchange.
Strangelove or How I Learned to Stop Worrying and Love the Bomb,'' followed by ''Fail-Safe,'' about accidental nuclear war in 1964, Hollywood has essentially used nuclear weapons as the background for thrillers, including the two 1983 James Bond movies.
Most technical terms do not seep into general usage until their meaning has become so diffuse as to be senseless.
Free Flight, which features Jim Walker on flutes, Mike Garson on keyboards, Jim Lacefield on bass and Ralph Humphrey on percussion, is in fact nothing more or less than a highly polished and rather traditional jazz ensemble, and the fact that its members have chosen to build their virtuosic improvisations around the melodies of Khachaturian, Rodrigo and Prokofiev, instead of Gershwin, Ellington and Rodgers, in no way negates this stature.
The biggest Italian lambrusco producer, Riunite, ships 11 million cases a year to this country alone.
Private farm analysts, however, said that higher American grain prices resulting from the drought were already making it more difficult for grain traders to meet foreign competition and increase the volume of American exports.
Joseph J. Cicala, a consultant for Caparra Homes Development Company, the nonprofit group, said the $2 million project awaits only approval of a $300,000 Urban Development Action Grant to help buyers make down payments, as well as some indication from the City Council on taxes.
''I just want to steer clear of both sides,'' Mr. McGrath said.
In other words, the Administration provoked the confrontation by turning down a much better deal, from its own standpoint, than the one it was ultimately forced to accept Wednesday.
This is art in which the juice runs hot and thick, and it comes with a catalogue in which Mr. Langlykke gives his views not only about the individual painters but about many a more general aspect of the current art scene.
Six shots behind and displeased with his score of 76 in the third round, Miller started with four birdies and set an Open single-round record of 63 to win by 1 shot.
''It was a shock - seeing the needs of the people.''
'Satisfactory' Outcome Commenting on the settlement, John D. Uible, chairman of Florida National, called the outcome ''satisfactory'' and said the company could now ''devote itself to the demands and opportunities of banking in the state of Florida.''
For example, in the unit on economic interdependence that would focus on Africa, students would examine world business in Africa, resources needed for world trade and the effect of the continent's oil wealth on world politics.
The utility has appealed the fine.
But rather than give Conrail a chance to stand on its own by trimming uneconomic lines and eliminating union featherbedding, Congress poured in $3 billion in subsidies.
The scene is from his most famous work, ''A Streetcar Named Desire,'' but even the weakest of Tennessee Williams's plays contained such moments, moments that hushed the audience to pin-drop concentration.
Other recent books that in the opinion of the Book Review staff are of particular literary, topical or scholarly interest: THE AFRICANS, by David Lamb.
Players Association permits a maximum fine of $1,000 a day for failure to report.
I'm not afraid that this is the end, though.
In recent years, when he was not playing with the Basie band, he used his trumpet in a tribute to Louis Armstrong.
President Ferdinand E. Marcos issued a secret decree in 1981 calling for the death penalty for publishers who take part in ''sustained propaganda assaults'' on the Government, it was learned today.
The cost of inattention to world trade became particularly noticeable during the recession, when basic industries such as copper, automobiles and steel laid off tens of thousands of workers.
Cinelli bicycles are designed primarily for racing or long trips.
That is a secret Defense Department mission that was postponed to give engineers time to solve problems with a rocket stage intended to boost a military satellite to a higher altitude after release from the shuttle cargo bay.
He was an assistant to Defense Secretary Donald Rumsfeld in 1976-77 and later served in the Agency for International Development on Congressional Relations.
Dave Boisture recalled being in the third or fourth grade when his father became the head coach at Holy Cross in 1967, the year the Crusaders upset Yale in the first game of the season.
In addition to the 44 yachts competing for the Cup, another 188 also were taking part, chasing as many as 29 minor trophies.
Many believe that unless opportunities are given to El Salvador's poor, the leftist opposition will be strenthened and their own ambitions threatened.
''Get me a drink, too,'' another said.
Business Digest, Page Page 27
A case in point is the debate over a bill now on Governor Cuomo's desk that would raise the size of bass fishermen could legally catch.
W. Michael Blumenthal, chairman and chief executive officer of Burroughs, which is based in Detroit, said that ''while economic activity in the United States is gaining momentum, progress in the rest of the world is mixed.''
They are the last indigenous caribou remaining in the contiguous United States.
The big crisis occurs when place cards have to be rearranged.
Both Mr. Brown and Mr. Winter are ineligible to succeed themselves.
ST. LOUIS (NFC) - Signed Bob Harris, s afety from Auburn, and Aaron Williams, w ide receiver from Washington, both d raft choices, and Ken Blair, wide re- c eiver and free agent.
It read, ''Against Terrorism, Against E.T.A., For Freedom, For Peace, For Spain and Its Constitution.''
Now there is evidence to support this suggestion.
The lightsabers, the Yoda dolls, the promotional glasses at Burger King -none of it might have happened.
When the committee reconvened at 2:30 P.M., Senator Metzenbaum read Senator Baker's floor statement last week to the effect that he would support a bipartisan budget.
The first would modify the Supreme Court's landmark Illinois Brick decision so that some indirect victims of price-fixing, such as state governments, could sue for damages.
- The 12th annual WBAI Holiday Craft Fair, which will include several New Jersey artists.
Editing for errors is also important.
Swedish ivy is their lettuce, so we gave them a plant of their own.''
World Bank's Aid Sought To this end, Sudene has sponsored the construction of thousands of conservation devices ranging from large man-made lakes to household drainpipes.
And the league doesn't intend to take any further investigative action into the matter.''
I would not like a Soviet version of the same weapon installed in Cuba.
All donations will be used to help the county's terminally ill children.
IN TESTING for dioxin contamination at 12 priority sites in New Jersey, a new device that can measure minute amounts of the toxic chemical in 20 minutes, instead of days or weeks, is being used.
The bride is a granddaughter of the late James J. Lyons, who was Bronx Borough President.
''The level of intensty and play are about the same,'' he said.
The editor in chief of Time was invited to help entertain guests at Newsweek's 50th anniversary party.
''It was a year like no other,'' Mr. Duboeuf went on.
He was 65 years old and lived in Cedar Grove, N.J. Mr. Needham, who represented the fourth generation of his family to serve in the Salvation Army, held the title of commissioner.
He expressed alarm, however, about the crush that might ensue if the toll-free phone service were publicized.
The center is a member of Second Harvest, a network of 40 food banks.
Chris Koyanagi of the National Mental Health Association, a private nonprofit group, said it was ''a cruel hoax'' to pretend that the announced changes would protect people already on the disability rolls or seeking benefits.
The nine were charged with conspiring to interfere with the federally-protected civil rights of Communist Workers Party demonstrators to participate in a parade authorized by the city of Greensboro on Nov. 3, 1979.
Tickets are $8 ($7 for students and over-65's).
And to reveal deafness is to admit decrepitude.
Mr. Hernandez, in testimony to a Congressional committee March 16, said he had given Dow a copy of the report and had told agency officials to consider the company's comments.
The sheep lived for 297 days, a world record with an artificial heart.
''The Good Soldier,'' often regarded as his best work, reflects Ford's ambivalent fascination with the phenomenon of the English gentleman.
They say the volume of urban caseloads would defeat such a system.
The assignment to Benton & Bowles, which brings with it some $10 million in billings, is for Pyrex Ware and Corning Ware in the ovenware classification and Corelle and Cornerstone in the dinnerware area.
''The books have come to represent a filtered-down feminism.
For example, there are a few retarded people who are able to live in apartments and go to work with only a once- or twice-weekly visit from a social worker, so that the major cost is the apartment and the state's portion is only about $3,500 a year, with other public funds coming from Supplemental Security Income.
He was wearing a brace and taking things easy until today, when he returns to Albany, where he uses a wooden board to sit on.
James McConkey is aware that any moment of pure and authentic feeling is an opportunity, provided it's held in custody a while for questioning.
The school had been opposed by virtually every major medical group in the country, by top civilian health and budget officials in the executive branch and by a few influential senators, all of whom complained about cost and some of whom worried about unnecessary competition with civilian medical schools.
Regardless, some senior aides who know Mr. Clark well say that he keeps so much to himself that they are unsure what he thinks about many things.
Popular ones include the all-scarlet Red Lady; Apple Blossom, white veined in deep pink; Striped Beauty, red with a broad white stripe on each petal; Orange Star, a fiery orange; the vermilion Fire Dance and frosty White Dazzler.
Unlike the acrimony surrounding the discussions that led to the 1981 pricing accord, the deal seemed relatively smooth.
As the Druse pressed their attacks on the Lebanese Army garrison at Suk al Gharb, a military source said the army had succeeded in rotating the troops defending the area during the night.
There have been proposals to build a bridge that would link Long Island directly to Westchester or Connecticut.
In addition to analyzing the motives of the parent-abductor and the plight of the custodial parent, Miss Abrahms offers suggestions to help ease the problems of the victims of divorce, the children.
The judge refused, saying doctors saw no reason why he should not be in custody.
6 BILL BAKER: 6-1, 195, age 26, 4 goals, 14 assists.
Common Sense Owners Upset The owners of Common Sense, Joseph Taibbi and Larry Palumbo, also agreed to withdraw their horse but later said they regretted the decision and the pressure put upon them by the track.
If demand doesn't pick up by summer OPEC could be headed for ... another crisis.''
He won 10 collegate events, the Florida State Open, three Florida state junior titles and one United States junior championship.
general counsel, ''even informally,'' while he is still under investigation on conflict of interest charges.
Item: Larry Brown, a Harvard health specialist, told the same panel of the findings of doctors at Boston City Hospital.
Confidentiality and Convenience The agencies - legitimate businesses that offer confidentiality and convenience to thousands of customers who do not want mail delivered to their homes or offices - have become one of Manhattan's newest storefront businesses.
That made him two for two, since it evoked the same response in New Jersey.
Eventually, it addresses itself to a single question.
An unknown gunman entered the West Beirut home of a prominent Druse, Sheik Halim Takieddin, head of the Supreme Druse Religious Court, and murdered him.
One of his interceptions resulted in a gamebreaking, 35-yard final touchdown run in the fourth quarter.
Once, in a Florida restaurant, former Senator George A. Smathers approached Mr. Griscom and said, ''Son, there's no disputing who your father was.''
Japan has said that the review will be concluded by the end of March.
In tune with his own apparent pleasure at his words were the accompanying chuckles from the audience.
He is a master at lightening the mood with a self-deprecating story.
Sister Eugenio sweetly announces, ''We exercise a lot here, in body, mind and spirit.''
Repeatedly one recalled the Bach stagings of the American modern-dance pioneer Doris Humphrey.
Severiano Ballesteros, Johnny Miller and Tom Kite made the cut with no strokes to spare.
The confusion is compounded by the fact that there are many more Caucasians than Orientals on the dining room staff and that the menu begins with a slightly pretentious wine list that has prices by the glass and by the taste - a glass of Chateau d'Yquem is $26.
After the President submits his budget to the new Congress, a long dispute seems a certainty.
Some older examples: Otto Graham, football and basketball; George Halas, football and baseball; Paddy Driscoll, football and baseball, and Cal Hubbard, football and baseball, the only person elected to both the football and baseball Halls of Fame.
After deducting the standard commission, usually about 40 percent, the store will forward the order to the address listed in the catalogue along with a check for the wholesale cost.
So I had a problem combining his personality with mine.
It said an unspecified number of Iranian soldiers were killed or captured.
Given the fact that men are usually stronger and more powerful than women, some lawyers contend, it is also unfair for state laws to limit a battered woman's response by requiring that force be met with equal force.
Sitting in White Plains, Judge Carsons acted at the request of Mr. Snyder, who argued that the constitutional rights of Jack Colbert, a principal of both concerns who was to have been the main company witness, would have been violated if he had been made to testify.
As President Gemayel said to President Reagan in a letter dated Jan. 7: Lebanon's hope for the withdrawal of all foreign forces ''now hangs almost exclusively on the commitment of President Reagan to save the valiant Lebanese democracy.''
But for the moment, theirs has been a lost vision.
Critics may carp, but ''Nightwood,'' translated into many languages, continues to be read over the world by readers who appreciate its strange and Gothic poetry.
One of the joys of the season is freshly harvested bay scallops.
FOR those fascinated with technology, the neutron bomb is one of the minor wonders of the age, like the grand plans for space-based antimissile systems and other futuristic hardware lucidly described by Thomas Karas in ''The New High Ground.''
Mr. Ward and his neighbors consider the payment-in-kind plan only a temporary relief from price-depressing surpluses.
Paintings and models on loan from the Submarine Force Library in Groton complete the exhibition, making it one of the most comprehensive of its kind ever assembled.
Orders Inquiry Into Seminaries In addition to repeating these themes to the bishops visiting him here, the Pope has recently approved other actions that many American Catholics regard as corrective and possibly punitive.
Her round of four-under-par 69 gave her a 72-hole total of 288 on the 6,182-yard Royal Kaanapali North Course.
He has spoken briefly within the last few months on his group's radio station, and he is believed to have visited Bangkok for treatment of malaria and kidney disease.
After a day of extremely quiet trading, with little investor demand for recently auctioned Treasury securities, prices of Treasury issues increased modestly in the last two hours of trading yesterday.
Taxes, which in any event must be raised to reduce the fiscal deficit in the ''outer years,'' must be increased still further.
No technique is free of botched administration.
Decision on the permit takes into account the disputed water permits, all consultant reports and the final environmental impact statement, which the Army Corps took five years to complete.
Some classes have to be held in rented rooms.
with the term ''United States officials.''
Representative James R. Jones, chairman of the House Budget Committee, said: ''It's going to be very tough to keep the budget process alive and the discipline in place.
But the coloration of that voice is properly dark and manly, and Mr. Roloff has the stamina, the musicality and the command of language and phrasing to make a distinguished practitioner of the part.
For example, a high-risk school would have a pediatric nurse practitioner for every 1,000 pupils, compared with one for every 4,000 pupils in a lower-risk district.
We do away with it at our peril.
Anyone who thinks that is a novel complaint is invited to compare it with the following sentiments we happened on the other day.
Light, small and totally assured in her balances, she is an excellent partner for him.
A central part of the complaint against Professor Dube was that he used his classroom to disperse PLO propaganda rather than a merely biased viewpoint based on his personal experience and convictions.
The sheriff said investigators did not think ''foul play'' was involved.
The combination of Spanish song with the severity of a modernist temperament was piquant.
Had Signed to Fight Page Holmes had signed an agreement to meet Page in a bout promoted by King, but he said today that he would not fight for King, of whom he has been sharply critical recently.
A missed extra-point attempt ended the longest current winning streak in the state and Cherokee's bid for the Group 4 championship game as Brick prevailed, 7-6, in Marlton.
Peppers, With Seafood and Rice 6 medium-sized green peppers 4 tablespoons olive oil 1 cup chopped onion 2 cloves garlic, minced 2 tablespoons chopped black Italian or Greek olives 1 tablespoon drained capers 2 teaspoons mashed anchovies or anchovy paste 2 cups cooked rice 2 tablespoons minced parsley 1 tablespoon minced fresh basil 1/2 teaspoon oregano 1/2 cup cooked seafood or fish, chopped 2 tablespoons wine vinegar 1/2 cup grated Swiss cheese Freshly ground black pepper and salt, if necessary.
Mr. Rudin said that his group had made no detailed proposal, preferring to let city officials study the idea, but that generally speaking the plan would create special zoning districts on selected side streets for service-related businesses like dry cleaners and shoe-repair stores.
* Biostim Inc., Princeton, N.J., said that it had received a qualified opinion from its independent auditors on its financial statement for the fiscal year ended June 30, and that the qualified opinion issued by Touche Ross & Co. relates to its accounts receivable.
He said that in the negotiations on strategic arms reduction now taking place, the MX would be considered along with other arms, and ''if we are able to reach a result, which I hope very much that we are, there will be a package of things that will be worked out between the parties and that always is the way it is in any complicated bargain.''
About 20 people were arrested.
But his own specialty has been a Civil War far from his native northern California.
Given those circumstances, Herzeg said he was prepared to give Biles at least one more draft before he considered making a coaching change, assuming, of course, that the Oilers won a few games between now and then.
The Willcoxes and their trainer, Ben Perkins Jr., split up last June, after Pax In Bello had run fifth and second in two maiden races at Monmouth.
MICHIGAN PANTHERS Anthony Carter, WR, Michigan (T); Paul Girgash, LB, Michigan (T); Dave Greenwood, DB, Wisconsin (1); Wayne Radloff, C, Georgia (2); Robert Thompson, DB, Michigan (T).
This was just a warmup for the raining that took place through the afternoon.
Its failure followed four months of intensive efforts to keep the company out of bankruptcy, and further complicated efforts to salvage the savings of thousands of Americans who bought policies from Baldwin-United subsidiaries.
In reply, Ahmed Abdul Rahman, a spokesman for Mr. Arafat, told reporters: ''Yasir Arafat does not take orders from Syria or from its agents.''
For an organization that ''does not exist'' and a ''private citizen'' who no longer leads it, Lech Walesa and the Solidarity union captured a considerable share of the Polish Governmment's attention last week.
She's just plain gifted, that's all.
Officials of the Teaneck Redevelopment Agency realized that this was an opportunity to ease some of the pressure on the town's taxpayers.
All this activity is tied to the rise of the public syndication business - the sale to the general public, at relatively low-unit costs, of limited-partner interests in real estate investments of various sorts.
His playing contract with the Cosmos is only for five months and it is worth approximately $250,000.
With about four minutes remaining, North Rockaland took possession at midfield.
Warning of a response by the Soviet bloc, including East Germany, he said, ''The U.S.S.R., the G.D.R.
A formal decision on the details of a pullback could come at a special Cabinet session that officials said would be held Wednesday morning before the arrival here of Secretary of State George P. Shultz.
Both houses of Congress today quickly adopted legislation needed to finance some Federal Government operations when they open for business Monday morning.
But at 6-3 and 180 pounds, he may have been too thin for most teams.
'Beastly Practices' Zbigniew Bujak, the Warsaw underground leader, circulated a clandestine statement, reaching Western journalists today, in which he denounced the ''beastly practices'' of the riot police and called for public condemnation of ''violent measures against unarmed citizens.''
We suggest a review process that would include the athlete's coach, adviser, academicians and legal counsel.
That way, I don't have to worry about how he will react to something I ask of him.''
The average married retiree receives back his or her total contributions to the Social Security system in less than two and a half years.
''Good draw,'' Miss Mandlikova said, moments after her name had been drawn at the Garden's Hall of Fame Club.
During the decade, he created some 80 ballets, about 60 of which were premiered in Basel.
The other two were higher up.''
But if they don't, I think we'd have to take a look at the whole thing again.
Indoor Soccer: Arrows vs. Los Angeles Lazers, at Inglewood, Calif.
The train reaches Squamish at 12:20 and starts its return journey at 2 P.M.
Rabbi Emeritus David J. Seligson of the Central Synagogue in New York performed the ceremony at the Lotos Club.
The reforms made in this act are especially necessary in New York.
* Wilbur Chocolate Co., Lititz, Pa., a subsidiary of the MacAndrews & Forbes Group, has elected William J. Shaughnessy president.
At the same time, industry advertising has helped make people feel more comfortable with the notion of a computer in their home or, alternatively, apprehensive that their children will fail without them.
''It's a tradition,'' said Michelle Stephano, a 20-year-old student at the University of Cincinnati, who rode 18 hours to reach a Holiday Inn room that she was sharing with six friends.
*3*** COMPANY REPORTS ** View Full Article in Timesmachine »
Richard A. Viguerie, publisher of Conservative Digest, said, ''It would be difficult to find a spokesman less trusted by conservatives and liberals alike.''
The ''reform'' would only harden South Africa's racial divisions.
Without such a plan, the plant cannot be operated.
Ever since he was 16 years old and won a silver medal at the 1976 Olympics in Montreal, Louganis has been a world-class diver.
He added that the greater outlays were ''spurred by rising consumer confidence'' as well as the higher income and, in turn, should prompt businesses to spend more in coming months on capital investment and inventories in expectation of strong sales.
It does affect personal relationships, and the final line for me at the time was that if I had to make a choice between work and a relationship, the personal relationship would go by the wayside.
''If I could put the questions in the polls, why I'd get a majority,'' she said.
Among his nine books of poems, ''The Light Around the Body'' won the National Book Award for Mr. Bly.
Ellen Ameling Watts and Daniel Steven Bernstein, architects in Boston, were married at their home there yesterday by Justice of the Peace Judith Craven.
His bill would allow marijuana prescriptions for cancer and glaucoma patients.
They could be considered the doves in the Israeli political spectrum.
Then, brochures were distributed through the Windham Center School to ''get at the parents through the children,'' Mrs. Guarnaccia said.
She won the Open in 1981 putting that way.
The company would thus join other large institutions that have established financial divisions in Delaware in the last couple of years after a liberalization of the state's credit and banking laws.
The holidays somehow alter our perception of the city.
''America is now a failure,'' he opines at one point.
It was refused by the union leadership.
Between its premiere in 1965 and its most most recent revival in 1971, the Ritchard ''Perichole'' made a lot of friends for Offenbach.
Adjectives strain the typewriter in their ineptitude, so let it be said simply: I have never been anywhere in the world more magically beautiful than Kauai.
Carew is not foolish about money.
While the three visiting officials praised the Mayor for taking the advice he has given to private companies - to set up shop outside Manhattan - they also indicated that they were not fully satisfied.
She finished her courses two weeks ago, knowing she might not be back for graduation in June because of an important grass-court tuneup for Wimbledon in England.
Somewhat plainer are the Albani and Staffani, where rates are $80-$120 MAP.
''Of course I'm happy, but I'm more concerned right now with the playoffs.''
It might be somewhere between fairy tale and blasphemy to believe that a 198-pound boxer with no great punch, who has had only 10 fights in a professional career marked more by illness and injury than by crowning success, can beat Larry Holmes.
General Motors advanced 1, to 60 1/8; Ford 1/2, to 39 1/2, and Chrysler 1/2, to 16 1/2.
Clear trends that have been developing over the last several years can be discerned.
Mr. Pallu's complaint is that the cooperatives are dipping into the common wine to make their so-called chateau bottlings.
Glorification of the Soviet military has convinced many Russians that dishonorable or cowardly actions are unthinkable. ''
We're just beginning to scratch the surface.''
And he has got himself into trouble more than once.
She agreed that the club's relationship with the D.E.P.
''The Americans think our knees are shaking,'' the Syrian reportedly said.
Gizzi's passing went for 143 yards.
Emergency Petition Earth Satellite Communications then filed an emergency petition with the F.C.C., challenging the authority of the New Jersey board.
The Soviet Embassy said in a statement that it ''vigorously protests against the totally unfounded and arbitrary decision of the French authorities,'' adding that no evidence of illegal activity had been offered.
The summary made no mention of any move toward an easing and said Fed officials decided to ''maintain the existing degree'' of restraint.
Mr. Chagra was recently acquitted of the murder charge.
She was asked about prosecution testimony that she pushed for a cleanup at a dump in Seymour, Ind., in an effort to aid Senator Richard G. Lugar, Republican of Indiana, before the November 1982 election.
Mr. Butte has extended the lunch menu, adding a number of fresh and imaginative salads, and continuing the still very good ''Dolly basics'' of soups, omelets and quiches.
The proposed amendment is the same as one approved by Congress in 1972 with a seven-year deadline for three-fourths of the state legislatures to ratify it.
Harborside is a huge 2.4-million- square-foot former Pennsylvania Railroad warehouse almost directly across the Hudson from the World Trade Center.
But because of the deficit, the President faces two widely divided electorates, one big, one small.
''Since we got here in June,'' he said, ''we've hardly had to turn a screw in our boat.''
A 10-foot banked shot by Franklin Edwards with 2 seconds remaining yesterday gave the Philadelphia 76ers a 107-105 victory over the Knicks at Madison Square Garden and moved New York a step closer to playoff elimination.
With refining and marketing operations pinched, the oil giants have become increasingly dependent on profits from exploration and production.
Though dessert is really an afterthought following such hearty food, if you are in the mood, the only items worth asking for are Parmigiano Reggiano or a ripe pear.
Beuerlein is the 18-year-old freshman quarterback who has directed Notre Dame to three straight victories and a 4-2 record since Faust replaced Blair Kiel.
Sheriff Dykes said the gunman was captured after his last hostage bolted from the pro shop.
But with the countdown starting for Sunday's vote, mudslinging, slander, innuendo and the manipulation of information have reached new lows.
All this makes for a pleasant comic-opera plot, and the music Korngold lavished on it is both tuneful and astonishingly well crafted.
'So Vague and So Broad' ''It's so vague and so broad,'' he said, ''that the old and the handicapped are the people who will be affected, the people in nursing homes, who have what some see as a marginal quality of life, who are a burden on society.
Schroy, of course, knows about Holmes's contract, but insists it did not make him envious.
He added, however, that the Israeli effort to continue to build new settlements was ''unnecessarily provocative.''
Yet many foreign suppliers are not reliable, and in other cases highergrade ores are being depleted.
To many of her countrymen she was a revolutionary saint, a Joan of Arc for the masses; to many others, she was the fanatic and ruthless apostle of godless Communism.
That set off a flurry of countercharges on campus from the student newspaper and some faculty members that the Governor was playing to his Jewish constituency.
When questioned, Mr. Cranston spotted a propriety issue and weighed it carefully, but came down on the side of candor and voted for himself.
Including benefits, the contract is said to pay him as much as $100,000 more than he would have earned from the Pistons this season.
Sometimes the difference between Steinbrenner the super fan and Steinbrenner the super psychologist - he fancies himself that as well, it appears - becomes blurred.
The change will alter both the distribution of Federal funds and the Government statistics on cities and suburbs.
The business will be leaving Ogilvy & Mather, Chicago, after a four-and-a-half year stay.
The dining rooms are festive and stylish, with brick, natural wood and white walls, leafy plants and green-and-white-glass lampshades.
This provision was included in large part because of heated complaints from Wall Street firms that feared it might make brokers liable for the penalty if they simply executed trades for customers with inside information.
You might pay a bit of an extra price for that, but they're there when you need them.''
The funding for such a program could be provided by modifying another idea -a $2-a-week payroll tax, split between employer and employee, that would be dedicated to a crime-trust fund.
And snow is a good bet, too.
b-Includes an extraordinary gain of $3,736,000, or 16 cents a share, resulting from a debt-for-equity swap.
JEROME FRANK, Brooklyn, Feb. 26, 1983
''We let them come at us at the start of the third period, and we lost our cool.
Beneath the backboard, several players battled for the rebound, including Kareem Abdul-Jabbar and Moncrief.
Michaels did not go out as a calm pond last winter, losing control and blaming Al Davis after a joker had imitated Hess in a goofy locker-room telephone call to Los Angeles, and bickering publicly with Shula, and criticizing the mud in the Orange Bowl.
The unions form its political and financial base, and if they are weakened the party will be weakened as well.
''Suggesting any minor change always brings on a reaction.
*3*** COMPANY REPORTS ** View Full Article in Timesmachine »
New York: Clarkson N. Potter/ Crown Publishers.
An agency spokesman, Louis Achitoff, said there had evidently been no rules violations.
''We're glad it's happening, but we think it only happens as a result of pressure.''
Patients have told him of people refusing to accept change from their deformed hands or snatching babies away when they notice the abnormality, as if in fear of contagion.
The United States signed a confidential agreement with Israel that is not being made public, at Lebanon's request.
Among the hundreds of good ethnic restaurants are Khyber India, 50 East Walton Place; Suzy Wong's, Armitage Avenue at Fremont Street; Korea House, 3301 North Clark Street; the Golden Ox, a German restaurant at 1578 North Clybourn; Buster Crab, 1008 West Armitage Avenue, noted for its seafood served in Italian style; and Glady's Luncheonette, 4527 South Indiana, which is worth the 15-minute journey from downtown for its Southern fried specialties.
''We just don't have the problems of the larger communities, and we don't have the dissatisfaction with the schools that they have.
He was referring to American National, Heller's most profitable unit, which earned $28 million last year, an 11.5 percent gain over 1981.
The new Foreign Minister is Lee Won Kyung, who was deputy minister two decades ago.
We only had one channel in Springhill until recently.
They are instruments of the public good.''
In the other homelands the key security officials are all whites, either South Africans or former Rhodesians.
In return, the West might get what it has sought in vain up to now - a long-term agreement with the major producers for reasonable price increases in return for guaranteed supplies and an end to disruptive ''oil shocks.''
Senate Democrats called on President Reagan today to acknowledge that the War Powers Resolution had been set off by attacks on the United States marines in Lebanon and to ask for Congressional approval for keeping the marines there.
Senator Gregorio, 56 years old, was convicted on Dec. 19 by an Essex County jury.
Personal Computer,'' said Mr. Edelson of First Boston.
MILWAUKEE (AL) - Reactivated Don Money, infielder, and Rick Waits, pitcher, from disabled list.
But the familiarity is immaterial.
Northwest Airlines yesterday reported a second-quarter profit of $14.4 million, or 66 cents a share, on revenues of $537.5 million.
The company has also been trying to renegotiate its revolving credit agreement after its net worth fell short of requirements.
It belongs to the pea family, and its clusters of pink-red flowers, which open before the leaves appear, are attached in curious places - along the trunks and branches.
You should be able to make eight or nine of them.
Because there are no national elections scheduled in France until the legislative voting of 1986, the individual muncipal contests that are to be rerun are nonetheless expected to receive unusual attention.
Dr. Carlos M. Varsavsky, who held a number of prominent business and science posts in his native Argentina and was president of Lincoln West Associates in New York City, died yesterday after suffering a heart attack on a flight to Buenos Aires to attend to business and family matters.
Under cross-examination, she said that before Mr. Bova had hit Mr. Turks, someone had yelled, ''He's got a gun,'' referring to Mr. Turks.
The outlines of a possible agreement were arrived at in nearly continuous meetings that began at 3 A.M. yesterday and adjourned a little before 11 last night at the Grand Hyatt Hotel in Manhattan.
But it simply was a coincidence, I suppose, and yet it brought on heightened feelings of - well, I just don't know.
James Burke, the chairman of Johnson & Johnson, said the first institutional test of the credo was the nationwide Tylenol recall last year that followed the deaths of seven Chicago-area residents who had taken capsules contaminated with arsenic.
John Mascheroni, the designer for Swaim Originals, has completed a series of sofas that have thick, box-edged cushions.
Amway, based in Grand Rapids, Mich., is a privately owned household goods company with a large sales staff.
The divestiture could still be derailed legally, but the chances of that happening are considered extremely small.
The fire department and the firefighters' union appealed to the Supreme Court on the ground that the district court had improperly abrogated a valid seniority system.
Serve with French or Italian bread to dip in liquid or sauce.
''If you want an auto industry, if you want shipbuilding, nuclear power construction or offshore research, they are all closely interlocked with steel,'' he said.
The Cullman County Civil Defense director, Billy John White, said 19 people were injured by a twister.
''It's strictly a matter of preference and the situation in your home,'' he commented.
The studies that support controlled drinking are often challenged as flawed, but adherents assert that they are better documented than the studies underlying more orthodox treatments.
Today, Glenn says that he ''was always'' a Democrat and consistently ''voted Democratic.''
In the fourth, another close round, the champion landed his first really good left hand, the followup to a right jab.
She moves lyrically and speaks Andre Gide's verse in clear, beautifully cadenced French, particularly in Persephone's poignant awakening in the underworld.
''It's the union paper,'' said Mr. O'Donnell, a retired railroad man, referring to The Voice.
The stalemate persisted in the Senate because Senator Bob Kasten, Republican of Wisconsin, resisted pressure from Senate leaders to withdraw his amendment, unrelated to the relief bill itself, to repeal the withholding law due to take effect in July.
Oyster Bay, which reached the final for the third time in three years, ended with a record of 7-1-1, having tied Locust Valley earlier this month.
A painting of waterfowl hunting in which the landscape is by Jeriarte and the figures and animals are by Murillo.
From 7 to 11 P.M. Tickets, $10 and $12.50; $5 for student and the elderly.
But Mr. Vladimov's next work, ''Three Minutes of Silence,'' turned the literary establishment away from him.
McGrath (R) N Y 6.
His convictions led him to encourage the Bennington Festival and the American Dance Festival, to recognize the importance of dance notation and to campaign for high standards of dance teaching.
But it's a complicated pattern, and you've got to do it just so.''
Say I get behind; well, another guy might come over and throw on a part for me.
On this basis, it is not surprising that Arnaud de Borchgrave, one of the publishers and writers, said the newsletter itself was ''ultraconfidential.''
The main challenge to the Socialists comes from the Social Democrats, who led the right-of-center coalition in power for the last three years.
Most of IBH's subsidiaries, including Terex, the Hudson, Ohio, maker of heavy earth-moving equipment, have already sought court protection from creditors.
Oddly, trucks don't make the house quake, though we live in an area where trucks much heavier than buses are constantly roaring up the street with thunderous munching of gears.
What sets the Highlight Theater apart from other regional theaters is not only its accent on acting, but its avoidance of customary scheduling and subscription procedures.
The Governors of New York, Connecticut and New Jersey said last night that they would work together to legislate a uniform drinking age for the three states.
In the last 3 years, the French film maker had spent 15 million rapidly deteriorating francs in an attempt to galvanize a national enthusiasm for 12- Meter sailing.
There's just a hole in the ground.''
Indeed, the times as a child and a young adult are the only years she can remember.
said one United Transportation Union member this afternoon after leaving a two-hour meeting attended by nearly 300 of the 622 workers on strike against Metro-North's Harlem, Hudson and New Haven lines.
Creation of new jobs is not expected until well into 1984.
''Two minutes,'' said Mr. Merola, ''and this was in the land of Magna Carta.''
The need to kill - an activity which in any context other than military conflict or the punishment of criminals is considered not only immoral but criminal - will continue to present serious moral dilemmas.
''She's the popular Burton,'' he would say.
P-KN4 but could not produce a convincing follow-up.
At times, Speaker O'Neill has sounded such views, though Mr. Rostenkowski says the Speaker will eventually be cooperative about compromising.
The revision, under pressure from the S.E.C., reduced the figure to $42.6 million from $73.4 million.
The birth of the film industry in New York at the turn of the century: fiction.
''We've done the easy part,'' he said.
Two of the times the Pirates were able to hit the ball solidly, Brian Giles stopped them.
While Shlibashvili lay mortally injured in Edmonton, his mother declined a sudden trip to Canada because, according to Miller, ''she wanted to remember her son as he was when she kissed him goodbye at the airport.''
And I love getting to the office on Monday morning and calling to say, 'You are a writer.
In more recent times, Mr. Petersen, chairman since June 1980, has led Getty into a controversial diversification program - acquiring a profitable insurance operation that added $82 million to 1982 earnings, but sinking some $100 million into the Entertainment and Sports Programming Network Inc., a cable television venture that has yet to become profitable.
Makoto Ozone, a relatively unknown young pianist who has won the Down Beat magazine Student Achievement Award for Outstanding Jazz Performance, walked out on the stage at Carnegie Recital Hall late Wednesday afternoon, sat down at the piano, looked it straight in the keyboard and took total possession of the instrument.
The only problem with all of this, at least until the last few days, has been the weather.
Many statements have been made on this score.
Any attempt to talk about stretching exercises, warmups, midweek workouts and not eating a big breakfast just before a game drew blank looks from the youthful, would-be baseball players.
Mr. Zhang acknowledged that he had no reply, since the newspaper China Youth had just assured its readers that nothing was wrong with fashionable hairdos and bright clothing.
After the four-day Washington visit, the royal party will embark on an eight-city whirl that will include a stop at Harvard University and the Center for Southeast Asian Studies at Berkeley, the largest center for Nepalese studies in the United States, where the King will be presented with the University of California-Berkeley medal.
c-Including a tax credit of $166,000 for the quarter and an extraordinary gain of $7,258,000 for the year.
''If Hector hadn't got hurt,'' says Jim Luscinski, an offensive lineman who is also injured, ''we could have kept going just as if we had Freeman in there.''
They were accompanied by Canon Algis Gutauskas, who heads the Vilna Archdiocese in Bishop Steponavicius's enforced absence, and a priest who serves as secretary to Bishop Povilonis.
One of the basic objectives of oversight is this difficult problem of trying to reconcile the goals of an open society with the demands of secrecy, which you need in certain aspects of your national security and foreign policy.
Last year he gave the gallery a noteworthy Cubist collage of 1913 by Georges Braque.
In political science terms, the most obvious outsider in the race is Senator Dole, who has already served as party chairman, run for Vice President and lashed just about everyone from the President on down with his acerbic, witty tongue.
Sound-absorbing materials in engine housings, redesigned turbine blades and new engines are expected to deal with the noise problem.
CP Air said the substitution would allow it to better tailor its capacity increases to the requirements in Canada over the next five years.
Screenings for dioxin contamination in Imperial, Mo., found that nearly all residents tested had some abnormality in their blood or urine.
The program was completed by performances of Gerald Arpino's new ''Italian Suite'' and the Fokine classic ''Petrouchka,'' in which Beatriz Rodriguez was a wide-eyed and prim Ballerina and Carl Corry made a promising debut as a rag-doll Petrouchka.
''The piece may cause some pain, but none is intended.
The American branch has set up 10 ''consulates'' in this country and has plans to establish 10 more.
However, American and Israeli intelligence officials reported no signs of preparation for a resumption of fighting.
In 1934, members of the organization contributed to ''Empire in the East,'' published by Doubleday, Doran.
Desserts are above average, and on a given day may include a respectable marquise au chocolat and a mouthpuckering lemon pie.
Dennis R. Barnhart died the same day he earned more than $9 million on paper as Eagle, a small computer company, made its initial public stock offering.
''If he had played another year, he never would have still been there on the fourth round,'' said Mike Hickey, who runs the Jets' draft.
Alas, love and efficacy do not always mix, as the divorce rate would seem to indicate.''
''I don't want to put emphasis on me,'' said Resch, who established franchise records this season for games played with 63, minutes played with 3,550, and ties with 12.
Educators say the problem first emerged about a decade ago and has worsened fairly steadily since then.
In such a case, the number of bases that the batter is allowed is left to the discretion of the umpires.
Malone, the National Basketball Association's most valuable player in two of the last three seasons, averaged 24.5 points a game this season, led the league in rebounding with a 15.3 average and sparked the 76ers to the best record in the league (65-17).
He delayed any announcement, ''because I was hoping this feeling I had inside would change in January, that I would say, 'O.K., I enjoy this again.'
Football coach Ed Cavanaugh resigned after the 4-7 season.
Qtr to Feb 28 1983 1982 Sales 8,934,948 12,588,719 Net loss 479,736 b3,356,851 9mo sales 28,739,128 41,582,347 Net loss 1,687,061 2,987,811 b-After a tax charge of $251,000.
While he offered his quota of devastating black dresses, he showed a number of much more interesting designs.
Goods Came 'From Abroad' Mr. Eriksson said the Malmo goods came ''from abroad'' but not from South Africa.
He covered his face with his hands.
George Steinbrenner , the Yankee owner, who is facing disciplinary action because of his behavior surrounding the contested home run, elected to forgo souvenir bats when the game was resumed at Yankee Stadium in August.
Mr. Ward, 57 years old, remembered being being raised in Brooklyn when there were few blacks on the force.
Factors in Her Decision Q.
More important, he said, ''The fact that the distributors have their money in the project means that they have motivation for the movies to succeed at the box office.
A Vietnam War hero who has been denied Social Security disability pay said today that White House aides had told him President Reagan wanted to help him through private aid groups, but he declared, ''I don't want charity.''
The show, which runs through Dec. 31, was organized by the museum's founder, Larry Aldrich, in collaboration with the artist and it comprises about 40 works.
And throughout the recital, he showed not only the promise of developing into one of our finer young pianists, but much of the achievement of that promise.
St. Ignatius's Church (Episcopal), West End Avenue at 87th Street.
Membership in the institute is limited to 250 native or naturalized American citizens ''qualified by notable achievements in art, music and literature.''
These include grants to states for pesticide programs, water quality programs, environmental monitoring and health effects programs.
But if you read this whole resolution, what they're talking about, from our point of view, is dangerous government intrusion into the family.''
''I choose to think I repressed it.
While legislators and task force members debate additional measures to combat drunken drivers, police officers across the state are gearing up to prevent those drivers from causing accidents this holiday season.
If the spinoff is approved, Mr. Abely would become Sea-Land's chairman and chief executive officer, J. Paul Sticht, the Reynolds chairman and chief executive officer, said.
More snow was forecast for Montreal, threatening games scheduled for today and tomorrow.
It begins at the flower stands on the southeast corner of 42d Street and the Avenue of the Americas (northwest corner of the park) and will be led by Val Ginter, an architectural historian, who will take you past the many statues and, with old photos, through the story of the park.
Further information is available from Travcoa, 875 North Michigan Avenue, Suite 3732, Chicago, Ill. (800-621-6878).
Forget about learning anything, they said.
Businessmen, establishment economists and legislators from the Government's own party have joined militant opposition party legislators and union groups in calling for a pause.
(Television - Channel 2, 4 P.M. Radio -WCBS, 880, 4 P.M.) Hockey Rangers vs. Philadelphia Flyers, at Madison Square Garden, Eighth Avenue and 33d Street, 7:35 P.M.
Tambellini's goal, his 17th of the season, which leads the team, was an infrequent short-handed one against the Islanders.
But during last winter's cold wave, pipes in the Englewood house burst and the Forstes moved to a rented house in nearby Teaneck, where, Miss Parker said, they have decided to stay because, among other things, the town's school system is ''academically very strong.''
Australia II tacked to the right 18 minutes after the start, and Liberty tacked to cover.
After all, Miss McCarthy did not say of Miss Hellman's work, as Dr. Johnson did of Lord Chesterfield's letters to his son, ''They teach the morals of a whore and the manners of a dancing master.''
Payments on the loan were made until the mid-1930's, according to court documents.
''They are likely to have a record harvest this year, which will help export earnings, and the costs of the war are behind them.
These hints suggest that perhaps Hemingway was mroe sexually complex in life than on the bookshelf, which, if known, would probably make him seem more sympathetic in this age of sexual relativity.
Referring to Spellman, he said: ''I'll need his vision and his judgment.''
The 35th to 48th floors of the tower are lighted in white, and the golden roof at the pinnacle is illuminated in sodium vapor lights to enhance the color.
I think every dive I do is potentially worth 10's, so I think any time I can put together a list of dives to get 9 1/2's and 10's, I can get 800.''
Cranston credits her with bringing great happiness into his life.
*3*** COMPANY REPORTS ** View Full Article in Timesmachine »
I would use the pot, which is made of heavy-gauge aluminum and has a stainless-steel spigot, primarily for stock.
''I watched him wither, as he lost his ability to drive, to work, to golf and to enjoy our lives together,'' said the former singer at the Metropolitan Opera.
He said it reflected ''fundamental city policy.''
She said her daughter had been walking with a boy her family had helped to raise for the last seven years.
A 'State of the Reagan Report' The President, as if mindful of the criticism that has been expressed in some quarters of his conservative underpinning, delivered a sweeping speech that touched on every issue dear to the hearts of conservatives.
''I haven't seen any new patterns in a long time,'' he said, indicating that lace designing does not seem to interest young people.
The acquisitiveness of some beachcombers is muted and involves no more than the shell of a surf clam or a small piece of bleached wood.
Federal officials opened the floodgates on two dams Monday, relieving the pressure building from the melting snowpack in the Rocky Mountains, but endangering property along the California-Arizona border.
But Japan boasts a total of less than 15,000 lawyers, while American universities graduate 35,000 every year.
His new role calls for a him to appear early in the game, when winning and losing don't hinge on each pitch.
There it's still a dance.''
Rex Smith and Betty Buckley will play the leading roles today in a reading of ''The Human Comedy,'' Galt MacDermot's new musical, at the Public Theater.
Democrats railed at Republicans, charging them with ''genetic arrogance.''
When the announcement was made, Teddy Zambounis, Gimbels's chief electrician, was sitting at the counter of the store's slightly stale- smelling restaurant eating fried eggs and bacon.
Mr. Streeter, wearing a reflecting vest and a hard hat, placed a five-foot-long yellow gauge across the tracks and the adjacent guardrail to see if they were properly aligned.
A vote on the House bill in Mr. Wirth's Telecommunications Subcommittee was postponed Wednesday.
Dave Righetti does it by his pitching tomorrow.
''Wild card options'' may help bond futures traders who sell short because they can often deliver cheap bonds bought in the cash market.
The state budget office estimates that the city should take in about $25 million from its share of these taxes.
Because anglers haven't appeared at Montauk in great numbers, the party boat business has been slow and the Marlin IV is now engaged in commercial longlining for tile fish.
But with the Presidential primary season approaching and Jesse Jackson's candidacy announced, his juices are flowing again.
The buildings are old and need air-conditioning, she said, and the center needs a halfway house for patients who are almost ready to leave, more office space and more laboratory space.
One quiet Saturday at lunch, a waiter suggested putting a few of the black beans in the ginger sauce, and the fermented beans added just the right depth of flavor to the spicy ginger root.
Ayer Inc. * Gib Dannehower joining TBWA Advertising as a senior vice president.
There was one other important difference.
This was the largest rise since last June.
With nothing in clubs and a high honor in diamonds he would have played the spade ten.
- Inspect the muffler and exhaust system and clean off rust and soot with a wire brush.
There were also compound interest bonds maturing from 1997 through 1999.
Mike Griffin, the trainer, explained that he gives Copelan an Absorbine rub shortly before his races.
''It is heartening to see that the many regulations phasing out the uses of PCB's are being effective.''
And though the group was calculatedly nonpartisan, its members were keenly aware of the political implications of their discussions.
Of course, there is some danger in relying on the Postal Service for delivery of large checks.
And submitted that as a first step and right to the point.
For them the machines are not simply an option: ''It is life or death if they don't get dialyzed,'' he said.
(Paris later made an equivalent ''contribution.''
He also served as a South African naval attache in London in 1968.
Temple scored 17 unanswered points to take a 48-36 lead at intermission, by which time St. Joseph's (15-13, 8-6) had 10 turnovers.
They said they didn't want that supply consumed in Central America when they might have to fight more threating enemies.
It was an obvious sign that he was different from the rest.
He never got near it once it hit the ground and the Steelers were ahead, 7-0, after only 12 seconds had elapsed.
But it was done in a way that did not preclude what the Europeans seem to want - a new bargaining position based on a readiness to lower the deployment numbers if the Soviets will talk about cuts too.
His last defeat came against Quebec on Nov. 11.
This would not only cut transportation costs, now about $2,500 from Pennsylvania, but would also create construction jobs.
But sources familiar with the S.E.C.
The third party to these negotiations is technology, and it waits for no diplomat.
So armed, I could loiter along the banks of the Beaverkill fondling my Gillum and waiting for the glorious moment when an equally learned and sensitive angler happened by and recognized my possession.
Intense lobbying by city officials and by COPS resulted in state approval of basic programs in electrical, mechanical and civil engineering at the University of Texas at San Antonio, and 450 students are already enrolled.
Four percent were from abroad.
BALTIMORE (AL) - Reactivated Joe N olan, catcher, out since June 21 with b roken left toe.
As a result, he was named to play in the Pro Bowl.
In a departure from usual industry practice, I.B.M.
Mrs. Restiano, 35, another newcomer to elective politics, runs a family- owned photography business in Bronxville.
Most of the Galaxy's condominium apartments offer spectacular, unobstructed views of the Manhattan skyline, a feature enhanced by the octagonal shape of the buildings and their staggered configuration along the river.
I had to take a bus from White Plains to the Bronx, then a bus at Croton that stopped at every town and village.''
This performance was slightly below that of both the Dow Jones industrial average and Standard & Poor's 500-stock index.
For the first two years of the Reagan regime, these divisions were papered over by the popularity of the President and the success of his program.
''But you may only be getting that on the excess over $2,500, or $500, and 5 1/4 percent on the rest.''
Does it still make sense to rent a telephone?
Meanwhile, female activists are not waiting for handouts from men.
Chase and the other dealers have agreed to provide an updated list of bid and asked prices for selected Treasury and agency securities to the nearly 10,000 subscribers of Telerate.
Somebody (the United States) must lead them out of it.
The United States Air Force has acceded to a request from the F.A.A.
*3*** COMPANY REPORTS ** View Full Article in Timesmachine »
Why do we watch this nonsense with such rapt attention?
This has led to a particular oversupply in such widebodied aircraft as the Lockheed L-1011, the Boeing 747 and the McDonnell Douglas DC-10.
''With these programs it's just a question of how far you're willing to go,'' Dr. Oppenheimer said.
The other victories were over Penn State (44-6) and Wyoming (56-20).
Putnam Valley, N.Y. $67,576 *2*Glenman Gardens 3-bedroom, 2-bath, 58-year-old *2*frame ranch; family room, den, *2*3-year-old roof; taxes $1,225.
Millions of our neighbors are without work.
They were the same things I was worried about in training camp when I didn't know what adjustments we were going to have to make.
*3*** COMPANY REPORTS ** View Full Article in Timesmachine »
'Bourgeois Spiritual Pollution' Peking Daily said last month that workers in the capital, over half of whom are 35 or younger, would undergo two weeks of ideological study because they lacked enough experience to recognize ''bourgeois spiritual pollution.''
It is an ambitious project.
The Ambassador, William Jennings Dyess, is flying to Washington next week for the visit of Foreign Minister Hans van den Broek of the Netherlands.
His plea was prompted by an article on Social Security by Mr. Dole that appeared that morning on the Op Ed page of The New York Times.
''Art Wall told me that 20 years after you win it, you will still be asked to do some things, make some appearances,'' Charles Coody said.
''Perhaps my taste for the 'ugly,' '' he says in 1956, ''is a preference for what I detect as energy in a work of art.
She said she hoped he would not wake up and see the ''spacemen'' taking samples from a neighbor's home.
Union Pacific's net rose 30.2 percent, and Conrail reported its first profitable first quarter in seven years.
''I believe it offers to the homeowners in Harlem an opportunity to see how the state cares about the community,'' he said.
They ignore divergent papers and, as they will readily admit, may not even answer each other's letters.
The jobs of 1,800 teachers hang in the balance.
But Irving Fine's ''McCord's Menagerie'' was spirited, and Donald Skirvin led an eloquent performance of ''Shenandoah.''
However, the deal was put back together.
Returning from vacation at the end of last summer, the French looked cautious and reserved, observing the Socialist Government's discourse as it wound down its politics of joy and turned toward the coarser diction of wage and price freezes.
9) and Mendelssohn's Quartet in D (Op.
The important thing is to get epidemiological studies going and find the cause.''
''Based on the facts in the complaint, this is a case that the S.E.C.
In their private thoughts, they may even raise a cheer for the Davids who dare to stand up to either Goliath.
The forecast is significant because it determines how much revenue the Administration can assume will be derived from taxes, and therefore governs the size of the deficit.
On either or both of the bus tours the visitor develops an even deeper appreciation for the progress that has been made in flight in the relatively short time since Dec. 17, 1903, when Orville and Wilbur Wright successfully achieved sustained flight in a powerdriven aircraft.
The Hong Kong dollar fell slightly in the second quarter, and so did the Hang Seng index of stocks, from 996 on March 31 to 964.4 on June 30.
''My first thought was, 'What do we do with the extra $5,000?'
The pastoral letter will now be disseminated as a teaching resource for American Catholics in their consideration of the issues of war and peace.
What is more, the reader knows from actual history that whatever Markham may accomplish by way of revenge or self-punishment, the Armenians in Turkey will eventually suffer far more widespread massacres.
Based on the rate found in Minnesota of nine menstrually related cases among every 100,000 menstruating women, there should be at least 4,500 cases occurring nationwide each year.
The over-the-counter sector has ranked for months as the market's weakest link.
Analysts cited a turn for the better in the bond market.
One of these parts re-entered the atmosphere and burned up Dec. 30, he said, adding that the two remaining parts consisted of the main section of the satellite and the fuel core of the reactor.
The Chicago mayoral race, for example, showed the difficulty that Mr. Mondale, as the ''politics candidate,'' faces in welding together conflicting Democratic blocs.
The assassination attempt itself is deftly done, with a canny eye for the media potential.
Letters should be addressed to The Editor, Long Island Weekly Section, The New York Times, 229 W. 43d Street, New York, N.Y. 10036.
Open 9 A.M. to 12 noon, 2 to 5 P.M. Tuesday through Sunday.
Moreover, Mr. Wallace said, there was ''no discussion of money between me'' and Mr. Terpil or Mr. Korkala.
Only the bellowing of the cattle alerted the villagers.
Mr. Glanzer denounced the department's ''representing the Argentinians in this,'' saying it would violate the department's promise to protect Mr. Townley in exchange for his plea of guilty in the 1976 killing and testimony against his accomplices.
The measure is not expected to pass the Senate.
In Tokyo, the dollar slipped to 235.15 yen from 235.25 yen Thursday.
Mr. Genrich called it ''a very major set of reforms.''
Lou Rondinello, High Honors's trainer, was delighted with the way his colt finished.
AT Associated American Artists until Aug. 5, there are prints as far as the eye can see.
He found a unity in sign-systems and their opposites that his followers called structuralism (except for those who called it ''semiology'').
But having a majority that will do something is a bigger problem.''
Mr. Mkhize was not a politician.
who said that ''during the past three years the banks losses have been heavy and earnings have been nonexistent.''
He is expected back for this game.
Wendy Turnbull seized the middle of the court and neutralized the more powerful Sylvia Hanika to win a $150,000 Virginia Slims tennis tournament today, 6-3, 3-6, 6-4.
Jack Silvey Miller, a Presbyterian minister, performed the ceremony at the Bedford Historical Hall in Bedford Village, N.Y.
In his first year, Mr. Reagan and David A. Stockman, Director of the Office of Management and Budget, dazzled Congress and dominated the budget process.
Showtime, the runner-up to HBO, is making made-for-pay-television movies, too, but with a difference.
Mr. Taamri, who heads the Ansar camp's prisoner committee, spoke fluent English.
While Mr. Milner, Mr. Tisdale and Mr. White have won their party nominations, most politicians believe that Mr. Milner has the best chance of the three to win election on Nov. 8.
Yvonne Meier and Ishmael Houston-Jones danced a duet in which they never really paid attention to each other.
If the downward currents had not connected with upward currents from the lightning rod, they might have linked up indiscriminately and disastrously with discharges from the electric fields of other objects such as buildings, chimneys, tall trees or golfers.
All-time high for New York City: 106o (July 9, 1936) Total days this year with highs above 90o: 15
He sought to make a long-term impact on our politics.
''I've seen Nina Griscom, Christie Brinkley and Kimberly Farkas in his dresses, so I knew they would make a good show, but I wondered if he was well known enough to sell tickets.
The club's goals have not changed since its founding, he said.
A slightly heavier version, Accent Supreme, is available for both professionals and amateurs; it has a thicker protective coating on top and a suggested price of $13.95 a square yard.
''Prices of Treasury bills and bonds hit new highs for the current move today and that was good news for the precious metals because it meant that yields on competitive investment were down.''
''The audience was captive,'' said Charles Rizk, until recently president of the television company.
Lessons to be learned from well-run American corporations.
27, while Robbins Landon numbers it 43.
Mayor Debbie Pope of Hammond said cyanide traces at harmless levels were detected in her city's water system after samples were sent to West Payne Laboratories in Baton Rouge.
He became an actor back in the silent days, he met Estelle Taylor in Hollywood and married her, he was in vaudeville - he would go on tours after he won the championship and he would ask guys to come on up on the stage and fight with him and he would make $6,000 to $7,000 a week doing that.''
His friend Oscar the Grouch, here named Bodoque, will have a more Latin look, sporting brownish fur and a fuzzy mustache.
The next meeting was set for Thursday.
That would mean a rise in the national debt by $1,584 billion for the six years from 1983 through 1988.
There were four-foot weeds instead of grass.
''When you're a little kid,'' he said, ''you just run the ball.
First Challenge in News When ''Monitor'' makes its move, it will be the first program in the style of ''60 Minutes'' to mount a challenge.
shouted the manager, Harry Selamaj.
It prints books about World War II, Nazism, the Warsaw ghetto uprising and the concentration camps.
The plant's owner, the Long Island Lighting Company, lacks the Federal licenses its needs to load nuclear fuel, conduct low-power nuclear tests and ultimately begin generating electricity for Lilco customers.
The agreement removes Nettles from the free-agent draft next Monday and reduces to 45 the number of players who will be in the draft.
Yorkville has always been a neighborhood of contrasts, where the Mayor's residence, Gracie Mansion, and the East End Avenue enclave of elegant apartments are only a few blocks from the Stanley Isaacs and John Haynes Holmes public housing projects; where Elaine's, the saloon of the literati, is just around the corner from a soup kitchen, where five- and six-story tenements share the same streets as private brownstones and expensive high-rises.
Self-employed taxpayers, however, must file a tax return if their net income from self-employment is $400 or more.
The Government's decade-long campaign to draw investment dollars from the major industrialized nations has attracted companies in such high- technology, high-growth industries as electronics, engineering, health care, pharmaceuticals, computer software development and data processing.
Contemplating Financial Burden Over in Massapequa, L.I., there is also some confusion in the home of Angie Grossi, who is a junior accountant at Con Edison and one of the 17,000 strikers.
After viewing a film and learning something about Bolivar, one chorister, Andrew Kaen, was asked what he thought about the trip.
Unionized flight attendants and machinists have yet to vote.
We were treated as well before we were recognized as after by the young, unfailingly polite and professional staff, expert even at asking a diner to extinguish his cigar because it was bothering patrons nearby.
He is a Democrat from Washington.
What is newest about all this is the direct focus on the infant.
''We want to start recording,'' Mr. Derricks-Carroll says.
We seem to be more concerned as a society with the redistribution of wealth, and we seem to elevate equality more than liberty.''
That policy had its most humiliating moment after the terrorist bombing in Beirut in which more than 230 American servicemen died, when Israel's offer of emergency hospital facilities and special equipment to find the dead and wounded under the rubble was rejected by the local United States commander.
An Israeli bank converts currencies.
The route, ideally, will stretch from Ethiopia, or northern Kenya, to Zimbabwe, across lakes, rivers and ocean; a carefully planned expedition that will provide the angler with sport and his or her companion with distraction from the endless hours of waiting or watching the closed, silent world of Izaak Walton's spiritual descendants.
''It's a bread-and-butter play for us.
Millions of our neighbors are without work.
But what if this particular Haitian had plenty of reason to fear persecution?
Gangsters want to shoot a big shot in public, so maybe they hire a 23-year-old for the job.
Volkswagen and the Lexington Insurance Company filed suit Thursday in Oakland County Circuit Court here against Du Pont and Union Carbide Corporation charging the acid gas escaped from a Du Pont railroad tank car with a defective valve on July 17, 1982.
Lieutenant McGee, a graduate of the United States Military Academy at West Point, N.Y., is stationed at Fort Rucker, Ala.
He said New Jersey and Rhode Island were waiting to see what New York did about the minimum, and he predicted they would soon act.
I call upon the Soviet Union today to reduce the tensions it has heaped on the world in the past few weeks and to show a firm commitment to peace by coming to the bargaining table with a new understanding of its obligations.
Combine the vinegar, sugar, mustard and salt.
The Federal Aviation Administration issued an emergency order yesterday halting for safety reasons the flights of Guy-America Airways, which has primarily been operating jets between New York and Guyana.
Webster contended that he had been denied due process when the track continued to bar him after the New Jersey Racing Commission restored his license last weekend.
The Bethlehem Steel Corporation announced that it would cut back operations at two of its plants, reducing its capacity by 15 percent and eliminating 10,000 jobs.
Many listeners will concentrate on the babble of electronically altered voices and synthesizers rather than on the remarkable rhythmic sleight-of-hand.
Now Miss Feng, who is 34 years old, has a doting husband who kids her gently about not yet producing their first child.
Inside, on page 3 following a totally blank page 2 is the picture of a bottle of Baileys atop a case with the line, ''Introducing a million and one.''
The poll was conducted for The Philadelphia Inquirer and WCAU-TV.
The first set was marked by spectacular rallies and all-but-impossible retrievals.
Goals of the Program Since the 1930's, the Government's farm policy has been aimed at protecting the American farmer's income from the vicissitudes of the weather, his own inclination to plant more and low market prices.
It's nice to pitch well and know you've pitched a one-hitter.
In Japan, however, no one who was questioned saw this as a problem.
But there is no Billy Olson in Brazil, and with no American boycott to hold him back, Hintnaus has now decided to exercise the option he rejected in 1980.
DENVER (USFL) - Gary Coleman, safety, left the team.
I could see him around the corner, going into his room.
Museum admission: $3; under-16's and over-65's, $1; students, $2.
The possibility of failure looms at every turn.
''But we've come to rely on Smitty and the power play in the playoffs,'' Bourne added.
People's tolerance for dirt often changes with their emotional state, said Dr. G. Terence Wilson, also of Rutgers.
Tri-State currently has no operations, and only nominal assets.
Bushes are medium-sized, easily trained to shrub form which makes them manageable, easy to prune and pick.
Minority representation is an area that Democrats have been examining as a possible issue for a court challenge.
I was under the impression that the people of this class made possible reasonably comfortable lodgings in Somerset with good food, good wine and the company of people able to understand a Bostonian accent.
Daisy begins growing up and becomes attached to the sophisticated Annabel (Claudia Cardinale), who has long been Stash's companion.
Some were not made or bought in great numbers.
Next Saturday there will be a Brahms program by the Slovenian Symphony Orchestra.
Sutton, in only his second year in professional golf, was in a white- knuckle situation.
By the time of the summer solstice, when the ceremonial Lighting of the Grills was past and the drone of the power mower was upon the land, one could observe flamingos posed on lawns and grazing in shrubbery in all their shocking - especially to the neighbors- pinkness.
A Spouse's Tenancy Rights Question: My husband and I have lived in the same apartment for 27 years.
Convertible people feel mighty cocky in July.
And so the scene in the Phillies' locker room, with Schmidt and Rose and Morgan explaining what did and did not happen, fades way.
The object of his spiel was a huge live snake, which dangled next to him from a rope and which he lifted now and then to emphasize a point.
The two legislators have more similarities than differences.
Buy the old and sell the new: That was the formula that Wall Street came up with at the start of trading in the new A.T.& T. and its spinoffs.
''There's a latent discontent, I think, that things aren't working out the way some people expected,'' said Larry Agran, the Mayor of this city of 70,000 people.
* Interface Systems Inc. filed for an offering of 300,000 units, each of which will consist of two common shares and one common stock purchase warrant.
Also today at the Alternative Museum at 8 P.M. there's a Christmas pageant of Southern Italian music and theater presented by I Giullari di Piazza, based on a 17th-century Neapolitan play.
Francis T. Bryant, the Rev.
JACQUES LACAN The Death of an Intellectual Hero.
Cuba, 1956: Guevara, now committed to revolutionary violence, is wounded in the bungled invasion, escapes to the Sierra Maestra, quoting Baudelaire and Yeats.
Two of the people were killed.
Elliot Magaziner completes the Philharmonic portrait by conducting the ''Candide'' overture by music director laureate Leonard Bernstein.
The Automatic Voting Machine Corporation of Jamestown, N.Y., and the Shoup Voting Machine Corporation of Bryn Mawr, Pa., are the principal competitors for any contract that might be awarded.
Harry R. Hughes of Maryland, upbraiding him for his support of the legislation.
The car slowed, but did not stop and went off the bridge.
Accordingly, Mr. Cohen made contact with Mr. Segal, and negotiations for the use of the theater commenced.
Michael Ray Richardson, a guard with the New Jersey Nets.
Mr. Learsy, a collector of contemporary art, said it was a fallacy to believe that avant-garde art was the exclusive province of people on the political left.
A waiter told the police that one of the men abruptly announced they were in too much of a hurry to eat.
He described the subcommittee's investigation of the E.P.A.
We responded to these violations of the act by continuing to highlight the issue throughout the meetings.
''You can't fight every one of these things,'' he said.
The academy's experts found an excess of leukemia only among the participants in Shot Smoky, not among the veterans of the other 29 tests.
The old mill has become a tourist attraction, and some of the land is now ponds for growing freshwater shrimp.
Perhaps that museum would have room for reminiscences like these: Luis Olmo, one of the first Puerto Rican players in baseball, now an official with the telephone company in San Juan: ''I batted .313 in 1945, and I was making $6,000.
d-After a gain of $660,000 from thesale of assets and a gain of $260,000from debt restructuring.
Grease a 12-inch pizza pan with oil.
Cosell Explains Remark By The Associated Press Howard Cosell, the sports broadcaster, said Tuesday that his on-the- air reference to the Washington Redskins' Alvin Garrett as ''that little monkey'' was ''not remotely connected to racism'' and said his record on behalf of black athletes ''is a matter of public record.''
Eisenhower sought the advice of scientists but not of his military colleagues when he decided to launch the Normandy invasion, and he discerned, before most of his field and staff commanders did, the dangers and opportunities presented by the German offensive into the Ardennes (the Battle of the Bulge) in December 1944.
(Rabbi) AARON M. BRAFMAN Derech Ayson Rabbinical Seminary Far Rockaway, N.Y., Feb. 8, 1983
By the same token, we don't consider it equitable that one school would have top-of-the-top line services and another has less.
In his stead, his father, Dr. Marco Clayton, a physician, sits quietly in court here taking notes on a yellow legal pad.
In a gymnasium, 40 women were exercising in a ''slimnastics'' class, while in another gym, about two dozen men were participating in a Recreation Department volleyball game, according to Doris Stevens, an education counselor with the Adult Education Program.
Mr. Schultz was said to have been furious over recommendations last month by an interagency export policy group that controls on exports to the Soviet Union be tightened.
''Our sales are at or above our expected levels,'' said Gerald Good, president of Super Fresh Super Markets.
''At the present time, I just want to be remembered by the voters,'' he said.
''This proposal aims to increase minority representation.''
For instance, one idea under consideration for a course on the great works of literature calls for reversing the chronology in order to capture the interest of the students at the outset.
Yesterday, Hercules said Mr. Giacco would extend his tenure until January 1987.
''We were doing so much road work in those days, we couldn't really go out and demonstrate,'' Mr. Cash recalled.
Candidates for the Peace Prize are nominated by members of parliament, previous Nobel laureates, and some scholars, as well as the five members of the Nobel selection committee, itself chosen by the Norwegian Parliament.
Houston's immensely rich Carolyn Farb rushed by, hunting ''my Texas contingency.''
''They know that something is happening to the ponds.
Local, state and Federal officials have tried since last fall to help resolve the conflict.
The charges, which United States intelligence officials say are unconfirmed by evidence available to them, focus on the theory that Bulgarian authorities might have operated with the consent of the Soviet Union.
The premium on the conversion to common shares was put at 15.8 percent and the conversion price was set at $5.50 a share, the source said.
Speaker of the House Thomas P. O'Neill Jr. proposed that the tax cut due to take effect July 1 be limited to $700 for each taxpayer.
He said Federal scientists had worked for 14 months trying to help the scientists in the New Iberia laboratory improve their research, but that ''as soon as we corrected one problem, another would pop out.''
I came in today to soft-toss and limber up a little bit.
Indeed, there's such a wave of false papers that some people now suggest surrendering to the illegal tide.
But, alas, the glories of going to California aren't to be for every team member.
Should the theater be completely remodeled?
Other Trials in State At the time Mr. Blanton and his associates were on trial for fraud and extortion, his brother and an uncle charged in a road construction kickback scheme were on trial in the same courthouse in Nashville.
So many dyslexics expend so much energy hiding their learning problems because they're embarrassed.
On takeoff every indication on the recording was that the flight engineer was doing the flying.
That ruling left him free to appeal his conviction on a number of other grounds, primarily involving the trial judge's exclusion of incriminating statements attributed to a mysterious woman in a floppy hat who Dr. MacDonald had said was one of the four ''hippies'' who invaded his house and committed the murders.
He completed 54 holes in 204, nine under par for the 6,650-yard Harbour Town Golf Links.
'Didn't Have That Zip ''We just didn't have that zip,'' said Marvin Webster.
An Indication of Impatience The Court's action today is the latest indication of the majority's growing impatience with efforts by death row inmates and their lawyers to avoid or at least delay executions.
''We all know they mean to x the box if you have a refund coming.
Neil reported to training camp at 265 pounds, but lost 10 pounds and now is considered too light for tackle.
It also has a tiny two-story wing next to Amster Yard whose facade of white stone and brown brick perfectly matches the yard's front buildings.
Peregrine falcons' near disappearance from the Eastern Seaboard in the late 1950's was attributed chiefly to DDT.
''This is going to go on forever.''
''The Knicks have been playing well,'' said Dick Motta, the coach of the Mavericks.
''He's allowed to do whatever he can.''
And in the United States, the public clamor about the treasures of the boy-king Tutankhamen built to fever pitch.
La Salle (18-13), champion of the East Coast Conference, defeated Boston University (21-10), the E.C.A.C.
This approach helped the state make the transition away from an agrarian economy.
Some existing mutual funds, too, have rolled out the welcome mat for Telephone's holders.
This Administration still has not grown up, and at this point probably never will.
This stand appears to leave the way open for an agreement with the United States, if some concession can be obtained to satisfy the militant left wing of the Socialist Party.
Daniel Brodsky said that addressing the residents' concerns ''worked to our advantage because it helped make the building more attractive, which of course enhances its value.''
It was a wonderful experience.''
Smith was beaten cleanly on the next goal, only 51 seconds after Gare's score.
The boat schedule is somewhat unreliable but for those unable to find a spot on one of the small airlines such as Inter-Island Air, which serves some of the islands, it's a problem solver.
The book will be published on March 15.
Regulation at least is not increasing.
The other reason the pure-dance neo-classical ballet may be in danger is that it is, frankly, a very difficult genre in which to work.
QUESTION: When was the last fight held in the old Madison Square Garden, and who won?
He was one of 240 patients to participate in the special program organized in 1981 for those with severe pain who also have significant neurological or psychiatric problems associated with their cancer.
These days, many people work for huge, impersonal companies.
Greschner tumbled over him, losing his helmet, but meanwhile the puck squirted loose.
Federal Protest: The National Treasury Employees Union will stage a demonstration outside the CBS News building, protesting a broadcast Feb. ll in which a reporter, after noting that Federal workers were sent home at noon because of the blizzard, added that this was not an unusual Friday practice for Government employes.
''The day that boy died in Yonkers, there were probably four or five kids across the country killed in automobile accidents,'' said Alton B. Doyle, executive director of the New York State Public High School Athletic Association.
The Administration must make its certification decision by Jan. 28.
Miss Wellington was born in the city but went to California at age 1 and grew up ''thinking it was so romantic to be a New Yorker.''
With clappers and the steel framework that supports the bells, the total weight is more than 500,000 pounds.
The Freeport nursing home has good neighbors.
Some loss of readership might be reversed by changes in editorial content.
''Literary manager,'' then, is how Mr. Rembach is listed among the Hartman's staff, which he joined last July.
''I tried it once,'' Fabi said.
Work carefully to avoid loosening any of the adjacent tiles with the chisel.
Educational programs include Juggles' Butterfly and Bumble Games from The Learning Company, and Turtle Power, an introduction to the LOGO language which is popular with children.
Walton was unhappy over the Jets' inability to halt Seattle's running game last Sunday, when the Seahawks gained 196 yards on 57 rushes on their way to a 17-10 victory at Shea Stadium.
No doubt the clip-clop of trotters and pacers training on the track will drift into the Brink's trial during quiet moments in the courtroom.
During an interview with Mr. Van Dyk, his card file was open to Warren Beatty's name with several phone numbers in New York and Los Angeles.
In the clean and jerk, Terziisky lifted a record 145.5 kilograms in the jerk and then improved the mark to 150.
As the Mayor droned through his text, only the slightest twinkle in his eyes betrayed that he knew - as did his listeners - that prominent among ''some people'' were his hosts.
The experimental options generally call for the payment of a flat monthly fee in exchange for lower long-distance rates.
That hardly seemed important, since the 76ers were finishing one of the most successful seasons in N.B.A.
''People are saying we're the surprise team of the league,'' he added, ''but we're not surprised.
Knox had a record of 57-20-1 in five seasons with the Rams, then left them after the 1977 season to move to Buffalo.
Lloyd Williams, president of the Uptown Chamber of Commerce and a resident of the area of the 28th Precinct all of his 36 years, said: ''Brutality has to be taken away from the context of physical harm.
Anti-Western Sentiment In the years immediately preceding the 1969 coup, King Idris reacted quietly but firmly to sporadic resurgences of republican, anti-Western and Nasserite sentiment that threatened his rule.
''I am particularly excited about this concert,'' said Dorothy Beach, founder and director of the series, ''because I feel that bringing such promising young musicians before the public is perhaps the most valuable function we can fill as a presenting organization.''
In considering the general budget issue, the House-Senate conferees have to reconcile a House-passed proposal to raise revenues by $30 billion, and a Senate target of $9 billion.
When losses on the bank's consumer loans rose sharply in 1979 and 1980, Citicorp recouped by invading the mortgage business, traditionally the mainstay of the savings and savings-andloan banks.
The captain, another title you will hear, is equivalent to the president of an American club.- Dublin Ireland is a country that always makes me feel good (except when I try to make a long-distance phone call).
The three Windham fire departments got into the fray, asking the consolidated government for their annual appropriations, rather than returning to the Windham First Taxing District, where their funds had been coming from for three years.
Limited testing has led the Health Department's specialists to project that a person wearing such jewelry for 10 hours a day, one day a week, would absorb in one year the approximate amount of radiation set as the recommended limit for skin exposure for the general public.
He said he did not want to spend his career waiting for the Blue Jays to grow up.
It was to be the last drop on a day of skydiving for the close-knit group of skydivers.
The nothing - the Administration's proposal to forgo deployment of 572 cruises and Pershings in exchange for elimination of all Soviet medium-range missiles that could be targeted on Europe - has been rejected by Moscow.
The Biblical Zoo was established in 1939 to serve the research needs of the Hebrew University and to display animals, birds and reptiles mentioned in the Bible.
He said he supported the takeover but not the way it would be paid for.
Mr. Galveas said it was indispensable that Brazil reduce annual inflation from the current rate of 150 to 160 percent to 90 percent next year and to 55 to 60 percent in 1985.
''And for the last 50 years,'' says Mr. Baird, ''I've done nothing but puppets.''
Press down firmly on the rice to make it adhere.
Pargas said its board had terminated an agreement with Forstmann Little & Company for the acquisition of Pargas for $35 a share in cash.
In poll after poll, Japanese overwhelmingly say they suspect that, at the least, Mr. Tanaka may have bent a rule once or twice in his life.
The total, for horses killed and for nonexistent animals reported stolen, came to more than $150,000.
The basic problem here, as it has been for eight years of intermittent civil conflict, remains one of ethnic antagonism.
Young of Detroit said hunger was ''the most prevalent and the most insidious'' problem facing America's cities.
But this was a minority view.
guerrillas from Lebanon at the same time as Israeli and Syrian forces are supposed to leave.
People have received all this mail and they don't want to write voters back and say that they disagree with them.''
My experience of over 10 years of volunteer group counseling in state prisons convinces me that there are many nonviolent inmates who could be released at early dates within the safeguards of the parole system.
In opening the 74th annual convention of the National Association for the Advancement of Colored People here, the vice chairman said the organization could not afford to ''hang onto the so-called status quo'' and would move into a new era.
Baseball is a sport, but it is also perceived as part of the entertainment industry.
Nattress has 10 days to appeal the suspension.
The study made no mention of cable programming by itself.
For tonight's concert, the choristers will be accompanied by Huw Tregelles Williams at the cathedral organ in a program of Wagner, Mozart, Romberg, Grieg, Sullivan, Verdi and traditional Welsh choruses.
The park was, he continued, ''a magnificent domain containing hundreds of broad acres of hill and valley, cliff and copse, lake and lawn, and miles upon miles of winding drives and winning walks, all radiant in a magic atmosphere of art and taste.''
Her trip there this month appears to have hardened her resolve not to enter into negotiations with Argentina, and she told the House today, ''We have no option now except 'Fortress Falklands' if we are to continue, as I believe we should, to honor the wishes of the islanders.''
But 40 percent of households below the poverty line did not receive any of these benefits, it said.
The stage direction was by Joseph White, with scenery by Janice Davis and costumes by Barbara Soluri.
Richard Hess performed the ceremony at Old St. David's Episcopal Church in Wayne, Pa.
''He made his debut as a pianist in Helsinki.''
''I told Neil after the game that he'd been riding high all his life,'' Howard said, ''but his moment of truth was here.''
''He'll still live with me - I can't see leaving him at the theater.''
When scouting for stocks, Mr. Kildoyle eschews research material from brokerage houses.
They call it toasting in Jamaica and rapping in the United States.
- more Siberia than Ukraine - is transformed at times.
He flew to Costa Rica, was driven for five hours to the border, then made a 45- minute boat trip to meet the forces led by Eden Pastora Gomez, the former Sandinista hero known as Commander Zero.
Make won ton filling: Combine all ingredients except last 4 in large mixing bowl.
On Saturday night, on the bleak dockside at Larnaca, there was no one to wave farewell to the Lebanese returning home.
They claim within six hours they can teach anybody.''
Rick Reuschel, who is returning from two shoulder operations, has developed stiffness in the shoulder and will not be able to throw for a few days.
''It's got to be self- policing.
The factories at Rouen, Strasbourg and Niderviller became famous for their magnificent faiences (rather than porcelain) of great variety in shape and decoration.
And daily use of marijuana among high-school seniors declined for the fourth successive year, from 10.7 percent in 1978 to 6.3 percent in 1982.
Cook 'Can't Find' His Role Cook hit but one of seven shots tonight.
He turned down an offer of another position at The Washington Post Company, Newsweek's parent, according to the spokesman.
''And it feels real good,'' said Kenneth Olshan, chairman of W.R.G./ Worldwide, which since Aug. 1 has been working on advertising for a number of computer/video-related products for the education of preschoolers and slightly older kids, advertising that has not yet appeared.
Economic growth in the end of 1982 was reported to have been less weak than first thought, and even after an adjustment in the way the Consumer Price Index is calculated, to reflect most people's housing costs more accurately, January showed a tiny 0.2 percent increase.
Bayer's New Chief Breaks Tradition Bayer A.G. of Leverkusen, West Germany, last week appointed a chief executive who, for the first time in the huge chemical group's 120-year history, is neither a scientist nor even a college graduate.
''It would be a real tragedy,'' agrees Robert E. Nederlander, president of the rival Nederlander Organization, which owns or operates 10 Broadway theaters.
''There's a whole view of what constitutes 'the successful conference,' '' said Mr. Finn, dallying sarcastically over the last three words.
In one of several identical cubicles, lined floor and wall with new beige carpeting, Cynthia Jeu, an economics student in an oversized dark blue New York University sweatshirt, sat listening as Juan Reyes, an employment counselor, spoke softly with her about preparing to seek a job.
As an intelligence officer, the diplomats say, Mr. Tin Oo had extensive files on his rivals and had a network of proteges in the army and Government.
And Monday night it will return to Sweet Basil where it will play regularly every Monday night from now on.
''I had wanted to shoot a montage of the burning-cafeteria sequence but I still hadn't thought it out, when we heard the noise outside, about 2 A.M.,'' Mr. Nowak said.
As we are not allowed to handle the pots, we take Mr. Scully's word for it that ''unlike Greek pots, they do not normally ring sharp and metallic.''
With the Federals, he was an informal coach, until suddenly, Joe Walton, who had coached Hammond with the Redskins, called with the offer of a job.
Qtr to March 31 1983 1982 Net inc 12,014,000 10,545,000 Per share 1.06 .99
Mr. Dobson was overcome in his attempt and was saved by Mr. Dyck.
Corporate managers should handle personnel problems , some experts say.
The 90-percent decline in sulfur dioxide, Dr. Esposito said, suggested that a major volcanic eruption had occurred just before Pioneer's arrival and the gaseous debris was settling out of the atmosphere.
Adrian Branch dunked the ball off the opening tap to give the Terrapins a lead they never relinquished.
Robert J. Kutak, an Omaha lawyer who took a leading role in efforts to redefine the ethical obligations of the bar, died in Minneapolis Sunday after a heart attack.
In the United States, on the other hand, it is very difficult to meet the local citizenry.
Are Miss Hollander and the designers mentioned in the article dressing the women of our nation in preparation for a nuclear holocaust?
While many former Bell Telephone subsidiaries have instituted limits on thirdnumber billings from coin phones, Mr. Gomez said that Southern New England believes it is the first in the country to extend the practice to residential phones as well.
The partly sealed surface will keep the stain from soaking in unevenly, resulting in much more uniform coloring.
In 1947, fresh out of the Army, George Ferguson took a civil service test and got an appointment as a messenger in the General Accounting Office, making the respectable salary of $1,800 a year.
The bombing brought renewed charges that Irish-Americans were supplying financial help to the I.R.A.
''We are going to have to pay for more protection for them and for ourselves.
Mr. Hobson is a clean precise pianist with a sure technique and unfailingly musical instincts.
His organ is ''a gem!''
The Americans are much more informal.
''I like to figure out situations,'' Ripken related.
Morgan McCammon, Molson's chairman, said the brewery had lost about $10 million on the team since acquiring ownership three years ago when the team moved from Philadelphia.
Ten years ago we came into this town drawing under a million.
Wayne Lukas, who trained Terlingua, purchased her sister for Gene Klein, the owner of the San Diego Chargers.
In prospect, it is hard to see how, considering the offhand manner in which he approaches most music and the self-defeating attitudes of his orchestra.
Now Brcic's patience seems to be paying off.
Initial reactions of trading partners were guarded.
Is management too highly paid?
In a letter to the chief executive officers of the two companies involved in today's agreement, Industry Minister Laurent Fabius said that an exchange of assets should ''clearly result in plans for increased exports, especially in the field of telecommunications equipment, toward other industrialized countries.''
Phillip F. Torchio, an entomologist with the Research Service in Logan, Utah, has found that the wild blue orchard bee, Osmia lignaria propinqua, gathers little nectar but concentrates on collecting pollen from a variety of blooms.
Committee Mood Hinted Just before today's vote, the chairman, Betty Brake, signaled the tone of the committee, saying, ''Anything so controversial cannot further the interest of the campaign.''
Williams, with three assists and three steals, ran the club well, and the Knicks led, 32-28, after the first quarter.
Other late dollar rates compared with Wednesday included: 2.6255 marks, up from 2.6210; 2.1205 Swiss francs, up from 2.1135; 7.8845 French francs, a record closing high, up from 7.8790; 2.9335 Dutch guilders, up from 2.9305; 1,555 lire, a record high, up from 1,553.75, and 1.23175 Canadian dollars, down from 1.23225.
It was a day for chrysanthemums upon the waters.
2 2 33 MEGATRENDS, by John Naisbitt.
Generally a Clean Fight Referee Stanley Christodoulou of South Africa warned Duran a few times for low blows, but basically this was a very clean fight.
His eyebrows were almost scraped away in 133 professional bouts in 20 years against the very best, replaced in part by a network of scars that resemble an aerial view of a train yard.
Leora Dana Clifford Sanders .
Its anti-inflation policies had brought on the recession, and its loosening of monetary policy in mid-1982 had set the groundwork for the recovery.
To say there is no psychological depth in the characters is putting it mildly.
It's expensive for me to come here, but this is important for my soul.''
When publishers lose money on the first book, there's no guarantee they'll have a chance to publish another because all they have is an option clause that anybody with a little imagination can get out of.''
Her coloratura seemed in need of oiling, however, especially in the highest areas, where suggestions of a tired voice could be heard.
It was Ewing again, however, who spoiled the Wildcats' chances, scoring 6 of the game's next 8 points as Georgetown increased its lead to 72-53.
''When we landed I overheard the flight attendant say 'Jump,' '' he said.
''But to him, that's relaxation.
Profits are projected to reach $4.00 a share in the calendar year 1983 and $4.65 a share next year.
Most of what goes on has to do with animals.
The land, Mr. Tharp said, would not be suitable for farming.
I told him that to keep peace and harmony in the league, I would pay him $100,000 if we were to reach agreement on a contract with Albeck.
''It has given that area a foundation that will last for decades.''
Several weeks ago, Ray Mancini was at ringside in Atlantic City when Kenny Bogner, a Trenton lightweight, outpointed Gonzalo Montellano of Los Angeles in a unanimous 10-round decision.
The second of two South Korean children brought to the United States for open-heart surgery was operated on yesterday at St. Francis Hospital in Roslyn, L.I.
Four priests who are under investigation by the judicial authorities may also face charges of slandering the state and spreading false information.
The wind gusted to more than 80 m.p.h.
My mother will never know how close she came to losing her house to a table.''
Mr. MacEachen said Canada's willingness to allow testing of cruise missiles might hinge on American flexibility at the negotiating table.
''Instead of interpreting crying as meaning 'He's a rotten kid' or 'I'm a lousy mother,' '' Dr. Egeland said, ''the nonabusive mother realizes that crying means the child is 'unhappy about something and I'd better find out what it is and do something about it.'
The rest of the eight college presidents are Donald W. Wilson of Southampton College, Walter Hartung of the Academy of Aeronautics, Matthew Schure of the New York Institute of Technology, Sister Janet Fitzgerald of Molloy College and Edward J. Cook of the C.W.
Inmates Restricted to Cells The entire prison remains ''locked down,'' meaning the inmates are fed in their cells where they remain during the regular recreational and program periods.
Speaker Thomas P. O'Neill Jr., Democrat of Massachusetts, called it ''a conscience vote'' that ''doesn't mean that much'' in terms of future House votes on nuclear weaponry.
The Justices set off a national debate last year by ordering special arguments on whether to create a ''good faith'' exception to this exclusionary rule.
Baseball leads all other sports, with such fare as this: Baltimore chop, beanball, can of corn (a lazy, high fly ball), cup of coffee (a very brief stay as a player in the major leagues), forkball, grapefruit league, jam the hitter, nightcap, pepper game and slab (the pitcher's rubber).
In its announcement, the state said it would take more samples next year to come up with better figures.
''If they want to bleat their horns and bloat their chests, fine.
On the possibility that the attacker might have attended the school some years ago, the assistant principal looked through past student yearbooks and also went through the Bronx Detective Area's extensive photograph files - ''mug'' shots - of known sex offenders.
The detective called them back early this week and advised them to come to Jacksonville, where Mr. Toole reportedly confessed.
It entered the steel business in 1949 with the assistance of the General Motors Corporation, which wanted another local steel supplier.
Mr. Torme treated it appropriately as a clever pop-jazz anachronism.
Jack Nicklaus stood on the back of the treacherous second green at the Oakmont Country Club and dropped a golf ball from waist high to the putting surface.
There has been no legal precedent in New York, lawyers say, for barring a person because she or he is a food critic.
But an important part of that extended-benefits program is scheduled to expire at the end of March.
Detective Pastore told the man that he accepted all deliveries for the chairman, but the man insisted he had to see Mr. Ravitch personally.
Ted Nathanson, the coordinating producer and director, offered some interesting isolated-camera replays of both players.
In negotiations with the Governor - or in past years, without him - the Legislature passes a budget restoring the aid to wealthy districts.
The rally in the bond market earlier this week helped spark a flurry of corporate financings, as underwriters offered at least 10 issues of notes and bonds totaling $1.04 billion.
For the last eight years, amid numerous other musical activities, he has held together, on a sporadic basis, both a 13-piece band - the Loud Minority - and a smaller unit -Living Color.
Their ability and height, combined with Van Allen's hard-work ethic, have made the Dukes runaway winners in virtually every contest except in the games against Wyandanch.
But I don't think that's a fatal flaw.
Often, the result is tragedy.
On a day filled with rumors and predictions that Martin's dismissal was imminent, Steinbrenner said that the Yankees and the American League both were investigating the most recent conflict involving the 55-year-old manager.
The National Transportation Safety Board called on the Federal Railroad Administration today to issue rules and penalties immediately to curb drinking among train crews.
Addressing the Problems Mr. Lipper, who became the Deputy Mayor for Finance and Economic Development last Jan. 1, said he was concerned about the Department of Investigation report, which the Mayor released only after reporters obtained it from other sources.
Mr. Kolano attributed the delay to higher priorities in the state laboratory.
This film is rated PG.
Advantage to Nigeria Nigeria's cut put its Bonny Light at $30 a barrel.
The six companies are subsidiaries of General Motors, Ford, Chrysler, Volkswagen, Renault-American Motors and Datsun.
''And the invasion by Somosista forces had cost the Government about $58 million in damages and additional purchases through April.''
There had been contract problems with the Knicks, and his playing time had been cut.
Fridays at 10 P.M.; Saturdays, 9:30 P.M. and midnight.
Hours: Lunch, Monday through Friday, 11:30 A.M. to 3 P.M. Dinner, Monday through Friday, 3 P.M. to 11 P.M.; Saturday, 4 P.M. to 11 P.M.; Sunday, 3 P.M. to 9 P.M. Reservations: Recommended.
Yesterday's round was rained out and two rounds are scheduled tomorrow.
Who wants to live in a climate like this unless he has to?''
The ''star'' criminal, one Glenn Griffin, has staked out this typical suburban house in Indianapolis, with its kid's bicycle on the manicured lawn, because it represents the attainment of the middle-class status he despises.
I carry work with me on the planes, but I make sure I'm finished work before I see Bob.''
The platters are beautifully garnished.
However, Bert Bernardi's amusing impersonation of Jimmy Durante is a big plus.
George E. Banks, a former prison guard, was convicted of first-degree murder today in the slayings of 12 people, including his five children and their four mothers, in a wild rampage of rifle fire last Sept. 25.
As with Mr. Roy, Miss Miller's looks are so appropriate to the play's dialogue that they often cover a multitude of acting flaws.
Indubitably an effective scene, if effectivness be measured by one's desire to turn away from it.
To the Editor: Donald M. Kendall of Pepsico argues that we should give Moscow more carrots in the hope of tempering the geopolitical behavior of Soviet leaders and getting the detente show back on the road (Op-Ed Feb. 9).
Mr. Gibb, who founded the Bee Gees with his brothers Robin and Maurice, was talking about the last several months of their lives, and particularly about being found guilty in a copyright infringement suit by a Chicago jury on Feb. 23.
While some of the students were simply playing hookey, many had problems requiring professional counseling, such as child abuse victims and pregnant girls ashamed to be seen in school.
Rate for Adult Men Steady Construction employment rose by 50,000 workers and employment among service workers rose 100,000.
Angelo Petrone had been athletic director and Peter Duggan had been the coach at the school at the time of Mr. Guedes's death.
To reduce their taxes, banks frequently sell low-yielding securities at a loss and replace them with higher-yielding securities, which eventually earn back the amount lost.
Sightseeing The best way to get a sense of Ottawa is to join in the active human flow and visit the highlights on foot, bicycle or canoe.
As Keynes saw clearly in his special introduction to the German edition of the ''General Theory'' in September 1936, German economists should have been ''hungry and thirsty'' for the theories which justified what they were already practicing.
The backcourt may be one of the slowest in the league.
The Soviet all-star team completed its sixgame trip through the National Hockey League tonight by defeating the Philadelphia Flyers, 5-1, at the Spectrum.
Huddy, a defenseman, sneaked around those two and Gretzky hit him with a pass near the right post, which Huddy scooped into the net.
The average additional tax for a person earning $50,000 to $100,000 a year would be $345 while for a worker earning $10,000 to $15,000 it would be $153, according to a table prepared by the Administration.
Or will you settle, as usual, for a few really good nights?
But so have the members of the league.
The strikers continued to picket, and the union said the walkout would continue until the terms of the tentative settlement, reached Saturday night, have been ratified by its members, probably not before Dec. 20.
''This is like a double whammy,'' said Representative Pauline R. Kezer, Republican of Plainville, who noted that the 3-cent-a-gallon increase in the state gasoline tax would come on the same day that the Federal gasoline tax increases by 5 cents.
He chipped to three feet and sank the putt for a winning birdie that squared the match.
And, above all, it is olfactory.
It is not known how long Mrs. Thatcher will stay in the Falklands, although British newspapers have suggested that she may remain for a week.
The separation of long-distance and local phone operations will end the system of using long-distance revenue to subsidize local service and keep down local costs.
The club has offered a number of the 17 Vietnam titles published by Presidio Press.
More than one Administration policy was inspired by anecdotes, they said.
There is plenty of intensity, too, but it is not obtained by the martial pressing that seems too common with American quartets.
Only one hospice of the estimated 1,200 hospice organizations in the United States said the Government had approved its application to participate in the program by Tuesday, the first day of the program.
He denies the charges, but city officials say the dispute is headed for the courts.
The Israel radio said President Chaim Herzog would name him to succeed Prime Minister Menachem Begin on Wednesday.
''If the sightings are confirmed, we would have a little over 100 people still missing.''
Education Plan Published A preliminary school plan was made public last December and a final version was published in October.
Series of Consequences Argentina needs the money most immediately to honor a $350 million payment due next Monday on a $1.1 billion bridge loan made earlier this year.
He said he believed he was close to having enough votes on the Banking Committee to block the proposal.
Then Faulkner, Dawkins & Sullivan in 1977.
''For us this is not a matter of a political or a propaganda game,'' he said.
Mr. Derwinski, who was the first Republican loser of 1982 when he was defeated in a March primary, is at the State Department in a trouble-shooting job with the title of counselor.
The Pasquels' dream of importing the very best began in 1942, as the Cardinals edged Brooklyn for the pennant then beat the Yankees four games to one in the World Series.
In doing so, however, he had to accept a restriction on Presidential prerogatives in foreign policy, something Presidents traditionally have resisted.
But there seems no doubt that R.C.I.
The officers then placed the man in a police car, touching off even more opposition.
Mr. Manchester, in fact, is especially fond of the long panoramic shot that gives us a broad, if somewhat simplified, sense of what daily life was like in Churchill's day.
Indoors: A shutter speed of 1/30 second is about the slowest one can use while hand-holding the camera and still hope to avoid blur (and that's only with wide-angle or ''normal'' 50- millimeter lenses).
39 in E flat major with Frederic Waldman conducting.
''We stopped them in the last quarter with our defense,'' Sparrow said.
''I don't know where to start,'' Gloria Hicks said.
A barnstorming Negro all-star team in California, for instance, was regularly beating a touring major-league team.
It was the first joint appearance by all seven and was hailed by one of the candidates, Reubin Askew, the former Florida Governor, as ''the single, most constructive thing that has happened in the whole effort so far.''
The technical staff of the N.R.C.
There is no such Person.'
That's the lesson of the Constitution a President should be preaching.
Keeping People in Community ''The older aged are the ones that require more support and services,'' he said, ''and that demand will increase.
Elements Transcend Baseball ''You never know,'' he replied.
The Martlet Importing Company of Great Neck, L.I., a wholly owned subsidiary of Molson Breweries of Canada, confirmed yesterday that it is seeking a second agency in the United States to augment the work of Rumrill-Hoyt, a subsidiary of Compton Advertising and its agency for about 17 years.
''My dream is to hit the lottery and fill the whole yard up,'' Mr. Di Martino said the other day.
12:15 P.M., Woman's National Democratic Club.
Rather, the inefficiency lies in the cost of producing the crops.
Celebrations continue until the traditional Twelfth Night or January 6th, the Feast of Epiphany.
The organization was established by Irving M. Selis, founder of Associated Blind Inc., which he said raises money to provide services to Selis Manor.
The rates are lower than those offered by companies specializing in the service.
Two months ago, Mr. Weinberg, a 70-year-old retired man living in Hollywood, Fla., was the proud owner of a $100,000 United States Treasury bearer bond, purchased with most of his life's savings and guaranteed to return an annual income of $8,000 payable to the bearer.
Current monetary policies are generally consistent with this approach.
A House Appropriations subcommittee, meanwhile, has asked the Administration to defer any new money for El Salvador until the committee meets after the Easter recess, and the State Department has agreed.
''Polarization works to his advantage.''
Mr. Valis said his notes were ''based on a Carter debate staff brain-storming session'' and that he had obtained them ''from a source intimately connected to a Carter debate staff member.''
This pays for about 4,800 full-time lawyers in legal aid offices around the country.
Tim Mazzetti, the second-leading scorer in Atlanta Falcons' history with 233 points from 1978 to 1981, has signed as a place-kicker with the Boston Breakers of the United States Football League.
Some operas just don't lend themselves to workshop performance conditions, and ''A Midsummer Night's Dream'' is definitely one of them.
Recently, she received a letter in Polish signed by Mr. Walesa, A translation by a friend of hers began as follows: ''I will show and dedicate this newspaper to all my brothers in prison.
We expect to be able to make a more specific statement on Thursday.''
Across town, where a neighborhood of poor Hispanic people, blacks and whites has been isolated by freeways, the Westside Housing Organization, which builds and repairs housing, has made a deal in which it will receive part of the profits from a high-rise, luxury condominium that a private developer plans to erect on a hill at the edge of the neighborhood.
An associate, Allen Wardwell, who succeeded Mr. Washburn as director of the Asia Society Gallery in 1974, quoted Mr. Washburn's son, Derek, as having said that his father was suffering from Parkinson's disease.
Continuous searches by United States, Japanese and South Korean ships have concentrated on the northern Sea of Japan, but the latest findings suggested wreckage was flung across a wide area.
Shortly after the Council meeting, the State Attorney General's office announced it had won a ruling in State Supreme Court against the New York State District Attorney Investigators Police Benevolent Association, a private concern.
What they have turned up are a few ill-considered statements by lawyers rallying a defense against the Reagan Administration's assault on the corporation.
He said France could never accept any division of Lebanon into ''Russian-Syrian'' and ''American-Israeli'' spheres of influence, and he called on the Lebanese to ''unify themselves'' around their President.
Critics said that the Government had overreacted, that its case was thin and that thousands of decent and loyal citizens had been tainted only because they were active in disarmament activity.
(202-293-2100), starts at $145, with one-bedroom suites ranging from $275 to $475.
In fact, the cost rose to $2.1 billion in 1982 from $1.9 billion in 1981.
Company Diversifying Historically, the company has made most of its money from its New York and Chicago newspapers, but recently it has branched out into broadcast and cable television operations.
The Nebraska offense is more experienced with the power of the three all-America candidates.
One of the populations her company's community program reaches out to is ''older adults,'' as the program puts it.
For the 10-day period, Ford's sales were up 33.3 percent, General Motors' rose 9.9 percent and Chrysler's fell 13.1 percent.
Bracken Exploration advanced 1 1/4, to 4 1/4, after Hadson Petroleum agreed to acquire Bracken.
1825:16 805 - I have already switched it on.
Mr. Gromyko was said to have merely nodded, saying nothing.
That year, Hourless finished first for August Belmont 2d, the man who built Belmont Park and named it for his father, August 1st.
They are feeding some black people a pie-in-the-sky dream and that may be fine for a while when you've got so much unemployment.
A Burst of Interest The issue is attracting high-powered attention.
They are a reminder of how long the burden of gross injustice weighs, how hard it is to wipe away the stain of conscienceless evil.
Senior officers in the Pengagon and some State Department officials said they believed that, at the moment, the military resources would suffice.
He confirmed that he would go the primary route again as he left the stage: ''I will appeal again to those who supported me in this race.''
Good Hands Class: For youngsters riding a saddlehorse.
Mr. Soares views the ''25th of April Association'' as an attempt to move in on the civilian Government through the armed forces.
The authors ''attempt to summarize nearly everything important that the new physics has to say about the creation and evolution of the universe, and to do so in simple, nontechnical language.''
President Reagan's Commission on Drunk Driving has called for a nationwide minimum drinking age of 21.
Serve with cream of chicken sauce.
So were displays of authority.
The colleges have not only begun major efforts to reduce the consumption of alcohol by students, but also to provide help for those with drinking problems.
It was the Bengals third straight loss.
''We made a mistake by becoming involved,'' he said the other day.
The study also concluded that ''performance to date would indicate that lower maintenance costs will be incurred.''
Two years later, he won the airline's highest commendation for writing a detailed manual that codified many of the carrier's procedures and provided instructions on selling techniques.
All the other young men had been taken prisoner or were with the Free French, and the old men might fall asleep and let the horses wander off.
''In the past several years,'' he said, ''we have been in the forefront of maintaining the Shaker presence in the area more so than the Shakers.
Meantime, the measuring is being done at La Guardia.
But Southerners fought a war for constitutional rights, among other things, and as a result, we learned the hard way to live and let live.
Silvertone,'' and the famed tenor saxophonist Chu Berry once said that Mr. Martin was his favorite musician on the instrument.
He has neither superior information nor seasoned judgment.
It's not possible to shoot such a film entirely from a fixed position in a middle distance, something equivalent to a seat in the auditorium of a legitimate theater.
''Now, she wears a hearing aid and speaks very well.''
Letters for publication should include the writer's name, address and telephone number and should be addressed to The Editor, Travel Section, The New York Times, 229 West 43d Street, New York, N.Y. 10036.
The painting and silver- leaf work in the lobbies and restaurants of the Waldorf-Astoria were Rambusch commissions.
''I could see it from my living room window,'' said Tere Casey, one of 119 Briarcliff residents who protested the project at a recent Board meeting.
The association asked the fair's 3,000 visitors to taste and vote for their favorite among 40 American beers, from small and large breweries.
''Yet despite our fund's recognition nationally,'' he added, ''few people in Oregon understand the success we have had.
As a result, the market is expecting the exceptionally heavy rate of movement of live animals to market to continue.
At Bloomin' Babies, 844 Lexington Avenue.
Sears believed in traveling light.
Third-seeded John Alexander and unseeded Brad Drewett won their matches today to set up an all-Australian men's singles final Sunday in the $125,000 Mutual Benefit Life Open.
Whether these pieces were ever performed during his lifetime is not known.
(Subscribers who didn't wish to see ''Steaming'' were given an alternate choice: a new musical version of ''A Christmas Carol,'' a nonsubscription attraction, which was not nearly as popular.)
LONG with their desire to strike the right emotional cord, the owners of the apartment had practical needs.
It is left to historians to reflect on Mr. Sharon's larger responsibility for taking Israel into the war that unleashed today's bitter debate.
The steelworkers will take an immediate pay cut of $1.25 an hour, sacrifice some cost-of-living raises and yield some vacation time.
Handicappers regard the outcome as a virtual tossup, but House passage would seem to make Senate approval, where the committee vote was 13-7, quite likely.
''The Complete Handbook of Personal Computer Communications,'' by Alfred Glossbrenner (St. Martin's Press, $14.95), and ''The Small Computer Connection,'' by Neil L. Shapiro (Micro Text/ McGraw-Hill, $15.95), are both readable basic introductions to the field for first-timers at the computer keyboard, who might consider purchasing them as companion volumes, albeit somewhat overlapping ones.
Twice he was sacked when the left tackle Chris Ward's opponent, Kim Bokamper, charged in.
'Ordered Growth Pattern' On monetary policy, Mr. Volcker said that once the distortions in the money supply figures had been worked out, ''We have to return to an ordered growth pattern.''
If Washington genuinely wants to contribute to stability in the region, it should use its influence with Pretoria to restrain it from exporting the conflict it has imposed on the people of South Africa.
Because those paying more than their share of costs were not prevented from finding alternatives.
He hits the ball a ton and he's developed into a good golfer.
He also said he would like to introduce a money management account, similar to Merrill Lynch & Company's popular CMA program, for the brokers.
Lessons to be learned from well-run American corporations.
The population, down from its 3.6 million peak in 1960, has become 40 percent black and 14 percent Hispanic, with one out of five Chicagoans living in poverty.
Luis DeLeon came on in relief to strike out George Foster on a 3-and-2 screwball for the final out.
There will also be a gala concert on the actual 100th birthday of the Met, Oct. 22, details of which will be announced at a later date.
Mr. Dingell, a Michigan Democrat who heads the House Committee on Energy and Commerce, reacted to a policy statement adopted by the commission Friday.
Lower selling prices and lower unt volume resulted in sales declines for chemicals, fibers and plastics.
The case involves the San Antonio Metropolitan Transit Authority, which sued in 1979 for a declaration that it was constitutionally immune from the minimum wage and overtime provisions of the Fair Labor Standards Act.
The Socialists held their rally at the resplendent Palace Hotel.
For example, the file may be on the mythical Delta Account.
Preheat oven to 450 degrees.
However, Colonel Vides has been reluctant to take a position that will last only until the presidential elections in December, according to a Salvadoran lawyer who knows him well.
He dives to the base and touches the bag with the ball in his hand.
Help From Jones ''My man wasn't there, so I was just helping out,'' Jones said of his block on Winters.
Quoting ''multiple Government sources,'' the broadcast said the Soviet fighter pilot who fired an air-to-air missile at the jetliner had not relied on his own judgment but had responded to instructions from the ground.
Also in London, the pound was little changed at $1.4695, compared to $1.4690 late Tuesday.
The Archbishop also refused to name the 11 prisoners on whose behalf the church has intervened.
Nor is it just a ''myth,'' as Mr. Wicker argues, that many criminals escape jail by invoking the rule.
'A Lot of Chutzpah' It also, according to Barry J. Kaplan, a Houston historian and urban expert, took ''a lot of chutzpah.''
But the enlisted men of that war have been replaced by volunteers, most of whom have entered the Army and the Marine Corps in the last four to six years.
He added, however, that a slight increase in the property tax might be necessary.
They feel they have a right to be paid cash inducements because they are putting fans in the seats the same way their names are expected to help increase sales for the products they endorse.
b-Including realized gains on investments of $71,905 for the latest first quarter and $56,330 for the year-ago first quarter.
More Hit Records Seen Whether credit belongs to the talent or the marketing - MTV, the all-music cable television channel, is a powerful factor in promoting new releases - a number of releases by new artists have become overnight hits this year.
After a three-year struggle in which Congress has cut into the President's military spending plans, Defense Secretary Caspar W. Weinberger is preparing to propose a 1985 budget that would get the Administration back on the track it charted earlier.
If the Government was unsympathetic to the Japanese industry's cry for import protection, the steelmakers said, it should consider the potential for angering the United States by adding millions of tons of steel capacity to an already overclogged world market.
After a scoreless first period, Houck scored on a power play just 37 seconds into the second period.
Irving Berlin is himself one of the great glories of the American musical theater.
Then he unfurled his patrician drawl to full amplitude and wrapped it around the punch line.
Mr. O'Neil, 36, has been with RKO for 13 years.
What is he doing now?
''Now Congressmen's offices are being flooded with angry letters about rising gas prices.
The seven foreign challengers have less time.
In the 1930's and 40's, people like Sanford Jerome Greenburger and Kurt Bernheim scouted for European publishers.
The auto industry is in the midst of major change.
This included students at the women's colleges.
''We still will have to keep our membership up,'' he said, ''and some 17-year-olds have expressed an interest in playing, but where do you draw the line?
Nonetheless, it makes no sense to stage the new abstract version that the New York City Ballet now performs and also keep the live caller, again Mr. Rollins, of the original 1957 hoedown version.
Dr. Garriott and Dr. Parker are astronauts who concentrate on science as mission specialists.
''We looked pretty hard, but you have to sacrifice too much to remain in Manhattan.''
As if to underscore that point, other officials cited severe military difficulties in El Salvador.
Moving up Congressional elections, General Pinochet said, was only a ''possibility'' and the date might still be as late as 1988 or 1989.
Strain and refrigerate stock overnight.
He was not used in in the victory Sunday over the San Francisco 49ers.
Even so, the public understandably has to wonder what's under the N.F.L.
The old cliche that a chain is no stronger than its weakest link could also be applied, to mix a metaphor to our own good use, to soup.
Texas Instruments climbed 4 1/2, to 122 1/2; Tandy added 2 1/4, to 52; Prime Computer was up 1 5/8, to 23 3/4; Motorola 3 1/2, to 137 3/4 and Hewlett-Packard 3, to 95 1/4.
The event is limited to players 50 and over.
And yet her message is that most women defy political stereotypes.
There are lithographs that look like paintings, woodcuts in which the figure-ground tension between black and white charges every inch of the pictorial field.
''I don't think you can teach compassion, but you can model it,'' said Dr. Howard D. Zucker, an associate clinical professor of psychiatry and medicine at Mount Sinai.
''These will be very demanding of huge capital expenditures in the years to come,'' he said.
The number of casualties reaching foreign-run hospitals has dwindled, and their injuries have not been from shells but from land mines.
Debt-service problems would be relieved, not aggravated, for most debtor countries (most notably, Brazil).
One of the robbers was caught after a brief chase and was identified as Jean Roussel, 38 years old, a convicted thief who broke parole after serving 9 years of a 12-year jail sentence.
It was much more than an inspired program to revive war-destroyed economies and restore demoralized political institutions.
He became president in of Pacific Northwest in 1970.
On Saturday, after the marines shot back with highly accurate sniper fire, killing 4 of the attackers and wounding 10, a Marine officer was quoted as saying the gunmen apparently belonged to the Popular Front for the Liberation of Palestine, a radical Palestinian faction.
Citicorp announced yesterday that it was moving 600 jobs in its traveler's-check operations from New York City to less costly quarters in Tampa, Fla..
Berry did not receive a diploma when he left Benjamin Franklin High School in June 1982.
Here is a sampling of smaller establishments.
Performances will be on weekdays only, beginning at 12:15 P.M.
The offer, which Vietnam seemed unlikely to accept, appeared timed to enhance Peking's image at the new round of Chinese-Soviet consultations in Moscow and the forthcoming summit meeting of nations professing nonalignment in New Delhi.
Osborn Elliott, dean of the school since 1979, said it was moving steadily toward the goal of being ''the intellectual center of American journalism.''
The Cosmos defeated Fiorentina, 4-1, and the Sounders defeated Sao Paulo, 4-2, in the first round.
The new tax would raise $2.3 billion next year and $12.7 billion from 1984 through 1986, the Administration says.
Crocodiles are very rare on Long Island, but one opened its jaws wide in Patchogue Sunday during the Suffolk Championships.
Last season, when a bagel company offered to give each fan a free bagel for every U.S.F.
That means that about one out of every 15 people with an alcoholism problem is getting any kind of help.''
Karen Brown and Keith Saunders were poignant lovers in ''The Greatest,'' with the audience singing along with the George Benson score.
The deprivation and dilapidation are most obvious in Madison, where slashes in Federal subsidies have led to sharp cuts in the town's work force.
Belgium Belgium introduced a waste disposal law in 1974 that formed the basis of the Common Market Commission's 1978 directive.
I kept expecting people to do things for me.''
In 1926, his private collection became the seed that grew into the great research center of today.
He gained 149 yards on 25 carries against the Cornhuskers, including an 86-yard run, but Oklahoma lost the conference championship to Nebraska, and went to the Fiesta Bowl.
When the Postal Service sought to introduce sorting and delivery changes there at a time of presumably reduced mail flow, the result was chaos and delays that persisted long afterward.
He said Mr. Reagan's announcement Thursday came just as Israel and Lebanon were ''close to agreement'' on an Israeli withdrawal.
It should be noted that Major General Drori was aware that the Phalangists were liable to act in an uncontrolled way, and this not necessarily from his conversation with an officer connected with the Lebanese Army on Thursday evening but mainly from his knowledge of the Phalangists, based on his constant contact with them.
Leadership Seemingly Unsure Definitions of ''spiritual pollution'' have been so muddled as to suggest that the leadership is not sure what it wants, beyond a return to conformity and selective nostalgia for Chinese customs.
Peeters, who stopped 22 shots, lost his bid for a shutout when Vaclav Nedomansky scored a power-play goal with 3:37 to play.
Yet Brown will probably be remembered as the man who was called up to replace Steve Garvey on the San Diego roster the night after Garvey dislocated a thumb to end a streak of 1,207 straight games played.
Nobody even marches in step.
Negotiations continued early this morning in an effort to settle the two-week-old strike against Metro-North Commuter Railroad.
Apple Computer Inc. will set up its second overseas subsidiary, Apple Computer Japan, in Tokyo next month, a company spokesman said today.
Even with the far-from-comprehensive approach to the subject, the show is substantial and informative.
What I like to do is to read the history of another age, where it's instructive about different times and different issues.
A ''Suite for Two Pianos'' represents the composer at his most persuasive; it is direct and spirited and was alertly played by Felice Takakjian and Luise Vosgerchian.
* You have a fever or skin rash.
The public came to think of ''Carmen'' as a showy melodrama to be staged only in large opera houses.
He started the project on a small scale seven years ago and last year mentioned it to a Pound Ridge resident, Lisl Monchek , a well-known photojournalist who uses the name Lisl Steiner professionally.
A satisfactory East-West miilitary balance will not by itself close off such opportunities.
But in Mayor Byrne's strongholds on the predominantly white Northwest side, Mr. Daley was running just close enough to put Mrs. Byrne's citywide chances in jeopardy.
Sinisalo then put the shot into the empty net.
Hard work, I can tellya.
Foreclosures Feared For some tribal members, the lack of an income means loss of automobiles, furniture and even homes, Mr. Samuels said.
A spokesman for the New York State Department of Health said that ocean fish were generally less contaminated than freshwater varieties.
Recently, she moved in with her daughter's family.
'I'll Wish I Was Dead' ''It's not that bad yet,'' said Mr. Gallagher, who has suffered for nearly 20 years.
(A State Department spokesman, disputing the reports, said ''significant amounts of logistics, ammunition and logistical supplies'' continued to arrive from Nicaragua by sea, land and air.)
The entertainment divisions of Warner Communications are scouring Europe in search of new cable outlets.
Jackson, who had the foresight to stock up on ''medicinal'' champagne before sailing.
This was not quite true in yesterday's loss, for Wilson scored the only Met run.
Advice from a television actress and radio show hostess.
''The Neighborhood'' pretty much runs itself now: Mr. Rogers chooses current programming from a library of some 800 half-hour shows done in previous years, and he tapes 15 to 20 new daily segments each year.
As the climate of East-West relations has chilled in recent months, an East-West research institute concerned with energy, food supply and other long-range international problems has been forced to curtail its activities.
The study found that, contrary to popular perceptions about the homeless, the majority of the men had not spent the night before on the streets or in the subways.
This is tedious, but necessary.
In another important indicator of business activity, 21 percent of the companies in the survey said deliveries from their suppliers had slowed in July.
By 1980, the monitoring checklist included more than 300 items, ranging from orientation for substitute teachers to color-coded floors in vocational-education rooms.
And Bob Wirz, a spokesman for Bowie Kuhn, the baseball commissioner, said, ''We will look into the details of the situation.''
One of his experiments indicated that when an animal such as a brine shrimp was killed in the vicinity of a plant, the plant's electrical response was similar to that of a traumatized human.
Demand 'Shocked Everybody' ''It has shocked everybody,'' said H.L.
But Mr. de la Fuente holds some hope that the import restrictions will be eased soon after the Dec. 10 inauguration of President-elect Raul Alfonsin, whose election on Oct. 30 marked the end to almost eight years of military rule.
's work force, another figure the agency has kept secret, now tops 16,000, according to intelligence officials, and is growing.
Of that experience Mr. Seger recalled: ''It took me three weeks to decide, 'No way!'
He was 84 years old and lived in Stamford.
In rental apartments, the vacancy rate climbed to 5.7 percent in the first quarter, the highest level since the third quarter of 1980.
A draft of the petition said that Long Island's lack of television news was ''exceptional and serious.''
This new effort is not likely to be one of his more memorable ventures.
''I keep hearing, 'She's funny for a woman,' '' she said.
After the settlement was reached in his case, Mr. Kaufman said that it was a 'victory'' not only for him but for other ''whistle blowers'' within the agency.
Descendants of Norman W. Harris, who founded the bank in 1882, own more than 25 percent of the 6.7 million common shares outstanding.
About 40 percent of its assets are now in Marathon.
The hospital spokesman said doctors would watch the patient closely for several weeks for signs of rejection.
The set menu begins with raw vegetables and hard-cooked eggs to be dipped into aioli sauce, the garlic mayonnaise, but vegetables are sometimes limp and tasteless.
When William S. Woodside, chairman of the American Can Company, told a group of Westchester County officials recently that housing costs and commuting problems had been major factors in a proposal to remove the company's headquarters from its 154- acre campus in Greenwich, executives from many neighboring corporations were skeptical.
Vodra, Janet L., Brookfield H.S.
Mr. and Mrs. Marvin Clark of Southbury, Conn., have announced the engagement of Mrs. Clark's daughter, Virginia Marshall Russo, to Andrew James Bachman, son of Mr. and Mts.
They know that not only because I can be seen alighting from the thing in the morning but because sometimes I can't get back into it in the evening.
One alternative is to live with a family, as Timothy Wetzel of the University of Arizona did.
Charles White did not have an illustrious career at that point and Ricky Bell hadn't done much.
''It seems to me Eighth Avenue is the next logical point of expansion,'' said Daniel Rose, president of Rose Associates, a major Manhattan residential developer.
USA Today We are caught in a cruel vise.
Hansel also ''talks,'' like his mother.
The nine lawmakers who received the letter did not like a few phrases, and asked for changes.
Oquendo's throw to first was too late to get LeMaster.
In the Cocori region, some 50 miles east of here, some 200 families affiliated with the federation recently seized lands that had been used as a camp by the Pastora group.
The trailer was condemned by the county health department as unfit for human habitation.
It wasn't until the following April that the winery got around to announcing the Needham assignment.
At Fordham, as elsewhere around the country, Mr. Kreutz said, computers compile profiles of the typical reunion member for fundraising purposes.
Some of the contras, U.S. officials do not deny, formerly were members of the brutal National Guard that terrorized the country during the Somoza regime.
There have been reports that he has been ill and that a dispute took place for weeks among Politburo members on how to respond to the airliner's downing.
Miss Neville confirmed that three assistant district attorneys had worked on the case at various times: Jeanne Hammock, who is no longer with the office, and Larry Mumm and Kerry Baron.
The resettlement sites chosen by South Africa's officials are usually remote from transport, shops or any possibility of gainful employment.
Just two months ago, the Navy planned to shut down F-14 production for three years and A-6 production for two years while a new version of each plane was developed.
There were also indications yesterday that Mattel was considering getting out of the home computer business, which it entered earlier this year.
Seymour Hersh, who spent years stalking his prey and conducting, reportedly, more than 1,000 interviews, examines the personal politics and motivations of the Nixon Administration, the conduct of Kissinger-Nixon foreign policy and its results, fundamental issues of constitutional government and political ethics.
Dr. Hopper's attorney, Michael McConnell, argued for dismissal of the suit brought by James S. Brady, the Presidential press secretary; Timothy J. McCarthy, a Secret Service agent and Thomas Delahanty, a Washington patrolman .
* Reliance Financial Services Corp. disclosed that it had sold its entire stake of 638,600 MCO Holdings Corp. common shares for $15.50 a share on Feb. 18 on the open market.
In addition to having a relatively small number of players available to practice and play, the team had performed in a game the previous Saturday against the Raiders and did not have a full week to recuperate from assorted bruises.
If the action is supported by the Senate, the funds would be held until Congress gave its approval.
Accordingly, the economic status of women is moving toward the top of the Congressional agenda.
''We didn't want anything that would be loud and noisy, design-wise.''
The narrative does reach an affecting climax when the author's intimations of continuity between history and individual lives are dramatically realized.
They have haunted me all week.
This ''Piccolo Met'' would be devoted not just to small-scaled operas like those of Mozart and Rossini, but also to theatrical experimentation that would stress opera as drama.
Credit market participants, who had expected a money-supply increase, hailed the report as the best news in a year.
In my mind, you can't live without a fat tackle.''
Mark E. Daugherty, the transportation analyst of Dean Witter Reynolds Inc., said the group had been responding to the ''possibility of still lower energy prices in the near future and to bullish forecasts concerning the economy.''
Mrs. Bailey argued that the $20,000 cost of a second study was ''minimal.''
But, privately, many said they could not understand why Miss Evans would have jeopardized her legal career and her life to help Mr. Kirk escape.
Well, the capital city of Concord (42 percent Republicans, 28 percent Democrats, the rest independents) approved a nuclear freeze proposition on the ballot last week by more than 72 percent of the vote.
The victory tied the mark set by the 1910-11 squad in a 14-game season.
It was understood to be meeting with Salomon Brothers, its advisers, to determine the course it would take.
Sources in various areas of baseball familiar with Steinbrenner's thinking have believed for two months that the owner plans to dismiss Martin, and his approach to Berra seemed to take Steinbrenner a step closer to that move.
The shells of the eggs have always been too thin to withstand the heat and body weight of the parents during natural incubation.
Western journalists were invited to Phnom Penh by the Vietnamese authorities to witness the pullout and saw about 1,500 soldiers leave the Cambodian capital and cross the border to Vietnam.
He had ''prodded, pushed and cajoled Democratic and Republican colleagues'' to vote for the measure, he said in a letter to the President.
''Given the size and visibility of this,'' he said, ''it was probably the last time we'd have the opportunity to prove the public sector could build on time and without cost to the taxpayer.''
Nothing about them suggested that poetry was their calling.
East won with the queen and after a short pause -''her face puckered in concentration,'' an observer said - she returned a low club.
But there are also a number of factual differences.
Such a vote would force the Communists to define their attitude toward the Government.
Their prophet is ''gamy'' and their sacred text plagiarized.
Egypt expressed its regrets, but a Foreign Ministry official said there would be no further comment because ''this is something between the two giants and we will not get involved.''
He often attends the champions' dinner on the Tuesday before the tournament starts, but then returns to his home in Fort Worth.
On the other side of the political fence, the Democratic candidate for Supervisor, Judith Hope Twomey - who managed to win the Supervisor's post in predominantly Republican East Hampton 10 years ago - is unchallenged in her party primary.
Does she mean anything at all, or is she playing a gloomy game for Lucio's benefit?
When asked if any promises had been made to him about his life sentence, he replied, ''No.''
Charges of Voting Irregularities Violence broke out last month in the two western states of Oyo and Ondo during elections for state governors amid widespread charges of voting irregularities on the part of Mr. Shagari's ruling party.
''Let's see, '' said the vendor, ''55 and 40, that's 95.
The spokesman, Tom Ambrose, said Weyerhaeuser ranked 11th in volume among 199 companies known to have used the site, but he said the Weyerhaeuser wastes were nontoxic.
Simmonds Precision Products soared 7 points, to 55 1/2.
In 1980 and 1981, it sold the plots at 45 Broadway and One Exchange Place - on either side of 49 Broadway - to HRO International, a development company headed by Howard Ronson, a British developer.
Indeed, the wide variety of ideas perhaps mirror the club's confusion.
The ad budget will be in the $5 million area.
The figures were adjusted for the impact that weather and other seasonal factors have upon business.
An article Friday about Gov.
The bride, a loan officer with the energy division of the Chemical Bank in New York, expects to be transferred to London.
DENNIS O'KEEFE New Paltz, N.Y., July 2, 1983
Town officials regarded the development of Conyers Farm as the key to the future of what is called the back country, a heavily wooded area of about 23 square miles north of the Merritt Parkway.
The Ford Motor Company, citing a favorable outlook in the auto industry, said today that it is raising the quarterly dividend on its common stock by 15 cents, to 45 cents a share.
ONE of those complex items, for example, is the matter of what c onstitutes ''rentable'' space.
While it is doubtful that House conferees will be able to make the reduction stick, fund officials expect salaries to remain a controversial issue.
This was not the case with the New York premiere of the play in 1972 at the Performing Garage.
Mr. Stern said it was the first time a prosecutor had subpoenaed records of the commission since it was established in 1975 to investigate charges of misconduct by judges.
Many of these, according to Mr. Gimello and others, are believed to have historically operated in a careless or illegal way, letting waste seep into soil, ground water, rivers and streams and be dumped into deteriorating industrial-retention lagoons.
However, by the time the game reached the ninth inning, Howell forced himself to watch the final outs on television and saw the Yankees complete a 4-1 victory over Boston.
It might be of humbler origins than the label indicates or it might even be the combined leftovers of other bottles.
Not surprisingly, Miranda claimed the police promised him leniency if he talked and threatened reprisals if he remained silent.
Martial Law Is Cited Opponents of the authoritarian style of President Marcos, among them Mayor Climaco of Zamboanga, Mayor Aquilino Pimentel of Cagayan de Oro, Governor Adaza of Misamis Oriental Province and other politicians, businessmen and clergymen, attribute such actions to what they denounce as the repressive atmosphere that began with the imposition of martial law in 1971.
''He is working on ball handling and dribbling a lot.''
Prices of Government securities drifted lower in quiet trading.
Is ''survival,'' even as slaves, the only absolute value?
Talks in Panama are scheduled to start Thursday at the technical level and Dec. 14 at the foreign ministers' level.
lawyer, said he was prohibited by law from disclosing more detailed information on the company's recordkeeping practices, but he said that the number of errors was ''significant.''
''They're going to be in the thick of everything right down to the end.''
Unlike Cardinal Concha, Avery Dulles and Enrique Dussel, in their radically different ways, dispose their readers to continue the conversation.
According to the sources, the report says the decision to eliminate the sections - to keep the project within its $375 million budget - was made without properly considering what its effect would be on revenues and on attracting conventions.
While any of the handmade designs can be produced to order, the store stocks many braided, hooked and woven rugs.
The Medicaid statute says a state Medicaid plan may ''not take into account the financial responsibility of any individual for any applicant or recipient of assistance,'' except in two situations.
*American Can Co., Greenwich, Conn., has appointed Michael I. Roth senior vice president, corporate finance and tax.
Armed with this information, the persistent caller can try to be among the first to dial the 800 number the next morning.
Two of Mr. Reagan's children were there: Patti Davis and her brother, Ron, who brought his wife, Doria.
Visible personal commitment by the ''stars'' will not only get the professors' attention; they will also raise the morale of schools of education which often are treated as the universities' poor relations.
Boxing: Michael De La Rue vs. Robert Adams, welterweights, and Pete Padilla vs. Billy Parks, junior welterweights, 10-round co-feature bouts, at Madison Square Garden's Felt Forum; first preliminary, 7:30 P.M. (Television - MSG Cable, 7:30 P.M.); John Mugabi vs. Mao De La Rosa, junior middleweights, 10 rounds, and Richard Savage vs. Reuben Herasme, featherweights, 10 rounds, at Tampa, Fla. (Television - USA Cable, 9 P.M.) Football: Edmonton Eskimos vs. Saskatchewan Roughriders, Canadian Football League game, at Edmonton, Alberta (Television - ESPN, 9:30 P.M.) Thoroughbred Racing: Saratoga Race Track, 1:30 P.M. (Television - SportsChannel, 6:30 P.M., tape, and 11 P.M., tape); Monmouth Park, 1:30 P.M.
The fate of a restaurant that had been up in the air in Paris is up in the air in New York.
They spoke, too, of their exasperation over the feuding that has recently been going on between black nationalist factions that respectively take Mr. Biko and Mr. Mandela as inspirations.
The uncertainties faced by Faulkner as a young writer can be surmised from a letter he wrote from Oxford, Miss., to Horace Liveright in 1927.
Furthermore, they said, the timing of the attack suggested possible retaliation for the stabbing death of a Yeshiva student July 8 in the center of Arab Hebron.
Bands that play traditional jazz sometimes take the traditions so seriously that their music shows an academic solemnity or they take the traditions so slightly that they drown them in comedy.
The budget would give the libraries $81.2 million, or $5.4 million less than they say they need to keep operating at current levels.
The Democrats could also offer help in restraining what the President called ''the line on the chart that is going up at the steepest pitch'' - the growth in entitlement programs, including Social Security.
The good news was that the nation's economy was recovering at an ever-increasing rate; the bad news was that a significant rise in the rate of inflation can be expected in the next 6 to 18 months.
For almost a decade, Carrie Smith has been trying to shed the association with the great blues singer Bessie Smith that she acquired when she sang with great success some Bessie Smith songs as part of a Carnegie Hall program on the career of Louis Armstrong.
''Inland people forget about the storms a day later, but the beach is still wiped out,'' said John R. Weingart, director of the division of coastal resources in the New Jersey Department of Environmental Protection.
As the owners of a private company, the Halls aren't required to say anything about Hallmark's finances and operations, and until now they have rarely discussed business in public.
QUESTION: Which women's doubles teams won the titles at the United States Open, Wimbledon and the French Open?
''But you have to consider that until she was 14 years old, this was just fun for her.
On Sunday, Mr. Carter is scheduled to cross the Jordan River to Amman, where he is to meet King Hussein.
If demand should dictate, authority officials said, the extra lane could be converted for exclusive use of ''high-occupancy vehicles'' such as vans used by van pools.
The detective said that, instead of the joke he first thought it was, the call turned out to be ''the proudest moment of my life.''
The union has denied any involvement.
Comment by Reagan Aide Richard S. Williamson, assistant to the President for intergovernmental affairs, said after the vote today that although Mr. Reagan still disagreed with the governors on military spending, the resolution could be helpful to the White House in achieving reductions in some domestic programs.
No other details about his work or background were provided by the Government and a man who answered the family phone in Virginia said the family preferred not to discuss the death or Mr. Ames's background.
The station's news director notified the police, who said they'd handle it and that the station could send reporters along for a ''free ride.''
The first English-style wine bar was le Bistrot a Vin at la Defense, the vast office and apartment complex a few miles west of the city.
This mirror must be taped, clamped, or propped up close to the lens.
The purpose of that heavier mono is to withstand the stress and abrasion caused by casting; it should be about three times the length of the rod and two or three times as strong as the running line.
''Levine's work ...speaks to the diminished possibilities for originality in an image-saturated, image-bound culture,'' she writes.
Rosters are restricted to 19 players.
He said it would also include groups like Senior Action in a Gay Environment, for older people; Gay and Lesbian Youth, for runaways, and Gay Alcoholics Anonymous.
While dried coriander seeds are wonderful, dried coriander leaves are flavorless.
National Guard troops with generators were sent in to restore power.
MUSIC Alvin Lucier is one of our purest, most mystically single-minded electronic- music composers.
''If only there were no Party headquarters, no milk- crazed cow,'' muses Dovlatov, ''if only I could live here without any serious assignments.''
The child can play with it, he can even dismantle it, but he will not understand Maxwell's theory of electricity.
Like our President, I am very conservative on offense and like to have a strong defense.''
But through it all Mr. Cuomo was able to hammer home his theme that anyone who wanted more out of next year's budget should explain how to pay for it.
Waltke did not come with conventional shorts, but took off his sweater, rolled up the sleeves of his shirt and then won when the 36-year-old Smith was forced to retire with back spasms and a pulled muscle in the fifth set.
However, refusing the offer with 19 K-N2 conceded Black a pawn after 19 ... N-B5ch (19 ...
The high cost of energy has spawned an interest in alpine houses, coldframes and cool weather plants that survive lower temperatures without artificial heat.
In practice, this means insuring that Eskimos get the largest possible number of jobs on oil rigs, a development Mr. Johnson hopes to facilitate and prepare for by investing some of the corporation's remaining money in oil-related businesses on the state's North Slope.
Prices of new cars, seasonally adjusted, rose eight-tenths of 1 percent, prices of used cars jumped 1.8 percent and gasoline prices rose 1.1 percent.
Fifty years ago they were escaping from Nazi totalitarianism; today it is mainly Communist totalitarianism; now, as then, the favored destination is the United States.
The city's first Chinese-American candidate for a judgeship was proposed yesterday by Mayor Koch.
Omar Moreno's grounder to second scored Doran to tie the score at 3-3 and Tim Tollman's sacrifice fly sent in Bass with the winning run.
An unusual and beguiling vegetable dish was the carabaccia alla luna piena, the full moon being a fried egg that topped sauteed minced vegetables on a fried croustade of country bread.
Mr. Torres subsequently defaulted on numerous loans.
The incident was reminiscent of other recent shootings in the bustling area, the result of feuds among warring Chinatown gangs.
Sunshine Mining and, possibly the Midland oilmen, are understood to have been part of a group that Mr. Pickens formed last year in an unsuccessful attempt to take over the Cities Service Company, which finally was sold to the Occidental Petroleum Corporation.
The newly restored Palace Theater of the Arts in Stamford, a former vaudeville house built in the 1920's, will reopen as a concert hall on Dec. 14 with a gala featuring Claudio Arrau, Grace Bumbry, Natalia Makarova and Janos Starker and the American Symphony Orchestra under the direction of Gabriele Bellini.
De Witt Clinton of New York, which sold for $264,000.
Covert Activities Under Fire The plan fed concerns in Congress about covert C.I.A.
To be covered for any structural damage or content loss caused by flooding, it was necessary to buy a special flood policy, insurance agents explained.
Several weeks ago, the United States officials said, the Soviet Union replied that it saw no need for a special meeting because any American concerns could be discussed at the regular meeting of the commission, scheduled to be held in Geneva in the middle of this month.
We had the lead, and what we tried to do was run the clock down.
Painting is a onesense, one-way language that goes from the speaker to the listener.
The $12 million renovation of the station has touchedo ff a ''land rush,'' he said.
Mayor Koch yesterday prohibited city officials from conducting municipal business or spending city money at private clubs with restrictive membership policies.
But in the Valide all the structural pieces can be appreciated from the exterior.
Another official said: ''We warned the Administration from the very beginning that it was a mistake to give the P.L.O.
First, he can't seriously question that a firm with 20 employees is small business.
In September, the battleship New Jersey and escorting warships will pass by while returning from the Pacific.
King Hussein has vacillated between pro- and anti-Syrian policies for decades.
If anything, according to American officials, tensions in the area are building.
This was 11 points ahead the Netherlands.
And compared with the wild, punk-rock television advertising his West Coast office did for the youth-oriented Ale-8-One soft drink, which is now all but dormant as a client, this mixer advertising is very staid indeed.
Labor leaders presented the evidence to Gen. Eugenio Vides Casanova, the Minister of Defense, and said they were told that he could not offer protection.
Even if the Constitution needed amending, this would be no way to go about it.
''He's a good guy,'' said Lexcen.
Write when you can to Yours sincerely, Harry April 27, 1911 Dear Bessie: My pleasure is not to be expressed in words for the nice long letter you sent me so soon.
It was the first time that the key barometer has closed above 1,200 since July 28, when it closed at 1,216.35.
''Jimmy Truitte was already there, Bella Lewitzky, who was the grande etoile, Rudi Gernreich and Marjorie Perces, who teaches in this school now.''
'' 'At Least I'm Trying' Ford also told Parcells of Headen's occasional tendency not to extend himself, and Headen agreed.
But because of the Cardinal's susceptibility to infection, Dr. Cahill has kept him in ''protective isolation.''
Braves 10, Phils 4 ATLANTA (AP) - Dale Murphy drove in four runs with a homer and single as the Atlanta Braves unleashed a 19-hit attack and took advantage of five Philadelphia errors and gained their 10th consecutive victory at home.
He asked for $300,000 in damages.
Meyer actually had to turn applicants away; and during the two years he directed the Bauhaus, he doubled its income from manufacturing.
13A ROSE IN WINTER, by Kathleen E. Woodiwiss.
The lawyer stressed that none of the Nyack ''eyewitnesses'' had identified Mr. Ferguson as one of the robbers.
Mr. Norweb was born in Nottingham, England, and moved to Elyria, Ohio, with his family in 1907.
7719 CHRISTINE, by Stephen King.
It kept the leg from atrophying.
Now, having been burned politically back home because high-level discussions achieved nothing, Chinese leaders no longer seek the summit meetings needed to maintain momentum in relations between the two countries.
One student group went to the Brooklyn Botanic Garden to learn how to plant, and another, made up of art students, designed the garden.
The debate was touched off by a brilliant hoax in which two teenage tricksters, working under cover for more than three years at the behest of James Randi, a magician and psychic debunker of international repute, fooled researchers at Washington University into believing they had paranormal powers.
Barre Leads Giscard In today's poll Mr. Barre placed ahead of Mr. Giscard d'Estaing, who in turn led Jacques Chirac, the Mayor of Paris, in the approval ratings of opposition figures.
Laskey (1-4) yielded seven hits, including a two-run homer by Jason Thompson in the eighth.
There are plasterers that repair the wall of the hive, water carriers that adjust its humidity, even undertakers that dispose of cadavers.
But the Redmen were upset by the Panthers at Pitt, 72-71, Feb. 1, so there was some cause for concern.
So far Washington has earmarked $3 million for rehabilitation and reconstruction.
He said in a letter to Robert M. Gardiner, the chairman of Dean Witter, that he needed more time to devote to his outside business and that he wanted to give up his administrative duties.
When you haven't eaten for two days, you'll understand.''
A decade ago, Greyhound had relatively little incentive to resist wage increases.
Mr. Thayer was said to have urged cutting Navy funds for several reasons.
Angelo A. Buono was found guilty of murdering Lauren Wagner, a high school student whose body was found in the trunk of a car that had been pushed over a Los Angeles, area, cliff.
In the specific case in which disciplinary measures have been taken, a naval training center paid the Sperry company $80,204 for parts that should have cost only $3,658.
''My contribution to modern art,'' Mr. Burton once said of the reapportionment.
Archbishop John R. Quinn of San Francisco has indicated that fears of a ''crackdown'' are ''not necessarily justified,'' but the disclaimer has apparently done little to assuage suspicions.
In December, Government leaders and the head of the International Monetary Fund's negotiating team in Brasilia said that an agreement to step up these small devaluations and keep them above the monthly cost-of-living rise would obviate the need for larger devaluations.
- Federal management specialists have no ''coherent'' idea of what constiutes good Government management.
The August deficit compared with the previous monthly record of $6.91 billion, set in May, and with July's shortfall of $6.36 billion.
Carlton passed Ryan, of the Houston Astros, with his second strikeout of the night, against Lonnie Smith of the St. Louis Cardinals.
Twyla Tharp's ''Push Comes to Shove'' completed the matinee program, offering its own excitement in outstanding performances from Danilo Radojevic and Elaine Kudo.
Times: today, 1:30 and 7:30 P.M.; tomorrow, 11 A.M., 3 and 7:30 P.M., and Sunday, 1 and 5 P.M. Information: 563-8000 (the Garden box office).
The sale will lower the state's holding in B.P.
To register for the $5 fee, which increases to $6 after Thursday, phone 271-3150 or 271-5574.
'' Mr. Marinaccio said that in stolen property cases that are prosecuted, the authorities generally know the true owner of at least some of the property, and it is returned.
But it is a delicate exercise that we should undertake only if progress on resolving substantive issues is assured.
Here was surely the most American event of the summer: a passionate quarrel about an issue far more profound than the stuff usually involved in the -gate-of-the-week.
At that time Connors was 22 and Rosewall 39.
In fact, regular conditioning exercise is very helpful to people with mitral valve prolapse; those in poorest physical condition tend to have the worst symptoms.
The incredibly professional growth experienced by teachers who join our department is directly due to our internal mentoring system.
Robert G. Beaven, executive director of Merrill Lynch Private Capital Inc., has been elected president of the board of directors of the Paul Taylor Dance Company.
The $16.50-a-share offer by Mr. Klein and his business partner, Barry Schwartz, who already own about 10 percent of Puritan's stock, expires next Monday.
Michael LaPlaca, a young artist, has done greeting cards based on Shakespeare's characters and used the quotations amusingly.
Barbara Beazell Browne, daughter of Mr. and Mrs. Thomas F. Browne of Upper Saddle River, N.J., was married yesterday to Kenneth Michael Wineland, son of Mr. and Mrs. Hollis Ferdinand Wineland of Blackwood, N.J.
Results include operations of Norton Simon Inc. since its acquisition in July.
They'd kill fish and then they'd gamble on the boat the rest of the day.
The scientific advice the Administration drew upon is evidently insufficient.
On the contrary, the commission did its job well and gave the Governor a broadly based list of candidates, which resulted in the selection of the first woman to sit on the Court of Appeals.
La Guardia was a maverick Republican whose support for the New Deal caused him to be considered an apostate within his own party.
If strategic and technical considerations warrant, this missile could be ready for deployment in the early 1990's.
Moreover, Mr. Bagdikian charges that major media companies interlock with other large corporations.
Nine years ago, the Chamber gave the land to the University of South Alabama.
And while women filled nearly two-thirds of jobs created between 1972 and 1980, they had little job choice.
He said of government agents, ''If you are going to get Jackie Presser, you are going to get chevrons on your sleeves.''
*3*** COMPANY REPORTS ** View Full Article in Timesmachine »
Next Wednesday from 7:30 to 9 P.M., Katherine Marshall will conduct a twilight lecture tour demonstrating how to select garden plant varieties that provide the best results for drying, and methods of drying these plants for decorative and culinary uses.
New York City in Program Mr. O'Rourke said Westchester was pressing for state legislation that would enable the county to raise $3 million annually for the arts through a 3 percent hotel occupany tax, thus removing county arts subsidies from the tax rolls.
''We had to prove something to ourselves,'' said Mio.
He is retiring next Saturday after 39 years in postal service, 35 at Stuyvesant Town.
Mr.Warfield said his agency, with 63 field workers, has recently been inundated with requests for assistance from local governments, seeking municipal liability training and protection.
''There are signs of resignation.
The Linac was constructed over a three-year period by a team of nuclear physicists from Stony Brook and the California Institute of Technology.
In a new study of American involvement in Vietnam from 1945 to 1967 -which he says is based on trips to Vietnam in the 60's and extensive original research in Government files - Professor Kahin claims he will prove that Washington actually began giving secret military aid to the French for Vietnam in the late 1940's.
PICK UP 1st ADD HEART ''Bringing someone here xxx ''Bringing someone here would be tremendously costly,'' Dr. DeVries said, ''and then you would feel obligated to fit them into the experimental protocol, and that would put a lot of pressure on us.''
The union's constitution does not provide for rank-and-file ratification of contracts, and approval by the local presidents meant the document was adopted.
The ''exciting whiff in the nostril'' that Mr. Pennington says he scented when he auditioned, inspired him to travel at his own expense to see the Moscow production and to starve himself to fit his own picture of the penniless student, Raskolnikov.
In the municipal elections of 1979, running on a ticket with Communist support, he won handily, and assumed office as the first leftist Mayor in four decades.
Work projects, business ventures and love affairs get started.
The finding was unexpected because the latest recession generated record unemployment.
The work is a 70-minute, oneact version of a full-length play done by the Drama Studio in London.
''I live five minutes from campus, now,'' Boyd said.
prC 41,127 14,666 PU 3rd ADD-- Bally Manuf 412,150 447,812 Balt Gas & El 184,300 104,621 Banctexas Group 347,700 366,900 Bank America Corp 185,441 202 ,421 Bank of Virg 47,780 62,696 Bard (CR) Inc 41,198 29,585 Barry Wright Corp 18,701 7,942 Basic Resources Corp 5,404 56,325 Bausch & Lomb 81,697 51,797 Baxter Travenol Lab 177,345 290,330 Beatrice Foods 606,959 928,060 Beker Indus 23,600 3,900 Bell & Howell 37,702 5,451 Beneficial Corp 200,200 11,300 Best Products Co 101,865 174,048 Bethlehem Steel 277,985 118,700 Beverly Enterprises 67,902 48,752 Black & Decker Mfg 40,575 52,375 Boeing Co 306,536 341,116 Boise Cascade Corp 200,638 105,465 Borden Inc 9,809 45,918 Bost Ed Co cmuprb 25,700 68,000 British Petro 53,148 72,912 Brunswick Corp 88,596 186,669 Burl Ind Ind 61,859 83,664 Burl Nrn Inc 171,088 68,408 Burroughs Corp 307,581 176,568 Caesars World 169,999 481,362 Campbell Red Lake 133,446 101,846 Capital Holding Co 37,700 876 Carling OKeefe Ltd 52,029 16,543 PU 4th add Carolina Pwr & Light 125,875 2,432 Castle & Cooke Inc 222,516 167,600 Caterpillar 205,206 87,094 CBS Inc 157,853 126,590 Celanese Corp 44,041 31,213 Cessna Aircraft 96,649 56,049 Champ Int Corp 358,844 52,445 Charter Co 87,906 105,637 Charter Co pr 122,100 1,522 Chase Man pre 71,661 none Chase Manhattan Corp 314,918 346,745 Chemical New York 297,875 110,392 Chemical NY pra 30,000 11,100 Chesebrough Ponds 49,415 10,175 Chicago Pneumatic 15,650 2,550 Chrysler Corp 602,990 515,575 Chrysler Corp $275 69,849 16,130 Chrysler Corp wts 1,569,492 1,309,294 Church Fried Chicken 991,440 1,009,504 Cigna Corp 60,333 12,505 Cigna Corp $275 pra 79,501 98,942 Cin Gas & El Co prc none 18,700 Cin Milacorn Inc 117,772 162,147 Citicorp 1,050,273 1,105,918 Citicorp adj sec ser none 74,600 CLC of America Inc 19,596 9,581 Clorox Co 200,966 56,724 CNA Financial Corp 234,954 204,375 Cnsums Pow Co pre772 none 50,265 Cnsums Pwr Co 4,055 15,609 Cnsums Pwr Co prd725 none 23,098 Cnsums Pwr Co prg776 33 46,704 Coachmen Ind, Inc 40,475 28,775 Coastal Corp 173,750 84,550 Coleco Ind Inc 1,432,470 1,237,390 Coleman Co Inc 25,988 7,725 Collins Food Intl 2,562 17,153 Colt Ind Inc 23,735 11,235 Comdisco Inc 724,242 487,913 Commodore Intl 554,240 613,060 Computer Vison Corp 415,472 395,611 Cone Mills Corp 11,343 249 Consolidated Ed 24,883 479,524 Consolidated Freight 26,600 53,069 Consolidated 1096% 33,270 2,174 Continental Illinois 245,579 97,623 Continental Telecom 471,742 547,904 Control Data Corp 141,004 187,613 Corning Glass Work 95,299 112,296 Crocker Natl Corp 104,280 4,200 Crown Zell 177,200 130,200 CSX Corp 76,676 94,051 CTL & South West 34,000 432,249 CTL Illinois Pub Co 4,000 155,176 CTL Lousiana El 11,730 199,900 Cullinane Database 230,450 214,050 C Wealth Ed Co 352,154 112,103 C Wealth Ed Co PrC 37,100 none C Wealth Ed Co PrD 36,000 none C Wealth Ed PrE 12,000 26 C Wealth Ed PrF 38,549 none C Wealth Ed PrG 11,000 none C Wealth Ed PrH 37,100 none C Wealth Ed CoPrI 12,000 none C Wealth Ed Co PrJ 40,315 915 Dart and Kraft 78,870 9,223 Data General Corp 515,828 376,208 Datapoint Corp 50,560 114,975 Dayton Pwr & Light 4,002 431,300 Dayton-Hudson 122,789 57,776 Deere & Co 473,426 359,590 Delta Air Lines Inc 107,594 33,496 Detroit Ed 972% prH 99,600 None Detroit Ed Co 42,871 180,383 Detroit Ed 1568% prJ 23,491 195 Detroit Ed 736% prE 21,500 None Detroit Ed 745% prD 16,000 None Detroit Edison prM 35,100 None Diamond Shamrock 5,665,419 4,464,930 Digital Equipment 677,272 435,616 Disney Walt Prod 79,960 137,089 Dome Mines Ltd 60,446 96,696 Donald, Lufkin 34,455 11,600 Dover Corp 26,451 6,790 Dow Chemical Co 581,13 375,913 Dow Jones Co Inc 50,932 15,182 Dr Pepper 35,623 70,492 Duke Pwr Co 182,800 779,100 Duke Pwr Co prF 5 18,005 Duke Pwr Co prH 2 47,817 Duke Pwr Co prK None 34,400 DuPont De Nemours 549,170 493,831 Duquesne Light Co 65,722 27,282 Duquesne Lt $720 prH None 30,000 Eastern Air Lines 986,515 1,107,150 Eastern Airlines wts 82,100 42,700 Eastern Gas & Fuel 58,750 41,250 Eastman Kodak Co 313,251 167,805 Eaton Corp 60,813 47,187 El Paso Co 26,690 176,929 Emery Air Freight 46,596 8,732 Ensearch Corp 1,748 395,448 Esmark Inc 16,260 29,694 Ethyl Corp 27,000 1,433 Evans Product Co 10,700 20,900 Exxon Corp 1,674,862 2,175,808 Fairchild Ind Inc 123,78 172,021 Fairfield Cmmties New11,800 Old None Farah Manufacturing 26,875 1,32 Fed Express Corp 502,477 382,353 Federated Department 11,106 23,375 Financial Amer 6%pr 14,377 154 Financial Corp Amer 1,887,371 2,147,545 First Chi Adj Div pr 30,600 12,400 First Chicago 28,100 1,290 First Intst Bancorp 85,539 54,698 First Mississippi 32,500 13,160 First National Banco 24,900 9,700 PU 8th Add First Union Real 9,066 34,927 Fleet Financial 45,300 31,800 Fleetwood Enter 167,080 219,993 Fleming Comp 20,250 9,150 Floating Point 34,809 59,612 Florida Progress 301,628 6,090 Florida Pwr & Light 300 68,114 Flow General 10,600 22,400 Fluor Corp 44,002 18,208 FMC Corp 42,349 26,235 Ford Motor Co 1,052,382 782,376 Fort Howard Paper 280,200 82,400 Fuqua Ind Inc 202,195 238 ,047 GCA Corp new 220,039 old 184,470 General Cinema 115,844 42,246 General Dynamics 372,020 573,997 General El Co 323,501 252,078 General Foods Corp 145,666 87,675 General Motors Corp 559,491 241,279 Genuine Parts Co 156,600 129,900 Georgia Pwr $256 prD 84,931 100 Georgia Pwr $275 prA 12,234 None Georgia Pwr $376 prE 67,389 None Georgia Pwr $780 prB 22,000 None Georgia Pwr cl prF 32,637 None Georgia-Pacific 142,607 80,130 Gerber Products 11,025 1,000 Gerber Scientific new 24,663 old 9,530 PU 9th add Global Marine 757,774 516,026 Golden Nugget Inc 226,680 184,180 Goodrich (BF) Co 186,036 697,031 Goodyear Tire & Rubb 2,133,603 2,021,145 Grace (WR) & Co 150,586 185,074 Great Western Fin 686,595 656,435 Greyhound Corp 136,615 146,593 Grolier Inc 185,100 192,300 Grumman Corp 87,488new 44,174old GTE Corp 143,672 309,407 Gulf Oil Corp 468,864 567,497 Gulf Sts Util 1,575 401,112 Gulf United Corp 1,057,639 1,151,847 Halliburton Co 311,850 91,586 Harris Corp 378,267 261,322 Heck S Inc 1,081 18,096 Heinz (HJ) Co 38,845 7,115 Heller (Walter E) 90,634 66,434 Helmerich & Payne 91,448 34,948 Hercules Inc 1,637,292 710,471 Hesston Corp 31,998 16,300 Hewlett Packard Co 615,770new 415,134old Hilton Hotels Corp 84,240 125,865 Hitachi Ltd 24,645 8,940 HMW Ind 45,400 7,200 Holiday Inns Inc 404,518 566,874 Homestake Mining Co 446,087 293,831 Honda Motor Co 7,210 196,510 Honeywell Inc 379,650 459,942 Horizon Bancorp 105,157 60,950 Horizon Corp 5,285 23,841 Hospital Corp of Am 173,838 72,871 Household Intl 191,739 102,500 Houston Ind Inc 16,742 338,592 Houston Natural Gas 158,620 4,611 Hughes Tool Co 501,400 311,300 IC Ind Inc 31,450 42,226 Ill Pwr Co 233,255 215,655 Imperial Corp of Am 600 12,200 Inco Ltd 78,447 249,299 Ind & Mich El Co pr 13,203 None Indianapolis Pwr 88,500 687 Inexco Oil Co 17,200 81,100 Integrated Resources 106,043 56,030 Inter-Regional Fin 89,741 100,337 Interco Inc 21,862 8,600 Interfirst Corp 268,519 294,967 Internorth Inc 555,500 531,932 Internorth Inc Pre 10,000 None Intl Business Mach 559,007 415,883 Intl Harvester Co 1,744,681 1,632,522 Intl Mineral & Chem 124,375 13,012 Intl Paper Co 272,300 117,470 Intl Rectifier Corp 196,053 158,910 Intl Tel & Tel 456,878 481,749 Iowa-Ill As & El Co 4,000 30,200 Jamesway Corp 313,560 285,686 Japan Fund Inc 1,270 13,511 K Mart Corp 456,680 263,633 Kaneb S Inc 295,400 74,300 Kansas City Pwr & Lt 10,052 145,300 Kansas P&L $232 Pr 68,500 none Kansas Pwr & Light 79,545 81 Katy Ind Inc 570,218 528,742 Kaufman & Broad 315,900 304,430 Kellog Co 214,799 4,600 Kentucky Util Co 4,100 204,100 Kimberly-Clark Corp 45,021 8,272 Kollmorgan Corp 32,446 4,600 Kyoceramic Corp 24,250 99,300 Kysor Industrial 21.291 1,200 Lanier Business 6,650 24,750 Lear Petroleum Corp 81,830 196,700 Libbey Owens Ford Co 24,854 12,500 Liberty Corp none 13,600 LIfemark Corp 183,310 141,311 Lilco Lighting Co 115,427 75,959 Lilco Lt $243 PrP 300 47,400 Lilco Lt $425 PrU 11,900 600 Lilco Lt 980% PrS none 20,000 Lilly (ELI) & Co 79,482 58,232 Limited 32,400 44,500 LL&E Royalty Trust 182,312 394,663 Lockheed Corp 291,306 231,767 Louisiana Land & Exp 675,243 1,339,561 Louisiana-Pacific 6,703 45,818 Louisville Gas & El 2000,000 None LTV Corp 404,856 273,320 M/A-Com Inc 134,347 477,468 MCA Inc 14,503 38,525 Magic Chef Inc 9,700 26,590 Manhattan Life 10,256 200 Manville Corp 191,266 86,500 Marion Lab Inc 122,274 93,856 Martin Marietta Corp 273,490 172,450 Mary Kay Cosmetics 110,922 93,214 Maryland Cup Corp 22,550 9,148 Masco 54,900 7,800 Massey Ferguson Ltd 331,100 428,412 Matsushita El Ind 81,045 57,474 Mattel Inc 1,300,462 1,197,151 Mattel Inc wts 26,355 42,495 McDonald Corp 125,167 97,892 McDermott Intern'l 744,292 589,882 McDonnell Douglas 31,650 118,809 Medtronic Inc 6,692 45,06 7 Mellon National 391,724 438,374 Mercantile Stores Co 6,402 31,316 Mercantile Texas 207,500 166,800 Merrill Lynch & Co 1,629,494 2,189,905 Mesa Offshore UBI 32,400 57,400 Mesa Petroleum Co 68,900 46,400 Metro Ed Co 812prI 18,610 170 pu 13th add Metromedia Inc new 92,790 old 7,310 Mexico Fund Inc 27,500 38,700 Mfrs Hanover 384,959 244,600 Mfrs Hanover prB 59,000 97,200 MGM Grand Hotels Inc 234,461 211,507 MGM/UA Entertnment 93,911 113,576 Mich/Wis Pl 2.12prB None 158,100 Mich/Wis Pl 2.675pr 3,800 56,000 Midcon Corp 216,120 10,000 Middle South Util 156,900 131,222 Minn Mining & Manuf 78,737 93,062 Missouri Pub Svc prB None 35,406 Mitel Corp 210,068 159,100 Mobil Corp 403,779 358,706 Monsanto Co 150,725 57,250 Moran Energy Inc 72,830 57,070 Morgan (JP) & Co 74,375 117,313 Morton-Thiokol 431,512 527,162 Motorola Inc 436,949 461,609 N L Ind Inc 146,532 239,260 N V F Co 47,118 57,618 Nabisco Brands 57,715 82,716 Nalco Chemical 1,550 11,600 Nashua Corp 14,600 2,500 National Conv Stores 60,683 137 National Distill 3,339 125,573 National Steel Corp 289,234 113,300 National Medical Enter 536,603 616,285 Natl Semiconductor 489,199 799,162 Natomas Co $400 prC 29,300 None NBI Inc 229,647 213,598 NCR Corp 173,950 132,924 PU 14th add New Eng El System 155,000 37,600 Newell Companies 78,009 128,309 Newpark Resources 151,600 60,200 Niagara Mohawk Pwr 5,700 174,518 Niagra Mohawk 772pri 6 17,500 Nicolet Instrument 29,050 5,150 Nicor Inc 54,900 43,435 Noble Affiliates Inc 31,908 64,408 Norfolk Southern Co 81,613 29,310 Nortek Inc 60,921 159,382 Northeast Util 161,200 306,967 Northrop Corp 8,250 19,350 Northwest Airlines 48,397 61,312 Northwest Energy Co 162,458 66,508 Norton Co 6,780 55,780 Norwest Corporation 82,808 93,208 Novo Industras 102,525 89,005 NRN Indiana Pub 335,659 30,996 NRN Sts pwr 4,100 48,100 NRN Sts pwr 411prd 10,600 none NRN Telecom Ltd 1,260,358 824,843 Nutri Systems 23,850 13,850 Nwest Plane 236pra 50,000 none Occidental Pet 281,897 113,994 Occidental Pete pri 83,910 5,541 Ogden Corp 270,795 328,745 Ohio Ed Co 89,500 2,797 Ohio Ed Co 724pre 14,000 none Ohio Ed Co 912prl 25,600 none Ohio Pwr Co 848pre none 25,000 Oklahoma Gas & El 200,055 6,001 Orion Pictures Corp 153,020 140,630 Pitney-Bowes 62,228 94,887 Pittston Co 33,210 138,740 Plessey Co Ltd 96,642 32,644 Pogo Producing Co 33,250 57,350 Polaroid Corp 147,735 166,335 Potomac El Pwr Co 9,249 280,000 Prairie Producing Co 139,100 32,600 Prime Computer Inc 2,355,107 2,339,073 Pub Svc Nw Mexico 19,358 175,561 Pub Svc E&G Co 170,000 12,624 Pub Svc E&G 680 prg 10,000 50 Pub Svc of Colorado 102,500 15,226 Pub Svc of Indiana 9,413 325,048 Puget Sound Pwr & Lt 17,708 400 Pyro Energy Corp 13,280 1,500 Quaker State Oil Ref 201,800 232,600 Ralston Purina Co 72,263 91,214 Ramada Inns Inc 76,050 668,340 Ranger Oil Limited 63,185 21,040 Raytheon Co 72,964 86,366 RCA Corp 372,949 268,799 RCA Corp 365 prd 135,000 none Republic Airlines Wts 94,100 58,895 Repub Airlines Inc 851,751 367,050 Repub Steel Corp 565,101 469,001 Revere Copper & Bras 20,400 8,973 Revlon Inc 225,401 107,303 Reynolds (RJ) Inc Inc 333,962 316,604 Reynolds Metal Co 44,815 26,303 Richardson-Vicks Inc 19,830 220,330 Rochester Gas & El 10,000 None Rochester Telephone 15,954 4,643 Rockwell Intl Corp 184,951 345,272 Rolm Corp 82,954 57,558 Rowan Companies Inc 467,045 254,769 Royal Dutch Petro Co 279,233 322,557 Ryder System Inc 93,512 12,830 Sabine Corp 223,200 255,600 Safeguard Scientific 33,000 43,600 Safeway Stores Inc 74,406 9,982 San Diego Gas & El 312,700 30,000 Sanders Associates 32,462 5,118 Sante Fe Indust Inc 376,354 234,227 SaVANNAH E & Pwr 40,000 14,100 Savin Corp 34,600 58,762 SCA Services 24,576 44,051 Schering Plough Corp 67,775 43,676 Schlumberger 250,926 717,249 SCOA Ind Ind 268,562 214,724 Scott Paper Co 74,680 41,380 Scottys Inc 220,184 195,506 Scovill Mfg Inc 27,053 2,200 Seagrams Co Ltd 199,914 58,500 Sealed Air Corp 36,800 52,300 Searle (G D) & Co 262,173 361,961 Sears Roebuck & Co 414,526 275,931 Security Pacific 35,063 18,142 Sedco Inc 57,390 39,450 Shaw Ind Inc 1,000 16,126 Shell Oil Co 52,303 116,100 PU 18th ADD- Sheller-Globe Corp 63,943 44,757 Simmonds Precis pr 16,014 3,050 Skyline Corp 10,300 27,537 Smith Intl Inc 23,000 68,018 Smithkline Beckman 208,183 174,383 So N.E.
Of the 38 members of the Conservative Demoratic Forum, 22 voted against the resolution, 15 supported it and one was absent.
Mr. Dodd and other leading critics say military measures, by their nature, tend to dominate the policy and the image projected abroad by it, even if economic aid is triple the amount of security assistance.
Exceptional Day for Pinkett Despite chilly temperatures and winds as strong as 35 miles an hour, the second-largest crowd in Beaver Stadium history, 85,899, witnessed a game that was entertaining and for the most part well played.
This change should help in upgrading the Family Court by rewarding its abler jurists.
He won re-election in the newly drawn Seventh District, which shifted south from his old district in north-central Queens to include Forest Hills, Kew Gardens, Richmond Hill, Rego Park and Bellerose on the Nassau County border.
Mr. Glezer was one of the organizers of the ''bulldozer'' exhibition of nonofficial art held on the outskirts of Moscow on Sept. 15, 1974.
They said it would cut their earnings next year by at least $600 million while not doing anything to reduce the size of the 1984 crop or improve their prices.
The readings will take place in the Bishop Dougherty Student Center.
Today's Columns The old free trade ideal may have become bankrupt in a world of cartels, export subsidies and national strategies aimed at capturing foreign markets.
''Nobody knows what the future holds.
Kohl to Test Soviet Attitudes The Chancellor was also reported to have said his visit to Moscow early next month would show whether the new Soviet leadership was making the mistake of overestimating the chances of influencing West German policy because of ''resistance in the street.''
These include Milan antitank missiles, 89-millimeter rocket-launchers and 120-millimeter mortars, as well as assault rifles and machine guns.
The audience laughed, and so did he.
The highly hypnotizable subjects recalled twice as many new items as controls but made three times as many new errors.''
George Frazier relieved him, but Frazier needed help with one out in the eighth after George Brett doubled and Hal McRae singled for the Royals' fourth run.
The Jazz led, 30-25, after the first quarter and extended that lead to 72-65 at halftime after Green hit a 3-point shot at the buzzer.
THE ANTI WAR MOVEMENT One group whose influence on Vietnam has been downgraded by the new scholars is the antiwar movement.
Which kitchen does what better?
Too many American and allied diplomats, he said, seemed resigned to losing to a Soviet-third world bloc.
They follow a dangerous, unpredictable course; death can come rapidly when the aneurysm breaks unexpectedly.
For example, he said, he hoped to share research among the brokers and to consolidate some operations, such as the clearing of securities transactions.
It lost $4.6 million before taxes in the year ended Aug. 31 and had a small loss in the first half of 1983 but expects a small profit for the entire year.
My most recent appointee is to the Ambassador of Austria and Helene let me know that something had taken place and she hadn't been told about it in advance, and when Helene speaks, I listen.
Analysts cited technical factors and new fears about fighting between Iran and Iraq.
One of the 21 casualties flown to the British Princess Mary Hospital at Akrotiri, Cyprus, died during the night, Navy authorities here reported, and 15 of the 68 servicemen hospitalized there and in West Germany and Italy were reported to be in serious or very serious condition.
But, since it was organized by the Government itself, it is considered likely to have difficulty in establishing its credibility.
He had 14 touchdown passes and scored another touchdown on a fumble recovery.
The New Grove Dictionary of Music and Musicians says, with perhaps the hint of a smirk, that a number of authentic basset horns survive, but that ''the fact that many are in good condition suggests that they were never extensively used, as one may also judge from the comparative scarcity of music written for the instrument.''
A proposed Harlem apartment complex that was cited five years ago as an example of runaway building costs in subsidized low- and moderate-income housing may be on the verge of construction.
The number of our citizens living below the poverty line, defined in the last census as $7,412 a year for a family of four, is greater than the entire population of Detroit.
Last year, he said, pedestrian deaths declined to 320, compared with 411 in 1981, a 22 percent reduction.
Charcoal Delicatessen & Restaurant, 50 Hoyt St., Brooklyn.
The players settled down, and ''after the strike,'' Pasquale said, ''we were sensational.''
America cannot afford to risk wasting the talents of the nation's gifted students by ignoring their needs, Senator Christopher J. Dodd says.
Two days later, he was riding along the same avenue when another car door opened in front of him.
Apple Computer dropped 3 1/8, to 17 3/4 bid after the company announced on Monday that it did not see any improvement in profits for the next two quarters.
championship game, it would have been better than his not appearing at all.
Then, suddenly, a servant rushed into the film-frame to tell his noble master, ''A rebel lion has broken out!''
'Can't Afford to Wait' ''We will report these studies even if they have serious flaws with a notation to explain what the problems are,'' he said.
The authors included Katherine Anne Porter, Robert Benchley, Lytton Strachey and Max Brand, the titles from ''The Education of Henry Adams'' to ''McSorley's Wonderful Saloon.''
A study issued in late July by the General Electric Mortgage Insurance Companies points up the strength this year of the fixed-rate phenomenon.
Mexico's debt is put at $80 billion.
National Computer crime investigators say that hundreds, possibly thousands, of young people are breaking into some of the nation's most sophisticated computer systems.
Ty Cobb excused his sharpening of his spikes in the same way.
And the Bethlehem Steel Corporation has built its own $60 million heat-treating line at its mill in Burns Harbor, 15 miles east of here.
Indeed, many of the Japanese shoes being worn this summer look like nothing so much as heaps of cotton braid glued to a sole.
Garcia is angry, and the reason, he says, is a contradiction in the team's position: Before the arbitration hearing, he says, the Jays were arguing that Garcia was not as consistent as Dave Stieb, the pitcher who recently signed a $6 million, five-year contract.
Mr. Upson, an account executive for Ted Bates Advertising in New York, graduated from the Deerfield Academy and from Claremont Men's College, now Claremont McKenna College, in California.
''We were state champs twice in high school and it was there.
After Hernandez walked on four pitches, George Foster drove Tim Lollar's 1-0 pitch to left for a single that sent Hernandez to third.
However, the accounting office found that companies often sold the suspect products while the agency sought internal agency and court approvals, which was found to take an average of 95 days.
The News survey, for example, found that the best-read strip was still ''Blondie,'' which celebrates a 50-year marriage.
Still, the Cowboys have beaten the Redskins six consecutive times in four years.
The bride, until recently a marketing and advertising assistant for the San Francisco Symphony, graduated cum laude from Wheaton College after spending her junior year at Dartmouth College.
Iowa farmers also place their losses in the billion-dollar range.
The Ranger center, who weighs about 170 pounds, is listed as 5 feet 8 inches, and he clearly appears to be an inch or two shorter.
Jackson, 31, has been bothered with knee problems.
But they said evidence was mounting to substantiate the car-bomb theory.
Over all, the attendance rate in Houston schools this year is near 96 percent, according to Mr. Reagan, who also toughened attendance requirements.
Encouraged by good weather and an improved economy, tourists are heading to the prime Adirondack camping areas here in force in what officials say promises to be one of the busiest years since the mid-1970's.
In this year's first quarter, Ford reported net income of $211 million.
Five of the men, or 10.6 percent, have developed skin cancers; the expected incidence in the general population is about 0.17 percent a year.
Pressures Caused by Budget In New York, the advent of open admissions at the City University was a critical factor, some officials said.
A visitor to the once predominantly blue-collar, Irish-American neighborhood of 44,900 residents can now hear Korean, Spanish, German and Armenian in street-corner conversations.
''Peggy's opened a new door for me, and I'm jumping in.
A new transplant technique appears to have greater potential for saving lives than transplants of any major organs such as the heart, kidney or liver.
The victory raised the Villanova record to 17-4.
Stoking that anxiety was the news last week that the Pope had sent Archbishop James A. Hickey of Washington, D.C., to look into criticism of Archbishop Raymond Hunthausen of Seattle, an outspoken opponent of nuclear arms who has withheld part of his income tax in protest.
''It is hard to believe that this was prime air transportation in the early 1930's, but it was.''
Prices and interest rates remain high, rendering home ownership impossible for many potential buyers.
Although conceding that purely Vietnamese issues were also at work, they insisted the Viet Cong was ultimately inspired by Moscow and Peking, which would profit by a Communist victory strategically, economically and politically.
Twenty percent of its apartments, many new and expensive, are going begging in a suddenly shattered market; hotels, many also spanking new, do well to reach a break-even 50 percent occupancy, and even the area's singlefamily housing market, while probably the healthiest in the country, shows signs of overbuilding.
Its previous high, 1,092.35, was set Jan. 10.
As for Cambodia's Vietnamese advisers, Foreign Minister Hun Sen of Cambodia said in an interview here that most critics refused to make a distinction between Vietnamese help and Vietnamese domination.
Three Federal dams, flood plain areas and the construction of Route 8 all cut deeply into the town's available industrial acreage.
Presbyterian Groups Declined The only major denominations to lose more than 1 percent of their reported membership were the Presbyterian Church in the United States, and the United Presbyterian Church in the U.S.A., two denominations which merged June 10 into the Presbyterian Church (U.S.A.).
April 22, 1977 - An oil well blows out in Ekofisk oil field in the North Sea, spilling 195,000 barrels of oil.
What bothers me is the terminology that is an integral part of golf.
Mr. Tsukerman's ''Liquid Sky,'' which opens today at the Waverly, presents a vision of the city that is genuinely startling.
The debt talks provide a forum for raising political questions and are needed if Poland is to be made to repay anything.
A 20-Cent Annual Dividend Last year, Superior earned $223 million, or $1.75 a share, on $2.04 billion in total revenue.
''I heard the sound of bombs and a lot of screaming.''
Cyrus R. Vance, the former Secretary of State, and Martin E. Segal, chairman of the board of Lincoln Center, have formed a committee that will seek to persuade Mayor Koch to alter his policy of collecting real-estate taxes from cultural and arts institutions that are now exempt.
But the situation, Mr. Vollmer said, began to approach a critical point in June, when results from Peach Bottom 3 near Lancaster, Pa., and Hatch Units 1 and 2 at Baxley, Ga., began arriving.
He composed instrumental concertos and music for chorus and orchestra, as well as chamber and other choral music.
Postwar Growth Aerial spraying really exploded as an enterprise in the years after World War II, when military pilots who could not find work elsewhere bought old Army trainers at surplus prices and set themselves up as crop-dusters.
In fact one Paris baker admitted that he mixed in day-old frozen baguettes with fresh ones and didn't see any need to inform customers.
Beyond the soldiers guarding the campus entrances, the abandoned buildings of the University of El Salvador are now barely visible.
The eight-hour days are spent studying 246 hours of programmed courses, designed by Financial Learning Systems Inc. of Minneapolis.
But beyond the overall budget freeze, his speech lacked a single overarching Reagan trademark such as his ''new federalism'' initiative last year.
There is nothing in the documents, however, that specifically indicates that Cuba and the Soviet Union were on the verge of taking over Grenada, as Administration officials have suggested.
''We didn't get paid for the last two,'' he said of the C.F.L.
Mike Venezia, who rode Elegant Life, said, ''I would liked to have seen some more pace in the race, but I really can't complain.''
On television, Miss Darnay played Eleanor Roosevelt's secretary in ''Eleanor and Franklin'' and had running roles in several daytime series, including ''The Edge of Night'' and ''Search for Tomorrow.''
His attentiveness to her is touching and the exuberance of his dancing gives the choreography a lively spirit.
The Taxpayer's Dollar The fact is that in the past few decades we have seen a dramatic shift in how we spend the taxpayer's dollar.
*3*** COMPANY REPORTS ** View Full Article in Timesmachine »
A posthumous collection of somber stories set in the coal-mining and farming areas of West Virginia.
He said the mistake was his fault.
Nevertheless, he said, he would welcome the tax-credit program if only to allow a fair test of whether it or current mortgage-revenue-bond programs were more efficient and effective in providing mortgage money and aiding eligible first-time home buyers.
Phil Niekro (10-7) gained his 267th career victory.
Rich Gossage, who joined the Yankees as a free agent six years ago, crossed them off his free-agent list last night, saying he would ''not return to play for George Steinbrenner.''
After establishing the rules, the Court hastily returned to its judicial function and - almost as an afterthought - applied them to the facts of the particular case before it.
The Yankees were so active in past years that we didn't need that much this year.
But, he added: ''I dispute the case of its inevitability.
Instead, low partitions separate one desk from another.
And then there's the very van Goghish effect he creates with the whorls in a work called ''Left Pinch,'' a cliche mountain-and-skyscape extended by a mirror set into the left side of its deep frame.
''It is asking a lot of the private investor to put much faith in a company whose history is so strewn with broken promises, disappointments and poor management decisions,'' Mr. Black groused at the time.
I wondered, on our way home, if I'd have to wait till the cows come home, wherever they've gone.
''Where have we heard that before?
As I swung into the leafy driveway of the grand old Prince of Wales hotel, I wondered which of my schoolmates would be there; and would McGregor, the headmaster, be as vague and bumbly as ever?
The nation's largest auto maker said its fourth-quarter car and truck sales, to be reported next week, would mark a 20 percent gain over the 1982 quarter.
Visitors intent on absorbing all the High Road has to offer should set aside an entire day, or more.
Negotiations with the Common Market, according to Mr. Shultz and the United States trade representative, Bill Brock, have reached a critical stage.
Results of the two investigations are expected to be announced Saturday morning by Marshall Happer, the chairman of the Men's International Professional Tennis Council.
The state contends the driver, Gerald T. Gerlock Jr., intentionally hit a 7-year-old, George DeCasanova, because of ethnic bias.
'Poles Were Happy to Come' There is much legend in the Polish-French connection, but Mr. Beauvois dismisses talk about primordial ties as ''folkloric.''
The young aide, who ran a Kodak duplicating machine at Reagan-Bush headquarters in suburban Virginia, testified for 14 hours on Aug. 29 and 30.
Do the consonants clip the flow of vowels into unintelligibility?,'' and so on.
A theater official later acknowledged that while the cast had pretended to honor Mao's legacy, ''in reality it catered only to unhealthy tastes and polluted our theater.''
Yardney is a majority-owned subsidiary of the Whittaker Corp.
Oh had a career average of .301, and was named the Japanese League's outstanding player nine times.
He said that this would have given Metro-North greater flexibility but that Mr. Ravitch would not accept it.
Not every bank is eager to sell, said Mr. Johnson, the 49-year-old part-owner of three small and strong independent banks across the state and president of the Bank of Pasco County in Dade City.
The prices in winter range from $40 a night at the Viking, which is away from the water, to $80 or so at the Inn on the Harbor and the Harborside.
Retail prices for the furniture range from $12 for a candleboard to $650 for a triple dresser.
They were granted by the Town Assessor, and a long battle over their validity opened with the state.
If it does, it shows that even a well-articulated system won't stand up to a really controversial policy.
Education * Original appointees ** Designate Answers: 1.H, 2.I, 3.K, 4.L, 5.M, 6.G, 7.F, 8.E, 9.J, 10.C, 11.A, 12.D, 13.B
Some of his pants are rounded over the hips in a jodhpur cut and he tends to pair them with fragile lace blouses as part of his affection for off-beat juxtapositions.
Electronics has replaced virtually every traditional musical instrument in the recordings of the most influential electro-pop producers and groups.
During Ramadan all eating, drinking and smoking are forbidden from dawn to dusk.
The first quarter this year, it earned $2.1 million, and during the next quarter, according to Mr. Burr, the company also expects similarly favorable results.
; Donald J. Kirk, chairman of the Financial Accounting Standards Board; Juanita Kreps, economist and former Secretary of Commerce, and Carmel Carrington Marr, commissioner of the New York State Public Service Commission.
Without being greatly drawn to the abstract imagery - architectural in one case, organic in the other - the reviewer was impressed by the artist's attack and her sense of the monumental.
''It's a bad decision from a military standpoint,'' said Colorado Democrat Gary Hart, a Presidential prospect who had led an unsuccessful filibuster, ''a bad decision from an economic standpoint, and a terrible decision from the standpoint of national security.''
Spain offers an increasingly attractive model.
Translating the tragic, introspective vision of Strindberg from the theater to the screen, he brought a new seriousness to the form - what was ''entertainment'' became ''art''; the ''movies'' became ''cinema'' - and he also demonstrated the medium's ability to probe philosophical issues and interior states of mind.
Otherwise, the audience was well behaved in the opinion of those in charge of a security detail that was considerably strengthened in anticipation of angry displays by the Jet family of fans.
Begin, having appointed the commission to stop a firestorm, cannot reject its key verdict.
... New York doesn't ever want you to stand still; you can feel, when you listen, how she shifts and she moves and she just goddamn belly dances all through the night, asking you to come on out and let her try to turn you on!''
In all my years in the N.F.L., I was never able to wind down until a few hours after a game or a few months after the season.
Every afternoon the television is full of it, cameramen on motorcycles catching closeups of bicyclists nearly evaporating in the heat as they labor up mountainsides.
At times, when his ingenuity failed him, Mr. Sellars was thrown back on merely frantic action, barely related to the text or to his overall concept.
Hundreds of people were killed in the campaign and more than 6,000 disappeared.
'More Information Now' Mr. Williams supported a bill this year, sponsored by Assembly Speaker Stanley Fink, that would have doubled fees charged to waste-producing companies.
The United Nations Secretary General, Javier Perez de Cuellar, arrived in the Irish Republic today on a three-day visit to discuss United Nations peacekeeping efforts in Lebanon and problems in Ireland.
''First we have to fix up a political committee to prepare the agenda and then see where to meet.''
Briefs on the merits are due 45 days after the Court grants review.
Those 18 to 45 are classed as ''transitionally needy'' but can be treated as ''chronically needy'' under some circumstances.
White House aides said that Kenneth Duberstein, the Congressional liaison agent, had warned there would be objections to the standby tax proposal.
But politically a veto would certainly hurt the Republicans in some farm state Senate races.''
Sohn recalls ''a big guy, No.
His real early training came with performing in neighborhood variety shows.
''Three days after they did the skin graft on my hand, the physical therapist came in and said that they were going to start exercising my hand,'' said Peter Accumanno, a Greenburgh resident, who was burned on 25 percent of his body when gasoline from a gas leak in his car caught fire, igniting his clothing.
At the front, blazing bougainvillea will cast a scarlet mantle across the sparkling silver beach as you tan to just the right hue under a sun which is never permitted to become too hot.
Jose Alberto Zambrano, the Foreign Minister of Venezuela, said, ''It is profoundly disturbing that situations of force tenaciously persist.''
Mr. Fierstein hopes to accomplish a similar feat with his next project.
''Most oil and gas drilling, real estate and equipment leasing shelters are generally standing up without too much attention from the I.R.S., because they're designed primarily to earn a profit,'' said Mr. Brennan of the Brennan Reports.
Mr. Motherwell was the youngest of the Abstract Expressionists, the last one to devote himself to painting (beginning about 1941) and the only one not to have had a solid traditional art formation.
The second movement of the Mozart clarinet concerto is one of man's great works.
''You just can't overlook a team like the Falcons,'' said Dexter Manley, the Redskins' big defensive end.
The Lebanese Army would have to be built up and become an effective force.
Mr. Gramm's reviews were a litany of raves.
The result: take-home pay of $1,416, or $50 more each month than under the standard plan.
His wife would cook spaghetti dinners and, according to Meyer, he and the players would watch television and talk about basketball, a setting he remembers laughingly as ''Monday Night at the Meyers.''
Next, Iraq persuaded a number of governments, including those of the United States, Brazil, Turkey, Thailand, Australia and Japan, to supply credits for food imports, so austerity has not pinched too hard.
Formally, Miss Pennison mixes her media and uses repetition to dramatic effect.
Can a very powerful earthquake set the stage for another one far away?
''It makes more sense for South Africa to have an unstable Marxist regime on its borders,'' said the Mozambican official, ''than to topple Machel and replace him with a client state that would cost a lot to support.''
Using Jamaican reggae and ska and funk rhythms as a starting point, the group translates everything, from American swing to garage-band rock, into a vivacious party music with a sense of humor.
That makes about as much sense as prescribing strangulation as a remedy for a bad cough.
It thereby raises intriguing questions about the value of arrest and new hope for the value of research.
Montenovi, a highly respected family-owned Roman shipping firm, custom-built each box to the millimeter, using plywood and poplar aged as much as seven years, great slabs of polyurethane foam, thousands of nails and screws and yards of mollettone - a thick cotton flannel that swaddled every painting that was shipped to New York.
The chestnut son of Halo-Mostly Sunny was syndicated for $7 million after his victory in the Louisiana Super Derby.
Jean Ficarola, 4, was admitted to Smithtown General Hospital in critical condition.
The center, which is under the Ministry of Education, has also done some of its own animations and has assembled Israeli actors to create an Israeli-style street.
Sholom Aleichem toured - as many writers do -as part of the price of success.
The judge, Oliver Gasch, said that there was no evidence in the record of the three-week trial that The Post had knowingly printed falsehoods or had published, with reckless disregard of the truth, an article about Mr. Tavoulareas that appeared Nov. 30, 1979.
The 17.5 seconds the pit stop took were well in excess of Alboreto's lead at the checkered flag.
Since the end of last year, the G.N.P.
Although Mr. Ozal has not formally been asked to form a Government, he is considered the Prime Minister-designate.
And I think, what you're seeing now, is a direct relation to what management said.
Fought played the front nine in 34 on the strength of four birdies and two bogeys.
The new council, which represents Essex, Hudson, Bergen, Passaic, Union and Middlesex Counties, hopes to draw visitors to the parks, theaters, restaurants, hotels and historic sites in its region.
In the fall, the play was given a series of readings at New York's Circle Repertory Company.
MRS. HARRISON and MR. WILLMOTT: Many experts question the need for any future construction before the year 2000.
Rockaway: The Rockaway Marketplace, 350 Route 46, (201) 625-9272.
Prime Minister Edward P. G. Seaga announced tonight that he had asked the Governor General to dissolve Parliament and to prepare for new elections.
He said these witnesses included the driver of the bus Mr. Kline was riding, the civilian driver of a pickup truck the soldiers used to take him away and the person who recovered his body.
The Congressional Budget Office's study said that workers who had insurance from private, profit-making concerns received ''on average, good coverage of large medical expenses.''
In Cairo, the spokesman for the Egyptian Foreign Ministry, Raouf Ghameim, said ''the whole matter was an unintended error'' by a construction crew at work on an Egyptian checkpoint.
''But I tried to stop it.
Let the character actors lay out the plot.
The published Soviet budget does not cover all arms-related expenditures, and the United States Government has tried to make its own estimates of military outlays based on indirect data and intelligence information.
When he died in 1936, Mr. Ringling left it all to the State of Florida.
Joe Luppi's Texas-style barbecued pork 1 four-to-six-pound center-cut whole loin of pork (weight with bone in).
Mr. Ali told reporters after meeting Mr. Reagan that the departure of Mr. Arafat from Lebanon had opened the way for ''a political approach'' to Middle East problems.
One was a colt who fetched $1 million and the other a filly who went for $335,000.
Dow used to make the herbicide 2,4,5-T, known as Agent Orange when it was used to defoliate jungles in the Vietnam War.
Miss Tanner said that when she took over last spring ''the internal file system was confused enough to be unable to delineate'' what kinds of cases were being held up.
But not until the Jackson police had reported finding him was there total assurance that he was safe and sound.
The school system agreed to pay $1 per chair.
And the biggest storm you ever saw came that night, but not a soul left.
''This is a country ripe for people with large messianic dreams; you never know when they will sprout.''
Those with memories of traveling from the city by Northern Boulevard and Hempstead Turnpike and Sunrise Highway in those days before speedways may now be regarded as pioneers.
Mr. Hughes said that, ''for us, the actual release of the vast majority of political prisoners will play a critical role in determining our future policy toward Poland.''
Rabbi David H. Wice performed the ceremony at Temple Rodeph Shalom in Philadelphia.
John Campbell won seven harness races at the Meadowlands tonight to set a track record.
Recent bond issues have allocated more than $235 million for prison construction, but the relief to be provided by three new state prisons will not be available until 1985 at the earliest, with some additions not scheduled for completion until 1988.
He said a statement on the case would be issued today.
I had a problem whether to write the letter when I was leaving, but I thought the situation was so dramatic, I had to take action.''
The accord calls for a brand that will be available in local currency outlets in China, in foreign currency tourist shops and for export to international markets.
''Waiting'' and a second Degas, ''The Cafe Concert,'' which sold for $3.4 million to an unidentified buyer, were favorites of H.O.
All --------------------------------------------------------------------- Arthur J. Goldberg was Secretary of Labor under President John F. Kennedy and was a United States Supreme Court Justice.
At many houses, $5,000 for a simple daytime suit is the lowest price, and the top of the line is out of sight.
''I never plan to return to coaching.
When enzymes cut DNA into pieces, fragments called ''variants'' are often produced.
Because it is federally chartered, the credit union's deposits are insured by the Federal Government for up to $100,000.
Earlier in the day, Dr. Parker was more pointed in his complaint.
There is no way this welter of variety can be shown in all the regional markets in the entire world, including Paris, Italy, Hong Kong, Korea, you name it.''
I'm happy it is now possible for me to donate money to causes such as yours.''
Its leader is unpopular - so unpopular that a poll for the BBC suggests that if Mr.
Amnesty quoted former inmates as saying that torture was widespread and prisoners lived in packed and squalid cells where they urinated on the floor and slept without bedding.
Malls teem with activity, restaurants and theaters abound, and still he considers it a pleasant place in which to reside.
Forcing his smaller players to work man-to-man, Williams said, would have risked foul problems when there was still plenty of time to catch up.
The award goes to the writers of prime-time television programs that have ''a humanizing influence'' on television.
''I'm the happiest woman in the world.''
and some will not - a combination,'' he declared.
A convicted felon who is sentenced to prison is supposed to lose his voting rights, and disenfranchised citizens are supposed to lose state party office.
An emotionally powerful sampling, drawn from millions of documents, describing the black military experience during the Civil War and the transition to freedom.
In 1930, he won a part on Broadway in an operetta titled ''Meet My Sister.''
On the other hand, he introduces the main course with a serving of soup: the bouillon made from cooking the chicken with the addition of thin noodles.
Automobile traffic through downtown must make a detour several blocks south, below the point where the makeshift canal empties into the storm drains.
''It's unfair to say the President has been rigid,'' one aide remonstrated.
''Reflections: Steve Lacy Plays Thelonious Monk'' is the earliest of the soprano saxophonist's many tributes to Monk's genius, and features the pianist Mal Waldron, now Mr. Lacy's partner in a performing and recording duo.
He also plans a 20-story office building and will replace the decrepit station with a waiting space and a pedestrian bridge containing small shops over the tracks.
"The first and last resort in time of disaster is the Red Cross, and we are there.
We've been doing a lot more running lately.''
The ''extraordinary gift'' to which the President referred includes 50 paintings by Pierre Auguste Renoir, Georges Seurat, Edouard Vuillard, Eugene Boudin, Claude Monet, Paul Gauguin, Vincent van Gogh, Jean-Frederic Bazille, George Bellows, Mary Cassatt, John Crome, Arthur Devis, Henry Fuseli, William Hogarth, Francis Wheatley, Richard Wilson, Joseph Wright, Joseph Zoffany, Paul Klee, Kenzo Okada, Nicolas de Stael, Joan Miro and Jacques Villon.
The chances of it not occurring seem about zero.
In each case, according to other Environmental Conservation Department officials, the decision to move depends on whether tests showed abnormally high concentrations of pesticides.
Admission is free, first come, first served.
The Federal Reserve reported yesterday that the basic measure of the nation's money supply rose $1.6 billion in the financial week ended Nov. 23, a gain that left the financial markets still deeply divided over the outlook for monetary policy.
Baseball seems particularly susceptible to the recall of one moment.
Seventh Avenue showrooms are filled this month with new collections for the season called resort.
Mr. Schwarz, whose office has overseen the negotiations, said he was uncertain how much the renovation of the buildings would cost.
Unlike most other savings and loan associations across the country that lost money in 1982 because of high interest rates, Raritan Valley reported earnings of $240,000 last year.
Other, more mainstream segments of the bar are not so supporting.
People won't accept that any longer.
They're questioning our laboratory methods.''
He read our coverages and our blitzes and he gave them spark.''
Just behind them, on 23 lists, were John C. Calhoun of South Carolina and Daniel Webster of Massachusetts.
''We were like a series of cottage industries,'' Mr. Donnelly said.
James B. Walsh, an assistant United States Attorney and the prosecutor of the DeLorean case, presented an impassioned argument against release but was scolded by one of the judges for not keeping better control over the evidence in the case.
The wide divergence in those views is illustrative of how little solid evidence is available to fill in the great blanks in the history of avian evolution.
These are buildings that are enormously cooperative in establishing a protective feeling, a human scale, great architectural variety within an overall continuity, and a certain 19th-century social decorum.
Frazier left the game in the seventh inning after Kirk Gibson ran into him as he rounded first base.
Just months before the uprising at the state prison in Ossining, the prison's superintendent and a senior state correction official warned of the imminent danger of a riot by inmates at the facility.
In April, Allied had agreed to buy the chemical business for about $410 million.
The companies essentially contend they are pricing the oil fairly in what they agree is a most unusual situation.
''Dublin has a very tatty look,'' said Nick Murphey, a Government finance worker.
Some 115,000 people, 70 percent of them Democrats, are eligible to vote.
Known as a ''left ventricular assist device,'' it supplements the pumping action of the patient's own left ventricle while that part of the natural heart recovers from an injury.
The most mechanically minded of the group had no trouble, but a dextrous woman lacked the strength to disconnect a gas pipe and ''a man of self-confessed mechanical ineptitude'' spent four frustrating hours installing new heater coils.
STEPHEN L. SLAVIN Associate Professor of Economics Union County College Cranford, N.J., Sept. 20
The romantic notion of the frail French baker slaving through the night to provide breakfast fare is just about a fairy tale these days, though there are still a few diligent souls who do work through the night.
To the Editor: When people ask my wife or me what we thought of the television version of ''Nicholas Nickleby,'' we simply say, ''Sorry, we don't have a TV.''
''Cash to invest in these securities is a very rewarding thing to have at a time of high interest,'' said Albert T. Sommers, chief economist at the Conference Board, an industry-supported research organization in New York.
Can the loss of riders to private express buses and cars and taxis be reversed?
Browned leaf tips could be the result of erratic watering - allowing a plant to become too dry and drenching it; accumulations of fertilizer salts from overfeeding; too sunny a location.
Recent studies support the notion that many teen-agers will forgo contraception - but not sex -rather than let their parents know they are sexually active.
This table is expected to sell for up to $120,000.
However, a separate Commerce Department report today indicated that retail sales declined five-tenths of 1 percent in January and four-tenths of 1 percent in February, hardly suggesting any surge in buying on credit.
The murder occurred after a dispute in Norfolk early Sunday morning and Mrs. Harford was then driven to New York City, according to Officer Fred Elwick, the police spokesman.
He's the state of the art in diving.''
Nicolette won the playoff on No.15, a par 4 of 426 yards.
I was in a bad situation.
On the other hand, Miss Roda could not really command the superficial virtuoso brilliance necessary to make the Ginastera piece work.
Begin with a long presoaking with water and a good lather.
Because of the relatively dry and mild winter, the two streams were down, leaving a dry bottom of flattened stones and brown sand at the confluence.
So did the statement in the final declaration calling for a continued battle against inflation.
In an impromptu news conference in his City Hall office that was requested by reporters, Mr. Koch gave various reasons why he had held the report for more than six months.
When Treasury yields rose, it increased the cost of Biscayne's deposits.
c-After investment losses of $931,698 for the quarter and $704,766 for the 6 months.
'') to Pet Guilt ('' 'No, Mikey, your mom and me, we're both allergic to cats' ''), plus dozens of other varieties familiar to any child owner.
It even compensates for the long wait between courses and disorganized service that seems characteristic of this otherwise attractive establishment.
Before disapproving the content bill, the Ways and Means Committee approved a ''reciprocal trade and investment'' bill that would broaden authority for American officials to battle trade barriers against United States exports.
He said that ''cures in our program are very rare'' because so many of his patients are either too senile or lack the money and and the physical and mental strength to change.
The Democratic leadership finally won, despite vigorous White House lobbying, because it used adroit parliamentary maneuvering and intense lobbying to solidify party sentiment against the Administration and attract a handful of Republican defectors.
John Garabedian, a recreation director who has been with the city's department of parks and recreation for 22 years, said that ''about 10 years ago, there was an explosion of interest, like in running.''
Thomas, Gladys Knight and Johnny Rivers.
An example is the time- honored guide for the first spraying to control plum curculio.
PGA: 1984, Shoal Creek Golf Club, Birmingham, Ala. (Aug. 16-19); 1985, Cherry Hills Country Club, Denver (Aug. 8-11); 1986, Inverness Club, Toledo, Ohio (Aug. 7-10).
Wear an old, comfortable one instead, or you might be distracted by an itching neck.
It's a distasteful part of anybody's life.
He concluded his remarks by saying that E-A ''is now starting to gather momentum which - I am quite confident - will be reflected in improved performance figures sooner or later.''
''We can invest in large-capitalization stocks and we are willing, under certain market conditions, to move a substantial portion of assets into cash,'' explained Ronald Stewart.
Floyd, the easy winner of the 1976 Masters, and Stadler, the defending champion, were tied for the lead at six-under-par 210 following today's third round on the Augusta National Golf Club's 6,905-yard course; Ballesteros, the sometimes wild but always long golfer from Spain who won the 1980 Masters, was a stroke back at 211; Watson, the 1977 and 1981 winner, was another shot back in a tie with Jodie Mudd at 212.
They sold with an 11.78 percent yield, only 14 basis points (hundredths of a percentage point) greater than the yield for comparable Government-guaranteed certificates.
''Before Lebanon, I could answer them,'' he said.
''But we are not in the habit of asking for help.
Both concerns are privately held.
''He's paying $60 a month,'' said Mr. Haselkorn, ''and they won't even discuss higher rent.
The woman's life-support systems were disconnected after the birth, and her breathing stopped.
Besides this hunch, he has the results of telephone consumer surveys done by the fair in six major markets that confirm this.
Three months ago, several Torahs were reduced to ashes and buried on the temple grounds in one of a series of arson attacks on synagogues and homes of Jews that have stunned this quiet, affluent community.
Take pictures of the 75-foot rigs and what they do.
They were also ordered to pay fines, $5,000 each for Wilson and Aikens, $2,500 for Martin.
- While our goal has been to provide access to education for all children, the top 5 percent of the United States population is as skillful as the top 5 percent from any nation in the world - however small a percentage of youngsters it educates.
When the miners finally surfaced and surrendered, Mr. Opitek was arrested, tried and sentenced to three years in prison.
Mr. Gould works at his desk, not at the piano as many composers do.
The Justice Department has asked Israel to accept a former Nazi sympathizer who has been ordered deported from the United States because he incited anti-Jewish riots in Rumania in World War II.
It is, after all, a time-consuming process that doesn't pay particularly well.
has not addressed the tax aspects of junior-stock arrangements, and the S.E.C.
Shipping-line officials often insist that most ships are cleaner than many popular restaurants and even the kitchens of most homes.
But the adviser expressed a belief, now widespread in the United States Military Group stationed here, that ''you don't win guerrilla wars by killing guerrillas.''
Dr. Papallo said some students made the sign of the cross, others bowed their heads, and others did nothing.
A toll-free 800 telephone number will enable subscribers to the service to order their tickets, which will be mailed if there is time or reserved at the box office.
He was 72 years old and lived in Manhasset.
''That goes for whatever you do.''
When asked by Professor Klamer whether he was after the truth, Mr. Lucas said, ''Yeah.
Even though I was still doing it, my heart wasn't in it.''
Mr. Will also said something else that was true - he said it was no secret in 1980 that he was a partisan and friend of Ronald Reagan.
The disadvantage of free lancing in this manner is that the boatman will almost certainly speak no English, which means he may not be able to impart much information on the surroundings or catch your meaning if you want to change directions.
And so sweet flavors come from raisins, currants, fruits and berries, honey, fruit-based and balsamic vinegars, pignoli nuts, chutneys and preserves, mint, lime or reduced and thick purees of sugar- laden root and bulb vegetables such as carrots and onions.
HOCKEY HARTFORD (NHL) - Returned Ross Yates, center, to Binghamton of the American Hockey League.
Miller and O'Meara were eliminated on the second hole, No.
The Donizetti program will include rarely heard Donizetti chamber music, and will be presented tomorrow, Monday, next Friday and Dec. 15 and 17 at 8 P.M. and Dec. 11 at 3.
And just because agency people are known as creative people, the VIP guest dining room is protected by wood and stained glass doors saved from a razed private home.
But they said there was little chance it would be approved by the Republican-controlled Senate or accepted by President Reagan.
Though its guidance system will be less advanced than the that of the United States' Tomahawk cruise missile, the SSN-X-21 ''reportedly uses turbofan and microelectronic technology that the Soviets have obtained from the West,'' the Defense Review said.
People are gonna get mad at times.
''A high priority must be to get a hammerlock on this monster known as the Federal budget.''
Important Role Is Seen The critics concede that the Kennedy School plays an important role, bringing together scholars and politicians in a practical way that Harvard otherwise would not.
And they did it in one less game than the Montreal Canadiens, who scored 34 goals in six games in a 1973 series, and two less than the Philadelphia Flyers (34 in seven games in 1976).
But the Druses and the Phalangists and the others have been around for a long time, and the trouble they've gotten Lebanon into was predicted.
''But each has to be timely,'' cautioned the chairman.
In the United States Football League, each team has 50 players on its squad but may use only 40 in a game.
Soviet and Cuban Allies As the argument goes, South Africa's interests are better served by permitting its surrogates in the resistance movement to continue causing the instability that prevents the Maputo regime from presenting any viable challenge to South Africa.
The court, the State Court of Appeals, held, 7 to 0, that state trial judges may not dismiss criminal cases for repeated delays unless the period within which, by law, they must be brought to trial has elapsed.
Mr. Landau said that Roosevelt remained a base for artists, and for poets and musicians as well.
The Transit Authority yesterday displayed 325 new ''advanced design'' General Motors buses that include three features designed in response to complaints from riders.
A strict class system still prevails in the village, with two main groups.
Mr Heyman, a Connecticut real estate developer, said his committee for new management received about 8.43 million shares, or 6l.2 percent, of the shares cast as of Thursday.
Regular shrimp prepared scampi-style are garlicky but dry.
There is nothing in her book, alas, certainly no insight into Mr. Shannon's official assignments, that will cause the State Department any embarrassment.
Second, just as important, tax imported oil by $10 or more per barrel.
2 steelmaker, is expected to allow auto makers to reduce the thickness, and thus the weight, of the steel used in certain car sections by 10 to 20 percent.
Among Mr. Gould's published work is a textbook on microeconomic theory, a monograph on prevailing wage laws and papers on investment theory, transportations costs, and the dynamics of markets.
Psst, comrade, wanna buy a counterfeit bicycle for the same price as the genuine model?
YANKEES (AL) - Rehired Billy Martin as manager for third time; moved Clyde King into front office as an adviser to George Steinbrenner; signed Chuck Westgard, pitcher, to minor league cont ract.
He has now disciplined himself to see many applicants and to check references carefully.
Generally, this means that a board controlled by tenant-shareholders can vote to use the money put in the reserve fund as it pleases.
Doctors say that one of their most aggravating problems is that it often takes a week or more to learn the results of tests to diagnose the disease.
'I've never seen him do anything illegal, but we haven't been that close the past four or five years.''
But with their bold beginnings and tame conclusions, they promised more than they delivered.
He said the findings suggested that most of the waste was being properly managed.
He emphasized that Lam Jones was important to his success.
It is not our function as a commission of inquiry to lay a precise legal foundation for such indirect responsibility.
It has appeared on post cards, Christmas cards, record jackets.
Still, he said, the $271 rate is substantially less than the actual cost of providing care to a hospice patient.
''We never intended to pass these off as authorized L'Amour volumes, and now we're going to go ahead and publish.''
Av Isaacs, the first Toronto dealer to champion abstract art in the 1950's, thinks one reason Canadian art hasn't attracted more international attention is that ''Canadians tend to be lousy hustlers, lousy promoters of themselves.
Jacqueline M. Warren, a senior attorney for the council, said she believed today's action by the agency reflected no more than a desire to have her group's suit declared moot by now taking the proper procedural steps.
Tickets, $12.50 ($6 for those younger than 12); reserved seats, $21 (orchestra) and $20 (balcony).
That's a very nice position to be in.''
The fee was cut in half, to 3/4 percent, in December and was dropped again today, to 1/4 percent.
These were versions of the Chanel-inspired style that Adolfo has interpreted in knitted materials and that to his fans always looks fresh, even after long hours in a suitcase.
Gold slipped to $414.50 an ounce in London, from Friday's late $420.50.
Short covering coupled with some retail buying brought bond prices off the morning's lows, dealers said.
Six months later, his mother gave him an alto saxophone, and he began playing in earnest.
''I'm tremendously impressed by George Roy Hill's competence as a storyteller,'' he said.
To the younger generation of Russian artists that developed just before the Revolution, however, he gave an invaluable gift.
The Displaced Persons Act, under which Mr. Fedorenko was admitted, barred anyone who had ''assisted the enemy in persecuting civilians.''
Deficit Warning M ore than a dozen members of the House, including some who strongly advocate balanced Federal budgets, recently received notice that their own Congressional expense accounts were seriously unbalanced, according to a Congressional source who asked to remain anonymous.
But if he gets through the first month, if he can handle the pressure in the first month, he'll be O.K.''
If I am right, then installing ventilating louvers along this overhang, with probably some additional vents up near the eaves, is definitely a good idea.
''As he was out most of the day, I decided to gear the space to nighttime,'' Mr. Bronstein said.
Willie Huber, the Red Wings' all-star defenseman, has a broken rib and will be out for at least two weeks.
Though Budweiser will never challenge Kirin for its control of 62 percent of the Japanese beer market, it is the first time the two international brewers have met on one or the other's home turf.
At least one other operator has filed for bankruptcy.
The six young players then were added to the roster, bringing it to the maximum of 40.
While at Chase, Miss Considine served in various management positions in the operations department as well as strategic planning and product development.
''I thought Eamonn was starting to tire then,'' Flynn recounted, ''but just as I started moving up, he seemed to get a second wind and pull out.''
Fat Tuesday's, at Third Avenue and 17th Street (533-7902), is a mirrored basement club, short on space but long on intimacy.
For the average Pole, getting by is a matter of standing in long lines, grabbing whatever is available, and, above all, depending on ''connections,'' the shadowy illegal economy that provides some measure of relief.
Those figures, moreover, include overtime, which is an increasingly sore subject with Japanese bosses.
On Saturday, the Sudan again accused Libya of moving troops, armor and aircraft near its borders and charged that Libya was plotting to overthrow the Government of President Nimeiry.
What they will decide, whether he should run or not, they will obviously decide together.
The President said he did not think ''any Government or security men'' were involved in the assassination, but he characterized his view as a ''personal opinion.''
His next opponent will be Bill Scanlon, the No.14 seed, who has not dropped a set in three matches.
For centuries, it has been an area where peoples, cultures and national aspirations met and clashed.
A Note From Clark Last Friday, however, officials said Mr. Clark wrote a note to Mr. Smith suggesting that the Justice Department was the place for an investigation after all.
''When you give work out, do you give it to people you don't know?''
''The French see us Algerians as the people who kicked them out of Algeria and then, once we kicked them out, we packed up and came to France.''
I'm glad no one pulled a Larry Nelson on me.''
By the time the flashback ends and the repentent Katharine arrives to confess and provide a near resolution, the reader is likely to feel as much ennui as anticipation.
Pope John Paul II made last-minute changes in the revised code of canon law, rejecting a recommendation that the Roman Catholic Church reduce the number of holy days of obligation from 10 to two, church sources reported today.
warmly congratulating us on the treatment of this black fable, which avoided cliches and racial stereotypes.
Moakley (D) Y N 10.
According to the trade magazine Beverage Industry, sales of imported waters, most of which are sparkling, rose from 1.2 million gallons in 1976 to 28.1 million gallons in 1979 but fell back to an estimated 12.1 million in 1982.
The office of Comptroller Edward V. Regan now monitors and approves all consulting contracts for state agencies, but not for independent authorities.
Ruskowski later got his 13th and 14th goals of the season to give the Kings a 7-4 advantage.
After the Kahan commission report was released on the massacre in the refugee camps in Beirut, former Israeli Defense Minister Ariel Sharon was quoted as saying that the report had put ''the mark of Cain'' on his country; he subsequently said he refused to ''bear the mark of Cain.''
And nothing is more serviceable than the resulting conditioning of the young to that belief.''
Turn the bird breast side down and roast it, for 30 minutes more.
Cross confirmed this morning that Foster would sell a 49 percent interest in Sunny's Halo this week and that the price would be in the range of $4 million to $6 million.
Among the bigger movers in this group were Chicago Milwaukee, surging 3 5/8, to 66 1/8, and Southwest Airlines, rising 1 3/4, to 55 1/4.
S he did not decide to attend U.S.C.
Until the moment of actual departure into a Tripoli sunset, Mr. Arafat and his 4,000 fighters had huddled behind Palestinian women and children against the attacks of their former P.L.O.
He smiled and added: ''We decided what we wanted to celebrate was the peace treaty of 1783, when the fighting stopped and we finally sailed away.''
Donnelly (D) Y NEW JERSEY 1.
He did not mention names but officials said he was referring to Yusef Idris, an Egyptian author who called the 1973 Middle East war a conspiracy arranged by Egypt, Israel and the United States.
But Mother recovers and must die again.
Both Atlanta and Kansas City yesterday asked permission of the Washington Redskins to talk to their offensive coordinator, Dan Henning, who said he would be interested, but not until after the Super Bowl.
In the opening ceremonies, Simon marched at the head of the United States delegation.
The army's gains during the day were said to include the capture of the Druse-held villages near Suk al Gharb of Kaifun and Aitat.)
Brahms did not make things easy for preservers of his work.
Newcomers are changing the face of Australia A2 Poland announces austerity program of hard work A3 Funeral of slain Greek publisher turns into a protest A4 Around the World A5 U.S. hasn't asked Canada for missile test, Bush says A6 Three West German coalition parties agree on policy A7 NATO ministers endorse U.S. position on missiles A8 Moscow publicizes righting of a case of injustice A9 Guatemalan leader lifts state of siege A11 Documents made public by Foreign Relations Committee A21 Showing of secrets was U.S. compromise A22 Government/Politics Gallup Poll gives edge to Glenn and Mondale A14 Republican favored to win Colorado House race A18 Washington Talk Briefing B14 Speaker's Club and other groups promoting special access B14 Working Profile: French Ambassador Bernard Vernier-Palliez B14 General Around the Nation A18 Defense rests in New Orleans officers' rights case A25 Big toxic waste hauler accused of illegal business practices B12 Industry/Labor Metro-North Railroad lays off 550 workers as strike continues B9 News Analysis Charles Mohr assesses Reagan's ''vision of the future'' A21 Steven V. Roberts on House Democrats' budget victory A27 The Home Section Home Spareness gains new meaning in a quartet of city apartments C1 In the new clocks, design, not time, is of the essence C1 Helpful Hardware C2 Home Beat C3 Home Improvement C4 Hers C2 Gardening C5 A new formality at Saint Laurent C8 Shade can be new, even if lamp isn't C12 Arts/Entertainment Mayor Koch to press his plan for tax on theater tickets C14 Fugard's ''Master Harold'' stuns Johannesburg audience C17 A.R.
We simply spoke of planes belonging to the multinational force.
''For me, I go to sleep at night and feel very good about our basketball program, our school, and the things we're accomplishing.''
These days, abstraction is fashionable and no choreographer wishes to get mired in allegory or snarled in subplots.
The city also asked, as it intended to, for permission to drop the level of sewage treatment at the Hunts Point plant in the Bronx, the Wards Island plant and the Bowery Bay plant in Queens.
But if the shopper happens upon the yellow and purple pepino, the scent of that highly aromatic fruit will bring back thoughts of last summer's perfectly ripened plum.
Representative Nancy L. Johnson also brings to Congress a different perspective.
The home is occupied by Mr. Biegenwald's mother at 420 Sharrot Road in the Charleston section.
Up to 1,000 car trips a day were expected to be made by A. T. & T. employees traveling the narrow winding roads that lead to the reservation.
What else was special about the victory?
Now I have two hours on stage to develop the comedy.
In El Salvador, silence and safety still go hand in hand.
He has a more effusive personality than the others and has clearly enjoyed all the hoopla surrounding the Dolphins' rise to these Super heights.
Many of those who opposed the war never believed in the autonomy of the F.L.N., in the exemplary virtues of Hanoi, in the overwhelming popularity of the Vietcong.
'You Need Strength' ''I think it is important to move to a peaceful solution,'' Mr. Shultz said.
''The Government does not approve of these allegations.
I certainly hope ''You Can't Take It With You'' recoups its investment and reaps a handsome profit for the backers, and especially for Mr. Bantry.
If you run, you may lose, but if you don't run you're guaranteed to lose.''
American and Salvadoran officials tend to boast that such guerrilla tactics are politically counterproductive and backfire against the insurgents.
CSX Resources has become too large to run as a venture business, calling in outsiders to drill and supervise the production of the 330 oil and gas wells in which it has an interest.
Earlier this year, representatives of the company accompanied state officials on a public relations tour of Japan.
Mrs. Luhan deeded the ranch to Frieda Lawrence, who in return, gave Mrs. Luhan the manuscript of ''Sons and Lovers.''
A group of Soviet foreign policy experts has been visiting the U.S. for informal talks.
To China's complaints that modern American technology was not arriving fast enough, he replied that the number of export permits was rising but that some items with military application took time to resolve.
On the rare occasions when he has agreed to speak for the record, Mr. Salm has deviated very little from the position he originally outlined in a letter to The Southampton Press written in August 1982.
In this anecdote, the author suggests that few of us have the best coordination, that most of us need to cry out and cannot.
An American economic blockade prohibits United States goods and technology from being shipped to Cuba.
That came five plays after Clarence Kay recovered a fumbled punt at the Kentucky 17-yard line.
At the same time, Happy the public hero has been given back his old television show, making him a convenient target for the psychotic hit man.
19 uniform shirt; Truman Capote's had a huge stuffed toy dragon beneath it and one of Mr. Capote's fawn safari hats on its peak.
Otis Birdsong led the Nets with 24.
For Mrs. White, their death symbolized the demise of a way of life.
General Tire & Rubber Co, $50 million of subordinated debentures, due 2003, rated Ba2/BB.
Mary Elizabeth McDermott, daughter of Mrs. Thomas H. Connell of Westport, Conn., and the late John R. McDermott, was married yesterday to Ernesto Manuel Nassau, son of Mr. and Mrs. Kurt Helmut Nassau of Mexico City.
Most retailers do at least a fourth of the year's business at Christmas.
In sweltering 90-degree heat, the 25-year-old Curtis compiled a combined time of 2 hours 46 minutes 57 seconds for the 1.2-mile swim, the 28-mile bike race and the 10-mile run.
After months of prodding by Americans, the so-called National Plan, which Salvadoran and United States officials likened in March to the ''rural pacification'' program in Vietnam, began in San Vicente in June.
The future bride expects to graduate in May from the University of Miami School of Law where she is an editor of the Law Review and to join the Washington law firm of Steptoe & Johnson as an associate in the fall.
In European waters, for example, there is the 15-night Wine Lovers' Cruise aboard the Vistafjord, featuring shipboard wine experts, wine tastings and tours of vineyards in France, Portugal and Spain.
The Government charges that they falsified studies on the toxicity of the soap additive TCC, or Trichlorocarbanilide, and on Naprosyn, a drug for arthritis, and on possible cancer-causing effects of the herbicide Nemacur and the pesticide Sencor.
Most highway fatalities took place from May through September, with 76 fatalities during that period.
''I belive we are on the right course, bumpy as it is right now.''
''I have my austerity budget, Cuomo has his,'' he said.
program there in March 1981, having earlier served as an A.I.D.
She has survived the limited requirements her materials have imposed on her: she has kept plausible conversation going between two people who are going nowhere.
The British consider the United States Secret Service, with its bristling weaponry and its concealed radios, both comical and sinister.
It could involve the U.S. Navy and Marines in a far more dangerous operation than in Lebanon, at a time when they are tightly stretched.
On this point, we can't judge the outcome until we know what occurred in the Pope's meetings with Gen. Wojciech Jaruzelski and with Lech Walesa, which underscored the fact that Jaruzelski is not the only authority in Poland.
Dotted rhythms in the orchestra were often pushed and blurred, and many of the singers had to struggle breathlessly.
Dr. McLellan, who had been the department's Assistant Commissioner for Science and Research, is president of the New Jersey Academy of Science.
He is believed by these agents now to be too big an operator ever to see or touch the narcotics himself.
Mixed among these are Indian ragas, played on sitar and tabla, jazz improvisations, country dances and even a bit of ''Pink Panther'' music.
Three men were charged in a Middlesex court today with taking part in the robbery of $38 million in gold bullion from a warehouse near Heathrow Airport 12 days ago.
Morris Landau and his wife and care partner, Goldie, smiled.
While there is an a la carte menu at lunch and dinner, most guests seek the cook's guidance.
Mr. Kemp, a Republican of some power and influence in the House and in party circles, spent 11 years trying to get a ship named for the city he represents.
Gerald F. Greaves and Msgr.
The group said it would have to spend $500,000 on renovations if the deal went through.
From this new money, the World Bank hopes for an incremental rate of return of 17 percent.
Pat McGowan, Donnie Hammond and Mark McCumber scored 69.
In the last few days, many businessmen have complained that their economic security is no less dependent on reasonable energy costs than Grumman's.
The clothes simply look more graceful and more important than the tight, skimpy styles that went before.
Like most ranchers, the people up Currant Creek would just as soon shoot a beaver as look at it.
Put them in a few million cars and the cost drops to about $300.
And except for the couple cheating on public assistance, who feared arrest, they were willing to be quoted by name.
Yet the Soviet Union has still not apologized nor has it accepted responsiblility for this atrocity.
Terrence Sweeney, a Jesuit priest who served as a consultant to David Wolper and Stan Margulies, co-producers of the show, said that ''The Thorn Birds'' should be judged on its ''overall effect, and not on its plot line.''
Aberdeen $83,500 *2*63 Idlewild Lane, 3-bedroom, 2-bath, *2*19-year-old ranch; new carpeting, raised *2*hearth fireplace; taxes $2,168.
The Mellon National Corporation said yesterday that its Girard Bank subsidiary would acquire Heritage Bank N.A.
The index, which stood at 100 in March 1973, peaked at 126.02 on Nov. 8, 1982.
He was taken to Scripps Clinic in La Jolla and fitted with an elbow-length cast.
''They find many times that the patients they deal with are very angry, very hostile,'' Dr. Curran said.
But the judges responded to the Mayor's charges with figures that, they said, showed that sentences were being imposed as quickly as possible.
But the budget deficit kept growing, climbing $21.41 billion last month to $179.82 for the first 10 months of the current fiscal year.
Right Donor Is Hard to Find In Dr. Frenkel's case, the possible cure for leukemia, a bonemarrow transplant by a healthy donor, seemed nearly impossible.
Whether it is the market or the transfer price being manipulated, it is significant that neither price is real.
Ray Ekpu, a columnist, was arrested and charged with murder after he satirized the practice among some officials of burning down public buildings to cover up evidence of embezzlement and fraud.
The law says that no handicapped person shall be excluded from a federally supported program ''solely be reason of his handicap.''
''I hate making people cry,'' he says as if admitting it to be his worst fault.
''The town needs to carve out its role in the northwest corner and provide jobs for its citizens,'' Mr. Boster said.
The Ferre victory appeared to strengthen his bid for a major role in Democratic Party politics next year, particularly if the fortunes of Mr. Mondale rise.
One dissident intellectual, Edward Lipinski, sent an open letter to Gen. Wojciech Jaruzelski, the Polish leader, saying: ''The Polish state has been transformed into a jungle of lawlessness.''
More conventionally, the artist copied his own work, notably the portrait he made of Henry Clay shortly after arriving in New York City.
Later Ungaro offered calf-length versions of similar styles, emphasizing the point that fashion today is not coercive about skirt lengths.
Others suggest that Congress will respond by stripping the executive of important discretionary power previously granted by Congress with legislative-veto strings attached.
And yet, one must not be too ready to dismiss.
The process in Westchester of quarterly reports would be very difficult for us to produce.
The shows are a mixture of American and Israeli segments.
Strachey should not have translated ''Mutterleib'' as ''uterus''; ''womb'' is better.
He said that he and other South Jersey legislators would join with the mayors and RAGE members in explaining their opposition to the Governor.
The range of repertory these pictures indicates may come as a surprise to some.
Mr. Kean said he would sign the bill, sponsored by State Senator Laurence S. Weiss, Democrat of Middlesex, as soon as his counsel's office completed its review.
The other morning we were at the rink and it was freezing cold and I told Judy, 'Thank God, I like you.'
The shells are much lighter than bombs dropped from aircraft and do not have the explosive force to collapse a building or do much damage beyond the immediate area in which they strike.
Harry Oppenheimer has dined fairly often in the residences of African Presidents, such as Zambia's Kenneth Kaunda, who recently welcomed him to Lusaka as an old friend.
champion and ranked third by the W.B.C.
But there was no ''authorial intentionality'' correction needed from the 19th century to the 20th century for the memorable feminist lines in ''Marion Fay'': ''God has made me better than a lady.
''The dialogue in my novels is mostly made up.
Last year's team was the youngest in the National Football League.
Mozart's wonderful Quintet for Winds and Piano (K. 452) began the evening, and the Vivaldi Gloria ended it.
After a hectic Wall Street year, Miss Mitchell has just retired as supervisor of over-the-counter pricing at Chase Econometrics/Interactive Data Corporation, a Chase Manhattan subsidiary.
*3*** COMPANY REPORTS ** View Full Article in Timesmachine »
''In my view, this proposal is the key to insuring a lasting effort by college presidents to keep athletics from getting out of hand,'' he said.
Mr. Mazur, who is 65 years old, was born in New York City and educated at Brooklyn College, Brooklyn Law School and New York Law School.
Ottawa will provide $265 million and Quebec $110 million, Mr. Lumley said.
Current policy allows their use against Brooklyn moss only when they also serve other business, like painting the traffic light or replacing its bulbs.
''It looks like we may have resumed our previous rate of decline, but it's really too early to say,'' Dr. Powell said.
With more than two months now having passed since the second argument, the latter theory looks more and more plausible.
Free with museum admission: $3 ($2 for students, $1 for under-16's and over-65's).
According to Mr. Gleason, his older son in second grade is more excited about his graduation than he is.
''Usually a movie tie-in depends on the movie's success.
A case that had been pending for six months was adjourned, this time because no lawyer had come.
These include such devices as heart pacemakers and intrauterine devices.
For the America's Cup and most other races, there is an almost religious observance of Rule 26 of the International Yacht Racing Rules.
By most indications, the Government enjoys wide support.
But Christianity offers you a set of values, a way of affirming your personal relationship with God.''
One major producer, the National Fruit Company, has a policy of hiring only domestic labor, according to Charles Toan, the company's vice president for production.
The commission voted unanimously today for a moratorium that bars companies from using the method if they had not publicly disclosed that they were doing so by April 14, 1983.
In the last week prices fell enough to raise yields slightly for the highgrade general obligation bonds in the Bond Buyer 20-bond index, and the 30-year bonds included in the Bond Buyer revenue bond index.
I come in and say what's going to happen, what's happening, this is what it is'' - a conference on detectives' shields, a retirement ceremony, a lunch at Gracie Mansion, a discussion of overtime costs, a meeting about officers on restricted duty, news interviews or a report on a shooting.
Selig's stand has not deterred the owners who want him, however, and they continue their efforts to try to persuade him to reconsider.
The proof is in what it does, not in what it says.
But by 1990, this modified rule would be dropped.
A third MHS release worth mention goes under the title of ''Salacious Chansons and Other Renaissance Ribaldry'' (MHS 4708H), and features the New York Ensemble for Early Music's Gleemen under the direction of Frederick Renz.
little by little over the next half- dozen years, the public would catch glimpses of the truth: that OPEC and the oil companies, despite their heated rhetoric and power struggles, were allies in profiteering.''
North Carolina (2-0), which led by 33-30 at halftime, hit 64.3 percent of its shots.
Miss La Follette ran unsuccessfully for the House of Representatives from Manhattan's 19th District on the Conservative Party ticket in 1964.
The People's Daily, in its strongest language since Yuri V. Andropov became Soviet leader in November, urged all ''peace-loving'' countries to ''increase the pressure on the aggressor and provide moral and material assistance to the Afghan people in their struggle.''
''He said, 'What you really ought to do is find a winning coach,' '' Mr. Hardin remembered.
Extension Still Sought It added that in negotiations this week it would continue to seek an extension until June 30 for repayment of the $800 million debt, all of it now due before then.
''I must reiterate,'' Kuhn wrote, ''that any future improper conduct on your part or on the part of the Yankees may result in such other sanctions, including suspension, as may be within the commissioner's authority.
Specialists in church-state affairs say the recent substantial gains in ecumenical understanding and cooperation could be threatened by a bitter fight over the Adminstration's action.
''We also like this industry for the three-to-five-year pull, even though the sharp price gain has taken some of the frosting off the cake.
If Miss Haber really believes that pensions, Social Security and geriatric medicine have somehow joined ''to enforce the powerlessness of old age,'' one must suspect that she is too young to remember what industrial America was like without them.
Sales dropped to $501.3 million, from $671.5 million.
The Fed manages the nation's money supply, which is a major factor in determining the course of the economy.
Flood's allegorical play, ''Solid Geometry (The Labors of Love),'' whose costumes and props by Mr. Otterness consist of enormous but lightweight geometrical figures.
He concedes that a number of his more immediate predecessors had the same objectives, but that few had gotten very far.
Billings could be between $3 million and $5 million.
''I don't love them either, but they are plain,'' Mr. Barbero said.
's crossroads A31 Nat Hentoff: A specter Hoovering over F.B.I.
Collaborations among choreographers, composers and visual artists are, of course, nothing new.
The question is whether, faced with a rising tide of political sophistication and maturation in the reform movements, which now threaten his monopoly of political power, the President is shifting from his measured political liberalization back to state terrorism.
His proposed bill would also provide increases to $180 in 1984 and $190 in 1985.
In Utah, at least, a large part of the controversy concerns the amount of radioactivity released and the extent of human exposure to it.
The deputy State Department spokesman, Alan Romberg, was asked about the allegations involving Mr. Barbie at a regular news briefing yesterday in Washington, and replied that the department routinely refused comment on intelligence matters.
While many women thought they were ''working'' in the marriage by staying home and raising children, they were not contributing economically in ''hard'' dollars and cents.
The best of the gadgets may be a switch that lets you turn off the nagging chatter.
Last March, the company cut its dividend for the first time in 37 years, from 75 cents, to 50 cents.
The court issued a warrant for Mr. Ruffalo's arrest, but the Federal authorities would not disclose his whereabouts.
Her term alludes to companies such as Playwrights Horizons, Manhattan Theater Club, the Jean Cocteau Repertory, the W.P.A.
Among these odd-size problems are the rare custom shapes such as round, oval and boat-shaped.
Many of the city's leading costume designers have showrooms there.
If the President does not support the tax increase, they say, he will turn the issue against the Democrats in next year's campaign.
Republic National Bank quoted gold at $377.75 an ounce in late trading, up $2.50 from Wednesday's late bid.
Flames shot into the sky followed by thick, billowing white smoke.
Speaking of Mr. Andropov, one American Government analyst said: ''I would say his health is going to be a political problem for him and also for the leadership in general.
Other journalists, repeating the view of many Democrats, said the question was not the content of the papers but whether they had been stolen.
Then there is Hagler's blue-collar work ethic.
A police spokesman at the village of Bad Bruckenau said their helium-filled balloon had been taking part in the Gordon Bennett Balloon race for distance from Paris when it crashed at 2 P.M. 42 miles north of Wurzburg.
$115,000 *2*24 Maple Leaf Lane, 3-bedroom, 1-bath, *2*33-year-old Cape Cod; finished basement; *2*taxes $1,700.
Smallest of Five Branches The 18-year-old Torrington campus is the smallest of five branches of the University of Connecticut, with an enrollment of 177.
Natural gas prices fell 2.7 percent after a drop of eight-tenths of 1 percent in December.
''Literature and the theater may be as free, but film is more popular, more for the masses,'' said Mr. Mikhalkov.
- That the two projects proceed at the same pace.
It was Hector's only carry of the day.
Speaking generally of those who were not in dire emergency, Miss Osso said: ''If you have no other way to get to the hospital and you have to use the 911 number, we'll do our best to get you there.''
When the Los Angeles Olympic Organizing Committee announced its Olympic Torch Relay here yesterday, the choice of the Madison Square Boys Club gymnasium seemed unusual.
To have an A-to-Z production facility and be able to do anything necessary for interior shooting, no matter how substantial, has been a long-held goal for New York.
When Congress wouldn't let the White House do away with the office altogether, critics said, the Administration did the next best thing by nominating Mr. Regnery, a lawyer with impeccable conservative credentials.
That bid has been fiercely opposed by the auction house's management.
With time running out, Sherod was fouled and hit both free throws to seal the victory.Louis Orr led the Knicks with a season-high 28 points and helped New York to a 14-point first-quarter lead.
The decision does not in fact vindicate the law.
DORCHESTER GAS CORPORATION-Harold T. Connally, vice president, bought or acquired and made an exercise of option of 9,000 shares giving him 9,000 shares.
John Trautmann, a 15-year-old sophomore at Monroe-Woodbury, clocked the meet's fastest time in winning the fourth varsity cross-country race today at the Westlake Invitational at Blue Mountain Reservation.
While the character of the smaller condominiums is pretty much determined by their size and location, the unit owners in the larger ones represent almost all age groups, and trades and professions from all walks of life.
The Harbor House in Seaport Village, Pacific Coast Highway and Harbor Drive, (619-292-1141) is another waterside seafood house where it's hard to go wrong in ordering any of the local catch.
2) was fussy, episodic and mannered.
Before the meeting, Michael DeMarco of the Bronx said: ''What a useless piece of legislation.
Apply blusher to cheeks, add two swabs of eye shadow and mascara.
His showroom is in his apartment.
The increased profits resulted primarily from lower borrowing rates, but they were partially offset by lower financing rates, the company said today.
games, and coaches who shun this opportunity may grow embarrassed when players and coaches on other teams are spotlighted.
b-After a tax credit of $130,000.
Mr. DeMartini, Deputy County Executive and political adviser to Mr. Cohalan, said the pollsters were switched because Mr. Wirthlin's concern was Republican-oriented and did well in the Lehrman campaign.
With some notable exceptions, like Ivory Coast, many African countries have favored urban food consumers over rural food producers in their pricing policies, resulting in falling production.
Third: That the decision to eradicate administrative corruption on all levels be reaffirmed.
In the U.S. Constitution there is no mention either of Christ or of God.
She had concluded that she herself had ''become the issue'' and that the E.P.A.
And, based on this season's performances, the Rangers would stand a better chance of surviving that round if they could play Washington or the Islanders, now third and second.
It has to include merchandise and cultural aspects.''
''It had lasted long enough,'' he replied.
''When Ruth was pointing with his bat, he was actually gesturing toward the pitcher's mound and shouting to a Chicago pitcher, Guy Bush, who had been riding him from the dugout.
They say there is an urgent need for such changes, and, as evidence, they cite a recent report by the Congressional Budget Office that said that under current law, the Medicare trust fund would run out of money in 1987 or 1988.
OTHER AREAS Mastic Beach, L.I.
They were 100 million West German marks in 1982 and 120 million marks in 1983.
*3*** COMPANY REPORTS ** View Full Article in Timesmachine »
Mr. Halper, the former campaign aide said to have headed the information-gathering operation, nominally worked for Robert Garrick, the director of campaign operations.
As a result, the owner has decided to stop all news broadcasts.
The $125 billion is ''more than the entire resources of property-casualty underwriters in North America,'' said one top executive quoted in the article.
J. Harry Du Bois, a retired engineer who specialized in the development of plastics, now lives with his wife, Kathryn, in the Parsippany farmhouse.
Why is it that the Federal Government always seems to be 20 years behind the times when it comes to architecture?
He was also a Watervliet City Councilman for 12 years and the chairman of the city's Housing Authority for 21 years.
However, the court upheld a lower court decision that impounded their property and that of seven other family members.
But many of the artists of the period saw it otherwise, portraying the city in pale and pastel tones that evoked a wilderness sort of fresh optimism and idealism.
One of the physicists, Subrahmanyan Chandrasekhar, 73 years old, of the University of Chicago, began his award-winning work in 1929, calculating rules governing the collapse of stars.
Now there may be danger, for from Malawi the next halt is Lake Kariba, on Zimbabwe's border with Zambia, and the road there will take the party across a tip of Mozambique beset with insurgency.
After an extended pause, she turns into a figure of abject sheepishness, cravenly offering herself up for punishment.
But they said the proposed changes, especially the two-year extension on installing ventilating machinery in yarn operations and the reduction in frequency of medical examinations, were ''unfortunate and unnecessary.''
Mr. Koch added that he thought there had been a change in the city's political attitudes.
He cut short his California vacation by three days and called a National Security Council meeting in Washington this evening to discuss possible responses.
''I think I have the best job in the world; I love working with the severely mentally ill,'' Mrs. Plotnick said.
A banner reading ''Welcome Home Jim Brady'' stretched across the street.
Would you also kill the very old and sick?''
Perhaps in a way records have brought the recital more fully to life: after all, Schubert, Haydn and Schumann never wrote their songs to be projected into vast auditoriums for the anonymous multitudes.
That came earlier in the day when the Senate voted, 58 to 41, to leave the MX plan in the bill.
More than 10 percent of the force is black.
Today, the work seems closer to the late figurative Philip Guston.
accepted$4,764,481Noncompetitive$558,000The seven-year notes mature Jan. 15, 1991.
''Asian Shade'' is more a cameo than a full-scale canvas, but it was conceived with honesty and it is performed with authenticity.
The Health Department has some of the equipment needed to do the tests, but not all.
Michelle Gibbs, an American artist who worked with women's groups here and painted revolutionary murals, is mourning Mr. Bishop as well as the revolution, which she said had truly started to change consciousness, with people gaining confidence and working hard.
''Since we began to turn it around, we have played the games one at the time, and that's the way we are going to approach the playoffs,'' Williams said.
The agreement includes setting a ceiling on average production for the rest of this year of 17.5 million barrels a day, which is 1 million below the current ceiling but at least 3.5 million more than current output.
4A ROSE IN WINTER, by Kathleen E. Woodiwiss.
Mr. Leslie joined the Hammermill sales department in 1928 and was named assistant treasurer in 1931.
The sergeant said Miss Kim, who has been in this country since January 1982, had never before gone away without telling relatives or friends.
Ten days ago Baghdad said it had mined the entrance to the port.
''I once went sailing in a canoe with a mast and sail and loved that,'' he said.
But he sealed off most access points to his province today and warned that if the military tried to retake it by force they would be met by force.
Interest rates were little changed in quiet trading.
We have a very low unemployment rate in Westchester.
The report was released today.
Colonel Barmyantsev, who the F.B.I.
The nitrogen prevents a vacuum from forming in the tubes, speeding up drainage.
No reputable analyst thinks growth without inflation can be sustained when the Government has to borrow that much money, or that these deficits can be controlled without raising taxes.
KN's board turned down Mesa's acquisition offer earlier this month.
His swing of European capitals was undertaken not only to tie up the loose ends of the Soviet pipeline compromise but to compose disputes between the United States and the Common Market over agricultural subsidies.
Mr. Burns had his moments of technical unease in Haydn's great piece, but in the middle and last movements things were kept reasonably simple and modest.
Fear of Breaking Away ''No one wants to break with France, no one of any importance,'' the newspaper editor said.
Charles Marshall, American Bell's chairman and chief executive, has said, however, that ''there was no design to squeeze Arch out.''
It didn't matter that Ed Koch, in his New York gubernatorial race, said the proper words about women's rights, when he had been so opportunistic about Reaganomics.
At 50th Street, west of Broadway.
Then, as the talk progressed, waiters began putting flimsy screens across the private room in the Capitol Hill restaurant, and a second, entirely audible luncheon was begun on the other side.
Bloodstains in the Van There were also bloodstains in the van, which authorities say are of the same blood type that Miss Barbera had.
The immediate effect is to shrink America's Middle East agenda to the search for an exit from Beirut.
Analysts say gold is no longer so responsive to crisis because the market for it is depressed.
While the appeal of picking clams and mussels is hard to resist, it should not be tried without first checking with health authorities.
DATA BASE MANAGEMENT - A data base management program enables a computer to store large amounts of information and then sort it in almost any manner.
Gossage's agent, Jerry Kapstein, opened negotiations with George Steinbrenner earlier this week, but the pitcher said, ''nothing came out of it.''
''We expect that as the program is publicized more, there will be more requests,'' Mrs. Goetz said.
'An Illegitimate Resolution' The Soviet veto was reported in a brief item by the official press agency Tass, which said the Soviet delegation had vetoed ''an illegitimate resolution'' that would have enabled Washington ''to avoid responsibility for the gross espionage provocation'' carried out by the Korean airliner.
The Getler-Pall show of paintings and works on paper is well timed, therefore, and it authorizes us to guess that, like many another gifted young artist, Solien has been under the spell of Philip Guston's late work.
American officials said they expected the talks with Mr. Shamir to go better than discussions with Mr.
A good team needs to know how to break the traps and get easy buckets off them.''
''We also then explained that there is very little linkage between deficits and interest rates, that the evidence simply isn't there,'' Mr. Regan told reporters.
It was then that Dr. Jackson was arrested near the university and charged with possession of burglary tools.
''It is an exceptional increase for one month,'' he said.
A scandal in Puerto Rico worsened as the Government acknowledged that two police eyewitnesses had testified that two young advocates of Puerto Rican independence were fatally shot after they surrendered to the police.
This is the eighth year this type of free agent system has been in existence.
He won 19 games in his first year with California and twice was a 20-game winner.
Maybe the two states are owned by the same oil company.)
Too Many Moose in Anchorage Meanwhile, on the sparsely populated outskirts of Anchorage, moose are strolling into the city from the hills and woods nearby seeking more accessible food.
''I think the main finger-pointing has been done by Mayor Koch, with his comments on the responsibility of state judges,'' Judge Lasker said.
Some have been dreadful for civil liberties.
I'm sure there are some teams out there who want me.''
William Conway, director of the New York Zoological Society, believes that they migrated from the open country to the north into the city for a very good reason.
Ferguson Jenkins, now of the Chicago Cubs, was found guilty of possession of cocaine by a Toronto court in 1980; his verdict was erased by a judge with an ''absolute discharge.''
PERIPATETIC PIANIST Sondra Tamman is a native New Jerseyan whose career as a classical pianist has carried her to London, Amsterdam, Berlin, Israel, Morocco and Italy.
''I am received because I am Garcia Marquez,'' he explains, ''but once I get through the door, I start asking for political favors.
Attorneys for the nine men, who were given 30 days to prepare their cases, asked for transcripts of a 1980 state trial in which Klansmen and Nazis, including some of those indicted on Federal charges, were acquitted of murder charges in the shootings.
And this one sealed the victory.
And the state has sued the Federal Government in an attempt to get the money.
It is also inhabited by ducks, muskrats and turtles and is a rich source of food for aquatic insects, crabs and small fish.
''The messsage we are conveying is clear,'' he said.
And when the people realize that I think the people living in those population centers are going to have something to say.
Houston placed him on waivers, opening up the possibility that the 6-foot-11-inch center might be signed as a free agent by a playoff-bound team.
But he said the tight-fistedness was prompted by record Federal deficits.
The presentation demands time and space.
The veto of the Shoreham legislation was cited in a news release, but only at the end of a list of other measures.
Peter Thompson, The Journal's managing editor, has held that job at The Oregonian since the retirement in March of Albert J. McCready, The Oregonian's managing editor.
Peter J. Mahon, the president of the Sergeants Benevolent Association, want revisions that would give them another chance to try for the promotion, which means a pay raise of about $5,000, up from the average sergeant's pay of nearly $32,000.
They say the deal is worth some $2 billion and would include $500 million in cash, a waiving of $1.2 billion in tax benefits and an extention of wage concessions worth $400 million.
Some of its sharpest criticism was directed at Mount Laurel.
The Nationalists are focusing much of their campaign on the contradictions between the arguments of the Conservatives and the Progressives, saying a ''no'' vote will be a vote for incoherence and even chaos.
The end is often near, but it happily never comes.
It was clearly not sensation itself he was after, but the sort of double image of music's active surface and its more reflective depths.
At the Vanguard, where he will sing two of his originals and play a third on his horn, he will be backed by the 17- piece Mel Lewis Big Band.
It's Hubert Birkenmeier, the team's regular goalkeeper since 1979.
''Occasionally, we invite each other to a gathering of some kind, or sometimes we'll go has something going on.
''There are no signs on the floor pointing the way to any offices,'' explained Rudd, ''so everybody stops in at Arenson to ask directions, and Fran has been real nice to a lot of our fighters since we moved there.
My companion called from the window: ''It's there!''
After that, Hazel Scott wouldn't speak to me for 15 years.''
Maj. Robert Jordan, a spokesman for the 1,600-member American force, said, ''Our presence sends a message to those who don't want to see a strong, independent, and free Lebanon.''
These included Spanish participation in the manufacture of the aircraft, technology transfers and a commitment by the company to promote the sale of Spanish shoes in the United States and send employees to vacation on the Costa del Sol.
In 1966 Mr. Carter, depressed by his loss to Lester Maddox in the Georgia gubernatorial primary election, asked his sister to take a walk in the woods with him.
Such indifference cannot be justified by our otherwise commendable concern for what people do rather than what they think.
''I just know that I hear stuff and I want to do it,'' she said.
''Most of the previous advertising for everyone up until a year or so ago was to create awareness of the firm's name,'' said Perrin H. Long Jr., an industry analyst with Lipper Analytical Services.
Out of boredom, Rosanna spends her afternoons shoplifting and having casual affairs.
Dressed in drag, however, Arnold is, for most of his intents and purposes, a woman.
And as Tom Ehman, executive director of the United States Yacht Racing Union, noted, ''More people are going out with less preparation.
More people than ever are flying.
As a student and teacher of history, surely Professor Kagan knows better.
The county, which includes a major border crossing between Sault Ste.
He said there was a waiting list of about 400 people, and a turnover of only about 15 or 20 apartments a year.
Such instances as Imas/Ranalli and van Rooijen/ Hardy Holzman Pfeiffer, if they are to become legal cases, pivot on whether drawings from the first project were accessible to the second architect.
Mr. Hopkins adds a bass concept that ties in closely with their playing but Mr. Hicks's ebullient piano spills over into all the cracks and crevices in a way that misses the nature of the playing of the other three.
''I sat next to Flora Biddle,'' he said.
--------------------------------------------------------------------- Bill Green, Republican of Manhattan, is a member of the House Appropriations Committee.
On Broadway, he appeared with Gertrude Berg in ''A Majority of One'' and with Edward G. Robinson in ''Middle of the Night.''
The indexes together report the prices of goods at three key stages, such as wheat at the crude level, flour at the intermediate level and bread at the finished level.
''We've come upon Telegate,'' he said.
*Heat the oil and butter in a frying pan.
According to Fairbanks, the sale of the team from himself and the majority owner, J. Walter Duncan, to Trump has not yet been completed.
You have to find time where you can.
''Homes will be smaller, but they will work better,'' Mr. Siemion said.
Dolittle'' and his directorial efforts in ''Oh What a Lovely War'' and ''A Bridge Too Far,'' spent more than 20 years trying to raise financing and get the story of Gandhi on the screen.
Yet, although the dance did contain tidal imagery, its dramatic significance remained unclear.
In the 12 other states there was no difference that exceeded the margin of sampling error of the polls.
'Outrageous' Conduct Charged Mr. Donahue said the outcome supported his contention that the role of a journalist was to report events and discuss issues, not to solve crimes.
Anthony Grazioso of New Jersey Transit, which charges $4 for the bus ride to the airport from the Port Authority Bus Terminal in midtown Manhattan, said People Express was largely responsible for an increase in monthly ridership from 21,000 to 100,000.
Evidence: In 1982, 130 American venture capital companies had $2.6 billion of investments.
Comparing surveys over the last decade, the poll reported that the incidence of crime and fear of crime had remained about the same.
The ceremony was over by 3:15.
But it was clear from the start that the two men were not long-time intimates.
''Fatality figures have ceased to have any meaning,'' Mr. Bhattacharrya said.
It would force all bankrupt debtors into long-term repayment plans based on speculative estimates of anticipated income and make bankruptcy courts their debt collectors.
Dr. Chamorro, describing recent fighting in the Jalapa Valley of Nicaragua, where he says the Nicaraguan Democratic Force twice took the Nicaraguan border town of El Porvenir, disclosed that the rebels were being advised by Hondurans whom he would not describe beyond ''people who care about us.''
''To be honest, I was going to throw the match at that point,'' Pfister said later.
But William A. Beebe, one of the leaders of the six-week strike that ended April 18 said that the railroad was using the union as a ''scapegoat for its own lack of foresight and managerial prerogative.''
The general, speaking to reporters, said the colonel's action ''was not an isolated incident'' but part of a campaign of several months by certain political factions to oust him.
''The report,'' the committee said, ''is based upon incorrect analysis.''
In a resolution passed Wednesday night, the board said that ''the constant stress of air and noise pollution lead to lack of sleep, which is a major factor in the medically accepted concept of the stress syndrome.''
Those of us who have seen college backfields for the last 40 years can present a case for one backfield or another during this span, when the two-platoon system was introduced, dropped and finally put back to stay.
But, like a couple locked in a tempestuous but durable marriage, the two Germanies made up.
He wrote biographies of Sir Winston Churchill and Field Marshal Viscount Montgomery of Alamein.
''Then it got to about midnight.
He then went into exile in Mexico, where he met Ernesto Che Guevara, the Argentine revolutionary.
Roberto Cabanas tied the score for the Cosmos at 32:24 on a shot from 16 yards after a pass from Franz Beckenbauer.
Mr. Waldron is married and has a married daughter who lives in Connecticut.
''It's not the kind of image educational institutions want to project,'' said R. Jerrold Gibson, president of University Loan Services in Belmont, Mass.
If there were one available, I'd give $10,000 for it.''
The strike against the Metro-North commuter rail lines earlier this year has set back hopes for air-conditioning improvements on the railroad's Harlem, Hudson and New Haven lines this summer, according to the president of the railroad.
They said the Government also planned to tell anti-Sandinista rebels that if they lay down their arms they can return home without punishment.
Edward Burns, said the department could not comment on the suit ''because it has to be answered in court.''
Then, it became clear to the White House that Soviet refusal to allow this would in all likelihood lead to an endless messy stalemate and that compromise was called for.
HIMALAYAN POPPIES Where can I find a source for Himalayan poppies.
It was expanded at that time to include the disabled, and raised the annual income eligibility limits from $9,000 to $12,000 for a single person and from $12,000 to $15,000 for a married couple.
''Nobody wants New Canaan to change.''
For a sequel that takes place on such a grand scale, Richard Lester's ''Superman III'' is surprisingly offhand.
Once a critic called me Gerald Moore."
Boil the potato in lightly salted water for about 20 minutes.
So I made the change in the seventh.''
I listened carefully, but heard no new facts undermining my previous belief that nuclear power is the safest option I know of for satisfying the nation's future energy needs.
Seven hundred and fifty thousand Egyptian civilians were evacuated during the Israeli attacks, which detsroyed an estimated 55,000 homes.
Prof. Philip E. Converse of the Center for Political Studies at the University of Michigan agreed, saying there was ''sort of a Vietnam pall across these numbers.''
There were, however, no elements of farewell in the speech.
Lines for vodka for tonight's New Year celebrations.
Once in a while theater and film books do tell you something you're cheered to know.
In 1977 the stock sold at 4.
These officials believe that the effort to establish the center as a real political force must not be abandoned.
'Manners Help Efficiency' ''There is so much bad manners and oafishness in large corporations,'' she said.
When sufficiently pliable, a dab of clay might become an ear, or an eyebrow, or a lip, on the head of the foot-high shogun doll that he created yesterday.
She said at the time that she founded the journal because ''newspapers have no policy of enlightenment anymore and do not inform the public what is actually going on.''
What it boils down to is that youth equals sex, and sex sells.''
Love in various forms heals three battered people: fiction.
Confidence among Democrats also increased, he reported, though not as much as among Republicans and independents.
''They think he has a cruel mouth,'' he added, referring to remarks that Mr. Diller has made during heated negotiations.
It is generally agreed among politicians and others here that the council needs to draw up an entirely new voting list, rather than simply allowing people to vote by showing their identity cards.
Although upstate hydropower may not be available for two years, the agency will not be able to compete for it without means to bring it to the county.
''But that's just being young and inexperienced.
Late dollar rates in New York on Monday compared with Friday were: 2.3726 West German marks, down from 2.3965; 6.6955 French francs, down from 6.9375; 2.0445 Swiss francs, down from 2.0660; 235.55 Japanese yen, down from 238.60, and 1.2232 Canadian dollars, down from 1.2293.
In some California cities, for example, the price of regular unleaded gasoline has fallen below $1 a gallon, while it remains above $1.20 in most Eastern cities.
The United States and West Germany are getting into a tight corner these days, with two important dates ahead.
The Soviet leadership expressed regret over the loss of human life resulting from that unprecedented, criminal subversion.
Service is accomplished with graciously attentive consideration that so enhances dining in Japanese restaurants.
Priests and Rabbi Speak To illustrate the harmony he sought, he yielded the lectern to two Roman Catholic priests and a rabbi, each of whom praised the plan as an effort to bring housing - and peace - to the neighborhood.
Cashen said that he had considered keeping Howard as manager during the club's hot streak in August, when it won 20 games and lost 13.
It is a nervous but happy company.
One of the rooms one must pass through to get there contains Persian brick reliefs, and they should not be missed either.
The company produces monoclonal antibodies for the diagnosis and treatment of disease.
''It is not in our best interests to have that information become public,'' Ford's associate general counsel, John W. Martin Jr., said in a telephone interview.
Mr. Rominger continued: ''Con- gress can't let the system collapse.
I have certainly not heard from anyone on the matter.''
To him, the essence of the show is summed up in a tender love song called ''Song on the Sand,'' which Georges sings to Albin.
''This tells us in part that Cigna feels it can use its manufacturing capability to design products which can be sold through a number of stockbrokers, rather than by owning one particular stockbroker.''
Gardner, one of Newton's best friends on the American tour, saluted Newton as a ''tough son of a gun.''
The first round, the Foreign Minister said, skirted both South Africa's demand for the withdrawal of the estimated 25,000 Cuban troops as a condition for a settlement in South-West Africa and Angola's charges that South Africa supports the Angolan insurgency led by Jonas Savimbi.
''Without that,'' Mr. Adamski said, ''you were hermetically sealed inside.''
The Senator insists that he is a friend of Israel, ''the only democracy that we have in the Middle East.''
can do to stop it if you're going to support such movements.
According to figures released by the central bank, reserves as of Feb. 11, were down $1.3 billion from Dec. 31.International reserves, which stood at $20.1 billion at the beginning of last year, had tumbled $11.2 billion by the end of the year.
His son, Larnell Sanders, 26, was shot just above the right eye, in the chest and twice in the back, the reports said.
he difference, of course, is that there is enough experience with life insurance so that the insurer can compute the actuarial probability of the risk occurring and set a premium that will cover the risk and a reasonable profit.
''In the future, we increasingly want to supply only technology,'' said Ken Hayashibara, the president.
The Jewish migration gained momentum after the 1905 Russian-Japanese War, and further increased after the Bolshevik Revolution in 1917.
Frugality seems to be the watchword at the mansion, especially in regard to furnishings.
Beginning this summer, police dogs will patrol Central Park as part of an experimental Police Department project, officials said yesterday.
But if he's miscast, that's not his fault but the President's.
''I don't think he can stomach that publicly.
''I found it hard sometimes,'' Mr. Drivas confesses, ''to distinguish my disgust with myself for my disgust with others.''
''It seems to be acidic year-round.
Around the spartan ''family room'' of Los Padres Unidos (Parents United) lay Manhattan Valley, that depression - in skyline and living conditions - between Central Park West and Broadway, from 100th to 110th Street.
Yasir Arafat assailed Syria, accusing Damascus of orchestrating the rebellion against him by dissident Fatah officers to undermine his leadership and bring the Palestine Liberation Organization under direct Syrian control.
''We are investing again in Italy after eight years' absence,'' said Rheinhardt Kniepers, a manager with Robeco, a Dutch-based investment fund group.
Israel said the Syrians had fired antiaircraft missiles but no planes had been lost.
In World War II he was a War Department consultant.
''But the symbolism of it is so strong, that sweeps aside those arguments very quickly.''
There were certain artists whose impact I had to acknowledge,'' she says.
Moved to Washington in 1933 Mr. Cohen, who earned undergraduate and law degrees from the University of Chicago, came to Washington in 1933.
The museum has a page from a Gutenburg Bible.
Taking along her two sons and living on welfare, she rented a two- room apartment on 20th Avenue in nearby Irvington.
But in some years these property sales overshadow what the company earns from its operations.
On the river, at Piers 15 and 16, are the ships, a centerpiece that explains what South Street is all about.
As ballplayers on adjoining fields shout and cheer, the cricketers play with relative calm, smiling and talking quietly.
I asked her about people who knew her.
See accompanying notes for special items.
The rest, they say, are mostly old friends of General Garcia's who have yet to abandon conventional large-battalion fighting techniques in favor of the small, constant patrols needed to counter a guerrilla force.
'We Enjoyed the Stay' As the American soldiers, carrying their packs and M-16 assault rifles, boarded the transport plane, one of them waved a small American flag over his head.
Thomson spokesmen described the decision to join forces with Victor as ''inevitable'' after the West German antitrust authorities rejected Thomson's bid to buy a 75 percent interest in Grundig earlier this year.
An American businessman long stationed here was asked if the land program and other measures introduced by the Government would change the nature of the people.
Black leaders in New York City have said Mr. Washington's success would open the door to the election of a black mayor in New York in 1985.
He left at about 10:30 P.M. and arrived in Bloomington at 1:30 A.M.
The ships were scheduled to arrive Wednesday and today to pickup wheat.
For some time, she doesn't turn around, and the camera simply waits until she does.
Mid-November brings the first real cold, the first big holiday and, not coincidentally, a decline in the number of people sent to jail.
Boland (D) Y Y 3.
JAMES W. LAUDERBACK, Austin, Texas, Feb.21, 1983
''This segregation,'' it said, ''together with the fact that women's work is traditionally undervalued, translates for women into low wages and, ultimately, into poverty.''
; Mississippi vs. Air Force, Independence Bowl, at Shreveport, La.
THE MOONS OF JUPITER, by Alice Munro.
''The advertising is going totally local now.''
A flat arrangement of mirrors, it is an illusion of a small cube enclosed by a larger one.
The number of people in this country who call Yiddish their mother tongue - although not all may still be fluent in it - has fallen from 2 million in 1920 to 1.25 million in 1979, according to census figures.
Mr. Rubin argues that the United States should not seek President Assad's assistance in ending the fighting in Lebanon or bringing about an eventual Syrian withdrawal from Lebanon on the grounds that any agreement with Syria is ''doomed to failure because Washington can offer nothing that Damascus wants.''
Cover, $5, with two-drink minimum.
And when it was chosen, or some chose to make it, a political football for political results and frightened the life out of a great many senior citizens with the thought that this, on which they're so dependent, was going to be taken away from them, no one that I know in this Government has any intention of taking away the checks that these people are getting.
And that bulging hump in the middle is the whopping tax increase that King Caucus would lay on American workers.''
When the subsidiary's chairman retired last year, ''There were several of us up for the job, Mr. McCurdy said.
He tinkered with string technique, and his quartets often buzz and rasp in decidedly un-Romantic ways.
But I might not judge myself fairly, so I'm not worried about it.''
He later recalled that ''the name shore fit 'cause you didn't make a dime doin' rodeos them days.''
The first was the tripleovertime victory over Villanova in the 1981 championship game at Syracuse, when Rautins tipped in Santifer's missed shot with three seconds to play and was named the most valuable player of the tournament.
An industry analyst said he expected other western Canadian producers to match the increase, which itself matched the rise of eastern Canadian producers earlier this year.
John Cox will direct the first Glyndebourne production of Strauss's ''Arabella.''
Cornell Capa, founder and executive director of the International Center of Photography and an ardent crusader for Vishniac, said: ''He is an absolute optimist filled with tragedy.
He said was sure the marines would be glad to see him.
Nonetheless, there are already signs that he is following the pattern the veteran center established over the years by adopting some of his aloof nature.
The company's survival is thus virtually assured, a court receiver said.
Division I level and perhaps will arrange to play a schedule of games during the 1984-85 season.
Working from orginal figures, he makes new molds, and then casts and paints the 48- and 54-millimeter lead soldiers himself.
''I told them it wasn't worthwhile to pursue me at all,'' Mr. Ueberroth recalls.
''This conference was an exercise in damage control,'' said Roderigo Botero, who served as Colombia's Minister of Finance in the late 1970's and is now an independent economic consultant in Bogota.
On Friday night, at the Washington Redskins' party for 350 players, wives and friends, many men wore ties for the first time all week.
I just wanted to get it over and let him hit it.
''However much they had come to dislike the Communists, they acknowledged the Front had a moral appeal which undermined the Government.''
Hit-and-Run Tactics Investigators cite the group's tightly-knit membership, secrecy, fanatical zeal and hit-and-run tactics, as exemplified by the New Year's Eve bombings of four government buildings in Manhattan and Brooklyn that seriously wounded three police officers.
In their report, Mr. Levy and Mr. Michel said Mr. Reagan's policies had contributed to the increase in income inequality.
It also includes the work of artists directly inspired by other artists.
Now, under Mr. Brown's leadership, the Boston-based holding company is growing faster than ever by acquiring banks in other New England states.
In New Orleans last week, the New York players did fairly well in the major events, with Drew Casen and Alan Kudisch winning the master mixed teams; Kathie Wei, Judi Radin, Gail Moss and Jacqui Mitchell forming the nucleus of the winning women's Swiss team; Ira Rubin winning the men's Swiss, and the Slaner team reaching the final of the Spingold Teams.
On the northern wall, other monks show off their skills with the 18 ancient weapons.
She was an intern in the Boston office of former Senator Edward W. Brooke.
Also, the Hurley Patentee Manor, the hub of a 92,000-acre Hurley patent, or land grant, built by Cornelius Cool, with the original cottage dating from 1696, and to which a Georgian wing was added in 1745, and the Johannis DuBois house, built before 1739, with the original fireplace still in use.
Mr. Yune plays an Asian cook who is called Bruce by his Italian gangster bosses because he looks like Bruce Lee, the late kung fu virtuoso.
double agent and displayed code books, water-soluble note paper and a bottle of poisoned brandy they claimed had been brewed for Foreign Minister Miguel d'Escoto Brockman; three aides at the United States Embassy in Managua were accused of having C.I.A.
This is particularly tragic in view of the vast number of homeless people on our streets and the ever-increasing housing difficulties experienced by low-and middle-income residents.
However, if it does - ''and it'll have to come down in buckets,'' the association's president, the restaurateur Jim McMullen, said - the festival will be held the following Sunday, Sept. 25.
In February, when investigators began looking for the tank after a tip from a former employer, Jerry Bliss said in an interview he knew nothing about the tank.
When I said it would be terrible, I did not mean that to infer as to - that someone else might win an election.
''Most were too noisy or inattentive,'' he recalled, ''but a handful seemed interested in making sounds with the piano.''
Yield: Approximately six to eight appetizer portions; three or four main-course portions.
If you work carefully with a compass (allowing for the local magnetic deviation from true north), you will be able to move through a trailless forest for several miles and hit that remote pond you've always wanted to fish right on the nose.
and rustic, down-home images on packages and read ingredient lists to check these claims.
''Its uses,'' Mr. Lessin says, ''are as wide and varied as the minds and the imagination of people who want to use the technology.''
The brush can be also used with a cream that comes in tubes and is lathered on to the face after the brush is dampened with water.
The sources said General Stilwell had proposed setting up an entire new intelligence-gathering agency within the Defense Department.
According to both Mr. Peterson and Mr. Glucksman, it was Mr. Glucksman who broached the idea of Mr. Peterson's departure, shortly before the July 16 weekend.
Mr. Calero left here in December and is now a member of the political directorate of the Nicaraguan Democratic Force, an exile group based in Honduras.
Though astronomers have observed it carefully, the comet is too dim for ordinary observers.
''$ Maybe Mr. Westlake ought to slow down - on the California coast or anywhere.
* Dart & Kraft Inc., Northbrook, Ill., has appointed Wallace J. Nichols staff vice president, compensation and employee benefits.
He yielded a run-scoring single to Bob Boone.
This ''repatriation program'' is being promoted by Thailand and several Western countries that feel overburdened by Indochina's refugees.
Western Electric said the plant could not be adapted to make new products.
Does everyone agree with the Governor's view the new laws will mean savings of $150 a year?
Proceeds go to the Mount Holyoke College Alumnae Scholar Program.
The fee for nonmembers is $27 (including materials), $25 for members.
Mr. McGraw even specified that after his death - which was on Feb. 25, 1934 - his funeral cortege be routed past Rose's; it was.
*3*** COMPANY REPORTS ** View Full Article in Timesmachine »
The anti-immigration protesters fear that the Assamese, who are predominantly Hindu and have their own language, will be swamped by Moslem immigrants and other Bengali speakers.
And according to Mr. Selle's attorney, ''once you establish such striking similarity, you have also established what the law recognizes as inferred access.''
They should be positioned so that you will be applying pressure in the direction toward which the jaw is angled, as shown in the accompanying drawing.
The Vendue Inn and the Sweetgrass Inn are next door to each other just off East Bay Street.
(Television - Channel 4, 4:30 P.M.).
It is expected to bring up to $300,000.
The flight originated in Kazan, 400 miles east of Moscow.
Delegates discussed establishing an Inuit university for students from all parts of the Arctic, and continued work on a single alphabet to replace the many used to record Inuit dialects.
The Glenn staff has assembled an Iowa steering committee of 200 people but has yet to give them any campaign assignments.
''This may be President Reagan's finest hour,'' said Richard A. Viguerie, the conservative polemicist and fundraiser.
The bank, which is chartered in New York State and has 24 branches, is owned by an Israeli concern that is older than Israel: The bank goes back to the 1930's, when it was founded by a group of German-Jewish bankers as the Anglo-Palestine Bank.
The noises vary from a high- pitched whine to deep rumbling and usually stop for a while when a faucet is opened and closed quickly.
The 75-year-old Cardinal said appeals by him and the Vatican representative on the priests' behalf had been ignored.
The briefcase- sized Osborne I machine was an immediate hit, capturing virtually all of the then-embryonic portable computer business.
Performances of ''Hansel and Gretel'' are scheduled at 7:30 P.M. Wednesday and Thursday, 8 P.M. Friday, 2 and 8 P.M. Saturday.
''We no longer have these special factors - such as gasoline - that made the Administration say that inflation had all but been eliminated,'' said Roger Brinner of Data Resources Inc., another consulting firm.
But they didn't give up.
To the French they're boudin, to the Germans blutwurst, while the English call them blood (or black) puddings.
1 2 53 JANE FONDA'S WORKOUT BOOK, by Jane Fonda.
No 'Conscripts or Puppets' But many union leaders were dismayed by the disastrous squabbling among party leaders in the last campaign.
Mr. Jarpa, who started the new policy after taking over as Interior Minister three weeks ago, said the assassination of Carol Urzua, the Governor of metropolitan Santiago, was ''a criminal act aimed at getting the Government to change its policies.''
* Mutual Life Insurance Co. of New York has appointed Gordon E. Perry, Floyd L. Smith and Robert L. Lindsay executive vice presidents.
A union official disagreed, however.
For Mr. Milner, a black who embodies many of the hopes of racial minorities here, the listing of Hartford as the fourth poorest city in America has been a boon of sorts.
But there isn't any sign of an accord so far, despite Mr. Andropov's assurance to Mr. Kohl that Moscow has ''reserves of flexibility.''
Members of the state's Congressional delegation have pledged to sponsor the Federal amendment.
*3*** COMPANY REPORTS ** View Full Article in Timesmachine »
Glatzer, professor of religion at Boston University and a Kafka authority, yesterday about the emergence of Kafka's private library in West Germany.
Today was to have been a golden moment for Neil: His first pro game in his hometown of Cincinnati.
They solicited money for supplies from businessmen and got the Standard Brands Paint Company to sell them paint at cost.
''They pulled out in the four-corners offense even though we worked on it all week,'' said Wennington, the former Lutheran High star.
He said, ''Nothing in the three of those four studies has changed F.D.A.
Mr. Hart is an art assistant with The New York Times.
for its endorsement, and then made three quick political points: cheap hydropower would reduce electric bills ''for you and for this shop''; Westchester County needs its own labor department, and he would support trade policies necessary to eliminate the importation of inexpensive garments.
Leena Shayboub, 31, also a mother of three, was formerly a broadcaster for Beirut radio.
In holding a two-day hearing on the pine-tar incident, Kuhn sought to determine, among other things, if Steinbrenner had been involved in any way in two lawsuits brought by fans last August that sought to block completion of the Aug. 18 game.
Europeans are eager to see a return to intervention - a common practice before the Reagan Administration's hands-off policy.
These have developed complicated mathematical systems to determine individual creditworthiness.
That stark reality was reflected in the content and tone of the statements by the two sides following the settlement and ratification.
Mr. Phung said he had been told by superiors never to talk to government inspectors or Vickery residents about the dumping practices.
But the Reagan Administration's claim that a flow of foreign arms to the rebels is the main problem is dismissed by informed people on the ground.
The New Jersey Supreme Court unanimously upheld a law today that makes it a crime to sell or possess drug paraphernalia.
Louisiana - Alton Ochsner Medical Foundation, New Orleans.
Miss Grimes depicts her characters with the kind of observation that defines them clearly and indelibly.
He has treated humans and animals, among them several athletes, musicians and Army dogs.
In millions of barrels except refinery utilization Source: * American Petroleum Institute
Starting pitchers: Hough, Darwin, Smithson, Matlack, Honeycutt, Mason.
Just how far the Environmental Protection Agency sank in recent months was indicated last week by the promises made to Congress by the man nominated to be its new Administrator.
After it was discovered it was coated with wax to preserve it.
The team's quarterback is Casey Beathard whose father, Bobby, is the general manager of the Washington Redskins, the winners of last season's Super Bowl.
It is said to be the latest weapon in the battle against sexual harassment in the workplace, on college campuses, wherever it exists.
In Hollywood, Fla., where, she says, ''It's too hot for the 'Romantic Fireplace,' '' Marcy Greenberg bought an aquarium cassette because, she said, ''it's nice when you have company and you're at a loss for words.''
Moreover, they assume Democrats will be agile enough to keep the current anti-Soviet tide from seriously affecting other foreign affairs debates.
Hill grew up in Detroit, one of seven children, and went from Martin Luther King High School to the University of Iowa.
Last week, for example, St. Gobain-Pont-a-Mousson, the big stateowned manufacturer of glass and construction materials, said it planned to acquire a significant stake in the Compagnie Generale des Eaux, France's leading water distributor, which is privately owned.
The final design was held up for some months earlier this year as Mr. Klein and the Urban Development Corporation battled over the guidelines.
''It is something completely different.
And, having begun to rebuild our strength, we now seek to engage the Soviet leaders in a constructive dialogue through which we hope to find political solutions to outstanding issues.
Cranford $138,000 *2*3 Victoria Court, 4-bedroom, 2 1/2-bath, *2*25-year-old split-level; in-ground sprinkler, *2*wall-to-wall carpeting; taxes $2,569.
This is one book in which pictures and text fully complement and explicate each other.
In future weeks, other ''experts,'' such as Ahmad Rashad, Reggie Rucker or John Brodie, will be used.
Instead of creating one or two patterns, she ended up putting together a sample book.
Jeffrey Diver, chief environmental counsel for Waste Management, said in last week's interview that the company had investigated Mr. Sandesara's charges and that a response would be made in court.
Then Moses hit two free throws late in the first half for the last of his 10 points.
There are a variety of reasons why schools have failed to comply with all the asbestos rules.
and its financial adviser, Goldman Sachs & Company, estimate that the deal would cost the state $1.725 billion, compared with the $1.883 billion they say the center would cost under conventional financing, a saving of $158 million.
The songwriter Michael Hurley will make one of his infrequent New York appearances tonight at Folk City, 130 West Third Street (254-8449).
''We are now planning a last lunch for them soon,'' said Parks Commissioner Henry J. Stern.
Although he made provisions for adding $550 million to the city's capital budget next year and financing some economic development projects, possibly including paying for the completion of the New York City Convention Center, the notion that the Mayor would be making an end-run around their proposals does not sit well with either Mr. Rohatyn or Mr. Cuomo.
The firm, which then held about 11 percent of Macmillan's stock on behalf of clients and its partners' own accounts, also had amended its filing with the Securities and Exchange Commission, saying it wanted to shop for an independent third-party buyer for its block of shares.
Subcommittee members could see unexpurgated copies of these documents if they insisted.
9 THE PROPHECIES OF NOSTRADAMUS, edited and translated by Erika Cheetham.
The executive order will reguire that contracts go to companies with black or Hispanic owners or to concerns owned by women.
Cooking gas is expensive, so many people buy an armload of dried wood branches for about $1.50.
Opponents argued that results of the project would plainly be of benefit to weapons research.
Today, it clears - provides the bookeeping services needed for the sale and purchase of securities - for 250 firms.
Terence Mullin, age 12, wore an N.C.A.A.
''This greatly increases the number of environments and conditions both on Earth and elsewhere in the universe where life can exist,'' Dr. Baross and Dr. Deming concluded in their article.
The Masters and United States Open golf tournaments, the Kentucky Derby and the Olympics have undergone similar transformations.
''There is a large element of luck involved,'' Dr. Farer said, ''in whether a ship can get away without an outbreak for a long period of time if it doesn't pass inspection.
The ruling was upheld by the State Court of Appeal, and the California Supreme Court announced March 23 that it would not grant the state a further appeal.
I wouldn't always want to live only in one world.''
The new technology involves thin films and inexpensive amorphous silicon, which is not unlike glass and which will be produced commercially in the United States next year by two groups: a joint venture of Energy Conversion Devices Inc. of Troy, Mich., and the Standard Oil Company (Ohio), and another by the Chronar Corporation of Princeton, N.J. Stanford R. Ovshinsky, president of Energy Conversion, and Zoltan Kiss, president of Chronar, each claim leadership in the field.
The collapse of a second company, Arbed Saarstahl, was avoided only by a package of Government and bank aid.
It also plans to sell its Brown Jordan division and 240,000 acres of timberland in Washington.
He was more uninhibited and talked freely about his favorite pastimes such as running track, dancing, playing the guitar and horseback riding.
English-language tours start daily - except Saturday and holidays - at 9, 11, and 2:30.
Twice the West German police removed the invaders, who oppose the Government of Ayatollah Ruhollah Khomeini, then arrested 15 of them.
The number of contaminated sites is still uncertain.
In contrast to other politically concerned playwrights, Fo is more scenarist than dramatist.
Robert Randall, head of the Alliance for Cannabis Therapeutic, a nonprofit group that supports legislation to make marijuana medically available, asserted that the Food and Drug Administration was deliberately ignoring the state research reports on chemical cancer therapy and nausea.
In effect, it flatters the record.
He had also been staff director of the Council on Environmental Quality, an Assistant Secretary of Energy and had worked for the Atomic Energy Commission and Office of Management and Budget.
Back at the barbecue, she prodded huge sides of beef, made her own sausages, sampled wines and was lassoed by a cowboy on a horse (''Oh, that's wonderful!'').
An accompanying editorial in The Journal, written by members of a second group of diabetes researchers at the University of Colorado, endorsed the findings, saying they and other experts in the field had come to the same conclusion.
What is the inspired lunacy of Mr. Cleese in ''Fawlty Towers'' here becomes something resembling a sustained, vulgar shout.
Mr. Harris was released on April 26 from the California Men's Colony at San Luis Obispo and is living in Alameda County, according to the lawyer, Stuart Hanlon.
staff and Manufacturers Hanover had questioned the strength of the private developers' financial commitment.
He was president of the Nederlandse Standaard Bank of Amsterdam when he came to the United States in 1947.
The Senate then passed both the redistricting and leghold-trap bills, although the amendment appropriating the money for the trappers - about $350,000 - will require that the measure go back to the Assembly for another vote.
This ''Complete Poems'' is actually the second book Farrar Straus & Giroux has published under that title.
With the machine, Mr. Berkowitz said, those calls were completed within a couple of days.
station chief in Greece in 1975.
As modifications are made to our Start proposal, I will continue to seek stability at the lowest possible level of forces.
The Post is controlled by the Hobby family, prominent in Texas Democratic politics.
Van Vorst Park House Tour, Montgomery and Jersey Avenues, Jersey City, 201-435-8808.
''I will only speak to Deaver,'' Miss Honegger said.
Love is an opportunity for learning, and a way to enhance our lives.''
Not one was right, not one of the purses I picked off the counters in store after store.
Abu Hassan, as the flamboyant Fatah chief was known, was the son of Sheik Hassan Salameh, a Palestinian warlord who died in 1948 fighting the emergence of Israel.
As caring, peaceful peoples, think what a powerful force for good we could be.
Protecting a structure against lightning is basically a matter of providing a safe electrical path for the massive discharge of energy involved.
That announcement and Mr. Campbell's refusal to appear before a subcommittee on investigations and oversight chaired by Elliott H. Levitas, Democrat of Georgia, have intensified an ongoing feud between the Administration and Congress over the agency, which had a budget of $325 million for the fiscal year that ended Sept. 30.
A ban on construction of nuclear power plants would be valid even it its authors were motivated by fear of a core meltdown or other nuclear catastrophe.
It was there that Mrs. Johnson stayed Friday night.
Construction workers are working in the building again, this time turning the fourth floor into executive office space for the Spanish International Network.
But so much trade now takes place between the two countries that you now have Japanese restaurants in Sydney and Asian studies departments in Australian universities.
Power sharing of some kind could yet resolve what violence cannot.
But the United States accidentally finds itself able, perhaps, to help the Lebanese coexist again under one flag.
And then I can go home and read my literature,'' he says.
JOSEPH H. NEWMAN, Chairman, Joint Energy Committee, New York, Jan. 11, 1983
Moments later Senator Glenn, in prepared comments aimed both at Mr. Mondale and at President Reagan, picked up on the theme: ''I believe the people of Virginia want a President who looks forward instead of backward, and I believe they want a President who will put the nation's interest above the special interests.''
You have, however, suggested a third alternative of selling the warrants back to the company.
Critics say its safety department provides minimal service at best to drivers, although Arthur Fox, a Washington lawyer and union critic, says that 1,000 heavy-truck drivers are killed on the road each year.
I walked out into the main locker-room area.
Bit responded with a detailed explanation.
This first effort suggests that as the state undertakes the difficult job of revising its tax codes, it will have a wise and witty tutor.
Griffith was annoyed last week at the suggestion that the appeal of the women's teams was being built on cheesecake.
There the sense of power is pervasive and the pursuit of it blatant.
They would send four people from one side and left one side clear.
The East German writer Christa Wolf says that she finds the right form for her novels by starting them ''over and over until the right voice comes along.
Mr. Goldin said yesterday that a change in the fare system could save money and charged that the authority's purchasing agent had engaged in ''improper'' practices and that the agency was ''rife with nepotism.''
CHARLENE DROBNY New York, June 7, 1983
Tim Kerr, a left wing, has the same injury and the same prognosis.
''All the buses were running again by noon,'' James Weinstein, a spokesman for N.J.
* Magnet Manufacturing Co., Pompton Plains, N.J., has appointed Charles J. Schanzenbach a vice president.
The city is also reviewing a proposalby the Coalition for the Homeless, a nonprofit group that has successfully prodded the city into expanding its public shelter system.
I asked the man who was working on my house if he wanted a beer.
The teaming of Mr. Gibb and Mr. Rogers represents a shrewd attempt to rejuvenate a problematic career, because Mr. Rogers's sales, though still respectable, have plummeted in the last two years.
He closed his magazine during World War II and joined the Army, serving as a major in the 101st Airborne Division from 1942 to 1947.
''All you have to do,'' he said, ''is just look around our position here and you don't have to be much of a tactician to know that it's terrible, simply because of the large numbers of people and equipment, vehicles, etc.
Don't make a fuss, but be persistent.
The Arena Players summer season includes two mysteries, ''Deathtrap,'' which begins May 19, and ''Black Coffee'' by Agatha Christie, which is scheduled for the beginning of September.
This indeed was the scenario at many tables in the men's pairs, but the match-point factor sometimes had an impact on the bidding and play.
Spending for new construction declined 1.6 percent in March, the Commerce Department said.
But when it comes to Israel, it is always a special case.''
Put the mushrooms in a mixing bowl, and add warm water to cover.
This was Paul Taylor's ''Cloven Kingdom,'' which Mr. Taylor's own company has often danced here in the past.
The Cardinal does not plan to resign as the spiritual leader of 1.8 million Roman Catholics in the metropolitan area, a position he has held since 1968, a spokesman for the archdiocese said.
He does not think about the opponents, does not picture himself stopping shots.
Another large building stands empty just a few blocks away, at one end of the 165th Street pedestrian mall.
That includes an invasion by a neo-Nazi group.
His friends say he did.
Explaining why New York has different systems, Clarence Castel, president of the New York Board of Title Underwriters, the state's rate-making body, said that upstate title searches could be extremely difficult.
Featured in the cast are Stephen Keep, Barton Heyman, Nicholas Hormann, Richard Jordan and Concetta Tomei.
AS he handed out the Governor's Awards for Outstanding Volunteer Service in Alcohol and Drug Abuse recently, Governor O'Neill received some unexpected advice.
in the West at the present time.''
Can you tell me who this was?
The basic cost will depend on the type of vehicle you rent, its size and its furnishings and equipment.
Image it was, of course, but powerfully effective; nothing contributed more to the inflated notion of his ''leadership'' that remains a central part of the Kennedy myth.
saw its sales jump by 18.2 percent, selling 93,399 cars in the 10-day period this year, against 79,016 in the same period last year.
Visitors leave at 9 A.M. and return at 2 P.M. A third visit to the mainland combines a boat ride with a bus trip to Cancun, the pride of Mexico's new Government-sponsored resorts.
In 1954, a year after he and two other Democrats, Senators Stuart Symington of Missouri and John L. McClellan of Arkansas, left the Permanent Investigations Subcommittee, Mr. Jackson charged that the committee was ''hunting headlines instead of hunting Communists,'' in part because of a dispute over committee staffing and in part as a protest against the techniques of Senator Joseph R. McCarthy, Republican of Wisconsin.
The measure was passed by both chambers of the Legislature.
The strategy is to send the best climbers to find a route up the west ridge and fix it with fixed ropes.
* Data Switch Corp. said it planned to file for an offering of 450,000 common shares.
The company's reaction: It is ''shocked and alarmed,'' said a brief press release.
The judge's action might not actually delay the plant's closing, however, because that process was scheduled to take several years, giving Western Electric enough time to justify its action to the court and perhaps modify the affirmative action plan.
The university is in the process of establishing a graduate program in lobbying under the academic veneer of a master of arts degree in Congressional and government relations.
Such thinking was misguided, plant officials said.
After one publisher rejected the book, Mrs. Jhabvala's mother sent it to another, until Allen and Unwin accepted the manuscript, called ''To Whom She Will.''
Basing Budgets on Expectations Vermont budgets for future years are based in part on revenue at the end of a current fiscal year.
The best way to Hurley by car is to take the Gov.
The papers were not classified, the officials said, or even marked as the property of the White House.
They are the neighborhoods where this city's carpenters, janitors and factory hands live, the blue-collar workers who have been hardest hit by the country's economic problems.
The transit worker, 34-year-old William Turks of Far Rockaway, Queens, was beaten to death during what authorities say was an unprovoked, racially motivated attack on Mr. Turks and two other black transit workers by a mob of 15 to 20 white youths.
That was the Silver Anniversary, and we have just passed the Pearl.
Under the deal, Willis Faber will acquire a 49 percent stake in Johnson's New York subsidiary, Willcox Inc., a firm of reinsurance intermediaries.
There aren't many guide dog training schools around.''
The figure reflected an increase of 55,000 over the previous week's revised level in the key barometer of job market health.
''We had some big pieces.''
For all these services, Lehman earns millions in fees and commissions each year.
An exercise book for women, seasoned with the film star's philosophy of physical well-being.
But we began to take on a greater role'' as a representative of the movement.
Mr. Perle said he handled most of the Zabludowiczes' work at Abington.
Gym is co-ed - no longer are girls relegated to the auxiliary gym, which is used for dance class - also co-ed.
At the same time, the museum is reaching out into the community.
FOR centuries European investors have ranged far from home in pursuit of attractive opportunities.
But a high-ranking Zimbabwean minister and close associate of Mr. Mugabe said here that his Government would not discuss the matter with Mr. Nkomo while he remained abroad.
n a scrimmage he participated in as a defensive lineman, Reagan was tipped off by a friend in advance of each play called by the offensive team, thus enabling the future President to look like a better player than he really was.
First commissions are also ego-building - if not necessarily highpaying.
Before he spoke, the Pontiff was entertained by costumed dancers who serenaded him with Panamanian songs.
Indeed, with proper care Limmer boots will last for years, and many pairs come back to be resoled and reconditioned.
''But I would like that nameless and faceless official to come by and tell me he recognized that it would be a five-ton truck carrying 5,000 pounds of ordnance going at 60 miles per hour.
*Cream shortening with brown sugar.
Miss Rubin, who has not played in a tournament since last February, is on the comeback trail.
A more credible explanation may be that Mr. Zamora offends because he is too moderate and thus blurs the Administration's good-guy, bad-guy portrayals of Salvador's civil war.
By Vladimir Solovyov and Elena Klepikova.
A man of careful words, Mr. Shultz did not directly contradict the question's premise, and while he endorsed the President's program, he was noticeably more emphatic in speaking of the possibilities of the Contadora negotiating process.
The authorities said the people in the house were members of a Bible-reading cult that believed the police were agents of the Devil and forbade the eating of pork or drinking of water.
Among the bigger railroad gainers, Burlington Northern was up 3 7/8 points, to 104 1/2, after Morgan Stanley & Company gave the stock a favorable recommendation.
Hebrew psalms and the epics of ancient Greece may well have sounded like the Ethiopian folk songs performed by Seleshe Damessae.
''We had an ad for a stair slide.
I think we've given America entertainment and in that way made it better.
She had never sung Desdemona in San Francisco, so I and Verdi singers.
The company is unlikely to enter the mainframe computer market, the core of I.B.M.
'A Pleasant Conversation' Mr. Hammock declined to be interviewed.
Three of them, Bronx High school of Science, Brooklyn Technical High School and Stuyvesant High School, are called science high schools.
The barbecue was to include a short retrospective of the lighter side of Mr. Johnson's life with friends asked to recall anecdotes about him.
The gain reported for utilities was attributed in part to the increased use of air-conditioning during unusually hot weather in much of the country.
New York: The Vendome Press.
An aide to Jozef Cardinal Glemp complained that while the regime had kept its promise to Pope John Paul II to abolish martial law, ''the legal consequences of martial law have absolutely not been lifted.
Nine dissidents have vowed to go into Federal court again to win reinstatement as paid union representatives at ranches in the Salinas Valley.
Seibert and Miss Blumberg met in Hartford in July 1977, when they were skating with different partners.
The size of the opening is one of the critical issues of the trial, and lawyers for both sides have studied it, apparently singlemindedly, for months.
More than 4,000 of the army's better trained soldiers were sent in to San Vicente in early June.
''His parents thought the sun rose and set on him.''
When Williams, who scored 10 points, was asked about the incident, he said: ''It's not my decision.
These recipes have been adapted for home use.
In the over-the-counter market, the Nasdaq composite index eased 1.76, to 279.49.
''He was Modern, the New Church, tough doctrinally, but open to any kind of debate and talk,'' a knowledgeable churchman in Rome explained.
The bureau also reported ''substantial'' increases in jobs in the manufacture of transportation equipment, machinery and electrical equipment.
(Information may be obtained by writing the Tourette's Syndrome Association, 4102 Bell Boulevard, Queens 11361.)
Although Mr. Carlucci's complaints about whistle-blowers and auditors will not win much sympathy from liberals who believe that the military budget is out of control, he is equally convinced that there is too much distrust and bureaucratic checking in the poverty and social programs that lie closer to liberal hearts.
Mike Schmidt remembered only once in his 16 times at bat when he had a 2-balls-0-strikes count.
Kidder, Peabody & Company and Merrill Lynch Capital Markets have been named co- managers.
When fall comes to restore these places, it would take a magician to know where to plant new bulbs.
Later this summer, he will train some campers to be clowns so they can put on shows at area churchs and other institutions.
You have to be intelligent enough to realize that maybe Pittsburgh was a better team than we were in those years and they deserved the championship they won.''
''We found the owner,'' says Mr. Hobel, ''and we said, 'We want to shoot a movie here.'
Representative Edward J. Markey, Democrat of Massachusetts, the subcommittee chairman, responding to a question about the staff report, said, ''Secretary Watt has repeatedly shown that he is not a responsible steward of the nation's resources but rather their auctioneer.''
In his national radio address yesterday, President Reagan hailed the Administration- sponsored job training program that started this weekend as a demonstration that ''hope is being reborn across America.''
Noel Johnson, an 84-year-old marathoner from San Diego, finished in 5:42:19.
In 1980, when America's Cup skipper Russell Long named his 12-meter sailboat Clipper to satisfy backers from Pan Am, for example, members of the New York Yacht Club expressed irritation but ultimately allowed the boat to compete.
We were traveling in October, a middle season, yet no parador we visited had a room free the night of our visit.
Mr. Shultz agreed to receive Mr. Rostow at 3:30 P.M. last Wednesday, and Mr. Rostow, hobbling on his crutches from recent hip surgery, went from his office on the fifth floor of the State Department to Mr. Shultz's on the seventh floor, thinking he would be discussing the medium-range missile talks.
''I think this research shows that if the physical development of the birds were the sole result of genetic factors, their shape would not change in any predictable way when they were reared in a different location,'' Dr. James said in a telephone interview.
Return the skin to the tripe.
I do not feel at home in England.
Nine correction officers were charged yesterday with taking bribes from inmates in return for smuggling cash, cocaine and other contraband into the Federal jail at 150 Park Row.
But the underlying disagreements on policy remain, and there were signs even as the voting took place that further bitter battles could be expected later this week.
Last month, at the invitation of Egypt, David Kimche, the director general of the Israeli Foreign Ministry, led the first high-level delegation to Cairo in more than a year.
The index calculated by the Federal Reserve Board rose to a record 131.60, up from Friday's record of 130.19.
Because of the Concorde's speed, Winnie arrived back in New York two hours before he left London.
The information number is 619-1955.
''So this might give me an indication, too.''
In a 1978 Federal court case involving the Aluminum Company of America and Essex Industries, the judge decided that the old price terms were too onerous and, in effect, rewrote the contract.
They said the community would also raise the issue at a meeting of the steel committee of the Organization of Economic Cooperation and Development on July 21.
Mr. Gianfrancesco's business is one of many in this Westchester County village on Route 1 that, since last Tuesday's Connecticut Turnpike bridge collapse, have borne the brunt of detoured traffic.
Though most polls indicate that a large majority of the population firmly favor rentention of legalized abortion, some critics of Roe v. Wade say the findings have not been properly interpreted.
Like many other recent Robbins duets, this one explores the art of partnering.
In December, while the F.B.I.
Mr. DeSimone said last month he was considering running for Governor next year.
That was only right, for Mr. Yin was one of the committee of composers who had written it.
Senator Robert C. Byrd of West Virginia, the minority leader, took to the floor with an urgent advisory.
Others are not so sure.
He said it was easier to supervise the troopers by housing most in one place.
The latest action against Martin did not completely appease the head of the Major League Umpires Association, Richie Phillips.
LaPoint, making his third start and pitching after seven days rest, scattered four hits over seven and one-third innings to raise his record to 2-0.
If Princeton's landscape is more beautiful and Harvard's Cambridge setting more urbane, there is no question that it is from the college buildings that Yale gets much of its character.
If Indian Point escapes major penalties now, and if a vacancy occurs on the commission and is not filled quickly, the result may be highly favorable to the reactor operators, given the impasse at which the remaining four commissioners would likely find themselves.
Specter of Foreign Shipping The American maritime industry and its unions - protected by the Jones Act, which requires shipments between domestic ports to move on American ships - have strongly opposed the export of Alaskan oil because they fear a loss of business.
Bargain-Basement Prices No matter how many games retailers sell this Christmas season, they are not likely to make much, if any, money.
As a craftsman, his specialty is something called the Barnegat Bay Sneakbox, a low-slung craft that lets hunters sneak up on ducks.
But you don't have Gregory Hines in a picture, and not do a musical.''
Box 271, Highland Park, Ill. 60035; 312-831-3438.
His scale of expense was remarkably low for someone who aspired to be a major collector.
Carpeaux, a predecessor of Rodin, doesn't strictly speaking belong in the party, but his work is well worth a second look - the beautifully modeled eyes of Dumas the Younger especially.
If you wish to freeze the unbaked croissants, place them close together on baking sheets and cover closely with plastic wrap.When ready to bake, allow the croissants to defrost in the refrigerator.
In a rebuff to the Reagan Administration, a second Federal district judge today blocked regulations that would have required federally supported family planning clinics to notify parents when minors received prescription contraceptives.
But judging by his tendencies toward football, he will be a rookie quarterback in the National Football League, not an outfielder in the Yankees' farm system.
The prosperous and highly educated on both sides rarely mingle.
''The design is O.K., but that's it,'' said Raymond K. Rauch, who said that his umbrella repair shop, the R & A Shop in Arlington, Va., was one of three that still plied the trade on the East Coast.
''Pressure mounts with every game.
The warrants, which may be exercised any time during the next six months, were offered for $18.75 each.
''There's only a certain amount of legal work that we are able to do,'' he said.
County Official Ahead in Polls According to one recent private poll, Mr. Hedgecock, the County Supervisor, is leading the other candidates at this stage of the campaign, followed by Mrs. O'Connor and Mr. Cleator and, well behind the others, by Mr. Mitchell.
Told that the file, as reported in the article, contained an F.B.I.
General Credit Forms of Earth City, Mo., has patented perforated receipt forms that make it more difficult for counterfeiters to obtain valid names and numbers.
Ideally you should truss them with string, but it is not essential.
And in many cloisters, the chapel is open to the public during daylight hours and invited visitors may attend mass.
The charges against them were later withdrawn and they were granted immunity.
Harold Snyder, president of Biocraft Laboratories, said that the Region 2 office of the Federal Environmental Protection Agency had responded favorably to the process last year after his company successfully treated a soil sample from the Lipari landfill in Bridgeport, Gloucester County.
A lanky, 55-year-old extrovert with a gift for words, spoken and written, he exploded on the Irish scene in 1959 with the pyrotechnic color of a Roman candle, and he has never been out of the limelight since.
Lineup Changes Reviewed Since June 1, Martin has started the following players at different times: First base - Steve Balboni, Ken Griffey, Roy Smalley.
''The Department of Education has put a cap on the market for student loans,'' said Jay S. Olins, president of the California Student Loan Finance Corporation.
Evidence in Clinic Cited Although a handwriting expert testified that the doctor's signature was a forgery, Mr. Rather said today that ''I never doubted we had a phony report, and that report was signed by Dr.
The president of the United Nations General Assembly, Jorge Enrique Illueca of Panama, said today that there was no truth to reports that he had been dismissed as Vice President of his country.
With only minutes to spare before the jury expired on March 31, 1981, the jurors produced 23 indictments, charging the nursing home and eight of its staff with murder of eight patients.
''Exactly my point about this fruit of the pen of 18 learned folk,'' it replied.
It had three bedrooms, a wellappointed kitchen (including dishes and utensils), two baths (and an outside cold-water shower for washing off beach sand), a dining area and living room.
The fourth person was arrested about two hours before the noon rally.
At the same time, the Pope has shown his awareness that the Polish authorities need to give their consent and would attempt to use the visit to suggest the Pope's approval of present conditions in his homeland.
What could have been done to prevent it?
Today's Columns The Bank of Nova Scotia in Miami is caught up in a particularly difficult extraterritorial jurisdiction case.
If that isn't achieved, I believe we'll take a far stronger stand.
And it totally disrupted the economic calculations on which the Witkins had based their decision to buy the tenanted, rent-regulated building at 29 West 87th Street for $405,000, taking on a $310,000 mortgage from the seller.
Public schools routinely require students to give up athletics and other after-school activities when they reach the critical ninth and twelfth grades.
The transformation of the Western democracies into Orwell's monolithic Oceania was made possible by an imagined atomic war which took place ''during the 1950's.''
When Helen says ''thank you,'' that's it.
Mr. Toner said that the move could result in retaliation against G.O.P.
Their one bowl appearance in that period was the result of a conference agreement that prevented Oklahoma, the conference champion, from going to the Orange Bowl in consecutive years.
The Jets still refused to comment yesterday on whether they will leave when their lease is up at the end of January.
Today, Mr. Smith, who was first elected to the Senate 21 years ago, owns about 1,000 acres of Chemung County, most of which he uses to grow feed corn for his chickens.
The film revival listing in The Guide on Sunday carried next week's programs in place of this week's for six theaters.
The three other games pit Midwood against New Dorp, Bayside against Lehman, and Clinton against Susan Wagner.
Each leader has promised to post the other's proposal, but there are no sessions scheduled until the Assembly returns on Aug. 4.
The license plate of his Cadillac is CABLE-1, and the lobby of his building is inscribed: '' 'The best is good enough for me.'
''I'm excited about it, I really am,'' he said.
And as with clothes, last year's food chic is this year's cliche.
Eurodollar Time Deposits 9.75 Rates paid on dollar deposits outside the United States.
The 24 hours beginning at 7 P.M. last Friday were noisy, hot and busy at the station.
Caribbean Delights, 5223 Avenue D, Brooklyn.
A Federal appeals court today struck down a racial quota system for faculty in the Kalamazoo, Mich., public school system that voided seniority rights for some white teachers.
The 35-year-old Brazil-born daughter of a steelman has been in the work force for only nine years.
Republicans - Burton, no; Coats, no; Hiler, no; Hillis, no; Myers, no.
Dr. Musgrave, a physician, and Mr. Peterson, an engineer and former Air Force pilot, plan to spend three and a half hours outside the shuttle's pressurized cabin in a test of the new $2.5 million spacesuits.
Member of the Council on Foreign Relations ...
Guilty of Delinquency The student, who has remained anonymous, was charged by the local police with delinquency and found guilty after a trial.
He is also an investor in Box Seat, a regional sports channel planned for Southern California.
Croque-madame (A cheese and chicken sandwich) 8 thin, square slices white bread, trimmed of crust 8 thin, square slices Gruyere cheese, about 1/4 pound 4 or more thin slices cooked chicken breast, about 1/4 pound 4 tablespoons melted butter Sauce Mornay (see recipe), optional.
IN, Chun Byung, 45, captain SOHN, Dong Hui, 47, first officer KIM, Eui Dong, 31, flight engineer YOON, Yang Ro, purser CHO, Hyung Sim CHO, Kyung Ja CHUNG, Geum Joo CHUNG, Ran HUR, Jung Sook KIM, Chung Yul KIM, Hak Yoon KIM, Kyung Soon KIM, Mi Hyang KIM, Young Ran LEE, Boo Rae LEE, Eun Hee LEE, Eun Mee PAE, Young Rang ROH, Joon Shik ROH, Kwang Woo SHIN, Jung Moo TARP, Woon Sung YIM, Sang Mi
In a statement, Hitachi said it ''will take the lessons of this case in complete sincerity and make this case a springboard for our development as a true international enterprise.''
Now retired from having been a military sales manager for Schlitz beer, he lives in Tampa, Fla. where strangers recognize the name that's a synonym.
Of the Brooklyn Bridge connection, Mr. Golden said, ''Italian immigrant workers helped to build it 100 years ago.''
When it looked into the matter, the newspaper learned that 39 agricultural production teams in two Hebei counties had been buying damaged or rejected parts from bicycle factories, assembling and selling them.
funds are used to repay Federally guaranteed bonds, there will be ''a couple of hundred million'' left over, one city official said.
Nothing, that is, unless it becomes so narrow and blinkered that the needs of the constituents - in this case, the children -are forgotten.
players, which helped their coaching a lot,'' Porter said yesterday.
The total included record dollar sales of automobiles and gains for stores selling clothing, building supplies and food, as well as for drug and department stores and restaurants.
The unsavory after-dark activity along a few sections of the Hudson would unlikely be eliminated by landfill development.
The Labor Party has injected the Falkland war into the general election campaign, with a personal attack on Prime Minister Margaret Thatcher that brought swift condemnation.
The speakers will include John Houseman, producing artistic director for the Acting Company; Beni Montresor, stage designer; James Levine, artistic director of the Metropolitan Opera; Peter Brook and Peter Sellars, stage directors.
The mothers and older children ''shushed'' the little ones, but they just got louder and crankier.
The tournament schedule is: Wednesday, Aug. 24, 1 and 7 P.M.; Thursday, 1 and 7 P.M.; Friday, 7 P.M.; Saturday, 1 P.M., and Sunday, 1 P.M. For ticket information, call 937- 7091.
Jim Acker (2-0) went six innings and gained the victory.
The vestment rooms to the side of the nave house beautiful heavy colonial chests of drawers made from a Brazilian rosewood called jacaranda.
But Mailer's past record of resilience, productivity and readiness to leave disaster behind makes deep gloom - the overwhelming feeling as one grasps that ''Ancient Evenings'' has collapsed - seem inappropriate.
He's made it 10 times over.
Mr. Lehman denied suggestions contained in a New York Times article that the Abington Corporation, a military consulting firm he owned before joining the Administration, was still in that business.
Racing fans should get used to the extension of championship races to later in the season.
GERALDINE PAGE READS Geraldine Page, who is starring on Broadway in ''Agnes of God,'' will read from some of her favorite works this afternoon at 1 at the Donnell Library Center, 20 West 53d Street.
By agreeing not to plant 540 acres, he was given grain by the Government that he can sell in the open market for $89,000.
What unexpected event, then, might send stocks tumbling?
The tests turned up some accomplished dancers but no one who could also sing well.
Unmold onto a rack and let stand until cooled to room temperature.
Last fall, the betting among the 200 workers employed at the Rochester Products carburetor plant here was that they would be out of work before Christmas.
PLETHORA OF PUPPETS There's a new show, involving more than 200 puppets specially made for it, that opens today at Ohio Theater, 59 Greene Street, near Spring Street, in SoHo (226-7341).
Ryan needs eight to establish a record.
''This is still a tremendous place to be in banking.''
The country is desperately poor, kept afloat, as it has been since the initial postindependence regime of Francois Tombalbaye, only by budg Page 31 etary aid from France and French backing of its currency, the Central African franc.
's six divisions could be involved since the company continued to sell and still continues to sell - modified versions of the products after the original complaint was made.
But there are other advantages besides lower rents.
On the south side of New Delhi is a cluttered urban village of narrow, twisting alleyways, tantalizing sights, sounds and smells, hole-in-the-wall shops and dusty Asian bustle that could have served well as the set for many a biblical movie.
Playful watercolors dramatize light and shadow, clouds and sea, with skill.
The other faculty members are Americans, who teach English and art, or Japanese hired locally.
Her father is a partner in the Lexington law firm of Brinkley, Walser, McGirt, Miller & Smith.
These were said to include Deputy Prime Minister David Levy and Foreign Minister Yitzhak Shamir, both of whom are politically ambitious members of Mr.
In 1972 he was named managing director of G.M.
As an Australian, I know that Australians are well- received in this country, that American tourists are visiting Australia in greater numbers, and that there is a high level of cooperation between the two nations.
Separately, European central bankers, meeting today and tomorrow at the Bank for International Settlements, the central bankers' group in Basel, Switzerland, reportedly discussed realignment of European currencies.
Martin had no immediate answer to the problems he has had with his fourth and fifth starters.
These securities are then placed in a trust account, and pledged to pay the interest and principal of the debt as it comes due.
Some Administration political advisers said privately, however, that the President would address the subject on Saturday, when he is scheduled to speak in El Paso to the American G.I.
alternative, Miss Honegger has revealed, however inadvertently, how silly a scheme it really is.
In fact, interest rates have been the market's biggest concern during the past few months.
The Marine commandant, Gen. Paul X. Kelley, arrived in Frankfurt tonight, just as other C-141 transports were landing at Rhine Main with Marine replacements en route to Lebanon.
''I think this is as good moisture conditions in the spring as we've had for a long time,'' Mr. Elliott said.
Perhaps budgetary considerations led to the reliance on one all-purpose household set, well designed by Roger Mooney, instead of the three that Ibsen called for.
His international spectrum of friends includes the Nobel prize-winning chemist Linus C. Pauling, the sculptor Isamu Noguchi, the Vatican Secretary of State Agostino Cardinal Casaroli and Qian Xinzhong, Chinese minister of family planning.
It is here that Mr. Robins provides a hint of what ''Swan Lake, Minnesota'' is really about -the relationship between a father and child in a motherless household, a relationship expressed through silences and noncommunication.
The financing also included 9 5/8 percent capital appreciation bonds due in 2014, which were offered at a price of $56.45 per $1,000 bond.
Born in England to American parents, Mr. McBride attended schools in Spain and France and spoke Spanish and French.
Of Metro-North, Mr. Plavin said, ''If the 8 percent carries forward and we lose that for a whole year, we'll have lost a lot of money and the railroad will have to look around and say, 'Maybe we shouldn't be running that many trains.'
But they then outscored their opponents 34 to 0, to win by 30.
Bamberger again last night decided to keep Rusty Staub at first in Kingman's place.
In previous seasons, the Jets took out the middle linebacker on passing plays and left their four-man front to charge the quarterback.
We don't just sit in red-gold splendor in the opera house and say, 'Come to me.'
Day care centers, nurseries and the Federal Government's Project Head Start all attempt to address this need.
He is survived by his wife, the former Mary Senftner; a son, Jeffrey, and a daughter, Jane, all of Northbrook, and his father, Arthur, of Mound City.
Development costs for the MX land-based missile were projected to peak at $3.4 billion in 1984, then drop swiftly to $55.3 million in 1988.
The Government promised a ''good faith effort'' to find money, but did not promise specific sums.
Last year, however, the New York Court of Appeals declined to do so and upheld Mr. McCray's conviction.
Of course, all of this would be too much to ask of Hero.
Michael Puleo's Soldier variation -and his Candy Cane on Friday night -suggest that he is one of the company's most promising new young men.
The bride graduated from the Proctor Academy in Andover, N.H., and the College of the Atlantic in Bar Harbor, Me.
Finally I got a pair that fit.
It refuses to identify itself either as a straight comedy or as a satire, though it dabbles in both.
Perhaps the most overbearing building in the urban renewal area is the most ambitious, a gray masonry building designed by Haines Lundberg Waehler for the New York Telephone Company.
Furious, Francesca flees to America with the twins and Masha.
''We're not basing our schedule entirely on what the competition is doing,'' Miss Blair said.
Judge Gignoux ruled that the statute was legal, forcing an eventual settlement in which the state surrendered 300,000 acres of land and $27 million.
''THE WIZARD OF BABYLON,'' which opens today at the Film Forum, is another footnote to the career of the late Rainer Werner Fassbinder, which means that it's something not to be missed by anyone interested in the career of that rare, disturbing film maker.
B-After an extraordinary charge of $5,000...C-Net income after an extraordinarycharge of $8,000...D-After extraordinary credits of $52,000 for the latest yr and $184,000 for the earlier yr; the results for the qr and yr include that of company acquired in Mar 1982
''It certainly will make us uncomfortable if some of those aggregates continue to rise at a pace more rapidly than our targets suggest,'' he warned.
To increase their leverage, the 16 Democrats noted that legislation raising the national debt limit passed the House this year by only 28 votes.
Carnesecca was able to use only seven players last night because Mullins, Stewart and James were out with injuries.
Quintus McDonald had three receptions for 64 yards and a touchdown.
Mississippi voters elected Bill Allain as Governor, decisively rejecting a campaign of sexual accusations.
Both M-2 and M-3 grew faster than their growth objectives in May and in June, the latest month of complete data.
Riccardo Marini served as best man.
Mrs. Sears is a great- granddaughter of William Russell Grace, founder of W. R. Grace and twice Mayor of New York.
Revenue dropped 28.8 percent, to $783.6 million, from $1.17 billion.
When he was bored, off form or away in a musical dreamland he produced work that has long been consigned to a High Victorian limbo.
For the commercial networks, a successful ''MacNeil-Lehrer Newshour'' could be the example that overcomes their affiliates' refusal to surrender the lucrative 7:30-to-8-P.M. time slot, so that the evening news programs could be expanded to an hour.
For those tournaments, the winnings had to be estimated.
This costs the city and the state millions of dollars and deprives us of fair political representation.''
The Federal Bureau of Investigation thwarted the plot when a team of special agents posing as art thieves was hired to take part in the scheme.
In any case, selecting a healthy person to receive the artificial heart would be ethically unacceptable to most Americans because there would be little potential benefit to the volunteer.
Under the measure, officials can shut down illegal stores immediately by issuing a temporary closing order, to be enforced by the Police Department.
The project director for the renovation was Thomas Fritstein of Skidmore, Owings & Merrill, the firm that designed the building for Union Carbide and planned the renovation for Manufacturers Hanover.
President Reynaldo Bignone said today that he would pardon former President Isabel Martinez de Peron soon, which would clear the way for her to run for office.
Conference in Baltimore The informal conference of House Republicans in Baltimore this weekend may turn out to be less predictable than doubters among its participants had feared.
In addition, Equity demanded that Mr. Papp agree to head a committee to raise money from corporations and foundations to encourage an exchange of actors.
He Assumed Identity in July Mr. Boyd assumed the identity of ''Dr.
ARE the nation's commodity exchanges opening new markets faster than the new products can be absorbed by the brokerage industry, commercial hedgers and the general trading public?
There were 25 dancers, wearing the traditional black cloak which symbolizes the grave, the white shirt and long skirt representing the shroud, the tall honey-colored stovepipe hat for the tombstone and soft leather slippers.
Six months before shooting began, Mr. Vigne - formerly assistant to Claude Lelouch on seven films -worked with the art director and costume designer as well: ''We designed the film in tones of brown, with warm colors and golden light,'' he said, revealing the kind of unified conception and attention to detail that earned ''The Return of Martin Guerre'' the French Academy Awards for Best Set Design and Best Original Screenplay.
A church official said the Prime Minister had also been told of more recent reports of indiscriminate killings and beatings.
... Damaso Garcia, Toronto's second baseman, won $400,000 in arbitration.
The guns are very effective against slow, low-flying planes such as the antiquated Hawker Hunters.
Unlike eyeglasses, which people do not hesitate to wear once their eyesight is less than perfect, hearing aids are avoided even in advanced cases of hearing loss.
''Murray, why are all those people staring at the Flatiron Building and singing 'There Is Nothing Like a Dame?'
The figure reflects a $16 million increase over the fiscal year 1982, the agency said.
He gave a team a good psychological lift; he's a physically impressive man, his mental attitude lent itself to building of confidence.
1), and Liszt's ''Mephisto Waltz.''
Elizabeth Charles, daughter of Robert H. Charles of Washington and Newport, R.I., and the late Mrs. Charles, was married yesterday to William Bryson Walton, son of Mr. and Mrs. James Walton of Fairfield, Conn.
The Wolverines took a 6-0 lead on field goals of 37 and 20 yards by Bergeron, but Iowa cut the deficit in half with a 56-yard field goal by Tom Nichol with 53 seconds remaining before intermission.
However, he said Friday that some leaders of Mr. Marcos's party ''don't seem much interested'' in considering a change in the system of succession.
Mr. Shultz met at the United Nations Plaza Hotel yesterday with the Saudi Foreign Minister, Prince Saud al-Faisal, and with Foreign Minister Marwan al-Kassem of Jordan to discuss the Middle East.
''All of us were New Yorkers, born there, working there.
He did not mention the ''exploratory committee'' that Mr. Jackson had said would choose between him and the other potential black candidates.
King Hussein of Jordan arrived here today on a one-day visit for talks with Iraqi leaders, the official Iraqi press agency reported.
'Social Positions Are Threatened' Some students acknowledge this.
''I think we still have a long way to go,'' an aide to Mr. Arafat said, ''and I think there will be a lot of fighting.
- The marines did not have the ability to analyze the mass of intelligence on possible terrorist threats that they were receiving.
Tightening of Programs Noted Charles T. Nelson, a Census Bureau statistician, said: ''In past years, when the poverty rate increased, there were increases in the participation rates for noncash benefit programs.
''We're just trying to live it one day at a time.
Recently, after I wrote to Mr. Barry to see if he would mind if I wrote about his gardens, I learned from his gracious reply that he wasn't Mr. Barry at all but Mr. Harold-Barry.
''Resorting to protectionism must be avoided at all costs if we want to avoid the serious tragedy that we all experienced in the 30's.''
''I think that was the case, particularly during the ratification process of the aborted agreement,'' Mr. Fraser said.
Its highly sophisticated circuitry excels both in maintaining proper image geometry (for example, keeping straight lines straight rather than distorting them into curves) and it has the ability to produce a true dark field as background for the picture rather than the usual speckled gray.
A 24-hour strike by Argentina's trade union movement brought economic activity to a virtual halt throughout the country today.
Thoroughbred Racing: Aqueduct Race Track, Ozone Park, Queens, 1 P.M. (Television - SportsChannel, 6:30 P.M. and 11 P.M., tape).
Gorman (either as originals or signed and numbered lithographs) can be had at the Navajo Gallery, Old Town (323 Romero Street N.W.).
The greatest problem, he said, was in 30 to 35 of the system's 600 elementary schools, and most of that was ''intruder related.''
It was as an authority on the classics that Ballet Theater engaged him in 1940 as ballet master, choreographer and premier danseur.
Instead of being cooked on top of the stove, with liquid added little by little, the rice is baked in the oven for 20 minutes.
They can't garnishee your wages if you ain't got any work.''
Thread the cubes of eggplant, the lamb, the onion and tomatoes in alternate pieces on skewers.
Rockefeller Center offered $68 a share for Outlet's 3.6 million shares, not adjusted for a recently announced 3-for-2 stock split.
He is also due to pay tribute to Polish patriotism at Gora Swietej Anny, the former Annaberg, a mountain landmark in the Polish rising against German domination over Silesia immediately after World War I. Wroclaw a Solidarity Stronghold The visit to Wroclaw seems likely to be tense in view of the exceptional continuing support for Solidarity in that industrial and university city.
Bruce Davidson As a world-renowned photojournalist, Bruce Davidson has frequently photographed the city's seamier qualities, but he spent last weekend visiting Santa Claus in the company of his 9-year-old daughter, Anna.
An Iraqi military communique said Iraqi forces continued to strike ''enemy positions and troops concentrations in front of Iraqi positions in the Haj Omran area.''
The partly clad young woman had been shot once in the head.
''I won't pick up any films I don't think will be profitable in the theatrical market,'' said Charles Schreger, president of Triumph, who added that ''In general, $1 million in film rentals is an enormous amount in the classics market.''
Nearly four feet tall, it is particularly interesting for the chisel grooves visible on the face and on the demons.
It's infinitely easier to put both cars into reverse once they have come to a stop.
And now - cruel jest!
Pam Shriver has again moved into Martina Navratilova's path in the United States Open tennis championships, this time in the semifinals of women's singles.
He will remain a vice president.
The new structure, James Houghton said in a statement, ''will result in better communication and faster decision making.''
''This one was an apple, and the next time, he will get a tie with the seal of the City of New York that protects you when you go into Central Park.''
His father was co-founder and president of the Pilgrim Latex Thread Company in Fall River, Mass.
$57,000 *2*678 Everdell Avenue, 4-bedroom, 1-bath, *2*26-year-old split-level; formal dining room, *2*eat-in kitchen, in-ground pool; taxes $2,400.
As far as Julie Sullivan was concerned, as she alternately swooned and shivered while watching the greats of Hollywood's entertainment industry file into the Dorothy Chandler Pavilion tonight, the California license plate in her hand told her whole story: 1ONJFAN.
''Mansfield and Southbury both have injury rates that are very high, and we're quite concerned about that,'' said Richard Goldberg, a spokesman for the state's Workers' Compensation Division.
As one Wall Street investor put it: ''The power is there and power doesn't like a vacuum.''
Presumably because Bell's ''companion,'' the painter Duncan Grant, was openly homosexual, Mr. Hynes writes ''one must conclude that this was a union in which painting formed the bond that sex provides in more ordinary existences.''
But both have limits: the dipstick because it can test only for glucose and not with great precision; the lab because of the investment in space, equipment and staff.
*Cream the butter (by processor, electric mixer or hand) with the sugar until fluffy and beat in the eggs.
''We'll never get to the bottom of it,'' said Deputy R.D.
Unfortunately, the new building is barely visible from the south, where it should be able to be seen against the older tower, which is taller.
Turning to an older sister, already schooled in the ways of the new country, she says, ''What is happening?''
Mrs. Pooler, State Assemblyman G. Oliver Koppell, a Democrat of the Bronx, and Karen S. Burstein, chairman of the State Consumer Protection Board, said the decision showed that the commission did not adequately reflect consumer interests.
But Mr. Quinn said since they behave metabolically very much like the carbohydrates sucrose and honey, agency regulations may be changed to make manufacturers remove the sugar-free and sugarless labels.
Before becoming the Hudson County Prosecutor in 1979, it was charged, Mr. Ruvoldt extorted $115,000 from Mr. Feder to bribe public officials in Kearny and North Bergen for their approval of construction of two shopping malls.
Mr. B's Cherokee Tavern/Supper Club, 216-08 Merrick Blvd., Queens.
No Hope for Record The co-winner who took a spill was Pico, ridden by Barney Ward of Brewster, N.Y.
''The major told me if Viktor loved me he would behave better.,'' she said.
The southbound lane will be kept free for emergency vehicles.
TWO precincts cover the area - the 20th, from 59th to 86th Street, and the 24th, from 86th Street to Cathedral Parkway.
On May 23 the state issued a cease-and-desist order against United Nuclear to stop further seepage from the tailings.
Entries will be accepted in categories ranging from a single specimen to 24 specimens, depending upon the number of varieties grown by the exhibitor.
It is a subsistence economy, though many of the farmers have some income from what they sell.
''Homage to Shiva,'' which Miss O'Donnell created in 1980, would also be a less than grateful showcase by any standard.
The Foreign Affairs Minister, William Hayden, said here that the Soviet diplomat, Valery N. Ivanov, had ''infringed the conventions applying to the proper conduct of diplomats'' and was ordered to leave the country within seven days.
The Administration had sought a ''surprise'' announcement to coincide with the Pope's visit.
About 28,000 union members and 12,000 other employees had voted to set up picket lines Monday if the 18 affiliated unions failed to agree on new contracts.
A humorous retort to ''Real Men Don't Eat Quiche.''
The practice of having Capitol hideaways is probably nearly as old as the Capitol itself, at least since completion of the two wings now occupied by the Senate and House chambers.
The chairman of the Power Authority of the State of New York, which operates a nuclear plant at Indian Point, told a House subcommittee today that opponents of the plants ''tend to be zealots who don't care in a sense what the answers are.''
The Islanders got a chance to pull even again when they went on a 10-minute power play at 11:53.
Arnsparger, 57 years old, coached the Giants for two and a half years ending in the middle of the 1976 season.
What's the sense in that?''
''As we got more and more sophisticated, we got away from the personal interaction,'' said Carl T. Wallace, administrator of the project.
One Hong Kong driver looked again and again at what purportedly was the address of a restaurant.
But now with the recent large increases, the cable groups have been complaining about the agency.
''Architectural History Lectures,'' the New-York Historical Society, 170 Central Park West (76th Street), 873-3400.
Mrs. Quinonez was seized at her home in Miami, and rescued in Washington.
We both felt as if we had escaped from its strained, claustrophobia-inducing absorption with itself for a month or more.
Riggins, the game's most valuable player, stayed in Pasadena, Calif., for a luncheon in his honor.
The Mets ended it in the 11th.
They are talented people who care about their work more than the rewards.
But the Army, instead of summoning West German police officers to clear them from the two entrances to the installation, halted all normal traffic on and off the base, leaving the demonstrators sweltering and singing in the hot sun.
This machine probably cannot use a spreadsheet program disk made for I.B.M.
Besides Mr. Quinonez, the peace commission was represented by Marco Rene Rabelo and Jose Guillermo Trabanino.
MARVINE HOWE is chief of the Athens bureau of The Times.
The biggest excitement in the annual billings issue of Advertising Age due out tomorrow will be the ranking of agencies according to revenues.
''It amounts to governmental euthanasia of the older parts of the nation, particularly the Northeast,'' Governor Cuomo told about 1,000 guests at the Regional Plan Association's annual dinner at the New York Hilton Hotel, 53d Street and the Avenue of the Americas.
Scuffle Is Reported He says he is now convinced that his wife returned to Bulgaria voluntarily, but that she abducted their son.
The bride is administrative assistant in Chevy Chase, Md., with Prudential-Bache Securities for which Mr. Hinton is an operations clerk in Washington.
Air fare and meals are extra.
Williams, who also had 14 assists, scored 25 points, Woodson scored 19 and Drew 17 as the Kings beat the Lakers for the first time in four tries this season and moved back to the .500 level at 26-26.
The recovery, they contend, was more rooted in classical Keynesianism -which holds that deficit spending can be an effective way to revive economic growth - than in the new Reaganomics.
Begin is expected to move soon to an apartment that has been rented for him in a building near the Jerusalem home of his son, Benjamin Zeev Begin, a geologist.
CHICAGO (USFL) - Signed Vagas Ferguson, running back; Bob Simmons, offensive guard; Revie Sorey, offensive guard, and Jeff Gossett, kicker.
Wladyslaw Hardek, one of five fugitive Solidarity leaders, turned himself in and read a statement on television calling for an end to the clandestine struggle; the same day a slowdown called by Solidarity supporters went largely unheeded at the Gdansk shipyard.
On the topic of refreshment, he recommends tea instead of the mineral water and soft drinks that, together with the omnipresent green felt cloth, have for years been standard equipment on Soviet conference tables.
Departures are every 20 minutes or so and the round-trip fare is about $3.50.
The tapes, made for sales forces and re- edited for customers, ''have played at counters across the country,'' Mr. Klein said.
He is survived by his wife, Nancy; a son, F. J. O'Neill Jr.; two daughters, Mary Dorger and Elizabeth O'Neill, both of Cincinnati, and nine grandchildren.
Seven hundred million in economic and military assistance has been delivered or is on its way to El Salvador since Ronald Reagan came to office, all at his request and all with Congressional approval.
She said she had ''no reason to doubt'' earlier United States statements that Cosmos 1402 would blow up in the earth's atmosphere and that it would reach the earth late this month and not February.
This is all the more ironic because there is increasing evidence that the Reagan Administration would dearly like to rid itself of this concrete and expensive albatross, and would be delighted to honor a trade-in request from the Governor.
In this role, he acts as counselor to the clergy and the laity, says mass at St. Patrick's and visits many churches for special events.
Until recently, many analysts predicted that Tampax, based in Lake Success, L.I., would be acquired by a stronger consumer products company interested in Tampax's $85 million in cash, zero debt and extensive, 236,000-store distribution network.
Some landlords, however, believe that over the long term, the decline of many neighborhoods is traceable to rent control, because it makes it impossible for landlords to keep up their buildings properly.
''I've learned I don't have to be afraid,'' she said of her semester with Touche Ross & Company.
Recently, I came across a striking sentence in a letter written by a 19th-century author to his anonymous lady love: ''To you, I am like an old opera, which you are obliged to forget in order to see it again with any pleasure.''
Duncan, the owner of an oil company in Oklahoma City, was unavailable for comment today.
Lebanon has been eclipsed by the oil era.
Adjustable rate mortgages have rates that vary during the term with one of the recognized credit indexes.
'House' System Is Proposed Mr. Goodlad said that his own and related research suggested that American schools were too big.
The commission has published booklets to advise lawyers on handling older clients.
Anthony J. Alvarado, the new Schools Chancellor, yesterday proposed closing some troubled high schools by September and finding the money to make all-day kindergarten classes the norm throughout New York City.
''If the 'scrap tobacco' issue is not resolved quickly, the momentum will have been established to take me out of the Senate in 1984,'' the Senator wrote in one of the letters.
''The push is on to get dealers to sell the backlog of gasoline, but I'm not so sure the public is ready to buy,'' he added.
The net income for the year-ago quarter and 9 months include a gain of $3,225,037 on the sale of tax credits.
But Mr. Bradford, says the company's recovery could be stalled if higher interest rates and third-world debt problems cut short a strong capital goods recovery.
I am particularly disturbed by Mr. Raphael's contention that cynical fathers will choose to ''vote with their feet'' to abandon child support payments.
In the board's second discussion memorandum, distributed last April, it recommended that these benefits be accrued before the employee's retirement.
* Johnson Wax, Racine, Wis., has elected Dick E. Milholland to the new position of senior vice president-safety, health, environment, and chief manufacturing officer.
Came to Camp Overweight That skill had elevated him, until the injuries, ahead of Augustyniak, and it continues to make him impressive.
The character of Fanny, who Mr. Fox describes as ''Yente deified,'' is played by Marilyn Gabrielle of White Plains; the rest of the 18-member cast, eight of whom have principal parts, are all local residents who span an age range from 20 to 26, according to Mr. Fox.
Since then, while clashes between Nicaraguan troops and Hondurasbased anti-Sandinist rebels have escalated in northern Nicaragua, efforts to revive the Mexican-Venezuelan initiative had been suspended until Mexico's new Government was in place.
In no state is television a more important political tool than in California, where some 24 million people live in an area more than 1,000 miles long and almost 300 miles wide.
Mr. Fuller, the creator of the geodesic dome, was stricken with a fatal heart attack late Friday while visiting the bedside of his wife of 65 years.
His grandfather, the late Dr. Henry Valentine Wildman, was a psychiatrist in New York.
(July 21) THE SERIOUS AGGRAVATION CAN MEAN SERIOUS WEIGHT LOSS DIET Barbara Hernstein-Bernstein, M.D.
He is not free to leave the country.
''I feel satisfied that there is enough ambiguity about who pressed the button first,'' Mr. Schneider said.
One student bid 250 points for a spot with the brokerage firm, and won it.
Distribution expenses are now left to the states and charities.
Canada 1 led Britain's Victory 83 for four legs only to have Victory overtake her by the fifth mark and win by 34 seconds.
Although university officials have refused to discuss the charges, published reports last week said that Veal had been accused of making improper sexual advances.
This time, I asked him to think about it eight or nine hours.
OWEN WISTER, the Philadelphia aristocrat who knew Theodore Roosevelt and Ignace Jan Paderewski, wrote several books, but none approached the popularity of ''The Virginian,'' published in 1902.
Smear the grout on liberally, and wipe the excess off promptly with a damp cloth or sponge.
Time enough to build the emotional and cultural bridges to one another across oceans so that the year has a meaning worthy of the incredible feat of our survival.
Five minutes before trading began, Mr. Stonehill did get his first orders.
Brian Currin, an unarmed guard, was shot in the chest.
Selection of the site brought an immediate outcry from Councilman Henry Martinez, whose East Ward District includes the parcel.
They cite the association's hiring of a Washington lobbying consultant, Timmons & Company, that also does work for the Trial Lawyers Association.
An hour later, Mondale is at O'Hare Airport, headed for a week's rest back on Lowell Street and then a push in Massachusetts for the state party convention straw poll there on April 9.
His father, who is retired, was assistant treasurer of the Metropolitan Oil Company in Boston.
He also spoke to the Tax Council and the Investment Company Institute.
Research also indicates that latchkey children are vulnerable to the more subtle risks of mental harm that arise from the daily isolation and alienation from peers and adults.
To the Editor: In this year's budget, Governor Cuomo has cut out the funds allocated to the Governor's Task Force on Domestic Violence.
Robert W. Bedingfield performed the ceremony at the Reformed Church in Bronxville.
In the beginning, all units sold were 60 seconds long, and midway through the 1960's many advertisers were using them as two 30's backto-back.
The Court ruling swept aside a practice used by Congress for 50 years to delegate authority to the President and then block his action if either or both Houses disagreed with it.
The Justice Department and Burlington Northern agreed on a way to avert antitrust problems if Burlington takes over El Paso.
Exxon closed up 1 point, at 30; Standard Oil of California added 1 5/8, to 32 7/8; Texaco, Monday's second most active issue, ended at 31 1/2, up a point, and Gulf Oil added 7/8, to 30 5/8.
Under the Reagan Administration's latest budget proposal, for the 1984 fiscal year, the total would grow to $80 million.
Three plays later, McCallum swept right end for 14 yards and a touchdown, and Navy led, 14-0.
Dairy cows have been killed, cattle butchered, equipment ruined and barns and wheat fields burned.
His concept has been encouraged by township officials, but has raised concern among some experts, who say it may not be the most effective way to preserve farmland.
''When they put in the temporary truck ramps and the detour, we thought things would get back to normal,'' Mr. Oliver said, ''but things haven't changed much.
I've never been terrified in my life until now.''
Holmes, in turn, agreed to limit this fight to 12 rounds, the W.B.C.
---- Borg Defeats McEnroe TOKYO, April 9 (AP) - Bjorn Borg defeated John McEnroe in an exhibition today, 6-4, 2-6, 6-2.
Last month, at the end of the most recent mission to the Salyut 7 station, which remains in orbit, Pravda, the Soviet Communist Party newspaper, said that the main thrust of the Soviet space program was the creation of more sophisticated ''orbital complexes'' and eventually the deployment of a ''permanently manned orbital complex.''
He calls for negotiations and agreement - ''on arms or any other substantial matter of mutual interest'' that ''establishes a working climate of trust and cooperation.
If the captains on each team cannot agree, the pin should be set up again and a provisional ball thrown.
In a briefing for reporters at the Pentagon, Mr. Perle said the decision by the North Atlantic Treaty Organization had been made without expecting that the Soviet Union would either cut its nuclear weapons aimed at Western Europe or become more responsive in arms control negotiations in Geneva.
The pianist is Paul Jacobs, whose excellence is only slightly overshadowed by the even more authoritative accounts of the same music by Charles Rosen on Dutch Etcetera (ETC 1008).
If the latter, aiming the MX at such leaders will be even more dangerous.
Funeral services will be held at 10 A.M. today for Representative Benjamin S. Rosenthal, Democrat of Queens.
The newspaper said that the companies may have violated Stanford's recruiting guidelines by holding the parties early and, more importantly, by excluding from them the vast majority of the M.B.A. class.
Panel Developing Program The creation of the Buell Center is expected to solidify Columbia's position, as well as that of New York City, as a center for architectural research and scholarship.
He hit a perfect drive into the 18th fairway, then reached home, 213 yards away, ''with the best 2-iron of my life.''
Miss Craft's former co-anchor, Scott Feldman, said that a consultant had coached Miss Craft in anchoring by having her read poetry.
It ''lost money in every year of its existence.''
''He was lugging in real bad.
''Why should he be banned for life?''
Douglaston is one of a small number of residential neighborhoods in the city where development is limited to one- and two-family homes, although several postwar apartment buildings along Douglaston Parkway and south of the Long Island Expressway were completed before zoning laws were modified in the early 1960's.
''This attempt to evict a distinguished researcher and clinician is symptomatic of the hysteria that has surrounded the AIDS crisis,'' said Mr. Abrams.
Dr. Drell and others contend that President Reagan is trying to convince the public that there is a technological solution to the nuclear ''sword of Damocles.''
I've always been able to throw, ever since I was 8 years old, growing up in Rossville, Ga.'' After demonstrating patience bordering on that of Job, Scott got his chance.
Like many young pianists, Miss Rosewoman has jazz history at her fingertips.
The Anderson book is more reportorial, the Hazan book more subjective.
According to several sources, Federal authorities, with the cooperation of Mr. Barnes and of the office of the city's Corporation Counsel, are seeking to remove the children from Miss Grant's custody on the ground that they have been neglected.
Last March, the Court ruled that Dr. MacDonald had not been deprived of his right to a speedy trial and reinstated his 1979 murder conviction.
In Paterson, 45-day layoff notices were sent to 50 police officers and firefighters after an arbitrator awarded salary increases for the past two years totaling 17 percent and costing the city $2.3 million, almost four times what had been budgeted.
There will be many more black Americans flying in the future.
There are too many hungry people.''
''Certainly no democracy can survive unless those who express their choice are able to choose wisely,'' said the university president, Dr. John Brademas.
The locks on most double-hung windows are generally of little use because they can easily be pried open.
Has all shapes and sizes of glass shades available, including antique reproductions and art-glass styles.
And messiahship, in a nuclear context, is the ultimate vulgarity.
New York City Housings Development Corporation, $50 million.
Bureau officials, acknowledging the F.B.I.
* Itel Corp., San Francisco, has promoted Olivia Orr to corporate controller.
The concert starts at 8 o'clock.
In January 1981, he hired Stanley J. Leibo, a cryobiologist who was working under a grant from the Atomic Energy Commission at the Oak Ridge National Laboratory in Tennessee.
General Saguy's opposition to the ties with the Phalangists was reportedly based on the military intelligence assessment that the militiamen were militarily inadequate and far from dependable.
Turning to the prison system, however, is not a problem-free proposition.
However, in certain places, apertures with torn edges reveal underlying grids glazed in brilliant yellows, reds and greens.
Mr. Legakis described one defendant, Eddie Argitakos, as a close friend, adding that he had served as ''the best man'' at Mr. Argitakos's wedding.
He even sent armed sloops up to Saybrook, he did, but their mission failed.
A 50-minute private audience with a ranking official of a country with which the Vatican maintains no diplomatic relations is considered a gesture of considerable cordiality.
The 19-year-old Swede received a standing ovation from a crowd of 11,000 at the close of the 2-hour-45-minute match.
Peter F. Ryan, Clarendon's chief financial officer, said the firm had a total of $354 million in assets on Sept. 30.
'Strategic Objective' Jean-Yves Haberer, chairman and chief executive officer of the French bank, said in a statement: ''This arrangement demonstrates that the pursuit of Paribas's North American activities constitutes one of its main strategic objectives.''
All of the murders and other accusations, law enforcement officials said, stemmed from attempts to conceal the fraud at the defunct Candor Company, which had been headed by the 47-year-old Mr. Margolies.
To the Editor: As a contractor, it is irritating to read articles about residential remodeling.
James Gaston, who, as director of the Division of Water Resources, had been Mr. Walker's superior, said he was satisfied that whatever specific problems with the site had not been addressed would be rectified before cleanup and relocation of the well fields began.
In a resolution passed at a special session this month, the Legislature demanded that the state-supported university surrender its claim to the land.
Dreyfus's move to join the banking fraternity is widely viewed as a natural effort by a major money fund sponsor to fight back against the banks.
In 1970, he moved East to become president of the Chesapeake and Potomac Companies, which will be subsidiaries of Bell Atlantic.
''But my background in Asian theater forms is very limited.''
Although blacks account for 12 percent of the total population, they make up 28 percent of the nation's poor.
The Knicks did not trade Shelton; he was awarded to the Sonics on Sept. 29, 1978, as compensation for the earlier signing of Webster as a veteran free agent.
The dialed number appeared as a digital readout on the phone console before the call was connected.
Folk art is also younger than ever.
The decision was made instead by Assistant Administrator Lee M. Thomas.
Many of the state offices at the center, such as the Division of Veterans Affairs or the Workers' Compensation Board, are consumer-oriented.
Professionally, I didn't have any firsthand advice.''
Moreover, the Moslems in general, and the Druse and Shiites in particular, are demanding that the Christians relinquish some of their political privileges and agree to share more political and economic power.
Although no violence has resulted and all planes and passengers returned unharmed to the United States, at a cost in each case of $25,000, Federal officials are concerned about the hijackings.
The Senate passed it overwhelmingly last year and did so again last spring.
The other is that ''visitors to the region who come here explicitly for cultural offerings not only support the industry directly by their attendance, but add an additional $1.3 billion to the economy annually in other expenditures during their stay.''
''We've had a hell of a time keeping track of all your sanctions,'' said Yakov S. Pessin, a Kama official involved with foreign contacts and contracts.
Today, according to Mr. Hill, it is the only gallery in the world with an in-depth stock of these art works.
Factoring involves the collecting of those accounts at a discount for a fee.
And my kids listen to Menudo, to rockand-roll, to all kinds of different things.
''This is favoritism toward one religion,'' one resident said last week.
She is survived by her son, Dodge, whom she was visiting at the time of her death.
It stresses an early start, not to cram facts into children prematurely, but to build on what they already know, such as numbers.
''I love ballet, but modern dance has come of age and we must have our own, pure voice.''
We think alike but approach things altogether differently.
The expected tax rate reductions in Bedminster and Basking Ridge never materialized because while A.T.& T. was building, the municipalities were fighting an expensive court suit challenging their zoning.
The complaints will be put in writring, Miss Kaufman said, and be submitted to the Department of Environmental Protection for legal or administrative action.
New choral risers (steps that the chorus stands on) were replaced only last year, after the old ones had put in eight or more years of service.
Reprimanding Was Suggested Dr. Moran said the individuals who fitted that description were Dr. Donald Nutter, associate dean for research, and Dr. Steven Heymsfield, associate director of the Clinical Research Facility, a small ward at Emory University Hospital.
(Helen & Kurt Wolff/Harcourt Brace Jovanovich, $15.95.)
Meanwhile, put vinegar, mustard, salt and pepper in a mixing bowl and beat with a wire whisk.
Letters for publication should include the writer's name, address and telephone number.
Two dozen leaders of other churches provided an ecumenical dimension to the mass.
The large portion is garnished with stewed onions and raisins, which adds a pleasant sweet edge.
Despite its 25 years, Modern Maturity only began to take ads in 1980.
I said, well, if that's the case all they needed was The New York Times and The Washington Post.
''The company made a substantial offer which did not meet the union's demands,'' Robert O. Harris, the mediator, told reporters at a news conference at the Diplomat Hotel, where the negotiations were held.
Vance D. Brand, a 51-year-old civilian who commanded the last shuttle mission in November, will head the 11th mission.
Dynascan gained 2 1/4, to 28 7/8, on its report that third-quarter net and sales would be up 125 percent over the period a year before.
* Nutri-System's offering of 700,000 common shares was priced at $36.25 a share, through L.F. Rothschild, Unterberg, Towbin.
Those who argue that the money must have gone to worthy causes that could not be divulged because of the danger of police reprisals acknowledge that they base their stance almost entirely on faith.
Representative John Hiler of Indiana charged that the changes had been made to appear to strengthen the position of the Democrat majority and ''degrade the comments of the minority.''
In this 1933 sequel, the first of three, the Provincial Lady chronicles her new life in London, where she continues to cope with familiar characters and meets new people of assorted ranks and abilities.
The Salem plant is operated by the Public Service Electric and Gas Company.
When Alston left in 1976, Tom Lasorda took over and won a pennant the following year, the year after and again in 1981.
Acknowledging such an interpretation of the gift, Lynn Cutler, the party vice-chairman and head of its women's unit, said: ''That is of little concern to me.
One option under study is to charge subscribers separately for some of the cable network channels now provided ''free'' with basic service.
Months of Debate Expected Mr. Hodel's appearance before the Senate Energy Committee marked the formal beginning of what is expected to be months of debate this year on the Administration's and other gas proposals.
Box 9887, Rochester, N.Y. 14623; 716-475-6400 (voice), 716-475-2181 (T.D.D.).
As they were, the results have created enough insecurity within his own party's ranks to allow him, if he chooses, to go ahead unchallenged with measures that friends suggest he has been considering for months.
*3*** COMPANY REPORTS ** View Full Article in Timesmachine »
So we sent him Chapter One of ''The Skeleton Key to Finnegans Wake.''
''We just kept pushing, telling them that we had to get through the waters because she didn't want to disappoint anybody.''
What could poison this transition is a political deal that leaves the armed forces unaccountable or even immune.
''We have 15 to 18 offensive players.
Accordingly, South removed West's remaining red cards by cashing the heart ace and the diamond king.
If the city is doing a good job, whether accidentally or by grand design, we feel at that moment that great cities and the sea are predestined partners.
Austria NEUSTIFT/STUBAI Fremdenverkehrsverband Neustift A-6167 Neustift, Stubai Tyrol, Austria THE SKIING There are Austrian towns with far wider winter skiing than this, but the Stubai Glacier is the largest year-round ski center in the country.
International The British Cabinet was reorganized by Prime Minister Margaret Thatcher at the start of her second term.
However, he added, the largest single group of taxpayers were those in the $30,000-to-$40,000 bracket, with 285,567 accounting for 11 percent of the state's returns.
The Soviets have already tested a satellite killer.
His ideas took in the whole of man's environment and experience and potentialities, and he believed with crotchety single-mindedness that ''there is absolutely nothing that cannot be done.''
Allen fumbled twice in the third period, and Chris Bahr missed three field goals for the Raiders.
''After the campaign for Reagan, I was on the fence, deciding what I wanted to do,'' he said, having briefly considered seeking the 1982 Republican nomination for Governor of New York.
Police officers responding to a radio call of a robbery in progress found the victim, Roberta Kaplan, in the shop at 135 West Third Street, near the Avenue of the Americas, at about 1 P.M. A passer-by told the police that he had seen a man in his 20's flee from the store, carrying an attache case.
The story is much the same in Virginia.
''Obviously, I'm not happy,'' said Brunner.
At Mr. Clark's insistence, the President is now talking in public about Communist-backed revolution in El Salvador and elsewhere, as well as the need for increased military spending and for firmness in arms negotiations with the Soviet Union.
They vote for 10 players, with 14 points awarded for first place, 9 for second, 8 for third and on down to 1 for 10th.
WERE you seriously thinking of having white wine for dinner tomorrow?
''My colleagues, however, feel that unless the general public is made aware of the cheating, it could be a long time before the situation is corrected.''
Her mother, Mary C. Burns, founded the Christoper Academy, a Montessori school in Westfield, N.J. Mr. Kingsbery is a supervisor in the municipal bond trading department of E. F. Hutton & Company in New York.
Under the McEnroe measure, the possession, manufacture or distribution of a fraudulent license would be considered a misdemeanor.
When Eric Clapton's most recent album, Money & Cigarettes, was released he was shown on the cover smoking a cigarette.
With the help of ground controllers and the wife of the pilot, who had had some flight training but couldn't get to the controls of the cramped cockpit, Mrs. Merrill flew the plane 100 miles to an Air Force base near Phoenix and made what one officer there described as a ''magnificent'' landing.
'Instructions From Moscow' Directly dealing with the K.G.B., it said, ''it is known that K.G.B.
Even for Mr. Mondale, straw polls are high-risk, low-gain exercises, since he gets little credit for winning and a barrage of damaging publicity if he loses.
The goal tied the game at 1-1, just 14 seconds after the Rangers had taken the lead.
It stands to reason that they must guard their products against possible overload damage from the sonic bursts of the laser disk.
A major step was taken at the beginning of this year, when the board eliminated domestic tariffs - the detailed and frequently changing body of rates and conditions that each airline set for the way it dealt with passengers.
Now, Fields is the teacher.
Such eagerness to get things into print takes its casualties.
The University of Washington has been publicly reprimanded for three rules violations in its 1980 unsuccessful recruiting of a basketball player, the National Collegiate Athletic Association announced today.
That law has been criticized by American civil libertarians and faces a constiutional challenge.
''I mean a rebounder, not just a jumper,'' said Robinson.
A Property Review Board set up by the President's executive order made the change in policy plain in a statement last August.
Well, it was made in 1840 and its ears move, just like yours and mine.
He rattled off a string of state and local elective offices and urged his listeners to seek them.
No debris from it seems to have reached the surface.
Mr. D'Amato said he thought there was a ''legitimate Federal role in utilizing a strike force under F.E.M.A.
Pitt (4-2) then scored three times in less than four minutes, capitalizing on two interceptions and a fumble recovery.
They can be attached to any surface so that the shelves fit snugly within the protruding jaws, obviating the need for separate fasteners.
USAir said that it had an increase of 25.6 percent, flying 650 million revenue passenger miles compared with March 1982.
''Buy 100,000 Bell Atlantic, 100,000 Nynex, 100,000 Pacific Tel.''
''It's the policeman who makes people cynical about the entire Government.
Some feed at night, others during bright daylight; still others, like the vector of La Crosse encephalitis, are most active in late afternoon.
Guidry's difficulties came early, as he threw 67 pitches through the first three innings.
The new agreements at Ford and General Motors seemed to signal a more cooperative relationship between management and labor.
For an introduction to Griffes's music, the original New World single disk, with its selection of songs plus the orchestral and chamber music, remains the first choice.
But I think we're losing a lot of the little battles.
Gold was mixed and silver slightly higher on the Commodity Exchange in New York.
There are no immediate survivors.
The stuffed meat dish is a splendid item for a special supper to be cooked and served out of doors.
Today they agreed, the American official said, to remain in close touch through Donald Rumsfeld, the special American envoy.
*3*** COMPANY REPORTS ** View Full Article in Timesmachine »
''We haven't spoken lately,'' Parcells said yesterday.
With two out, Brooks tripled to score Giles and Oquendo.
On the other hand, the signs are that people on both sides are worried about what the dissension is doing to the country.
Wall Street analysts noted at the time that while sales of propane have not risen much, profit margins are well above those in other sectors of the fuel business because of the loyalty of consumers.
North Carolina, 1,213,568, 71,358, and 6%.
As smoke billowed out from the research center, the two apartments in the building and the Libyan offices directly across the street, several dozen people trapped on the upper stories of both structures gathered by windows and balconies begging hysterically for someone to save them.
A $59.4 million Houston Housing Finance Corporation bond issue with yields ranging from 5.75 percent in 1984 to 10 percent in 2014 was sold out on the second day of the offering by Goldman, Sachs & Company.
In overruling the restrictions, the city would not be breaking an agreement, because it was not party to it.
As a careful lexicographer, she probably would not go along with the following radical speculation, but from a look at the printouts, I would suggest that a good, quick way of telling where a person is from is to listen to how he or she says the familiar form of ''mother'': mom or mommy is generally Northern; mum or mummy, Northeastern, and mamma, Southern.
Nicolette has an affinity for Palmer, who struggled to a 78, because he comes from Mount Pleasant in the western Pennsylvania neighborhood of Palmer's hometown, Latrobe.
''We see an increasing role in North America, and that will require more cooperation and integration with other banks,'' he said.
In the 1950's and 60's a number of musicians who later became well- known also played there.
Though Suffolk County schools as a whole would receive more aid this year under the proposals, 39 districts would lose money and 26 districts gain.
Seattle took an 18-4 lead, but Portland trimmed it to 28-23 after one quarter.
''The corps has permeated every aspect of society,'' said a civilian in San Salvador, ''and its participation in business and government has actually become an informal part of the army promotion system.'
The assistant state planning director, Bernard Johnson, who is directing Vermont's response to the statement, said, ''I don't think, as it stands, that we can accept this as a true picture that accurately reflects the impact of that development on that valley.''
He looked exhausted, emotionally drained, even old for the first time in his Presidency when he stepped from his helicopter and reached for an umbrella in the pouring rain on the South Lawn of the White House Sunday morning.
The remaining work on the program was a concert aria for tenor and orchestra, ''Misero!
''I would be cast in a completely different role each week,'' he says.
The company also filed for an offering of 500,000 cumulative preferred shares.
Paul Tully, a former State and Local Leadership Project adviser, views Citizen Action and other coalitions as a ''very serious operation,'' but warns that such politics work best when a ''fire-breathing dragon'' - as many in the movement view the Reagan Administration - offers a common threat.
They contend that the deficits force the Treasury to compete with consumers and industrial borrowers for funds.
''You don't waste a lot of energy running around.''
Whatever they gain will be lost to all other tollpayers of the Triborough Bridge and Tunnel Authority and to bus and subway riders, whom those tolls support.
Progress Partners, which is owned by Jacobo Finkielstain, an Argentine developer, will use the upper greenhouse as a reception area for its 30th-floor offices.
Mr. King, asked to confirm them, said his own numbers were different, but he agreed that the budget was not in balance.
Professor and Chairman Department of Pathology Albert Einstein College of Medicine Of Yeshiva University
The Raiders are 9-3 and have a two- game lead in the American Conference's Western Division.
He favors building the dam.
The Monitor's nationwide index of six-month certificates, based on a survey of 50 major institutions in the five largest American markets was 9.25 percent, up from 9.21 percent last week.
''For both races higher nonmarital fertility rates are associated with lower educational attainment and lower family income,'' Miss Rogers said.
Although such low rates might seem impossible today, for many years following World War II interest rates held at around 1 1/2 percent.
From our standpoint, the situation is not improving in Nicaragua.
Observe how powerfully this worked in the hands of the Hungarian grandmaster Zoltan Ribli in his encounter with the Czech grandmaster Vlastimil Hort in the second round of the 45th Hoogoven International Tournament in Wijk-aan-Zee, the Netherlands.
Instead, he and his family lived on about $1,700 he had taken out of the bank the afternoon before the incident as a downpayment on his dream of opening a welding business.
In a way, that is what has happened, at least symbolically.
In an unusual grass-roots movement, business groups against nuclear proliferation and excessive military spending are springing up around the country.
In awarding her an honorary doctorate of fine arts in June 1981, a little more than a year before she was to teach her last master class last October, the New School said: ''We in the United States are indeed fortunate that you chose to come to us and focus your unique talent and sensitivity on an extended exploration of the glamour, grandeur and contradictions of America and its people.
''It'll be a little trickier,'' he said of his use of his players.
LAST week, when Zoran, the Yugoslav fashion designer known for his m inimalist cashmere sweatshirt dresses, declined a nomination for oneo f this year's Coty Fashion Critics Awards, he created some m uchneeded commotion in a fashion world hypnotized by the sun.
The actor Burt Lancaster said today that he would enter Cedars-Sinai Medical Center in about two and a half weeks for heart by-pass surgery and that he expected to be back at work by mid-October.
Through Nov. 20, Honda had sold 41,146 United States-built Accords during 1983, while it imported 155,160 of all types of Accord models from Japan during the same period.
He does not claim to have a good memory of his athletic past, and anyway, there were few statistical details to remember from his professional career.
Since they don't suffer enough to be pitied and we cannot like or care about them, all we can do is invent a theory of fiction to justify them.
The meeting was largely financed by the Canadian Government.
The Legislature's six-member Democratic minority called on county officials to oppose the licensing of the plant - not just the evacuation plan -and sought a meeting with Governor Cuomo.
Did you know that, while it is not permissible to park in front of a fire hydrant, it is perfectly legal to park over a hydrant?
In June 1981, however, Aetna refused to pay on the loss, contending, among other things, that the former employee's acts were not dishonest within the meaning of the policy and that the loss arose from trading.
In the 5:34 Malone spent on the bench, Cureton grabbed 3 rebounds, scored 2 points - a skyhook over Abdul-Jabbar with 4:26 left that made it 91-85 - and stole the ball twice as the Lakers forced the ball inside to Abdul-Jabbar.
''There are no real problems.''
While Puritan's stock was seesawing, jeans stocks generally climbed this year, in anticipation of higher sales, with Levi Strauss & Company, Blue Bell Inc., the makers of Wrangler, and the V. F. Corporation, the makers of Lee, all registering gains.
'Compelling State Interest' The 31-page appellate decision, which Judge Feinberg wrote with the concurrence of Judge Ralph K. Winter Jr. and Judge J. Edward Lumbard, said the disclosure law as a whole ''plainly furthers a substantial, possibly even a compelling state interest.''
(The workshops cost $1.50; everything else is free with museum admission: $4 suggested; $2 for youngsters, oldsters and students, free for under-12's.)
''There's a lot of pressure in New York, and I didn't have much stamina the second half of last season.
You must immediately cease wearing a bear costume and being identified as Smokey Bear.''
And ''smart'' Chrysler stockholders - the ones who recognized Chrysler's impending bankruptcy and sold their stock before the bailout - weren't blessed at all.
Yes, the Redskins have signed the fullback John Riggins, who had been a free agent briefly following his Super Bowl heroics.
Continue preparing the cabbage leaves until there are four stuffed rolls.
Again, there was good reason.
Mr. Henning believes in magic, and he makes us true believers, too.
34, and then stepped back to accompany Mr. Goode in two Mozart piano concertos, No.
Mr. Lott's appeal was directed chiefly at Republicans, conservative Democrats and members of the Congressional Black Caucus, who acceded to a request by Mr. O'Neill that they not seek a separate floor vote on their budget proposal.
There's been no declaration of war against Nicaragua by the United States, yet we don't know what the U.S. Administration is really thinking.''
''No one asked me to become involved,'' Mr. Cohalan said.
But Mr. Jackson took his cue from revivalistic rallies conducted all around the country to the chant of ''Run, Jesse, run.''
In fact, about all that he and his librettist, Stephen Wadsworth, achieve in this sequel is to bring the new brand of sexually candid daytime television to the operatic stage.
Robert A. Hansen, pastor of the Bayview Presbyterian Church, found out about the proposal, he took exception.
In a meticulous report on hunger last week, Robert Pear of The Times quoted authorities from around the country.
He does not miss sucking in the exhaust fumes or having his ears ring from the roar of traffic.
Plenty of Reagan supporters, in and out of Government, saw the case as a mighty symbol.
Zandra Rhodes, one of Britain's best-known fashion designers, arrived at the party with her hair dyed pink and red, in the same shades as the pink and red designs on her white organza dress, which she designed.
As one little hand danced along the fingerboard of her violin, the bow arm pulled out the rich sounds of the first movement of the Paganini Concerto No.
When his Thanksgiving dinner ended, Thomas Henderson had no time to enjoy the warmth of a crackling fire or an after-dinner drink.
If I were to write about my own life, I'd just change it anyway.
Project Employ was created to see if we could penetrate the social myths and barriers that have excluded the mentally disabled from the mainstream.''
The museum will be host to a series of private previews for the next week, and will open to the general public on Oct. 15.
The United States Soccer Federation has lined up 16 stadiums as possibilities for its 12 sites, should it win the bid to hold the 1986 World Cup soccer tournament.
Water is carried to the site in 50-gallon milk cans.
More than 1,000 Cuban civilian advisers are believed to have left Nicaragua in recent weeks.
A better witness than that is hard to find.
The Syrian presence would remain as it is in the Bekaa Valley and northern Lebanon.
Once again, the sense of difference was underscored by a superpower, in this case the one receiving taxes from both parties.
Consider the following arguments: - Some Reagan aides view the recession as the primary cause of erosion in Mr. Reagan's support among women.
Indeed, I would have been slaughtered in my tracks, reduced to a quivering mass of tourist treacle, if the man had urged me to have a nice day.
'' Many of the summer-stock producers wanted to do ''84 Charing Cross Road,'' which played on Broadway for several months to tepid business, and when they heard that Shelley Winters was eager to do the play, an eight-week tour was born, beginning June 27 at Denver's Elitch Gardens.
The surface is entirely unsuited to Miss Shriver's serve-and-volley game.
''I only lasted a month or so.
Don't wear a checkered suit.
Mr. Heilbut criticizes Arendt's "Origins of Totalitarianism" for not making clear that "there is a big difference between attacking Stalin's form of totalitarianism and attacking Soviet Marxism."
That just means I know how to deliver.''
Last year, Kidde earned $17.7 million, or 83 cents a share, in the fourth period.
We have not declared a blockade of Nicaragua, which is an act of war, and therefore could do little more than bob around and watch the Soviet weapons go by.
European doctors had been prescribing it for that purpose, but, as is often the case, most physicians in the United States did not follow suit because this use of the drug had not won F.D.A.
Angel Cordero, the leading rider in New York, is also 40, but no other regular here is that old.
The assumptions that the National Commission on Social Security Reform chose for its calculations were the most pessimistic of four alternatives put before it.
Mr. Seibert will continue to serve on five boards, all at New York-based companies, and will remain active in several nonprofit activities.
Role on Social Issues In addition to the show's antiwar message, Mr. Alda and Mike Farrell, his co-star, have used the celebrity that ''M*A*S*H'' has given them to speak publicly in favor of a number of liberal social issues, including the proposed equal rights amendment.
I just figure in Hartford there are the fortunate and the unfortunate.
Each delicate ping of sound would decay into a pianissimo that would itself be manipulated by changing pressure on the strings.
Lee Tunnell pitched a five-hitter, allowing only one hit after the second inning, and Bill Madlock belted a two- run homer tonight as the Pittsburgh Pirates beat the Atlanta Braves, 2-0.
Mr. Warren, robust and barrel-chested at 78, said he had come to Oxford ''in the days when I followed the fellowships from one campus to the next - from Vanderbilt to Berkeley to Yale to England.''
Mr. Weinberger met here with Deng Xiaoping, China's paramount leader, Prime Minister Zhao and Defense Minister Zhang.
It is time for us all to leave these fairy tales behind and support today's reality: 1,300 stepfamilies with stepchildren under 18 are being formed every day.
''The man with the binoculars watched President Kennedy as he got off the Honey Fitz at Newport and walked down the long pier,'' the book says.
By contrast, operas such as ''Don Carlo,'' ''Simon Boccanegra'' or ''Stiffelio'' are tangled gardens into which only the bravest Verdi students dare to walk.
Place this skin on a flat surface and cut it into very thin slivers.
Los Angeles was second, with an average rate of 9.46 percent.
MARK L. LEVINE looked at his wristwatch one day, and suddenly two thoughts flashed through his mind.
Before it was done, Mr. Wenders had spent four and a half years on the project.
Barring a miracle, Perkins will leave Tuesday for Tuscaloosa, Ala., where he will replace the retiring Paul (Bear) Bryant as head coach at the University of Alabama, his alma mater.
We have to be clearer.
Lobster With Paprika Cream Sauce 2 1 1/2-pound lobsters 3 tablespoons unsalted butter 2 tablespoons minced shallots 1 1/2 teaspoons paprika 1 tablespoon tomato paste 4 tablespoons Cognac 1 cup dry white wine 1 1/2 teaspoons minced fresh tarragon or 1 tablespoon dried Tomato-cream reduction (see recipe) White pepper to taste.
Once all our five-year-olds are attending classes regularly, all of us can then discuss Mr. Ambach's more dramatic proposal at a much more leisurely pace.
The bureau is doing so under an agreement worked out between the House subcommittee and the Administration.
That means that there will be fewer big decisions to disagree over.
Happily, it is last week's ruling of an immigration judge, Irving Schwartz, and not the arguments of bungling I.N.S.
Prices are discussed on a one-to-one basis between the companies and the Saudi Government, according to the spokesmen.
Similarly, changes in the inflation adjustment provisions in Social Security and other benefit programs have cumulative effects - that is, the savings would be small at first, but later in the projection period they would grow rapidly.
The work's not steady, but I can refuse a job on a whim.
When he and his father are threatened by the hooligans who will eventually burn down their house, they fill the bathtub as a precaution against the flames.
Todd Caliguire, assistant counsel to Governor Kean, said that the Kean administration soon would propose an amendment similar to Mr. Lesniak's and a bill similar to Mr. Gormley's.
Up 6.6 Percent in 1981 Orders dropped 2.4 percent in 1975 and 3.5 percent in 1970 in previous recessions.
''This is really not the best time for roses.''
THERE was another set of downtown-uptown parties this week, one to benefit a hospital, the other to introduce people to the city's new design center across the Queensboro Bridge.
''It was the worst thing I ever encountered in four years here.''
Limits on Testing According to Mr. Thayer, new weapons are frequently put into full production if officials conclude that further testing would uncover no faults that could not be ''readily'' fixed.
In one of Joyce's novels, for example, the saga of Ulysses is transposed into 24 hours in the life of a working-class Dubliner.
''When we closed the door we saw that the smoke was beginning to come out,'' she said.
''I do this every Sunday,'' he said.
Here there is time to buy flowers and think about things like vegetarian restaurants and macrobiotic food.
The service is intended for viewers who are ''disenfranchised from the main thrust of mass culture,'' said James P. Jimirro, president of the Disney Channel, in his office overlooking the sunny San Fernando Valley.
''I think the really good cooks are not so much creators as good adapters,'' said Lydie Marshall.
Miss Venora wears Mia Farrow's dress from Woody Allen's movie, ''A Midsummer Night's Sex Comedy,'' and a sweater worn by Mr. Allen warms Mr. Chaikin's Uncle Vanya.
The women spent Tuesday morning at the Air and Space Museum, while most of the men went off in the van, joking about visiting a pornographic book store, an unknown commodity in the Soviet Union.
It may cost up to $20 billion just to develop China's offshore oil reserves.
He even maintains a couple of off-the-record friendships with journalists, as long as his quotes and thoughts never get printed.
''He's looking forward to meeting with George.
By that time, Libyan and rebel forces controlled the northern half of Chad.
''They are a different breed.
The school's tenets against homosexuality are protected by the First Amendment, so the school may deny privileges to a campus organization for homosexual students, the judge, Sylvia Bacon, said Friday.
Bill Gardner, New Hampshire Secretary of State, said his state's law, requiring that the primary be held a week before any other primary, would be set in motion by the Vermont law.
's perform - services that can greatly benefit an under-cared-for public.
Henry A. Kissinger is described as so eager to have a high Government post in 1968 that he offered confidential advice to both Democrats and Republicans in the Presidential campaign.
Round-the-clock service was considered ideal but many women, mindful of early business appointments or planes to catch, felt that room service that began at 7 A.M. was inadequate.
Admission to the tour is $5.
After a final determination is made, the domestic industry has the option to appeal the finding to the United States Court of International Trade, which sits in New York and acts as an appeals court in trade matters.
When they left San Francisco, friends put a ''Just Married'' sign on Mrs. Pappas's bike.
In addition to giving out soup in the new era of hard times, Paris has opened dormitory for homeless men, and two more will follow it soon.
Previous press reports said that, in settling the I.B.M.
The 39-year-old Staub thus became only the second major league player to collect eight straight pinchhits in one season, tying the record set by Philadelphia's Dave Philley in 1958.
Translations of German scholarly and critical work have also increased suddenly.
''That doesn't mean we can't do something,'' he said.
Diplomats found that the Tass response reflected both Soviet anger and indecision over what to do.
Let's begin at Wykeham Rise, a small school for girls in Washington, Conn. For three years now, the school has sponsored a concert series, but this year there's a difference: the focus is on women.
Walter Berry, the basketball player who is fighting the National Collegiate Athletic Association for eligibility to play at St. John's this season, will not make his final decision on whether to enroll there for this year until later this week, according to Coach Lou Carnesecca.
The New York City Department of Health cited 36 food establishments last week for violations of the health code.
About 40 Southern congregations declined to join in, but church leaders said the loss was acceptable.
Soviet Strength Assessed The Military Balance, a publication issued by the International Institute for Strategic Studies in London, reports that the Soviet Air Defense Force includes 10,000 surface-to-air missile launchers on 1,400 fixed sites, 13,000 launcher rails, 7,000 warning systems with ground-control intercepting radar sets, satellites and electronic warfare systems, 2,250 interceptor aircraft and 9,000 pieces of antiaircraft artillery.
Consumer confidence rose in March, showing the biggest monthly gain in nine years, the Conference Board reported.
And many of those who are enthusiastic about the latest findings are leaders of the cancer establishment who are always under pressure to justify large expenditures on cancer research.
I could manage this kind of situation.''
Houston, and to some degree other Sun Belt cities, has grown at a rate faster than either the government or the populace can cope with.
A 24-year-old bookkeeper who the police say became enraged when his proposal of a date was rejected was charged yesterday with having murdered a young woman in her family's Great Neck, L.I., home last Saturday with repeated blows with a shillelagh.
After mushrooms have soaked, drain and dry, reserving 1 cup of liquid.
Further, the union contends that the work rules posted by management on Wednesday would cut more that 150 persons from the 622-member work rolls, not 70 as claimed by management.
In today's third round he slipped back to a 71 and stood at 207, nine under par.
There is no known list of fireplaces or mantels for hanging stockings, but hardly a Santa-sized chimney is in sight.
Share earnings reflect a 100 percent stock distribution in March.
DAVISON, Kenneth, Fargo, N.D., United States Air Force Academy.
Or, if not receiving anything, the system goes off the air.
A magistrate refused yesterday to reduce the cash bail of $1 million for a man authorities said admitted leading the Omega 7 anti-Castro group.
That is because we constantly monitor our people.''
Acting as theatrical caricaturist, Fo reaches his hilarious high in ''About Face'' when a mob of secret agents bug an apartment by hiding inside the furniture.
And in the Rockefeller tradition of not leaning on the servants, he knew how to sew and darn his own socks.
All our objectives were accomplished.''
If his new petition drive is successful, voters will be asked next year to close what he describes as loopholes in Proposition 13.
In the last two years the movement has spread across the country, largely in response to the growing public concern about the quality of American schools and a conviction, articulated in a series of reports by national commissions, that public schools need the help of universities, businesses and other outside institutions if they are to turn out the workers required to keep the country economically competitive with nations such as Japan.
The state parties want to hold them a week earlier than party rules allow.
With each successive run, however, our confidence and ability to stay upright increased.
But he also had extra weight, about 15 pounds extra.
Here, he says, the population avalanche makes them marginal.
New York was not alone in snowbound hardships.
The loss was as convincing as that one turnaround play.
The public diplomacy program was first announced by President Reagan in his address to the British Parliament last June and was started last month by a classified executive order signed by Mr. Reagan.
''Thus it is necessary always to remind the Governments of Eastern Europe of the commitments that they have undertaken,'' the Cardinal said.
Both the Green Party and the leaders of the antinuclear movement, which will be in the forefront of this autumn's demonstrations, have insisted that the protests should be peaceful and have called for passive resistance and civil disobedience.
And one way for the situation to start improving would be for the composers to start demanding that the producers make such time.
Even if I got behind, I threw strikes and made them hit the ball.
But just when it seemed they had done themselves in, they struck again.
But in the credit markets, traders drew a different conclusion - that the price cuts bode well for a further decline in inflation -and short- and long-term interest rates declined.
He retired in 1956 after more than 25 years of service.
The Travelers Insurance Company, Ticket and Travel Plans, 1 Tower Square, Hartford, Conn. 06118 (203-277-2318; 800-243-3174 outside Connecticut).
The general's replacement is Lieut.
It is described as a ''neo-Brechtian, semistructuralist, evangelical'' theater piece: a spoof on clowning and an investigation into the meaning of comedy.
The recession has put our societies through a severe test, but they have proved resilient.
How could a company off to such an auspicious start end up in such a mess?
The State Department of Social Services can, by administrative action, adopt the ''minimum standard unit rent'' approach developed by the Urban Institute to set allowances for public-assistance families.
from Uscinceur were for use only by the embassy security element.
Owners, the skeptics said, may now simply refuse to give brokers a written contract to lease space, thereby avoiding the possibility of a lien.
''NPR must focus on what we can do best, and most efficiently, and better than anyone else, and NPR is best at news and public information,'' said Mr. Mullally.
"My experience," the judge shouted, "is that Legal Aid lawyers are quick with the lip and not with the facts."
The Ram players passed around a petition calling for Garvey's resignation, and Carl Ekern, the linebacker and player representative, said about 45 players had signed it.
Both the explorer and the Cardinal left a legacy of ''memories for ages to come,'' Mayor Koch said.
The department also said permits for future construction fell 9 percent in September, to a seasonally adjusted annual rate of 1,504,000, compared with a revised 1,652,000 in August and 1,782,000 in July.
The Van Gaasbeek house was the only one of about 300 buildings to survive.
''If a button battery is swallowed, contact your poison control center, your physician, or your National Button Battery Ingestion Hotline at 202-625-3333,'' the statement said.
The President will also be mingling with newspaper, radio and television editors and reporters, first on Thursday at the annual Radio and Television Correspondents Dinner, then on Saturday at the annual white-tie dinner and satirical skit by the Gridiron Club.
Even if proved effective, a Warner Lambert spokesman said, the drug could not be brought to market for at least two or three years.
A photo caption in Metropolitan Report yesterday incorrectly identified a witness who testified before the Governor's Commission on Shoreham.
Digitally recorded performances on LP - most of the classical companies have been recording digitally for several years, now - have sometimes seemed hard and brittle - ''recording by numbers,'' as digital's detractors describe it.
Buses will run from Bronxville and Scarsdale to Bedford Park for the IRT No.
Rabbi Michael Luckins performed the ceremony at the Westchester Inn.
The early stops in his professional career, the ones at Walla Walla, Alexandria and Amarillo, were made mostly without her.
''The only realistic way to reduce deficits is to increase revenue,'' Senator John Chafee of Rhode Island said after a meeting last week of a nine-Senator Republican budget group that is supposed to forge a party consensus.
The stock closed yesterday at 38 1/2, up 1/2, on the New York Stock Exchange.
Signs of Opposite Effect In private, a number of law enforcement officials have said they do not need the new law in order to control rioters.
His rooms sparkled with freshness and a sense of ease, qualities rooted in his love of Matisse, his Southern past and his talent for eliminating whatever he deemed superfluous.
The union group has rejected the pact that enabled N.J.
This time the justices spelled out their intentions and how to implement them in such detail that, supposedly, there was no way balanced housing could fail.
Dr. Wangyal, who was born in a Mongolian-speaking region of Russia, came to the United States from Tibet in 1955, taking over the spiritual leadership of the Kalmuk Buddhist Temple and community near Freehold, N.J.
The report also criticized the present deputy executive director of the agency, Victor J. Stello, for his performance when he was in charge of plant inspections.
But many moving companies now sell protection for the full replacement value of goods.
Some of these have been used to supply the rebels led by the former President of Chad, Goukouni Oueddei.
There should be about one cup.
Back pay and damages for thousands of women could run into millions of dollars.
As for his new airline's chances, he said that People Express, with its five flights a week for $149 each way, would not pose much of a competitive threat in the low end of the market.
In Suffolk, where Dr. Baden has held his $60,814-a-year position since last July, he was quoted last winter in a magazine article that the County Executive characterized as ''advice on how to kill people.''
But the cost of the lease also exceeded the amount approved by Congress.
If I knew for sure that they were going to terminate me soon, I'd move to an area where I could start over.
In replying to Mr. Bethune, he said such a strategy ''may lead nowhere in getting things done.''
Mr. Perez was charged with second-degree murder in the death of the boy, Edgar Gonzales of 360 60th Street, the police said.
Why, as one reads through this tale of accumulating disaster - of parental disappointment, marital discord and death - is one not depressed?
In New York City, however, the jobless rate jumped to 10.6 percent.
''It appears to me that the government is now stalemated,'' he said.
Uncover and let cook about 10 minutes longer.
Mary Ellen and Patty Mileski -twin sisters - combined with Beth Pringle and Margaret Scutro for the girls' team.
That speech pricked the conscience of a nation that, within one year, moved to eliminate the infamous system of segregation by law that for a century had been a blot on our democracy.
For city gardeners Halsted Welles, a landscape designer, will lecture at 2 P.M. Saturday on planning roof gardens and backyards.
Negotiations on a new contract for about 30,000 state workers intensified today as a top state official predicted ''a fair chance'' of settlement before the old contract expired midnight Thursday.
On Sept. 9, after the close of Big Board trading, Merrill Lynch said preliminary earnings estimates for the first two months of its 1983 third quarter were substantially lower.
Mrs. Larr said she was concerned about whether ''at this point people really know what would be a fair way to rate wings.''
The president of Boston Garden, Paul Mooney, offered a one-year lease extension to the Celtics yesterday.
He now lives in Washington and this is his first novel to appear in English, in a vigorous translation by Michael Henry Heim.
Nestle-LeMur slipped 2 1/2, to 8 5/8, on the news that Kleer-Vu Industries had agreed to acquire 52 percent of Nestle-LeMur stock for about $6.2 million and would purchase the remainder later.
''I had this dullness in front of my head, the worst headache I ever had,'' he recalled.
Others spend it as lavishly as rock stars.
Zoran Ladicorbic, whose headquarters are in Greenwich Village, and Norma Kamali, who works in the fashionable 50's, approach fashion from different directions, but each has come to stand for the avant-garde in style.
The plaintiff, Kevin Alleyne, 21 years old, was awarded $950,000 in State Supreme Court in Manhattan following trial of a suit involving Con Edison and two subcontractors.
The widower must then find a way to care for his only child, a daughter with an intriguing name.
Today was the first time the Administration had publicly made such a pledge.
The Republicans had a problem in finding a candidate to challenge the county's top official, Lucille P. Pattison, a 47-year-old Democrat who hopes to be the first Dutchess County Executive to be elected to a second term.
Meanwhile, the question of who or what is responsible for the troubles at the E.P.A.
People can vote out the legislators if they make a bad decision.''
They tell us there are no orders for steel, so what are they going to do with the British steel?
Such ambiguity is commonplace, but Mr. Amenoff is noteworthy for the power and compulsiveness he brings to it.
GENERAL ASSEMBLY Meets at 3 P.M. to open 38th session.
The magazine, which will come out every two months, will be aimed at 10- to 16-year-olds, with a cover price of $2.95 and a printing of 150,000 copies.
Options contracts on those indexes are already traded at the Amex.
staff has indicated that it would probably not have been placed there under current siting practice.
A coalition of New York City and suburban residents offset upstate resistance and passed his billion-dollar bond issue to rebuild highways and bridges by a surprisingly cushy margin of 6 percent.
But take heed, for despite a recent willingness of the Government to join foreign companies in trying to control counterfeiting, many famous trademarks you'll see are fakes.
- Eliminating the tax-indexing plan scheduled to start Jan. 1, 1985.
The engagement of Kathryn Mary Bricker to Second Lieut.
After the close yesterday, dealers quoted ''free'' cash platinum at $439.50 an ounce.
Robbery in Storefront Neighbors said the building is owned by an uncle of Mrs. Hernandez.
Additionally, I have placed a ceiling on agencypersonnel expenditures that will require the termination of another 7,000 workers.
''We come for the enjoyment,'' Mr. Gonyea said.
That disconcerted even President Omar Bongo, who had flown in from Gabon on a personalized DC-8.
This team doesn't have one individual who stands head and shoulders above the others.
As the bent, distinguished old scientist rose slowly, a movement started among the graduates of the College of Arts.
Men in Black Hoods Killed 16 In two separate attacks that day, men wearing black hoods opened fire from speeding cars on groups of Tripoli motorists and pedestrians, killing 16 and wounding 20.
Though he can deliver lengthy discourses on the manuscript's ''sources, philology, intellectual or linguistic origins,'' he has little interest in its actual contents - after all, he is a fervent nonbeliever, and a lusty philanderer as well.
I want people who think in unusual ways, whose curiosity runs away with them, fun-loving renegades.''
Two leaders of the Democratic Conservative Party, Enrique Sotelo Borgen and Carlos Sanchez, were released from jail this week after being held for 9 and 11 days respectively.
and After'' - the longest section, including the sing-along - ''The Family'' and ''A Few of the Crown Jewels'' are the other ''themes.''
A bit farther along is the scultpured white tower of the Hindu Temple Society of North America, 45-57 Bowne Street (461-9757), built in the Dravidian style of the India of 2,000 years ago.
Some of it is regular and ongoing, having to do with mental illness, alcoholism and drug abuse.
The rather wordy title is one he insisted on so that all the potentially hot media, including videotex and cable TV, could be tucked under his wing.
Mr. Rostow, in a resignation letter released by the arms control agency, said: ''For reasons which Secretary Shultz has so kindly discussed with me, I submit herewith my resignation as director of the Arms Control and Disarmament Agency, effective at once.
''But it's also for philosophical reasons.
Twenty percent receive Medicaid reimbursement.
Yet no one thinks that this or anything else amounts to a cure-all.
Enrico Caruso remains a household name.
But she said: ''It's a personal opportunity for me to pull it all together, and I think the pieces are all there.
At the age of 49, Miss Houston - who for 26 years has been the minister of music at the New Hope Baptist Church in Newark, where she was born - is an established popular singer.
In 1977- 78, one was performed, and in 1978-79, 11.
For Jerome Robbins, ''the golden era'' of the City Ballet was at the City Center.
The poverty index, for any one year or even over a longer period, gives an incomplete picture of how the poorest Americans are faring.
Three-quarters of the income of the actress's estate goes to children's charities.
They are promoting computeraided design, computer-aided planning and computer-aided manufacturing to arrive at computer-integrated production.
The draft's No.1 choice, John Elway of Stanford, recently signed a 5-year package with Denver worth $5 million.
The housing market's better and we're active making loans on cooperative apartments and to businesses in the area.
Russian history, he said, ''provides no basis for expecting dramatic change.
But for the present, he said, the posted schedule stands.
The missile, which can carry nuclear warheads or high explosives, has never been deployed outside the Warsaw Pact nations.
Glenn Takes a Harder Line Although some of his answers provoked scattered boos and hisses from the audience, Mr. Glenn, a former astronaut and Marine Corps fighter pilot, took a harder line toward the Soviet Union than the others, defended his support of nerve gas production and, while proposing reductions in Mr. Reagan's military budgets, called for greater military spending than any of his three rivals.
Mr. Davis's appointment formalizes his control at G.& W., where he has put the company through major changes since taking over after Mr. Bluhdorn died.
Other terms include ''framing,'' the bumping or squeezing of a victim by two stalls while the cannon lifts the wallet; ''fanning,'' the discreet feeling to locate a victim's wallet; ''hanger,'' a wallet protruding visibly from a pocket or purse; ''hide,'' a wallet; ''dip, hook, mechanic and tool,'' all meaning pickpocket, and ''jostling squad,'' pickpocket detectives.
He also remembered watching a flight demonstration by Wilbur Wright and taking his first plane ride at the age of 14.
Russell Bletzer performed the ceremony at the North Unitarian-Universalist Church.
The American Friends of the Council for a Beautiful Israel will honor Aura Herzog, the wife of President Chaim Herzog of Israel, at a reception this evening at Tavern on the Green.
Students from families with low incomes will able to recoup much or all of the increase through the state's tuition assistance program.
But someone beat us to him.''
On first reading the book, I wondered if we shouldn't have been treated to Mr. Boyce's viewpoint interspersed throughout, but when I read the book a second time, it became apparent that Mr. Lindsey had made the right choice.
Finale of the four-game series.
The law makes Mr. Regan responsible for protecting the interests of holders of $85 million in Yonkers municipal bonds.
The Conservative, Julian Amery, said British aid, expected to total $25 million this year, should be withheld until the men, redetained Wednesday, were freed and compensated.
The initial box office response to ''The Outsiders'' seems to indicate that the film is going to override a generally bad press to become a genuine hit.
The department checked white bread, eggs, cottage cheese, yogurt, hamburger rolls and sour cream.
The bride until recently was a senior sales representative in Rochester for American Dietary Products, a division of the American Hospital Supply Corporation.
In contrast, most schools typically use the limited number of computers they have for such traditional activities as drill-andpractice fact-learning sessions.
Chop the mixture with a knife for about 1 minute.
The subway system, saddled with derailments and delays, is suffering through one of its worst summers.
''The material is particularly relevant, considering the present architectural climate,'' Mr. Hupert said.
One purpose is to educate the poor, said Morris Joseph, a neighborhood resident and organizer of the protest.
Emma Hill at Wertheim says the number of people willing to become sales representatives is not growing and ''direct sellers are more competitive for bodies.
Finally, the 1982 Tax Equity and Fiscal Responsibility Act (Tefra), the full effects of which are only now being felt, has already reduced by perhaps 45 percent the use of industrial revenue bonds.
Sponsors pay $150 each, and patron tickets are $500 for two.
In the stock market, such a drop would be termed merely a correction in the midst of an ongoing bull market.
But we have to take care of the problems we have now and focus on the use of recreational drugs.
(One patient likened it to coitus interruptus.)''
Hacha Inti, which means Sun God in the Incan language, is a tiny shop at 103 Sullivan Street (between Spring and Prince Streets).
Of course, many companies would not find R.P.M.
It was serious stuff, and Mr. Moyers appeared deeply involved.
Bobby Grich added a two-run homer in the eighth, and Daryl Sconiers belted a two-run shot in the ninth.
We kept the list short so that more work by each artist could be included.''
''Over there, on the floor,'' she said gently, identifying herself simply as Margaret.
Carter singled in a ninth-inning run.
BankAmerica, joining Citibank, Security Pacific and First Interstate, has applied for a charter in South Dakota to buy a bank and begin insurance operations.
There's a distinct possibility that they could drop, perhaps sharply, unless the members of the Organization of Petroleum Exporting Countries reach a production quota agreement that limits output and world economic activity picks up.
Officially, it consisted of five pieces: ''Prologue: Annexialics,'' ''Lucy Alliteration,'' ''Scream at Me Tomorrow,'' ''Flextime'' and ''Dance Motor.''
Named in Both Indictments Charged in March and named in the recent indictment, he said, were Louis Chait, 47, of Margate; Stephen G. Mattis, 30, of Somers Point; John Taimanglo, 30, of Atlantic City, and Gary Weller, 28, of Somers Point.
The helpers tend to have inculcated in them a sense of personal responsibility.
He said Mr. Shelley had worked as a technical assistant at the library for 19 years before being dismissed on Feb. 3.
1 position outside the Greater Boston Cooperative Bank in Brighton.
The prosecution did not attempt to link the supposed politicization of the cleanup fund to the White House, though witnesses before a Congressional investigating committee had done so.
In California, the Legislature enacted a law last year that established the framework for an agency to regulate building materials based on smoke toxicity, but the plan died in April when the state fire marshal reported that existing laboratory tests did not adequately predict how materials burned in real fires.
''Once, when he heard that we had lost our three top tailbacks to injuries, he sent over some material for a one-back offense with four receivers that we used until our runners were healthy.''
The commission staff has been working on the rules since 1977.
Mr. Pickens, likewise, has substantial funding, but apparently the waters were a little too hot for the Mellon Bank of Pittsburgh - Gulf's home town - and three other banks, which withdrew their lines of credit to Mr. Pickens.
''Most of us could have afforded to rent other places but we made commitments that locked us into this deal.''
But, the sources added, the offers made for the pitcher and the infielder would assure their remaining with the Yankees.
Phil Gailey Warren Weaver Jr.
During his six seasons as the Jet coach, Walt Michaels was a standup guy.
All three analysts recounted the pickup in the industry.
''Bilingual'' programs are worthy of Federal subsidy only so long as achievement in English is their true aim.
Officials said that several young women friends of Mr. Goldwater had assisted in the inquiry and that one of them had since gone into the Federal Witness Protection Program.
A fifth convicted defendant, Allen Dorfman, a millionaire insurance executive and former teamsters' pension fund consultant, was killed last month.
His father was a fighter pilot.
said that it was also matching those fares.
The case before the court involved a challenge to the power of the Division of Coastal Resources, part of the State Department of Environmental Protection, to require development of low-income housing.
Representative Don J. Pease, Democrat of Ohio, who sponsored the 30-day extension, said, ''Passage of this bill is vital if we are to avoid the disruption of this program and avoid the delay of unemployment benefits.''
''After that it was 2,000 words a day.
Stridently Obvious in Vancouver Nowhere perhaps is the contentiousness more evident than in Vancouver, where militant feminists this year bombed video shops selling pornographic tapes and where prostitution is stridently obvious, with women, men and transvestites openly offering sex for sale, not only in front of downtown hotels but also on street corners in central residential neighborhoods.
At Laura Biagiotti, mannequins raced down the runway in short knitted cashmere dresses with comfortably deep armholes and ribbed scarfs around the neck.
''The whole issue of governance is going to be something we'll have to deal with in the next two years,'' one Reagan aide observed, speaking philosophically for a moment.
Some have been folded back on themselves so that the upright form can be experienced as two vertical figures with the same head.
But some in New Haven charge that Yale does not do enough for the impoverished city and lay much of the blame on Mr. Giamatti, as they had with past Yale presidents.
There are two words involved, put together as milagutannir , meaning pepper and water.
The question of jobs or health is raised in another way when companies say actions to improve health conditions would cause layoffs or close plants.
The agreement was renewed last month under less favorable terms.
Simpler soil tests for pH and soil nutrients (not heavy metals) can be made with commercial soil test kits sold at garden centers.
The apparent radius of that circle is 40 degrees on the inside and 42 degrees on the outside.
The party today sought to put the best possible interpretation on the elections, with Jean Francois Bertrand, its leader in the provincial Assembly, saying that the results were in fact a ''moral victory'' since the party's showing in both constituencies was better than in earlier public opinion surveys.
Mr. Baskett telephoned Mr. Mellon after his 40 art works sold for $12,140,700, more than $3 million above the house's most optimistic expectations.
That way you can easily find out which VCR comes closest to the original - and that's the ultimate test.
The Each One Teach One program in Manhattan also uses sports for lessons.
I picture future parents tossing and turning with worry about how their children are going to come out.
said, Moscow's ''prospects for the future are considerably better than we once thought.''
''I've spent many afternoons here and done nothing until sunset.''
Kuhn said the additional $50,000 was ''to reimburse this office for legal fees incurred in connection with the litigation brought by you and the Yankees to enjoin me from conducting'' the hearing.
The revolving doors have been turning almost constantly ever since.
A rich good earth; water that ties us together, replenishes us, feeds our capacity to grow; an education system matched by few other states, indeed even nations, anywhere in the world; an irreplaceable weave of roads and rails; the world's largest banks and financial institutions, communications systems and markets.
The Commerce Department has banned its shipment to nations of the Eastern bloc to keep them from acquiring high technology equipment that could be used for military purposes.
''The worst thing you can do to a small space is clutter it up.''
Certain energy expenditures, for example, may benefit owners of some units more than others.
's move followed a decision by the Budd Company to end its six-month effort to penalize the M.T.A.
Earlier in the evening, the House rejected, 264 to 142, a Republican version of the bill that would have postponed the monthly fee until 1985 rather than kill it entirely.
The pound eased to $1.5608, from $1.5813.
Mr. Steane is a retired tobacco farmer.
The election was regarded as a test of the central Government's ability, through Mrs. Gandhi's Congress Party, to strengthen its hand in the Kashmir Valley at a time when regional political movements are cutting into its strength and challenging its control in many parts of the country.
Well, yes, that is the way he has spoken about reviving ''The Sleeping Beauty.''
When she was asked by a reporter why had refused to give her name and why she had decided to violate the law, she said: ''Not giving my name is another way I have to show my civil disobedience.
Cavatelli or potato gnocchi are served in a pleasantly light meatand-tomato bolognese sauce.
It was chosen by the state from among several concerns that had sought the contracts.
Slam Dunk Ross enrolled in Chicago's West Side Preparatory School and squeezed his 6-foot-9 frame into an eighth grade desk.
Chief Hart said that an analysis was being conducted to pinpoint areas that would least be affected by a manning cut and that the results would be ready before June.
THE Big East, now among the most prosperous of college basketball leagues, is shifting - a bit uneasily to accommodate an influx of new players in important roles, but comfortably to a new television package, the most lucrative in collegiate sports.
''Every scholar in the United States seems to be writing about him,'' said Alfred Rice, Hemingway's longtime lawyer who is also the lawyer for Mary Hemingway.
The team was announced yesterday in Washington, where it will play its home games at RFK Stadium.
This would probably have succeeded, for South would have placed West with the diamond king and finessed in that suit.
According to Len Karlin, editor and publisher, the total universe of juniors and seniors, nationally, is 7.5 million.
The traditional role of religious institutions is to employ moral suasion to increase the number of individuals who will accept that moral responsibility.
Mr. Lvov made his best impression with programmatic trifles - Miaskovsky's ''The Little Bird'' and ''A Joke'' - representing as he does an older generation of pianists who can invest such things with real charm.
Eagle Computer closed at its high of $17.25 bid, $17.50 asked and was the most active stock over-the-counter, with a turnover of 1,850,700 shares.
Recently, a 364-room Hyatt Regency Hotel opened on the site at Alexander Road and Route 1.
The gunman was overpowered before he could dispatch the Polish tenor, but the evening's Juliet, Nellie Melba, became hysterical and ran around backstage screaming that her voice was gone.
Looser regulation is unlikely to have much effect on either the health of the entertainment industry or the quality of programs.
Ella Krucoff, a spokesman for the European Economic Community, said European officials are ''very concerned'' about the preliminary I.T.C.
Ballesteros is not a tour regular, playing in fewer than a dozen tournaments in the United States each year.
You have to describe everything, which is what the camera does.
The other champions have been San Francisco, Denver and, the only East Coast winner, a Florida team.
In Connecticut, the occasion is being marked by an exhibition, at the Connecticut Historical Society in Hartford, of 58 drawings and photographs of buildings in the state.
Loews The Loews Corporation, benefiting from the results of its CNA Financial Corporation subsidiary, announced that its net income in the third quarter rose 29.8 percent, to $59.7 million, or $5.41 a share, from $46 million, or $3.88 a share, in the corresponding quarter a year earlier.
In a move that may keep a new United States Football League franchise out of San Antonio entirely, the City Council voted in a closed-door meeting Tuesday not to amend a restriction adopted in 1939 that prohibits professional sports at Alamo Stadium.
Judge Haden will review motions from the defense before sentencing Mr. Carter, who now faces trial on the weapons charges.
The Suns led by 64-56 at halftime.
South was in some difficulties after winning with the club queen.
Dr. Ralph A. Bohlmann, president of the Missouri Synod, thinks the Pope's actions help clear away the fiery polemics that arose in the birth of the Reformation and carried into this century.
Judge Jerome Moore will sentence Mr. Probst in July.
The Shubert Theater closed in 1975, and the Taft Hotel, where Miss Hansberry wrote her letter, fell dark, too, before being revived as condominiums.
Fortunately, he didn't have that kind of money to throw around.
When the ambassador reached the Franklin D. Roosevelt Drive, the men intended to trigger the bomb, the F.B.I.
We haven't had any irate callers and we haven't heard from anyone in the faculty or administration.''
The earliest European settlements didn't begin to encroach upon the 13 Algonquin tribes in residence until 1632, however, and it wasn't until 1664 that claims to the area by the Dutch ceased.
There may have, I know that you were all citing these unnamed White House sources that thought that she would resign, and I will admit there must be people - I still would like to find them out and identify them - there must've been people, or they have, they're probably the same people that said that about everyone else who was attacked in some way in our Administration, all of whom have been cleared completely.
The school is orderly but lived- in, and friendliness abounds.
The Legislature's resolution said there was no way to evacuate Suffolk County residents safely.
Although the dollar was almost unchanged against major currencies, analysts said interest rate increases in United States Government securities threatened to attract more investors to dollar-denominated securities.
More than 30 years later, the two are expected to be reunited with the Hartford Whalers, for whom Francis was recently named president and general manager.
Director William Colby recently praised ''The Threat'' as ''a major contribution to net assessment.''
It said the Government should establish a voluntary program permitting people to take their Medicare benefits in the form of vouchers, which could then be used to buy private health insurance.
But now, after nearly a decade of persistence by community residents and housing activists, the project -reduced to 150 new and renovated apartments - is nearing completion.
In either case, their presence is apt to exacerbate both a difficult task, and the children's insecurities.
''Now we're funded through foundations, churches and private donations,'' says Miss Bode, ''but in two to three years, we plan to be self-sufficient, not dependent on grants.
Paying off those bonds by next year, or about six years ahead of schedule in some cases, is ''a matter of prestige,'' the Mayor said.
Before this, it had always insisted it was objective, no bias and no frills.
Of that, $1 went for four lessons a month.
The first hard snow usually comes to Yellowstone in October, and by Thanksgiving most of the mountain passes and the roads into the interior have been surrendered to winter.
Mr. Speakes added that the presence of the Marines in Lebanon was ''an essential ingredient'' of the Administration efforts to encourage all foreign forces to withdraw from Lebanon.
The display may also be seen from 9 A.M. to 6 P.M. on Friday for an admission charge of $5.
PORTLAND (NBA) - Placed Peter V erhoeven, forward, on the injured list.
Martin was led by Lorraine Ellison, who scored 11 points, and Fabrina Rivers, who had 10.
The 11-year-old questioner was Yermolai Solzhenitsyn, son of Aleksandr I. Solzhenitsyn, the Nobel Prize-winning Russian author who was exiled after he became an opponent of what he regarded as the terror-based Soviet system.
''The market needs a blockbuster announcement, such as a discount rate cut, before it breaks through 1,100 for any length of time,'' commented Larry Wachtel, an analyst with Prudential-Bache Securities Inc.
A passenger on my flight had a somewhat different idea as we landed in Toronto, however.
Dukes' president McKernan estimates that in 1982 it cost him $700,000 and the Dodgers $300,000 to operate the team.
Fifty years ago, William Fisher stopped at a Harlem speak-easy and dance hall for ''a drink and a dance'' and wound up being convicted of shooting a man to death.
They count on the fact that the greatest beneficiaries are affluent California farmers who wield substantial influence in the Republican Party.
Picked Up in Arcades On Wednesday, the first day of the Truancy Task Forces' Time Square effort police with an enlarged staff of guidance counselors, college student interns, and attendance teachers picked up 35 pupils, four of whom were runaways.
Mr. Pearse has been a general manager and a director of Barclays Bank U.K. and responsible for retail banking in Britain.
''But you learned how to play.
Miss Biret set the tone for the evening right away - in a performance of Mendelssohn's ''Variations serieuses'' that leaned heavily on the music's virtuoso requirements and on its opportunities for dramatic display.
The growth continued, according to Kilt Andrew, the spokesman here for Bean.
The Nets earned the victory by executing with the unselfish enthusiasm that highlighted their 11-game winning streak and by reestablishing their tenacious defense.
''We recognized the enormity of the problem a long time ago,'' said Mr. Weiss, whose law firm, Milberg Weiss Bershad Specthrie & Lerach, has joined with others to bring a bondholders' class action against the supply system.
LaRosa had been granted an injunction to stop the fight on the ground he had not given it his approval.
Particularly in suburban towns, groups formed by newcomers have been helping out in ways never envisioned in the past when they were strictly social groups for homemakers.
would move so quickly to bring a new disk drive to the market, since an announcement that soon would discourage potential customers from buying its 3380 or agreeing to long-term leases, both of which the company is encouraging.
He was assumed to be refering to the United States, where deficits are projected at around $200 billion annually for the next five years, assuming there is no change in current policy.
Mr. Cullman praised his unremitting efforts on behalf of the Atlantic salmon; the architect Robert Jacobs, whose credits include the American Airlines terminal at Kennedy Airport, said that meeting Lee Wulff in the late 1930's while salmon fishing on the west coast of Newfoundland was ''probably one of the most momentous days of my life,'' and Mr. Grant observed that ''Lee has probably done more than any other living American to advance the art or craft of flyfishing.''
If that would happen, that might be tomorrow's newspaper.''
In this country the vast majority are calcium stones, and most of these consist of a highly insoluble compound called calcium oxalate.
The Nicaraguan Government, marking the fourth anniversary of its revolution, announced today that it was willing to participate in international talks to achieve peace in Central America.
About the only complaint heard from the staff members, who appear to relish the opportunity to give daily instruction in a favorite instrument, is the noise.
It isn't only father who can dominate and browbeat.
The process began when Mr. Cuomo submitted his proposed 1983-84 executive budget last Feb. 1.
Schlichter played in just three games, at the end of one-sided contests, in the capacity, as it is called, of ''mop-up.''
It is scheduled to be shown in January on the Public Broadcasting Service's ''American Playhouse.''
The third side order of garlic bread turned out to be two long cross-sections of a commercial Italian loaf daubed with what tasted like garlic powder and perhaps butter.
Aware of Prayers Asked about the prognosis for the Cardinal, Father Finn said death could come ''within hours or days.''
''Our monetary system is in a rather frightening state,'' H. Johannes Witteveen, the former managing director of the International Monetary Fund, said at the start of last week's annual meetings of the I.M.F.
Under state regulations, the city is permitted to pay only $218 a month in rent for families in need.
One rainy night this week at the Canaan Baptist Church in Harlem, the 50 members of the Mass Choir were hard at work on ''For Unto Us a Child Is Born'' from Handel's ''Messiah.''
Beirut was split between its Moslem and Christian sectors during the 1975-76 civil war, but after the Israelis forced out Palestinian guerrillas and subdued their allies last summer, Mr. Gemayel's Government began to establish its authority in the Moslem western sector.
Stone, President Reagan's special envoy to Central America, met today for the first time with a leader of El Salvador's rebels, according to the President of Colombia.
He was founding chairman and past president of the International Conference of Symphony and Opera Musicians, an organization of union musicians.
The chief of Lebanese Army intelligence, Col. Simon Qasis, met in the Syrian capital today with representatives of Lebanese Druse and Shiite factions in an effort to stabilize a cease- fire, originally proclaimed Sept. 26.
Mr. Anderson's own films almost willfully avoid fancy visual pyrotechnics, and they also tend to emphasize the social rather than the psychological aspects of character: the Mick Travis character, who appears in ''If ...,'' ''O Lucky Man!''
The Yale Music Library and the Kurt Weill Foundation for Music will sponsor an International Conference on Kurt Weill Nov. 2 to Nov. 5 at Yale University in New Haven.
Given his chance this year as a junior, with Patterson having been graduated, Franco is leading the Division III rushers with an average of 145.8 yards per game.
It currently is on lease to the institute, which is seeking to raise $1 million to buy it from a private owner.
The United States has strategic interests in Central America, meaning that we cannot blithely wish for the success of groups that might use their countries as Soviet or Cuban bases.
The men's 400-meter hurdles final Tuesday will match Edwin Moses, the world-record holder and 1976 Olympic champion, against Harald Schmid of West Germany for the first time in three years.
Being extremely sensitive to light, she could see only glary images.
Queens, some at the fair said, still had trouble with its reputation.
The ball didn't travel as far as the spaldeen, but we all thought it made for better "stickball."
One basis for projections is the exit poll, a survey based on interviews with people who have just voted.
The sophomore quarterback Todd Norley completed 11 of 14 passes for two touchdowns and 197 yards tonight as Syracuse beat Northwestern, 35-0.
Technically, the defendants in the state proceeding enjoyed privileges their counterparts in Federal court were denied.
If you want to go to the movies and be assured that your intelligence won't be assaulted by anything of great moment, don't miss ''The Hunger'' at Criterion V and Eastside Cinema.
And in covering punts they are tops in their conference and second in the league, yielding an average of only 4.9 yards a punt.
shareholder plus enough, it is hoped, to satisfy Wall Street's thirst for information about the gigantic spin-off.
The trees were planted on private land with permission of the owners.
A 40-foot scaffold fell over at a Brooklyn Navy Yard dry dock yesterday, injuring three workers who were on the wood-and-metal frame, authorities said.
''That's about a dozen flowers,'' she said.
To pave the way for the new models, the auto companies this year began their marketing campaigns with dealers.
''That's what cable television is all about,'' said Terry Bienstock, HBO's attorney.
At the same time, pressure is growing within the Legislature to water down the law, the Agricultural Labor Relations Act, and some growers are planning a petition drive aimed at passing a state constitutional amendment that would further weaken it.
The man was later cleared.
Here there's nothing martial or fortresslike.
The huge dome of crusty lava in the crater of Mount St. Helens in southwest Washington is inflating at a rapidly increasing rate and new material could be released in 5 to 10 days, the United States Geological Survey and the University of Washington geophysics department said Saturday night.
Seeing that, Abu Haled burst into prolonged tears.
He has a previously scheduled meeting of the Organization for Economic Cooperation and Development in Paris on May 9 and 10.
Personal income rose nine- tenths of 1 percent in September and factories operated at a 78.1 percent rate of capacity, up from a 77.1 percent level in August.
Republicans - 14 Goldwater, Ariz. Hatfield, Ore. Helms, N.C. Laxalt, Nev. Mathias, Md.
Combined sales at General Motors, Ford and Chrysler totaled 108,348 units in the Jan.1-10 period.
Meanwhile, in Kinston, Ray Kuhlman, the owner of the Blue Jays, decided that broadcasting games might help attendance and visibility for the club.
The mix of apartments may change, depending on sales experience, as it already has at another Glick condominium project: Baybridge, on 30 acres off Bell Boulevard at 108th Place near the Throgs Neck Bridge in Bayside, Queens.
They knew just what they were doing.''
''Then, because of the ambience of the place and the quality of the food, it became a local attraction for all of Morris County.''
His second housing block in Amsterdam, for example, completed in 1917, and documented fairly thoroughly in the exhibition, is a richly ornamented structure of brick with round bays, elaborately sculpted chimneys, unusual window shapes and an altogether splendid sense of rhythm.
With premium fuel, the engineers say, the rating is more than 200.
Brunner Expected to Play The quarterback Scott Brunner, who suffered bruised ribs and a bruised thigh in the Giants' opening- game loss to the Los Angeles Rams, is expected to play against the Falcons in Atlanta Sunday, team officials said.
Supports Through Purchases Milk prices are now supported at $13.10 per hundred pounds through Government purchases of surplus butter, cheese and dried milk.
Mr. Petrone's agency also faulted the plan for lacking details on certain procedures, failure to identify alternate evacuation routes, deficiencies in communications equipment and failure to provide buses for people without cars.
Andras Schiff played the piano in the Schumann and Mozart pieces, offering reticent, almost gentle, performances in both and investing the Mozart's finale with a swift and delicate grace.
The victory cut his league-leading goals-against mark to 2.31 and increased his league-leading victories to 38.
They acknowledged that they were disappointed when the wreckage was not found in the original ''high probability'' search area, but they insisted the hunt would go on as long as weather permitted.
The burst of radiation would explosively evaporate the booster's skin, launching a shock wave that destroys electronic controls, rocket fuel and engine parts.
I neither know nor care enough to look it up.
The United States promised to supply enriched uranium for the Tarapur reactors, and India agreed to international safeguards on nuclear installations that used American fuel.
I was with two big guys, a big first baseman and a big pitcher.
That killed the suspense since you knew Gregory Peck was going to outwit the Nazis anyhow because Gregory Peck was the star.
But, underlining the growing divisions in Chile, he said, ''The people should be conscious that the worst that can happen in a country is a civil war.''
Yet the company managed to fill only 63 percent of the seats at the 4,00-seat house.
Smith Takes 100 Meters Another notable American victory was in the 100 meters, won by Calvin Smith in 10.30 seconds, four-hundredths of a second ahead of Britain's top sprinter, Allan Wells.
He added that Apple's sales and profits in the quarter ending June 25 would be higher than a year ago and the preceding quarter.
''I'm going into private practice.''
''You have to follow the rate of sale printouts constantly and take into account human error, too, in ringing up the sale in the store,'' she stated.
The battle has divided the city because even many of his critics concede that the 42-year-old Mayor has played a key role in a $300 million program that has rejuvenated downtown Providence.
And so all we asked for time was to study and see.
''It undercuts the U.S. image in the world as a nation that acts legally, fairly, decently and overtly,'' he said.
Duhe rose from international obscurity by intercepting three passes.
Mr. Shultz, his aides said, was urged by Mr. Gemayel to take on a more direct effort to bring about a Syrian withdrawal.
''We were all worried about leaks,'' Mr. Berger said.
At 8:30 tomorrow night in the second-floor Performance Space 122 studio, a group of dancers who glory in the name of Six Kinetic Women at a Time will present ''Groundhog Day,'' a program of improvisational dance.
However, the Hagler-Duran match seems destined for Las Vegas, Nev.
The second reason why you should not confine your eating exclusively to pousadas is that you'll miss much of the best of Portugal - the simple fare obtainable at the unpretentious cafes and restaurants.
QUESTION: When Billy Conn, a heavyweight contender, fought Tony Zale, the middleweight champion, what was the weight difference, who won and how did the officials vote?
''A potential customer has to think through what financial services he or she really wants and which account fits those needs best.''
Released From Combustion Fires or explosions at plants that produce pesticides, herbicides and other products that involve dioxin, like the explosion at the Hoffmann-LaRoche plant in Seveso, Italy, on July 10, 1976, can also provide a path through which dioxin enters the environment.
''Revolution in Time: Clocks and the Making of the Modern World'' by David S. Landes (Harvard University Press).
''He told me, before the season, that I was going to put up big numbers.
A large group is led off to a courtroom and 12 potential jurors (plus two alternates) are called up to the jury box.
Her father is vice chairman of Wertheim & Company, the New York investment bank.
The lectures swamped us with new concepts.
Mr. D'Arcy became director of programming for the new Governmentrun French television network in 1952.
If you go down our products, they have them and in great quantities.''
Mr. Leslie told the occupants that they were parked illegally and instructed them to move on, the police said.
Try VOTE COPE, SPACE, ASTA, or SMACC, the acronyms that can show up on a candidate's disclosure form filed with the Federal Election Commission.
Temporary Recall M ax L. Friedersdorf is being recalled temporarily from his post as the American Consul General in Bermuda to help the Reagan Administration navigate the MX missile through the reefs on Capitol Hill.
Start out with an excursion to 107 Rue la Boetie, just off the Champs-Elysees.
Thus, the broadcaster is able to air regular programs and the data at the same time, although only viewers with sets equipped with decoders will be able to pick up the teletext.
The major is stationed in Omaha at the Headquarters of the Strategic Air Command where he spends his time drawing up long-range plans for what he says are ''non-nuclear wars.''
He enjoys art, and tries to add to his collection of contemporary art whenever he can, but says he is an incurable workaholic.
That's very, very difficult to control.''
Her father is a retired vice president of Rockefeller Center Inc. Mr. Lanman, a partner in the New York architectural firm of Brillembourg & Lanman, graduated from the Hotchkiss School and Wesleyan University.
Dr. Rubin said: ''Hospitals cannot willy-nilly put patients out on the street without the acquiescence of the patient and the physician.
He said a military draft ''will strengthen the means of national defense'' and warned that ''in the coming weeks or months, military tension may reach higher levels.''
Meanwhile, the archdiocese relies heavily on priests from religious orders and from other dioceses.
Mitel had a loss of $4.5 million, in constrast to earnings of $3 million a year earlier.
It was his theory that the stripers thought the fly was a small baitfish being pursued by the eel and moved in to steal the eel's meal.
Capstraw, 23 years old, was once a pitcher on the Wagner team.
Modernity Has Dangers The great, and proved danger of modernity, Rabbi Greenberg said, is ''the establishment of universal categories that allow no exceptions'' and ''enable the killing to be turned into a process, into a rule of law.''
But nothing is better than her photographs of celebrities: Colette at her writing table; Christian Dior playing cards in the country; Coco Chanel looking plain and simple in sweater and skirt, french cuffs and only one piece of jewelry; the famous shot of Carson McCullers looking haunted and sweet at the same time, and the picture of Diana Vreeland, her husband and two children, all of them big-nosed, bony and, in that picture, quite beautiful.
Add $1 in postage and handling fees for the badge, $3 for the two-medal set and $2.50 for the larger bronze medal.
*3*** COMPANY REPORTS ** View Full Article in Timesmachine »
Currently, vehicles used in illegal drug operations or property seized at the time of arrest can be kept by New York law enforcement agencies.
The United States has accused Iran and Syria of involvement in the suicide bombing attacks that killed 239 American marines, sailors and soldiers and 58 French soldiers in Beirut on Oct. 23.
At first, it was thought Sherod had been acquired by the Knicks just to have another player available for scrimmages.
It would be able to reach and destroy heavily reinforced targets deep in the Soviet Union.
With mortgage money available at better rates, owners have a greater opportunity to refinance rather than sell.
Stockbrokers say this rise in volume reflects, to a considerable degree, the increased activity of individual investors since the market turned upward last summer.
''I made good decisions and I made bad ones,'' he said.
Kansas City's Bud Black (9-6) took a one-hitter and a 4-0 lead into the ninth, but yielded leadoff singles to Juan Beniquez, and Brian Downing.
That Hitachi had agreed to pay I.B.M.
But it was up $52.50 from the year's first trading session.
So in most respects, Joe LaBrava is fairly standard issue from the supply room of the tough-guy school of fiction.
At last, the economy may be cooling off, giving some comfort to those who feared a reheating of inflation, if feverish second-quarter growth rates continued.
The gamut from skiing to polo to Saturday Night Fever may be too much for winter tourists accustomed to narrowing their options ahead of time.
New York City's unemployed 16- to 21-year-olds cost the Federal, state and local governments almost a quarter of a billion dollars in welfare and medical benefits in 1982.
Andre Franco Montoro, the first elected governor of Sao Paulo in nearly two decades, promised the voters he would humanize a police force that had earned the reputation of being the most violent and unaccountable in Brazil.
He cited reports of new incidents of sniper fire in the hills of Grenada and suggested that there might be an extended role on the island for American military engineers and other units.
accounted for 41.4 percent of its revenues in fiscal year 1982, up from 18.7 percent in 1981.
Mathias, Republican of Maryland, said.
It said the New Mexico utility operations account for 60 percent of its utility assets and $350 million of its total annual revenues of $1.10 billion, but have been only marginally profitable.
''Not once in all 14 years did he ever set foot on the bridge,'' the author writes of Washington.
Then, said Mr. Denby, ''you watch her body slowly descend, her foot and leg pointing stiffly downward, till her toe reaches the floor and she rests her full weight at last on this single sharp point and pauses.
Herbert Sturz, former director of the Vera Institute of Justice, is chairman of the New York City Planning Commission.
But both build impressively, and in the end, neither lacks anything in intensity.
A prescription for becoming one's individual self.
Mr. Hooker is flamboyant and often a subject of publicity.
For Manager Chuck Tanner, the perennial problem is the health of his pitching staff.
Also, there may be a condensation problem inside the walls that is causing the paint to peel.
Hands are important in another way.
Still, it was worth a try.
She was second in her class, as she had been at the University of Illinois.
People stagger slightly, and crane their necks to see where the voice is coming from.
In this one, Mr. Lelouch cuts in and out between two love stories: the Edith and Marcel story that everyone knows, and another involving a young girl who writes letters to a young French boy held in a German prisoner-of-war camp after France's defeat by the Nazis in 1940.
There has already been some carping that ''Future Shock'' is really a Material album, with Mr. Hancock's parts tacked on.
They decide to convene a meeting of experts of the participating states on questions concerning respect, in their states, for human rights and fundamental freedoms, in all their aspects, as embodied in the Final Act.
For this and other reasons he enjoyed making ceramics with his friend J. L. Artigas.
Hard currency inflow is very important, but mostly as a means to plug endemic manufacturing gaps.
There are still some roses, with lantanas and fuchsias coming into flower.
''The Faith Healer,'' ''Translations'' - this one seems muted and thin.
Ryan increased his total to 3,521 in his next start before going on the disabled list with a pulled hamstring.
Mr. Merrick suffered a stroke on Feb. 13.
The one overriding restriction is that only shoot-em-up games can be created.
That's what you're asking for and we will seek to do that.
Sofia Alonso, an elderly woman who said she had made a special effort to come to Niquinohomo, 25 miles southeast of Managua, the capital, to hear the Archbishop, said her acquaintances were sending their children and grandchildren to parochial schools because ''the Government is trying to reduce people's faith in God and the Catholic Church.''
An American reporter returns to his native Greece to investigate, and avenge, his mother's death in the Greek civil war.
The property originally had been assembled in 1904 by Edmund C. Converse, president of the Bankers Trust Company and a founder of United States Steel, who bought and consolidated some 20 farms to establish an estate.
Even if the Administration does not persuade the Supreme Court or the commission to accept its views, it will have scored political points and aroused the impassioned debate many White House officials want.
Buck Kedrick, who said he hadn't locked his front door since he moved to Chino 39 years ago, said it was locked now.
Then Miss Godwin began to read from ''Mr.
Now, with a yearly budget of $20 million, ''Entertainment Tonight'' has a full-time staff of more than 100 in New York and Los Angeles.
''It is important that the Administration and the legislative branches remain cool-headed and seek a reasonable, moderate solution,'' he said.
''There is no hitch whatsoever in our talks at the moment,'' he said.
''I have learned to say 'No,' '' she said.
That mission is to have a theater that can offer possibilities that aren't being explored elsewhere.
Hundreds of militant opponents of the Managua Government have taken up exile here, confident that their activities would be shielded by this country's strong anti-Communist stand.
Over his 90 holes that week, including the 18-hole playoff in which he stunned Arnold Palmer (7l to 74), he three-putted only once.
Cavaliers 98, Blazers 92 RICHFIELD, Ohio (UPI) - World B.
Starting transplants permits a wider selection of varieties than buying transplants or starter kits, says Charles A. McClurg of the University of Maryland.
-stands at a lecture-hall podium, backed by potted plants and flags, and spends nearly two hours alternately insulting the audience and announcing how bitter he is.
It is continuing to assist employees who had worked witht he Warner Lambert Company, which closed the American Chicle Company in Long Island City and laid off 455 workers.
Most members are from the East Coast, but there are members in 30 states plus Canada, Austria, West Germany and Australia.
Last year the Municipal Bond Insurance Association insured $3.6 billion of bonds, up from $1.2 billion in 1981.
In 1976, Schneiders had joined the Carter campaign, in short order became the candidate's traveling companion and close adviser and stayed on to join the Carter White House.
This relatively new phenomenon has produced another that could be the germ of a new and more lasting kind of hopefulness for the country.
''The whole team broke up, and he stood there and took it.
Terry Williams added 18 points, and Bobby Lee Hurt had 15.
The paintings are stylized, often larger than life; sometimes they are miniatures.
On several occasions, scholars report, the selection committees have been forced to ignore a worthy achievement because they could not determine which three scientists played the key role.
Another sample taken from meat stored in Casper was found to be free of contaminants.
''We'd try a misdirection, or sucker play.
In 1975 the Supreme Court held that it has power to sit, in effect, as a trial court to settle differences between the two states.
''Three years ago this place was falling apart,'' she said, picking her way through the fluffy irises and dripping wisteria immortalized by Monet.
The material in question was used to help Mr. Carter prepare for his debate with Mr. Reagan in the crucial phase of the campaign.
Second, we've become so caught up by Mr. Straub's huge but interesting cast of characters that we allow ourselves to suspend any disbelief.
It estimated that revenue generated by economic activities in the refuges could be increased by 37 percent above the current $6 million a year.
''It ranges from as low as 1 cent per kilowatt-hour to more than 7 cents.''
'' It is a crystal headpiece, topped with a crystal butterfly, both dotted with diamonds, emeralds, pearls and a tourmaline.
Phyllis Hyman, once of ''Sophisticated Ladies,'' wraps her voice sinuously around ''Hit the Road'' and ''Daddy.''
Mr. Beteta said 1982 petroleum exports totaled $16.6 billion, an increase of 14 percent over 1981 levels.
It is recording again - two releases for Vanguard last year - and is soon to syndicate radio broadcasts of its concerts.
But we'll have this review body sort of independent of the lobbying that goes on in the N.C.A.A.
The agency said it was estimated that this ''will more than double'' the number of black locomotive engineers on the Burlington Northern system over the next two years.
The corps has been pumping water out of Spirit Lake to keep it below the point at which the debris dam is considered unstable.
I hope it doesn't get to the point where I ask, 'What more I can accomplish?'
Each team will receive 25 percent; the Hall of Fame will get 25 percent; N.A.C.D.A.
Mr. Alevras, a senior member of the ruling Socialist Party, is visiting West Germany at the head of a six-member group made up of deputies from all three Greek parties, at the invitation of his West German counterpart.
These data, and reports about the zones in which the oil has been found, have convinced industry sources that there is a good chance the field can produce the 50 million barrels needed to make it profitable.
He said he remembered me saying when I was in high school that I wanted to go to college and then play pro football.
Prices paid to farmers for their raw goods rose 2.2 percent in April, up for the fourth straight month, the Government said.
Actually, the life-styles seem consonant with those of any number of executives in any number of businesses.
The guests included such local fans as Bill Blass, Nan Kempner, Jerry Zipkin, Ruth Ellington, Gordon Parks, Elaine Kaufman, Jonathan Schwartz, Jimmy Daniels, Jean Bach, Josephine Premice and Frances FitzGerald, as well as fans from such cities as Detroit and Austin, Tex.
That also explains John Wayne's nickname.
There were strong indications DeBusschere would then hire Dave Gavitt as the coach.
The postage meter company said that, although the move would cut third-quarter earnings by $22.5 million, overall results are expected to be ''positive.''
The wind was at the kicker's back, a tribute to the good thinking of Coach Sam Rutigliano of Cleveland, and there was no time remaining, a tribute to the efficiency of Brian Sipe, the Browns' quarterback.
She had been a professor at Syracuse University since 1975.
And don't you love it that it's so long?''
They had just been told that their son Patrick, a handsome 10-year-old boy with cerebral palsy, was grinding his teeth so badly during his seizures that he needed $675 worth of dental work.
Nearby, a wire cart held the last 10 of his 52 copies of Newsday.
PITTSBURGH (AFC) - Signed E ric Williams, safety from North C arolina State, and Craig Dunaway, t ight end from Michigan, 1983 draft p icks, and the following free agents: H arvey Clayton, defensive back; Jay H ull, offensive guard; Lonnie Kennell, n ose tackle, and Lawrence LaCroix, c ornerback.
''If I say I'm not running, then I'm a lame duck; if I say yes, then everything is political.
Officials disclosed the basic standard rates that Medicare would pay for a hospital patient in nine regions, ranging from a high of $3,021 in some urban areas to a low of $2,142 in some rural areas.
I felt as though I didn't want to perform anymore.
The jury in the Cronenberger trial showed no more sympathy.
''He could be on his death bed and still have a big serve.''
Tolbert, in turn, was traded to the Detroit Pistons for two second-round draft choices in 1984 and 1985.
But it is the ratings race that will determine the success of this $40 millionplus venture and whether ABC will decide to continue the story through World War II with an adaptation of Mr. Wouk's ''War and Remembrance.''
Eight years ago, Mr. Nelson released an album called ''Red Headed Stranger'' that raised ''country music'' to a new level.
Six-Week Experiment The scientific experiment, to be conducted over a six-week period beginning in mid-September, is known as Captex, an acronym for cross-Appalachian tracer experiment, and is expected to show whether or how the pollutants are carried over long distances by wind currents in the atmosphere.
The Dow Jones industrial average soared 17.58 points, to 1,233.52, its biggest daily gain since Oct. 6, when it was up 18.60 points.
The uncertainty of whether the fight would take place at all left him with a nervous stomach.
Affluent towns for the most part have high indices of alcohol consumption.''
On this year's returns, for the last time, taxpayers may deduct losses from theft, automobile accidents, fire, flood or other natural disasters with only one limitation: The first $100 of each loss is not deductible.
Chemises and Variants The chemise was a dominant style, in crisp, brightly colored cottons (purple, red, yellow) and in linens in muted patterns.
c-Including a gain of $102,000 on the sale of discontinued operations and a tax credit of $126,000.
Mrs. Cheney, who has a doctoral degree in English from the University of Wisconsin, has written two novels and a number of magazine articles on American history.
For their own reasons, Syria, Libya and Mr. Arafat's opponents within his own group, Al Fatah, have thrown their support behind the rebels.
So is Jim Barrineau of Athens, Ga., a high-jumper on the 1976 Olympic team and a member of the United States team here.
Jesse Orosco, who was named the National League's pitcher of the month for August, pitched the final two innings in relief.
*3*** COMPANY REPORTS ** View Full Article in Timesmachine »
BELLS are ringing all over New York this weekend, from the lowly plink of doorbells to the insistent clang of vendors' handbells.
Jazzmania (532-7666) is located at 40 West 27th Street, between Broadway and 6th Avenue.
Perhaps Christopher Ray Stiver will be able to go home soon.
'A Running Battle' ''I have a running battle here in the White House to make sure our news conferences are on in prime time,'' said Mr. Deaver.
But while some Democrats argue that television stations should be forced to provide the targets of attacks with an opportunity to respond, the idea of such government intervention draws no enthusiasm from Republicans.
Church Opens Its Breakfast Like nearly 200 others, she ended up in a north Denver junior high school, where Red Cross volunteers dispensed juice and coffee.At the Highlands Lutheran Church, across the street, the annual Easter morning breakfast was opened to the evacuees.
In the newer one, there is a mechanical ticket distributor.
Twenty-five days, one upheld protest and two court decisions later, the Yankees and the Kansas City Royals completed a baseball game last night.
The society is presenting the 1976 Bayreuth production by Patrice Chereau and Pierre Boulez, which was filmed by Unitel-Munich in association with WNET, New York.
After the minute was over, McIlwain left the floor and took his players to the locker room, refusing to continue,
A year or two later this impression that animals had more on their minds than animal lovers realize was rein-forced by a chow dog named Mitzi, whose goal in life was to isolate me in a lonely room and chew me down to boyburger.
When you are winning, it becomes more difficult to get your point across, but when you get whipped like we did today, it makes people understand better.
A cautionary note, however: Some of the bigger hotels cater mainly to Europeans on package tours, and these hotels do not have the flexibility to cope with individual visitors with individual requirements.
Ricardo, who had earlier missed a 23-yard field-goal attempt, hit from 39 yards out with 1:52 left in the third period.
''It was rare that 12 of the 13 pieces were fully marked,'' Mr. Phillips said.
The Keel Is Unveiled After the race, Australia II finally unveiled her mysterious and controversial keel, which had been kept hidden by a skirt and armed guards all summer.
The archive is expected to go to Switzerland in August.
'Variety of Minor Problems' A spokesman for the utility, Charles R. Salit, said that ''we have had a variety of minor problems with the diesels over the past year.''
Of its approximately five and one-half million inhabitants, 60 percent (three and one-quarter million) are Jewish and 40 percent are Arabs (one and one-half million Palestinians in the West Bank and Gaza and three-quarters of a million Arabs within Israel's pre-1967 borders).
And it saves them money.
Before going to Ohio State University to study electrical engineering, he taught school for several years.
Annual corporate elections have become a travesty.
Dr. Debus is survived by his wife, Irmgard, two daughters and two granddaughters.
As usual, after dropping their bombs, the Israelis flew into the mid-afternoon sun, making it difficult for antiaircraft gunners to follow them.
Although the announcement said that measures were in hand to ''give relief'' to families of the dead, it omitted any reference to special medical care for the injured, normally routine in such statements.
But The Entertainment Channel had another, more basic problem, one that brings us back to the truism that ''the program is the thing.''
Mr. Schey and Mr. Quintanilla arrived in San Salvador on Wednesday and left this morning with Dennis.
It is hard to believe that a restaurant so clean, cozy and inviting can still afford to serve huge and savory main courses that cost as little as $6.95 to $8.25.
He testified as a prosecution witness at the second-degree murder trial of Donald Nash.
decision reversing a rule that forbids networks to control the distribution and profits of the reruns on network television shows.
Miss Goldman began by tracing her illustrious subject's history, starting in 1959 with the sensationally defiant black pin-striped paintings that brought him instant fame when he was just 23.
over $5 billion for rebuilding and reconstruction.
The injured were all reported in satisfactory condition.
One evening, I saw an advertisement buried in the local newspaper offering three mornings of white-water kayaking lessons for $30.
The officials asserted that ''policy implementation,'' rather than the policies themselves, was at issue in Mr. Reagan's decision to reassign Mr. Enders, the Assistant Secretary of State for Inter-American Affairs, to an ambassadorial post and replace him with Langhorne A. Motley, the American envoy to Brazil.
3 and 2, at the North Shore Country Club.
In another study, third-grade children who were encouraged to express their anger toward a child who had frustrated them ended up liking that child less than children did who were not permitted to express anger.
Instead East passed, and missed another chance to try seven clubs when his partner reopened with a double.
The Illini, winning their ninth consecutive game, used a balanced offense to drop Indiana to 3-7 over all and 2-6 in the Big Ten.
- 37 ... K-K2; 38 R-B7ch, R-Q2; 39 RxR, QxR (or 39 ... Q-K8ch; 40 K-R2, RxR; 41 P-Q6ch!
Inflation remains low, averaging 2.5 percent over the last year.
Mr. Mondale insisted such legislation was necessary to restore United States products to a competitive footing in a world economy where many countries ''close their markets to us.''
The results will be that our students will learn more language in less time.''
In department stores like Clery's across the River Liffey on O'Connell Street the security guards say the young shoplifters and pickpockets are more brazen than ever.
For evidence to support this assertion, one need search no farther than the recent disk featuring the harpsichordists Kenneth Gilbert, Lars Ulrik Mortensen and Nicholas Kraemer, with Trevor Pinnock leading his expert English Concert from the keyboard (Archiv 2534 001, digital), or its closest competitor, by Ton Koopman, Friederike Ernst, David Collyer and Tini Mathot, with the Amsterdam Baroque Orchestra (Philips 6769 075, two disks).
Others Named to Panel In addition to Mr. Badillo, the new members named by Justice Murphy are Paulette M. Caldwell, a professor at New York University Law School, and Gloria Sosa, the secretary of the Puerto Rican Bar Association.
Ralph Spry of the United States was the silver medalist in the men's long jump with 25-11 1/2.
Actually, no country has daylight saving for as long as eight months, but Canada's thinking about it.
- Most Amusing The Price of His Toys, 9559 Little Santa Monica, sells a $6,000 silver backgammon set.
The co-leaders have a two-stroke lead over Lloyd Monroe of Wykagyl, Jimmy Wright of Fenway and Bob Heins of Old Oaks.
''That was my fastball,'' Koosman told a reporter.
He completed the campaign with a $1 million surplus.
He said he would return to Texas ''and take some time to catch my breath.''
''My designing is done intuitively - it is not an intellectual or reflective process.
''What is happening to our industry?''
And if I add the trumps left in my hand and the dummy and take the answer away from 13 that should be the number of missing trumps.
It would allow for the first time a significant portion of the school's population to study abroad.
Her father is chairman of the department of management studies at the Rochester Institute of Technology, managing partner of the Hickman Corporation, a family investment concern in Geneseo and a trustee of the Oceanic Society in Stamford, Conn. Mr.
TAMPA BAY (NFC) - Released Ron Battle, tight end; Herbert Harris and Mark Barousse, wide receivers; Paul Girgash and John Samuelson, linebackers, Phil Carter, running back, and Chris Wampler, defensive end; announced that Bo Harris, linebacker, failed physical.
Markey (D) Y Y 8.
It also includes Viresh Oberoi and his wife, both university graduates and second-generation middle-class children of military officers.
The MCI Communications Corporation, already a major thorn in the side of dear old Ma Bell when it comes to consumer long-distance telephoning, is planning similar positioning with her descendants in the business-to-business area, once the divestiture of the American Telephone and Telegraph Company becomes effective in about six months.
In the Americas, areas that are now suitable only for pasture, such as the pampas of Argentina and the subarctic regions of Canada, may become fertile wheatlands.
As the investigation of alleged campaign abuses began to focus on the differing recollections of these two Reagan advisers, the Administration was suffering a separate, growing problem of internal friction centered on the same two principals.
In producing a relatively lackluster performance so far for its shareowners, Sci/Tech was hampered by two critical factors: timing and size.
The race is expected to end about an hour later at 23d Street.
Your suggested remedy would be to have the safety tests conducted by an institute supported by industry, with Government participation, instead of by independent private laboratories.
The changes have been made necessary, they said, by the recent elimination of Government restraints on the amount of interest banks may pay on small deposits.
The most crushing blow, however, came in the final event, the men's 1,600-meter relay, when Willie Smith of Uniondale, L.I., went sprawling to the track trying to challenge Nikolai Chernetsky for the lead on the final turn of the third leg.
The railroad had originally demanded the right to contract out some maintenance and repair work and to have members of one union perform incidental work that would otherwise have been in another union's jurisdiction.
We couldn't provide an answer on the exact location of where the plane fell down.
Mr. Reagan has been invited to visit Peking next year.
Nyack's record is now 5-3; Rye is 7-1.
Determined that those who came after him would not suffer such arbitrary discrimination, Mr. Specter persuaded his colleagues last month to change the rules so that seniority among otherwise equal Senators would henceforth be determined by lottery.
After the first of the year, the companies will operate under a new privately owned entity called Continental Resources and Development Inc., of which Mr. Lee will be president and chief executive.
Lagos Is Said To Seek Aid LONDON, Feb. 15 (Reuters) - Nigeria has opened talks with its foreign bankers on a credit of about $1 billion to repay part of the $3 billion it owes in commercial payments, banking sources said today.
Miss Mayo, a travel coordinator for Bain & Company, a management consulting concern in Boston, graduated from the Pingree School and Briarcliff College.
Arizona State finished the season with a 10-2 record, and Oklahoma was 8-4.
''You're never going to have one-person control of Albany like you've had for the past 62 years, first under Dan O'Connell and then Erastus Corning,'' said Howard C. Nolan Jr., a State Senator whose district includes Albany and who was the only Democrat ever to challenge Mr. Corning in a primary.
They further said that the employees of a private jet charter company operated by Brooke Knapp, the wife of Financial's chairman and chief executive, were paid by State, and that a coffee maker and color television order by Mrs. Knapp for the charter service were paid for by State.
3 in D minor (Op.
I don't want to run too fast too soon.''
In recent months, the Palm Beach County cities of Boca Raton and Lake Worth have also passed whistle bans.
Their fear is that the stalemate over how to tackle enormous budget deficits could keep interest rates high and choke off the nascent economic recovery.
Only 110 of the estimated 500 operating hospices have applied, they said; nearly all of the applicants have asked to wait to see the new rates before making a decision.
The restaurant had been a workingman's place, with a bar that had coins drilled into the top and a 300-pound bartender, she said.
He was a past president of the orthopedic section of the American Medical Association and the Association of Bone and Joint Surgeons and a former vice president of the American Academy of Orthopedic Surgeons.
Personal safety as well as economic survival were daily at risk.
A total of 137,000 residents were summoned to jury service for the court year that ended on Aug. 31, 1981.
With the company's stock now selling at its highest price in years - it closed at 27 1/8, up 1 7/8, today - Mr. Iacocca was praised by many of the 1,200 shareholders attending the meeting for his accomplishments in bringing Chrysler back to profitability as a much smaller company than it had been in the 1970's, with a lower breakeven point.
Miguel Najdorf, the grand old man of Argentine chess, rapidly analyzed the position where play was broken off, shook his head and blankly asked, ''Who's winning?''
Still, the group's kinetic live shows have attracted crowds from the start, and the Gang supports itself by performing live.
It did not take him long to grow tired of questions about Taylor, the linebacker who turned the Giants into a playoff team in 1981.
Currently New Jersey Bell household customers pay $1.08 a month for a standard rotary telephone and $3.02 for a Trimline Touchtone, so their rates will increase substantially.
With Seaver carrying his share of the pitching burden, Bamberger revealed that he was going to use Neil Allen in a starting role at Pittsburgh on Saturday.
Stephen Schoeffow, 15, of nearby 20-22 Palmetto Street, was arrested and charged with assault, reckless endangerment and possession of a weapon.
The move also drew into the newspaper's orbit two other men - Licio Gelli and Roberto Calvi - who represented the antithesis of what the paper had always stood for.
Annuity buyers have the right to cancel their contracts and liquidate them before payouts begin, since the insurer has guaranteed the investment plus interest.
That is, as commission chairman Brent Scowcroft also intimated, the Administration intends to deploy the first 100 MX's and threaten the Soviets with more to come.
Miss Zimbalist has something of the cool American look - quietly chic and ready to tackle, elegantly, just about any social situation.
SUMMER DESSERT, METAPHYSICA Perhaps then God; The factor coaxing the tea to cool, The lemon sherbet To drool.
Debate in Times Square As the march dispersed in Times Square, Maria Marulanda, a Manhattan file clerk who immigrated from Nicaragua 19 years ago, stood debating with Yefim Grebelsky, who immigrated four years ago from the Soviet Union.
The camp library carries S. J. Perelman and Elie Weisel, and, at a recent talent show, Mrs. Cohen read her Yiddish version of Pocahontas, which she calls ''Poca Yenta.''
The Senate report on the Simpson bill says it would make the biggest change in the immigration law since 1952, when the McCarran-Walter Act established the basic rules for admitting and excluding aliens.
Cash flow is important in deciding whether to self-insure.
Securities dealers also note that the market's reception for recent Treasury notes and bonds has been strong enough to indicate that many investors and speculators are not convinced that yields will increase significantly soon.
The chorus is to fly to Caracas tomorrow to represent the United States at the opening of a yearlong celebration of the 200th anniversary of the birth of Simon Bolivar.
As Eddie, Mr. Pinsent sports a pencil-thin mustache and talks tough out of the side of his mouth.
With about 15 percent of the vote counted, Mr. Evans led Mr. Cooney by a nearly 2-to-1 margin Mr. Lowry's lead over Mayor Royer was about the same.
And a young American woman hawks chic publications table to table: W, Interview and the two most fashionable publications of Paris, Passion and Egoiste, both big and picture-filled.
In other matters, the board: - Rejected applications for sidewalk cafe franchises by Bob's Steak & Seafood House, 213 Sixth Avenue, and Moran's Chelsea Fish House, 146 Tenth Avenue.
Most historical evidence indicates that yarns with aniline dyes did not become widely used until after the railroad reached this part of the West in 1880.
And preliminary financial material from local operating companies suggests that the breakup will be costly, in some cases tripling the average telephone bill.
The group of 64 Roman Catholic bishops, Jewish leaders and heads of Protestant churches urged Congress to bar experiments that could change the characteristics passed on from one generation to the next.
Yet you noted in an Aug. 6 news article, ''In the Land of Sony, the Abacus Is Still King,'' that the survival of the abacus is not merely a matter of tradition.
Discussing regional issues, Mr. DelBello said he was concerned about tourism in Sullivan County.
However, therapists whose values were formed in one culture may, for that very reason, be helpful to those from another.
The secured creditors consider those amounts too low at a time when airline traffic is increasing and the value of used planes has been going up.
The Giants' defense, which has become a thing of shreds and patches, received another patch today with the signing of Casey Merrill, a free-agent defensive lineman.
It mentions nothing about a novel.
On the last three holes, I was dragging it up.
Quarterly sales slipped to $2.13 billion from $2.25 billion.
Stanley Kwasnik performed the ceremony at the St. Anthony of Padua Roman Catholic Church.
Another potential returner, Davlin Mullen, was home as were other injured players - Lam Jones, the defensive tackles Marty Lyons and Abdul Salaam, and Harper, the all- purpose performer.
The developers of 500 Park Tower, which put its 56 apartments on the market in February, have all but 12 of the units priced at more than $1 million.
Owners and operators of motion-picture theaters are also marshaling their forces.
Most of the collectors pay little attention to the santos carved and sold today, primarily as souvenirs.
The argument that running for re-election takes too much of a President's time may be the strongest for the single six-year term.
''The facilities that Emilio Azcarraga, president of Televisa Corporation, have made available to me to experiment with have not been offered to museum professionals in the United States,'' Mr. Littman said.
That is one of the reasons he opposed hiring a full-time security company.
But the line drive was caught by a fan before it cleared the left-field wall.
On dry sites it can happen prematurely in September, as it did this year.''
Mr. Vecchio is filing a suit in State Supreme Court charging his opponent with ''malicious, scurrilous and false statements'' in his campaign literature.
He has his wife, Jennifer.
When Mr. Catledge became managing editor in December 1951, after the death of Mr. James, he assumed overall supervision of the paper's daily news staff.
Leroy (Nicky) Barnes, a major heroin dealer now cooperating with the authorities, testified in public for the first time yesterday as a prosecution witness in the trial of a narcotics defendant in Manhattan.
He was going to finish the tour if it killed him.
He is studying for a master's degree in computer science at Columbia University.
United had let the payment of commissions lapse last Sept. 12.
The machine has primarily benefited the city's Irish communities ever since.
*3*** COMPANY REPORTS ** View Full Article in Timesmachine »
Indeed, the number of musicals waiting to be developed, discovered and produced is mind-boggling.
It is not clear whether this secrecy, which is customary in criminal investigations, veils a careful effort to ferret out any evidence of wrongdoing, as Mr. Reagan indicated, or a half-hearted exercise designed to limit political damage, as some Congressional aides are beginning to suggest.
Freddie Mac has committed $2 billion for the convertible program.
There is growing criticsm of the Government's austerity policy, which foresees further sharp cuts in Government spending in 1984, to reduce the federal deficit and spur business borrowing.
It also convinced her that she had to conserve her energy and focus on activities that were most significant to her.
He officially retired in 1974, but was retained as a part-time reporter.
All of the things you believe in will go up in flames.''
''When people say, 'Where are you from?'
Only time will tell why the stock and bond markets might be sending out mixed signals.
Health Peril of Toxic Chemicals At issue are proposals formally put forward by the agency since 1973, when it was founded, to adopt standards to protect workers from the health hazards of toxic chemicals.
As More's guest in London, he was staying in the house in which Erasmus himself had stayed.
According to Lonnie Carter, the executive secretary of the Sharon Creative Arts Foundation, a summer season was approved for this year by a majority of the board.
Unfortunately there are also risks in developing style.
And another question occurred to me as I pounded out my bulletins, sending them at the ''urgent'' rate.
In 'The Man Who Fell to Earth,' the character is also an outsider, a tall, skinny extraterrestrial who also ends up in Kentucky.
''If another gang got your colors you were disgraced,'' Sting Ray said.
For in this period that stretched from the late 1940's to the early 1950's, when Marcel Marceau evolved into the international artist that made mime a household word, there was still time to hope, even after an unprecedented holocaust whose shadow could not be discarded.
''The United States Government has done nothing but try to protect the interests of its client state, El Salvador.''
''My professors have been a bit friendlier, and a bit more lenient, I hope.''
Marguerite Shaw, an actress and former educator, died in the Lawrence Hospital here of a heart ailment Sept. 23.
Some saltwater popping plugs, spoons and jigs - I am not referring to the fixed-hook, lead-headed jig, but to those such as the Hopkins which is really a spoon-jig cross - have only one set of free-swinging treble hooks on the aft end.
Television is willing to spend a couple of million, whereas the studios don't want to spend 10.''
He was a member of the board of Freeport McMoran, a conglomerate, for 50 years.
He didn't care who won or lost or even how the game was played; for him, it was another chance to revel with friends.
But when permission to leave for West Germany was granted last week, Mr. Vladimov said he was ''hoping they would turn us down'' and that he was ''very sorry to be leaving Russia.''
Already existing sources of information on real-estate in the city business include a library maintained by the Real Estate Board of New York and data collected by such city agencies as the Department of Housing and Preservation and the Buildings Department.
Those officers have also expressed concern over possible Soviet blocking of Caribbean sea lanes through which oil and raw materials are shipped into the United States and troops, arms, and supplies would move from Gulf ports to Europe in the event of a war there.
He does his analysis in Chicago and generally stays out of farm country himself.
Miss Field directs, and the puppets are the handiwork of Tony Angel.
she asks after winning an important race - but she also has a more delicate side, one that sustains plenty of damage during the course of the story.
Other honors that he received included the Albert Lasker Medical Research Award in 1975, the Kovalenko Medal of the National Academy of Sciences in 1979 and the Waterford Biomedical Science Award in 1980.
They included video disks, wristwatch television, hand-held computers, video games, telephones that can be programmed and desk-top personal computers that have the same capacity as the computers that filled buildings 30 years ago.
''When the inning was over, the guys didn't much care how they got the runs.
It is an approach which, on the one hand, gave the violin duets by Leclair on the program a scratchy, homespun and slightly inappropriate quality but, on the other, invested Vivaldi's wonderfully rich ''La Follia,'' (Op.
Who is to blame for the debt problem?
500 and Big Board composite index.
He is the only one who will decide.''
Local farms were faced with the wettest March and April on record, causing lower yield and higher prices, as well as delayed planting of certain crops.
The next Arkansas-Villanova confrontation was the sprint medley.
The other demonstration sport (only two are allowed) is tennis, a game that once qualified as an official Olympic sport but is no longer included in the Games.
Or one could simply enlist the aggregate skills of John Cleese and the Monty Python troupe and turn them loose for an evening of Fo-vian fun.
''Speed and alcohol account for most fatalities,'' said Sgt.
''You'd end up getting fire stations, police stations and then it wouldn't disconnect.
.QNxP, the now isolated white KP was a sitting duck for Miles's coming attack.
Marine Unit Leaves Kenya The possibility exists that, if a new front develops when the militiamen enter the vacuum caused by the Israeli withdrawal, there may be a need to bolster the international force.
Profit taking forced fixed-interest dollar bonds off this morning's highs, dealers said.
Stampfl, a seventh-round pick in the June draft, will report to the Mets' Instructional League team in mid-September.
United States Attorney Rudolph W. Giuliani announced the charges at a news conference where machine guns were displayed.
n no way are these English names.
Still Pioneer kept going, its nine-foot dish antenna always cocked in the direction of Earth.
On Monday, workers refused to abandon the plant section that was to be closed down and kept the furnaces going.
According to one local resident, there is one ''town character'' for every 1,000 people in Saratoga Springs, which has a population of 26,000.
This means there will be no increase in trial judges, since five judges will be removed from the trial level to staff the new Appellate Court.
Communities that have suffered sudden increases in unemployment because of as factory closings would also be eligible.
Pepper's Lonely Hearts Club Band'' - the group's singer-bassist Sting used literary sources ranging from Carl Jung to Paul Bowles.
Governor Cuomo, who has kept a diary since 1972, on April 29 visited Lackawanna, N.Y.
This cool reception, it seemed, caused her to retreat even further into solitary working and living habits.
The company, based in Midland, Mich., said results for the latest quarter included $15 million, or 8 cents a share, in extraordinary earnings from the redemption of bonds with a face value of $107 million.
Sheriff's deputies said the four were on their way to Fort Hunter Liggett, where maneuvers are in progress.
If enacted, the realignment would be implemented over 10 years.
Now you put a tight end on the other side and you assure yourself of stopping his penetration.''
11 FEATURES A WRITER'S FIRST READERS.
In fact, according to several political analysts, the larger parties regarded the new system as a way of consolidating their already considerable hold on Parliament.
According to an army statement, the police arrived at the school this morning to enforce the eviction and were greeted by a large crowd of angry Shiite demonstrators, who shouted curses at them and blocked the streets leading to the school with trunks of palm trees, wrecked cars, large boulders and broken door frames.
''The producer is not there to supply the whims and fancies of the short-term speculator.''
Why would anyone want to repair a 27-year-old toaster?
The consensus is, then, that the look of ballet companies has indeed changed in the last 30 years and can be attributed to the new generation's physical height, a change in the repertory and choreographers' style and a corps de ballet selected by new artistic directors to suit their own specifications.
Hospital for Joint Diseases Orthopedic Institute, 301 East 17th Street.
Mr. Pike's presence at Berkeley, where he is setting up a two-million-page archive on Indochina, is testament to Vietnam's having quietly made the transition from controversial public issue to history.
A verse that appeared in the article conveyed the pathos of gang members spending their days terrorizing, maiming, even murdering one another and innocent citizens: ''You walk with your friends so big and bad/ But deep inside you're really sad.''
Ali Shams Ardahani, the Iranian Ambassador here, has denied that his country was involved in the attacks.
They are offered in 37 states, according to the National Commission on Excellence in Education.
A collection of tie pins with the ends cut off can make an unusual brooch.
Cairo newspapers have reported the arrest of members of extremist Palestinian groups sent to Egypt on sabotage missions and attempts to kill moderate Palestinians here.
The offerings originate largely, though not entirely, in the Middle East and the Orient.
Meanwhile, back in New York, ICF Inc., the to-the-trade furniture showroom, had just begun importing Josef Hoffmann reproductions.
They were part of the clamor that surrounds the one-day turnarounds made by the Queen Elizabeth 2 from the Cunard pier at 53d Street.
Baldwin-United, which said it would get $100 million in cash from the sale, also said it had received $77.5 million as prepayment of a promissory note from Daniel K. Ludwig, the entrepreneur and industrialist.
Getting There The first trick is to get into the city from the airport at Narita, 40 miles away.
Ground processing of the spaceship and its attached rockets took just 63 working days, as against 77 days for the best turnaround time for the first shuttle, the Columbia.
A funeral service will be held at noon tomorrow at the Riverside Chapel, Amsterdam Avenue and 76th Street.
The ads will begin to run in May in the top 10 markets, in metropolitan editions of the three news weeklies and Travel and Leisure.
For instance, you can use a newly introduced method of displaying two different pictures on a single mount by using the ''Soligor Creative Mounting Kit'' that is available from AIC Photo, Inc., Carle Place, N.Y. 11514.
Mr. Goukouni and Mr. Habre have displayed in recent years an implacable hatred for one another, fueled by a mutual hunger for power.
Robert Phillip Kolker attempts to fill the gap in his new book on foreign films, ''The Altering Eye.''
They will be comfortable only with a diet that takes such a predeliction into account, as I am.
So I sort of combined all three.
And Cuba tried vainly to have Puerto Rico designated a United States colony.
Routh, director of financial aid at Yale University, which began the program last summer.
At Frankfurt's International Auto Show in September he will demonstrate a Citroen station wagon with a Stelzer motor.
now, and we will pay back the loan next January on schedule,'' said Ed Garvey, executive director of the football players' union.
Only a few weeks after his release he stole a car in Staten Island and, in the holdup of a delicatessen in Bayonne, N.J., shot to death the store's owner, Stephen F. Sladowski.
Probable lineup: 1b, Stapleton; 2b, Remy/ Valdez; ss, Hoffman; 3b, Boggs; lf, Rice; cf, Armas; rf, Evans; c, Gedman/Allenson/ Newman; dh, Yastrzemski.
''There is a new expressionist mode, especially in Italy and Germany, spread throughout Europe, that has become unquestionably the dominant factor in contemporary art.''
The Richter scale is open-ended, and an increase of one point represents a tenfold increase in ground motion.
Many fly fishermen are highly conscious of the heritage of their sport.
He was granted several patents for his designs for light structural steel.
When the Fullers exchanged their vows, the Five Towns were just beginning to boom.
Above: a donkey with whooping cough by Alexander Calder from ''Three Young Rats and Other Rhymes'' (1946).
But even as the cooking changes it never strays far from what its foremost exponent, Paul Prudhomme, calls the ''holy trinity'': onions, celery and green peppers, always called bell peppers.
''Here,'' said the man, pulling a typed film script from inside his warmup suit and thrusting it into Mr. Stoddard's hands.
The Bulls made it 110-107 when Dailey hit a fast-break lay-in with 39 seconds remaining.
In the state-owned company's fiscal year ended in March 1980, its loss was equivalent to $4.23 billion.
Answer: Harry Michelson, general counsel to the Rent Control Division, says it is possible you could remain after your friend's death.
Shades are not hard to install and generally need little maintenance.
It stars Charlton Heston as Moses and Yul Brynner as Rameses in a cast that also includes Edward G. Robinson, Yvonne DeCarlo, Anne Baxter and Cedric Hardwicke.
Its importance goes far beyond the Fassbinder career, though we must now reevaluate that career in light of ''Berlin Alexanderplatz,'' a 1980 work that has the effect of being the coda we did not see in Fassbinder's final film, the lamentable ''Querelle.''
And they're causing a lot of needless trouble.
If 51 percent is achieved, any nonbuying tenant can elect to buy at the insider price or to vacate, taking a payment of 24 times his current monthly rent.
The only exceptions were for children up to the early teens, who could receive as many presents as their parents and grandparents felt like handing out.
Each Wednesday through Aug. 3, free crafts workshops are held in the lacy shade of the honey locust trees beside the waterfall in the Exxon Building plaza, west of the Avenue of the Americas between 49th and 50th streets.
The best source for moist, richly flavored carrot, chocolate or banana cakes, mellow honey cakes and special kosher desserts for the holy day, including Sacher tortes, walnut tortes, brownie pies and pumpkin chocolate-chip cakes as well as hallah, is Levana's, a handsome bakery and cafe at 148 West 67th Street (877-8457).
He pitched last season at Tidewater, where he won 11 games, lost seven, saved 10 and was named the best relief pitcher in the International League.
The aluminum futures contract would be the first of its kind in North America.
He has been held at the Metropolitan Correctional Center on a criminal information charge and is scheduled for a preliminary hearing June 16.
In this improved combination, it was used experimentally during the 1982 gypsy moth suppression season in New Jersey, Connecticut and Pennsylvania, and has been effective in providing foliage protection in the 86 percent to 94 percent range.
They were acting within the scope of personal gain, or to shield them personally from liability or discipline, but to protect what they believed to be the interests of the United States Army and the United States Government.
Of the recent attacks on American, French and Israeli servicemen, we may ask: Who would benefit if Western forces were pushed out of Lebanon, indeed out of the Middle East altogether?
Mr. McPherson denied that contention.
If this thought falls on other ears as it did on mine, with a dull thud, then one quickly looks down the pages to Pope, then to Blake (the section is called ''Definitions''), or flips over to the 17th-century English dramatist James Shirley and his great lyric beginning ''The glories of our blood and state / Are shadows, not substantial things.''
A. D. Wood, a vice president-managing director of A.T.& T. International in Saudi Arabia, wrote an eloquent tribute in a recent employee newsletter entitled, ''Who's Going to the Next Fire?''
and Taconic Road Runners Club, the event last year drew runners from the age of 9 to 59.
Winter is only around the corner.
You do not have to prepay, however.
According to some Shoreham commission members, the panel will recommend that Mr. Cuomo not draw up a state emergency plan.
I think he maybe got a bit careless.
Mr. Wallenstein's wife, Virginia, a pianist whom he married in 1924, preceded him in death, and they had no children.
Almost half comes from other third-world nations, and the rest from the industrialized lands.
Little-Noticed Event Fewer than 1,000 people turned up, and for the mass of Londoners the event passed completely unnoticed.
''It was recognized that this gave the state sort of a handle on the process that it didn't have before,'' he said.
This focus upon individual rights echoes the legal contention the Justice Department raised in seeking yet another Federal ruling on the legality of a Detroit police department affirmative-action plan (twice upheld in Federal court).
At least twice her colleagues have interrupted the proceedings here to accord her a standing ovation.
Frank J. Fahrenkopf Jr., the new Republican national chairman, reports that this source of party income fell about 15 percent in January and February, adding that the falloff was understandable because ''people don't have that much disposable income.''
It is revealing that the article quotes ''several environmentalists'' as saying they ''feared'' that the doubt cast on the research ''would prompt automobile companies to ask for a relaxation'' of the regulations.
17 Ltd. filed an offering of 350,000 limited partnership units at $100 per unit.
Thus each section of Mr. Jasinski's work featured two dancers personifying a particular season and these couples were surrounded by decorative ensembles, the able soloists and the seasons they represented being Sheila Mello and Marc Hughes, winter; Miss Naranjo and Luciano Gomez, spring; Melissa Hale and Matthew Bridwell, summer, and Cynthia Crews and Timothy Fox, autumn.
The budget reductions in fiscal years 1981, 1982 and 1983 were nowhere near 30 percent.
At Coney Island, he caught beach belles and muscle men strutting their stuff; on 14th Street, bouncy office clerks flaunting the latest from S. Klein; at the New Gotham burlesque house, a lusty stripper parading nude before a leering audience.
I speak of ''parenting,'' of ''bonding,'' of sound ''inter-personal relationships'' and of the need for assertiveness training, retraining and retooling.
He started only two games last season.
He was selected as the A.F.C.
The nationwide average price for natural gas is currently close to $3 per 1,000 cubic feet.
''You can't keep that up indefinitely,'' he said.
After I tasted a slightly revised version (a little less sugar, a little more almond extract and some ground almonds added to the batter), I had second thoughts about all the other old recipes I had thrown away.
(He had little faith in the backbone of judges.)
This is the more suprising coming from two intelligent and thoughtful writers who aim in their book for a subtle examination of the character and prospects of the American family.
Yesterday's agreement requires regulatory approval.
Lord Rayner, 57, will add the chairman's duties to those of his present job of chief executive when he succeeds the present chairman, Lord Sieff, next July.
Others in that group are Phog Allen of Kansas and Ed Diddle of Western Kentucky.
''I better name them all,'' Shula said, laughing, ''or they'll be mad and think, 'Well, you didn't vote for me, so now I'll show him.'
To be able to use those fragments, as distinct from just looking at them, is an experience to treasure.
The Presidential spokesman also said Mr. Clark had dealt with such issues as land management, water rights and Indian tribal rights from 1973 to 1981, when he was an Associate Justice of the California Supreme Court.
But in a nation where all public demonstrations are controlled, the Government also played a role.
Accordingly, it is not unusual for regattas like Block Island Race Week or Antigua Race Week to develop into bacchanalian free-for-alls.
But at yesterday's court hearing, United States District Judge Morris Lasker said the receivership order and the posting of the bond - which would be between $3 million and $4 million - would not go into effect until Dec. 27 to give the carrier, LAN Chile Airline, time to appeal.
It leads initially to an evocation of his father's conduct and oddities, a reconstruction made of remembered scraps and impressions.
He testified she sent it to him after he hired a lawyer to get her out of a psychiatric treatment center where her children had committed her.
Although Mr. Cohalan's opposition to the newest evacuation plan had been expected, he had remained neutral while the County Legislature conducted eight days of hearings in Suffolk and afterward nd traveled to Pennsylvania to interview officials and residents about the accident at the Three Mile Island nuclear plant in 1979.
Celestial is testing its first television ads in six cities this spring.
My two favorite photography books among many were, at one extreme, The Klondike Quest: A Photographic Essay 1897-99, written and edited by Pierre Berton, designed by Frank Newfeld, with photographic research by Barbara Sears (Atlantic-Little, Brown, 239 pages; $39.95 until Dec. 31, $50 thereafter), which documents in engrossing text and atmospheric photographs what its author has called ''one of the strangest mass movements in history''; and at another extreme, Annie Leibovitz: Photographs, with an introduction by Tom Wolfe (Pantheon/Rolling Stone, unpaginated; $35), with its provocative, sometimes shocking portraits of those who might be said to have won the gold rush, from Liberace to the Rolling Stones.
Thomas Coffee, chief of the airport police, was under the impression that the plane had touched the runway.
''Think of Cro- Magnon people 50,000 years ago,'' Gould said.
The officials said the group had been attacking Moslem settlers.
Wednesday The lights on the mammoth Capitol Christmas tree will be turned on in a ceremony on the West Front.
Sales dropped 10.1 percent, to $706.7 million, from $785.8 million.
''A robot puts together the 30 connectors.''
That's always very sad to hear, to say I can't raise the money.
Now it should be easier with the new groupings.''
Miss Eggers said one or both of the reimbursement checks were found belatedly in the desk of the union's financial director, Florence Weaver, who was killed in a car accident in October.
The motion to overrule the ethics committee and increase the Crane and Studds penalties to censure was offered by Representative Robert H. Michel of Illinois, the Republican leader.
He shot 10 for 16 and scored 23 points.
It and a smaller female skeleton were found in 1976.
Whereas peonies and iris look good anywhere with their neat, attractive foliage.
Mattatuck Museum, Waterbury, $250,000 to support renovation and begin exhibition endowment.
Early yesterday, the Sun Company said it had cut the wholesale price for home heating oil by 1 cent a gallon.
Harvested from about the middle of March until sometime in May, Roman artichokes are arguably the best in the world - plump and tender, with a subtle nutty flavor and a heart that melts in the mouth.
Ninoy was convincing and the immigration officer let him go.
Heiner Geissler, the acid-tongued Youth Minister, lashed out at the opposition Social Democrats, accusing the leftward-drifting party of becoming a ''fifth column'' for Soviet propaganda against the American missiles that will probably be stationed in West Germany, beginning in December.
New charges of irregularities have been raised by a former employee against a waste disposal company that is under investigation in Connecticut.
A preliminary report by the National Transportation Safety Board cited wind shear, a sudden, violent change in wind direction, as the probable cause.
The settlement breakdown included $92.4 million for 67 death claims, $40.5 million for 1,021 personal injury claims and $2 million in property damage and business loss claims.
Some student aid officials, including many in the Middle Atlantic and New England states, report declines in borrowing, but most of their fiscal years end earlier than the Federal year.
If Klee found the formula, it's not apparent in the roughly 20 works -mostly gouaches - at the Marisa del Re Gallery, 41 East 57th Street, and it wasn't in the two large museum shows of the late 1970's.
''We think that it will wind up with a gain of between 17 to 20 percent and possibly more over last year,'' he said, adding that sales were strong in many departments, especially ready- to-wear apparel, accessories, intimate apparel and cosmetics.
The authors find it convenient, with a parking lot next door and hotels all around that are affordable.
Leading the parade was a drum and bugle corps from the North Bellmore (L.I.)
Last September, the State Supreme Court approved the practice for all 530 Municipal Courts in the state, according to a court official for Atlantic and Cape May Counties, Howard Berchtold.
Stone's wife, whom he met one day in the laundry room at college, is perhaps more understanding than most wives of the chronic ups and downs of the profession.
''We knew that question would be raised,'' Mr. Murphy said, ''but it's not our concern.''
The appellate court said that Mr. Williams had been ''fairly tried'' and that there was no ''legal infirmity'' either in his conviction or in that of his co-defendant, Alexander Feinberg.
She said the union still wanted an 8.6 percent raise.
And did further attention come because Miss Williams, a successful businesswoman, was killed in what seemed to be a random and senseless manner?
He settled in Stockholm 15 years ago and began coming back for extended visits in the last five years because, he says, ''New York City is the action center whence all the ripples move.''
The newspaper was published twice a week, on Sundays and Wednesdays, and was delivered free to about 75,000 homes in and around Albuquerque.
The Apache orphans are on hand as a reminder of the less pleasant aspects of American history.
The cooperative, made up of ranchers and dairy farmers, pays a fee for use of the land and maintains fields and fences.
He has pleaded not guilty to all the charges.
WE reported here recently that Trevanian, whose ''The Summer of Katya'' is No.
Two of the wounded were reported to be students who were shot when security forces opened fire with automatic weapons.
''I don't think Boston is a good course,'' de Castella said.
Significantly, Mr. Robbins has moved on to other ideas for his ballets.
The chancellor said he thought that, if any Americans or citizens of any country were hurt by the invasion, the President ''should be held accountable.''
Dollar Surges The dollar surged in Europe and the United States after extending declines in Tokyo, despite a cut in the prime lending rate announced by the largest United States banks.
's refusal to audit a publication's free circulation.
Whatever the complicated, layered reasons for this, it is clear that suicide, no matter how poorly understood, is a serious subject.
''I don't play for Mazzei; I play for the Cosmos,'' Cabanas said.
The cougar's loss would be unwelcome, but the park did have a population of about 40.
''We're not building a community, we're not trying to change what is already here,'' said Nuridin Durkee, explaining what he and his nonprofit educational and religious organization, Dar al Islam, are hoping to accomplish.
Conservatives were also irritated by what they saw as Mr. Papandreou's attempt to distract Greeks from their economic problems.
''Because during the next 40 years, you will struggle to solve those problems that still cause you anxiety,'' he said.
The minute you get water inside, you lose your insulation dramatically.
Again, Matuszek brought Sutter off the mound to the right.
Now, the name rolls on the screen, somewhat below others in the movie like Dan Aykroyd, Ralph Bellamy, Don Ameche, Jamie Lee Curtis and Bo Diddley.
The Nissan Motor Company, which has been considering building a plant in Britain since January 1981, said it hopes to make a decision by the end of this year.
Instead, the United States would agree that some missiles could be deployed outside Europe.
Referring to Mr. Helms, Mr. Reagan said he didn't ''fault his sincerity'' in wanting the files opened up.
Tickets are $8.50 to $18.
He said the answers had not been approved by all of the commission members.
No Beer for Bradley Throughout his career as a professional athlete and public official, Senator Bill Bradley has scrupulously avoided any endorsement of commercial products, expressed or implied.
Mobil spent $1.2 million for the television rights to the play, more than $3 million to buy the time from stations, and more than $1 million in advertising and promotion.
One advantage of planting at this time of year, the weather is cooler and it is pleasanter to be outside without debilitating heat and humidity.
To reduce this kind of exposure, the counselors frequently advise their clients to sell off some of their holdings at the initial public offering, and put the proceeds in conservative, diversified investments.
She graduated from Newton College of the Sacred Heart.
King's attorney, Sy Swerdlow, when asked if King would have trouble producing the money in 24 hours, replied, ''I don't think so.''
The statement said the largest Cuban contingent in Grenada consisted of 636 construction workers, with others working in public health, education, fishing, transport, trade, culture and communications.
Brewers 7, Red Sox 5 BOSTON (UPI) - Charlie Moore and Cecil Cooper doubled in runs in a four-run, ninth-inning rally by Milwaukee.
Admiral Thomas Moorer, the chief of the Joint Chiefs, thus compromised, was reappointed for a second term having now been caught out and ''preshrunk,'' in John Ehrlichman's term.
It is a dark and very spicy stew made with chunks of beef.
Thomas jumped up and said, ''I think I'd better be going now.''
Previously Moody's had stressed the strong legal backing for the bonds.
And in recent months some of the biggest sellers of the annuities have been phasing out its sales.
''We don't know what will come out of conference but we are optimistic.''
Mr. Lewis had hoped to have the project completed by his 70th birthday in 1965, but the work went slowly.
No racing people are likely to forget Secretariat.
The cost of servicing their debt rises $4 billion for each percentage point of American interest rates.
Some upstate towns with psychiatric hospitals might actually welcome the jobs that prisoners would create.
Charles Gellman, the hospital's president, said he would try to appeal the order but conceded that the odds were against him.
Reagan Told 10 Days Ago A White House official said Mr. Schweiker informed Mr. Reagan about 10 days ago of his desire to take the lucrative job as president of the life insurance association.
''That means mostly beans and rice, and U.S. workers don't like to eat like that,'' he said.
While the relievers Danny Darwin and Charlie Hough, the winning pitcher, were hurling shutout ball, the Rangers, who had trailed by 7-0, rallied and tied the game in the seventh.
Union sources said the leaders had also agreed to call a general strike, probably for Jan. 18, but that was not confirmed.
I think that's short-sighted at best.
In July 1982 the Army's judge advocate general said he would recommend that the Pentagon withhold defense contracts from these universities unless they let the Army recruit.
''Obviously, if we could find sites downstate, we would build there.''
Hagler, on the other hand, has been fighting professionally since 1973 and has not lost in seven and a half years against the best 160-pounders of at least two generations.
Farmers like Mr. Giedinghagen and Mr. Lewis, who put 10 to 50 percent of their normal wheat acreage under the paymentin-kind plan, will be given wheat equivalent to 95 percent of what they would have grown on that land.
Santiago comes from San Iago (Saint James) and Compostela comes from ''campo de la estrella'' - field of the star.
What did she want me to do?
Two Administration Positions In the New Orleans case, the Justice Department asked a Federal appeals court to throw out a court-approved plan that required the city to promote one black police officer for every white officer until blacks accounted for 50 percent of personnel in all ranks of the city's police force.
Of 225 priests in Honduras, for example, 175 are foreigners.
Lester B. Lave, professor of economics at Carnegie-Mellon University, points out that even under the most favorable economic conditions, cost-effective solar sources could supply no more than 20 percent of the nation's energy by 2010.
Mr. Waples, an assistant district attorney in Manhattan, declined to comment on Mr. Hochheiser's assertions.
The Islanders were unable to sustain offensive pressure and failed to finish off their better scoring chances.
This is the story of four fun-loving American teen-agers who head south of the border for a little excitement, traveling in a fancy red convertible.
Billy Carroll has no opportunity for a normal celebration of a normal goal because he has not scored a goal in 64 games this season.
They searched the boat, questioned passengers and took one young man into custody.
''My first serve is like 30 miles per hour slower than his,'' McEnroe said.
It's not hard to hear the rumor that somebody must have paid money to get FIFA officials to discourage the American and Canadian applications, but nobody offers specifics.
The present push for space underscores the city's ascendancy as the West's major business center as well as its importance as a trade and financing center for the Far East.
* Peoples Energy Corp. said its Gas Light Coke Co. unit had filed suit against the City of Chicago to restrain it from enforcing a new law that prohibits shutoffs of natural gas service to residential customers in the winter.
Under State Department pressure, Salvadoran forensic experts exhumed the body, but reported that it was that of someone shorter and older than Mr. Sullivan.
Today's events began this morning with a walk along the route of the subway by public officials, led by Mayor Richard Caliguiri; civic and business leaders, and some members of the public.
Spectators Head for Shore Once the race was finally abandoned, the spectator fleet, ranging from runabouts to hundreds of luxurious motor yachts and the U.S.S.
Florence Nelson, a City Opera flutist and the orchestra's elected leader, said the orchestra authorized a strike by a large majority, but that the players planned to report for rehearsals on Tuesday.
''The financial industry is changing here, and we are looking with very great interest at the way American banks transact their business,'' he said.
There is also a lot of empty space, which, along with the white upholstery, gives the Victorian mahogany frames sculptural impact.
Michigan Consolidated Gas Co.'s one million shares of $25 preferred stock was priced for sale with a $3.19 dividend to yield 12.76 percent, through Salomon Brothers Inc. * Norstar Bancorp Inc., based in Albany, filed an offering of 1.5 million shares of preferred stock, with a liquidation value of $50 a share, through Salomon Brothers.
''And they are accepted into temples'' for catering, he said, ''and that annoys me - I don't get that work.''
The exact number of properties will not be known until the day of the auction, according to Dr. Sal J. Prezioso, the City Manager.
She was followed by three models wearing white, red and black Mongolian lamb coats over sequined tops and trousers.
Fire is one way, according to Ann F. Lewis, political director of the Democratic National Committee.
The case ruled on yesterday, from Livingston County, prompted one of the court's few sharply divided votes this term and a stinging dissent by Judge Judith Kaye, its newest member.
I started wondering if he thinks I'm a flake after all the marital problems I had last year, or maybe he hates me for not using his equipment.
That light-heartedness never produces much charm, and it finally amounts to a considerable limitation.
Both are licensed to use the Libby name.
The Falkland campaign, the authors suggest, was ''essentially a small colonial war'' that cost Britain 255 killed and 777 wounded.
But Olivares, who will be 36 years old in January, is no longer a world-class fighter and it is unlikely that the Nevada State Athletic Commission would approve him as a suitable opponent for Mancini, the World Boxing Association 135- pound champion.
A case like this is shocking.''
The bill passed in the Senate, but after Mayor Dianne Feinstein of San Francisco organized a protest, it failed in the Assembly.
In interviews, the aides have said Mr. Pastora, like other Costa Rican-based rebels, is taking a gamble.
After several years with a Wall Street law firm, she became the first woman hired by the Westchester County Department of Law.
chairmanship, ''dealing with both public and private sectors on issues of major consequence with all three levels of government - state, local and Federal.''
Complex moral and ethical issues are involved: On what basis should decisions be made for or against prolonging the lives of severely deformed infants?
Warner, Va. AGAINST THE BILL - 46 Democrats - 29 Baucus, Mont.
But crowding at the other prisons made it difficult to send inmates on to them.
Today's protest was smaller than the previous two.
He has not had a smooth relationship with others at the company since Coca-Cola bought Columbia in January 1982.
When the labor trouble begins, Tiao manfully warns Maria that she'd better stay home, exhibiting just the kind of stubborn sexism this courageous heroine refuses to tolerate.
It did not identify the bidder, but Wall Street sources said the company was the Sedgwick Group of London.
The tiny dining room is bathed in pink with contrasting burgundy tablecloths secured by glass tops of a still darker shade.
QUESTION: A player in a National Hockey League game has a breakaway, and as he skates near the opposing bench, a player on the opposing team hops through the first door as a teammate leaps onto the ice through the second door and cleanly stops the Team A player with the puck.
Women, I suppose, are lucky in one sense.
Joiner's perfect game almost happened Dec. 11 in San Francisco.
Wassaf Fattal, a businessman here, said the group, the Higher Coordinating Committee of Tripoli, had been summoned to Damascus by Rashid Karami, a former Lebanese Prime Minister who began trying to find a peaceful solution to the Palestinian conflict soon after the factions began fighting more than three weeks ago.
''Karl does the numbers best.
Rocky's Boots is an electronic Erector set of the mind that leaves the player surprisingly well-grounded in the basic logic concepts underpinning today's computers.
Starling, of Hartford, is ranked No.4 by the World Boxing Council and has a 29-1 record.
Telephone calls to the headquarters of both McDonald's and Burger King seeking comment went unanswered today.
It is, true, a choreographic miniature.
Assisting Mr. Lichtenstein are Joseph V. Melillo, the festival's coordinator, and Roger W. Oliver, the festival's humanities director.
The call, which allows a holder to buy the underlying stock at a set price of 20 until the March expiration date, jumped from 1/8 to 4 3/4.
''I decided very early to back out on the Presidency.''
Schulman purchased about one- third of the team when it was formed in 1967.
TO THE LIVING SECTION:In the first of her two articles on Alzheimer's disease (''Personal Health,'' Nov. 23), Jane E. Brody said that we know little more about the disease today than we did soon after its discovery 75 years ago.
Congressional critics of the Administration policy said the denial left the new agents at a disadvantage in dealing with organized crime.
He did not report the income to his A.D.C.
The Need to Fight Against Protectionism As we work together for recovery, we must be on guard against storm clouds of protectionist pressures building on the horizon.
The little girl survived the fall.
She received a master's degree in business administration from New York University.
Illustrated with photographs and maps.
Bank officials said it remained unclear what management changes, if any, would be made following the merger.
There are indeed prisoners so contemptuous of life or so deranged by the stress of death row that they instruct defense counsel to let their executions proceed.
''It's much more active than third, and I'm really into the game.''
''They were very supportive and made me feel welcome.
He was arrested when the plane landed in Miami, officials said.
''Whenever you attempt structural reforms in Government, you are vulnerable to charges of being heartless,'' one Administration official said, rejecting the charges in the case of Mr. Reagan.
Each of us had to be captain in a rapid.
There is no admission charge for the 4:30 P.M. performance, which will be conducted by P. Ruisi.
Mr. Hahn of the Automobile Club of New York said it would ''perpetuate the unsound highway financing policies that have allowed New York's roads and bridges to fall into ruins.''
The keel has unique delta-shaped wings on either side that weigh more than one ton each, making the boat exceptionally stable and improving upwind performance.
There are kind and honest people everywhere, but it is sad that we are so surprised to hear about them - especially in New York.
But then Graham chipped within 2 feet to start the birdie run on the No.
In a move that may have more effect in Congress than in El Salvador, the Constituent Assembly in San Salvador voted an amnesty to guerrilla fighters who turn themselves within 60 days.
These are then transcribed into daily notes by a secretary.
How's that for high-level gossip?
Dernier raced down the line and belly-flopped in with the winning run, far ahead of Bailor's throw to the plate.
The store was dark and unlocked when the police entered, and Mr. Schwartz's body was found in the rear of the large showroom, Chief Delaney said.
In 1969 a copy of the Declaration sold at Samuel Freeman & Company, a Philadelphia auction house, for $404,000.
Readers are invited to ask questions concerning any aspect of sport - statistics or strategies, rules or records.
Specialists are often hundreds of miles away; a cardiology consultation may require hours of driving.
Some reformers have suggested that we allow two months of missed child-support payments before triggering wage withholding.
Account to Chiat Chiat/Day, New York, has won a major corporate advertising assignment from the General Electric Company.
Liquid refreshments, a bathing suit and a sun hat should be brought along.
Mr. Baender notes that Mark Twain was careful to maintain propriety of content and narrative language, even elevating the narrator's diction: ''For 'here & there' he substituted 'hither & thither,' stolen became 'purloined' and 'weaklings' replaced the vernacular 'softies.'
Some are the results of insurgent action, but most are from disease, food poisoning and training and traffic accidents.
Jean Noe, the Agence France-Presse correspondent who had been asleep at a narrow counter along the wall, was awake and calling someone.
They were sort of thrown together: One month into the big leagues, the rookie was striking out frequently and was batting .167.
In 1980, the event's first year, there were 140 entries and a purse of $64,000.
''In the 1980's, we're seeing the high-technology niche-seeking entrepreneurs in Japan,'' observed Kenichi Ohmae, managing director of McKinsey & Company in Tokyo.
Twenty-two people were arrested Wednesday night during raids on 27 massage parlors and nightclubs in the city.
The principal food here is yams and cassava paste, and some fish, but not enough to provide local children with the protein they need, in a country with an infant mortality rate that limits life expectancy to 40 years.
In his preface, the author, who is professor emeritus of history and social science at Southern Oregon State College, predicts that judgments of the Johnson Presidency ''may well swing back and forth in the decades to come'' and expressed hope that his book ''will help at the very least to shorten such swings in the pendulum of appraisal and thereby hasten consensus.''
Ask for the squid in black bean sauce even though it's not on the menu.
Men who thought of themselves as men deserving respect met at the White House.
Add pork pieces and sear over medium-high heat until they are lightly browned on both sides.
At today's annual meeting in Kansas City, Mo., however, the stockholders will decide whether they like Odyssey's idea.
Mr. Interbartolo, the architect-developer responsible for two completed renovations, conversions of two old school buildings into housing -had been unable to come up with financing arrangements the city liked.
''I got it at our street fair at 48th and Second Avenue,'' he explained.
From 1976 to 1980 he helped direct a major study at the laboratory on what the most effective and environmentally acceptable energy technologies for the world would be from 1980 to 2020.
''We're in this for the long term,'' Mr. Eger said, explaining that the venture will give CBS an opportunity to evaluate China's television-viewing audience.
The $6.5 billion of notes auctioned yesterday was a record large sale for that maturity, but was just the first stage of a three-part financing this week totaling $14.5 billion.
We know that Marshall has to get a four-year course at Harvard in one spring.''
When Richard Todd woke up this morning he discovered that he has a severely strained groin muscle that could inhibit him next Sunday against the Baltimore Colts.
Mr. Moross went to Hollywood in 1940, and for several years supported himself as an arranger and orchestrator, collaborating with Aaron Copland (on the score for ''Our Town''), Franz Waxman, Hugo Friedhofer and others.
The State Department official, Edward J. Derwinski, the department counselor, will tell Chilean leaders they risk being the ''odd-man out'' in relations with Washington after Argentina's elections on Sunday, according to one United States official.
The disputes, said to focus on specific work rules like split shifts and night differential pay, will keep all members of the largest union, the Comlunications Workers of America, on strike until all 34 local pacts are settled, union president Glenn E. Watts said.
The Japanese auto companies do not just use automation as a tool: They revel in it.
A charismatic fellow under any circumstances, Mr. Pacino may not disappoint his fans with the energetic, fastidious star turn he is serving up at the Booth.
But the President yesterday, it seems to me, laid all such speculation to rest.''
THERE may be no ideal kitchen, but there are general rules about its efficient organization and maintenance.
The post of executive director has been held previously by three leading churchmen and most recently by Bishop Edwin B. Broderick, who will join the board overseeing the aid agency.
The British pound sank in trading in the United States to close at $1.4543, down from $1.4574 on Monday.
How far are they willing to go in giving to government their prerogatives as parents?
A spokesman for the F.B.I.
And herein lies their great mystery.
A major case involving management and sales problems in this new market surfaced last spring when the Attorney General interceded on behalf of rental tenants as well as individual investors at the Glen Oaks Village cooperative conversion in Glen Oaks, Queens.
Mr. Reagan has refused to comply with the War Powers Resolution.
One of the best-known Italian bicycle manufacturers recently opened a store adjacent to its warehouse in Milan that designs custom bicyles and sells beautifully designed accessories to go with them.
But Mr. Hirschfield flatly denied all the rumors swirling about Fox.
Sprinkle with flour and stir.
Demands for Discounts Paperback industry executives say, however, that profits have been squeezed by rising paper costs and demands for discounts by retailers and wholesalers.
''Since the creation of the United Nations, there has never been a condemnation of the assassination of one Jew, never a resolution to condemn any of the massacres against our women and children, our diplomats, our athletes, never a condemnation about the bombings of synagogues, the killings of Jews,'' he said.
That's what it should have been.''
Although he s tressed that he had "no intention" of remaining in his party p osition, he also rejected comparisons between himself and the NassauC ounty Republican leader.
Moreover, in order to end the crisis, the Governor has promised the Democrats in writing that he will not make deeper cuts in order to raise money to pay the deficit.
If that's all Congress can do, let it lift the moratorium and set the I.R.S.
In 1982, 800,000 acres in Connecticut were defoliated.
The probability greatly increases in smokers and those exposed to cigarette smoke.
The law sets out a complex processing procedure.
Two Main Issues According to participants at the closed meeting, Mr. Regan held firm on two main issues.
Jeff Hostetler, West Virginia's senior quarterback, had been averaging 200 yards passing a game, but managed only 166 on 16 completions in 29 attempts.
A pastor being sued by his congregation because he refuses to be dismissed led a service in church today while the man chosen to replace him presided over separate worship in the basement.
''That's what makes it an audience play.
''The easy issues, like desegregation in the workplace and equal pay for equal work, are pretty much behind us now.
'Like a 16-Burner Stove' Once headed by Francis Scott Key, Mr. Harris's office, scattered over several floors of the Federal and the Superior Court buildings, has about 200 lawyers, making it one of the largest law offices in this city of lawyers.
That's stuff and nonsense, like comparing night and day.
Among those who fully embraced the idea of affirmative action was Judge A. Leon Higginbotham Jr., of the United States Court of Appeals for the Third Circuit in Philadelphia.
Topping the list was Robert Gwydir, then the college president, who had been a staff member since the two-year school was founded in 1960.
''Time after time they have said, like President Reagan said, that they wanted to get the Government off the backs of the Indians,'' Mr. DeLaCruz said in an interview.
Most recipes for stuffed vine or grape leaves recommend using the bottled leaves.
The mythology of teacher-student relationships is a rich one, and every music biography has its early chapter on these encounters - how an undisciplined child named Franz Liszt met the literal-minded, pedantic Czerny, how Martin Krause in Berlin both inspired and terrorized his young pupil Claudio Arrau, how Beethoven, unsatisfied by his studies with Haydn, sought training from others on the sly.
The survey concluded that 10 percent of the Puerto Ricans in the study suffered from asthma and that 38 percent of the Puerto Rican households had at least one member who had asthma.
Also contributing to the stock market advance was the Government's report on Friday that retail sales rose 2.1 percent in May, a further indication that the economic recovery was gaining strength.
A one-pound, two-ounce container, with especially attractive graphics, is $12.50 plus $1.50 shipping.
The next step is to have corporations communicate directly to us by the computer.
IN their pristine state, bonds are relatively simple, easily analyzed and stable investments.
In a press release, American Leisure's president, Nathan Jacobson, said a major change last month in the corporate structure of Southern Sun's parent company, South African Breweries, had led to an end to the talks about a partnership agreement.
Negotiations will resume today on a new contract, to replace one that expired Jan. 1.
In March, People's signed a purchase agreement with Braniff to buy 37 used Boeing 727's over the next two years.
Mr. Grieser said the bank was planning an advertising campaign, to begin Sept. 28, ''but we don't want to tell the competition at this point what we're planning.''
LARGE DEFICITS, FALLING INTEREST RATES: It is not unusual for interest rates to decline when deficits are high during a recession or at the beginning of a recovery.
The Administration seems undeterred by the criticism.
It's also more difficult for a woman traveling alone,'' Katia adds.
They did not have the involvement in the case to enable Mr. Shapiro to characterize the lawyer's thinking and strategies.
You need much more people and technical support.
''Patients suffering from specific phobias,'' said Dr. Liebowitz, ''seem to do very well with behavior therapy,'' which attempts to condition phobics to certain feared objects by gradual exposure to them.
Chris Evert Lloyd beat Andrea Jaeger, 6-3, 6-1, and Mima Jausovec of Yugoslavia beat Jo Durie of Britain, 3-6, 7-5, 6-2, today to set up the women's final at the French Open tennis championships.
In addition to the usual power accessories, there are electrically operated sideview mirrors, a central locking system that operates all the locks with the key in either of the front doors, and an automatic load leveler.
A girl who is a drug addict enters the picture, there is a murder, and Walker finds himself helping the murder suspect.
''This was one of the first cutbacks in our history,'' he said.
Off work he hangs out in Mary's Bar and Grill consuming endless beers and wrangling with his fellow meter reader, Joe Flushing Avenue, before going home to a carefully chosen program of the most mindless shows and reruns he can locate on evening television.
The reassessment by Mr. O'Neill, a Massachusetts Democrat, coupled with remarks earlier this week by the House minority leader, Robert H. Michel, an Illinois Republican, appeared to reflect a shift in Congressional sentiment away from Reagan Administration policy in Lebanon.
Fort George, later renamed Fort Ticonderoga, was a key bastion in the fight between the British and the French for supremacy in North America.
Bear in mind that although all the places listed in the chart are recommended as representing good value, European residential standards are different from those in the United States, especially in, say, the now exquisite cottages that were originally built to house farm laborers.
The source denied a published report that Mr. Getty wanted to sell all of Getty's oil reserves and create a royalty trust, which would increase income for the family trust that he controls.
The fun is in the hunts, especially the so-called shoot-outs when rival firms compete for the right to conduct an important search.
''The financial and emotional squeeze of a lemon car,'' he declared in April 1982, ''must be put on the manufacturer, where it belongs.''
By 1 P.M. yesterday, the speed limit of 20 m.p.h.
Scientists are now attempting to determine whether the PAD and PENCIL can be adapted to display information in graphic or pictorial form.
It was the first Administration acknowledgment that aid was being given to groups whose purpose was to challenge the Sandinist regime.
The problems arising from today's world economic situation (and the crucially important role of the I.M.F.)
''They'' being all the other people who had established themselves in their careers.
Every forecast points to a slide from the party's current majority of 286 seats.
Gray (D) N Y N 3.
Reaction to the plan has been favorable at both NASA and the White House.
William Philips, a Washington securities lawyer and chairman of the American Bankers Association committee on Federal regulation of securities, said the changes in the agency's registration provisions ''are the products of efforts begun by Harold Williams, and simply bore fruit during the Shad administration.''
By raising the threshold, we should be able to reduce the number of suits and the amount of money that insurance companies must pay to victims of minor accidents and to their lawyers.
All too often, a private decision to break up a family causes a public burden in the form of women and children on welfare.
What General Pinochet can do to speed this effort is give the thwarted opposition more hope for democratic change, and assure the rest of the world that he is not toying with the quack populism of default.
The general manager of the Giants, George Young, said that Kinard had accepted a series of oneyear contracts.
The agency said the new rules might apply to federally chartered banks as well as the state-chartered banks it normally oversees.
Most of their last seven opponents have done that.
Year-ago third quarter results include a gain equal to 13 cents a share from the sale of land.
Moisten the meats and the vegetables with a little of the hot broth.
Over the past year, interest has grown in administering female hormones such as Depo-provera to treat men who have a a history of sexual abuse, to control and diminish their sexual drive.
The paper uses many color photographs, illustrations and charts and carries a variety of pithy news articles and features.
The United States Embassy in Paris inquired today, officials said, and French officials confirmed the report.
He has made bronze figures whose lines were inspired by Martha Graham, especially her ''Lamentations.''
''The other hitters enjoy watching him,'' Bobby Valentine said later.
So, despite the impressive array of arguments in favor of tangential tracking, the final verdict is still out, and most companies cover their bets making both kinds of turntable.
But traces linger, with riders such as Mullins.
Mr. Patey's is what amounts to a carefully designed nonperformance.
Wednesday's program will take place in the Student Center on the Rider College campus.
We know we are in the land of legend when we see a king who wears his crown at all times, perhaps even to bed.
''We have no doubt that repeal would exacerbate the networks' monopolistic control over television program production and distribution,'' said Alan Horn, chairman of Embassy Communications, an independent producer, at a press conference yesterday in Washington.
Opponents Holdings Cited Mr. Waxman believes that although his campaign contributions to colleagues undoubtedly helped, they did not fully explain his victory.
Many Hispanic elected officials had already committed their support to announced candidates, he said, adding that he feared that their unwillingness to drop those prior commitments might be misinterpreted.
''I don't have time for a job,'' he said.
For the fiscal year ending April 30, Value Line estimates that Service Corporation will earn $2.15 a share, up from $1.86 the previous year.
To date, those commitments remain unfulfilled.
Members of Local 802 of the American Federation of Musicians continued to picket yesterday at the New York State Theater, with no progress reported in settling the labor dispute between the New York City Opera and its striking orchestra.
Neil waited two and a half hours between flights in Atlanta.
He was struggling early in the 1981 season when a photo of him with Rod Carew and Fred Lynn was put up on the Angels' scoreboard as a reminder that, during their careers, each had been voted the American League's most valuable player.
The commission, led by President Ford's national security adviser, Brent Scowcroft, urges stuffing 100 MX missiles with 1,000 warheads in existing Minuteman silos.
Mr. McGuire said one reason the operating companies' ratings were lowered was that after divestiture, they would no longer have the backing of their parent and their financial health would become more dependent on politically oriented state regulators.
The issue was discussed in a hearing of the Arms Control subcommittee of the Senate Foreign Relations Committee.
''Lacking receipt of a viable reinstatement plan by that date, we anticipate proceeding with the foreclosure action,'' Stephen May, assistant secretary of the housing agency, wrote in a letter to Senator Daniel Patrick Moynihan in March.
The divisions provide services throughout the United States, Canada, Britain and the Netherlands.
In punchy line drawing and lurid color, he trivializes political concern through cartoony depictions of junkies, a gang rape in prison and other tabloid events.
Sales of equity mutual funds should grow dramatically.''
One is a Soviet book containing three of his novels translated into Russian.
Allan J. MacEachen, the Canadian Minister of External Affairs, said at a news conference on Monday that he had ''absolutely no evidence'' to show that the United States or its Caribbean allies in the invasion of Grenada had blocked Canadian rescue plans so that these would not interfere with the military landings then being prepared.
The loss of one would diminish them all.''
Thick was a teacher with ''wonderful qualities.''
Marine insurance is available, usually at a rate of $15 per $1,000 coverage.
Only in recent years have the two houses of Congress engaged fulltime chaplains, expanding their duties far beyond opening prayers and part-time ministry.
''But I never fathomed what would happen.
The Elements Gallery at 14 Liberty Way is open from 10 A.M. to 5 P.M. Tuesday through Saturday.
The Norlin Corporation announced that it had signed a definitive agreement to acquire the Ticor Print Network, a Los Angeles-based provider of financial, corporate, commercial and securities printing, from a unit of the Southern Pacific Company for $75 million in cash, plus an adjustment for 1983 earnings.
Although the Thruway Authority's bond sale - which would have been used to repair highways in the state - was separate from that contemplated by the U.D.C., the lawsuit was a significant enough development to delay the Thruway Authority's sale.
Governor Cuomo has said the city's list is excessive and has sought to reduce it.
For the third time, Steinbrenner might have added.
Unions 'Asking for a Lot' The unions, said Charles Dynes, A.T.& T.'s director of public relations, ''are asking for a lot this time.''
''The Japanese just do a lot of little things right.
The driver, Gerald Gerlock Jr. of Atco, was named in a four-count indictment.
If he makes no attempt to avoid the pitch, it is a ball.
Currently, Spoleto U.S.A. appears to be at a crossroads.
He knew of no similar Soviet complaints about American behavior, he said.
They're on a percentage basis.''
Although Mr. Ferguson pleaded guilty to the attempted robbery of an armored car in 1976, Mr. Berman said, that robbery was ''completely different'' from the Rockland County robbery.
Hotels The variety of accommodations ranges from large, convention-size hotels to small and elegant places.
''No leadership is emerging, and that is one of the most troublesome aspects of the whole mess,'' said Francis J. Ivancie, mayor of Portland, Ore.
And it is influence, not resemblance, that writes history.
The new novel by the South African author of ''Waiting for the Barbarians'' is a parable of a repressive country at war in which an unexpectedly intelligent simpleton - a mote in the dustheap of society - nobly endures.
''Death is final, I could live with that, but Scott was my only child and, well, I guess I'll wait and hope forever.''
But the Johnson Administration's about-faces in 1968 - stopping the bombing of North Vietnam and ending our troop escalation -had more to do with disaffection within the Government itself over how badly the war was going and its high costs, he asserts.
Miss Prentiss is called upon to do little more than be smilingly tolerant of the madness going on about her.
TORONTO If the Blue Jays finish only one game behind the Yankees this year as they did last year, they most certainly will be ecstatic.
Military spending will generate jobs.
Citing the impetus of ''warm and timely weather and an improving economy,'' Maurice Segall, president and chief executive, said the retail chain had achieved strong sales growth while effectively controlling expenses.
Rose, in that familiar mischievous crouch, drives a ball to left.
The Commerce Department had estimated earlier that inventories also declined 1.1 percent in November, and said that drop was the biggest in department figures dating from 1967.
Two teen-age girls had testified that Mr. Bova hit Mr. Turks with a stick.
The commission, named in January, was expected to report in about 10 days but whether Congress would change its mind is a ''tough call,'' according to an Administration official.
And as lead singer, Miss Amphlett has a delivery that's so peculiar it's irresistible.
Five American marines were wounded March 16 when a grenade was tossed at them from a second-story window.
Soviet reports on the campaign to eliminate Afghan resistance are fragmentary and weighted with propaganda.
Since Roosevelt, the Presidency has been won by a 4 (Dwight), a 6 (Franklin), an 8 (Harry), two 10's (John and Jimmy), a 12 (Lyndon) and two 18's (Ronald and Richard).
Allister Sparks, 50 years old, a correspondent for The Washington Post and The Observer of London, faces charges of breaking censorship laws by quoting a ''banned'' person in overseas publications.
Hyman Bookbinder, Washington representative of the American Jewish Committee, at the Commonwealth Club, San Francisco, March 25, 1983: The Jewish lobby should not and will not by itself determine American policy in the Middle East - or in any other area, domestic or foreign.
A senior Administration official said today that the Soviet Union had 351 SS- 20 medium-range missiles, with three warheads each, and that ''almost all potentially threaten Europe.''
Another explanation was the desire to forestall possible American intervention such as happened in 1974 with another sunken Soviet submarine.
However, funding for the Office on Domestic Violence - a meager $1.2 million - had come from and could continue to come from existing agency funds at the direction of the Secretary.
Shortly after buying the dealership, Mr. Jennings had 20 employees (not all salesmen) selling about 20 cars every month from a 1.5-acre lot.
The section, 50 by 50 feet, was in front of the seven-story brick building at 159-00 West Riverside Drive, near 157th Street, There were no injuries, the Fire Department said.
A bartender described in court yesterday how he discovered the body of a Federal witness in lower Manhattan last April 13 while walking his dog.
''That's Pete's life style,'' Dalton said.
But Chaminade, on its next possession, drove 63 yards in eight plays for the game-winner.
''Political influence operations are the most important but least understood of Soviet active measures,'' it said.
Spencer was waiting for the 6:20 train to Long Island, looking even more intense than usual.
Gay, who was born 68 years ago in Lizard Lake, N.C., came to Washington in the Depression to find Federal employment and worked as a soil scientist in the Agriculture Department until after World War II.
Nevertheless, the dollar continued its surge, closing at a nine- year high against the mark.
''I really come home in a real high.
The fund was established in 1912 by Adolph S. Ochs, publisher of The New York Times from 1896 to 1935, in response to reports of hardship and misery among New York's destitute families.
In 10 seconds, Howard shot back: Cyd Charisse, Get off that mantlepiece.
And one reading, involving Lewis Carroll's ''The Walrus and the Carpenter,'' is given a bit of animation in a scene that includes a batch of oysters.
Mrs. Fairchild once said she owed her longevity to good health, a good sense of humor and an ongoing interest in people.
He is back where he started life, in jail.
The Price Corporation gained 4 1/4, to 80, after reporting that its latest quarterly net rose to 29 cents a share, from 17 cents a year earlier.
The military leadership has said it would be ''happy to see'' a new party formed under the leadership of ''a respected retired general.''
James Stabile, a spokesman for the Department of Corrections, said Mr. Biegenwald would soon undergo psychiatric examination.
Stern and Mr. Ravitch nevertheless conclude, and I agree, that the 1979 decision to proceed on the project was correct.''
''Billy Martin, now he was a mediocre hitter,'' Carl Furillo says of the Yankee second baseman who batted .500 with a record 12 hits in the 1953 World Series.
The report of the National Committee on Social Security Reform is to be issued Jan. 15.
The richest, freshest, fruitiest tasting preserves in the European style can be made by using as little sugar as possible.
Says Team Is Balanced ''They're very balanced on defense and on attack,'' said Beckenbauer, who played for Hamburg for two years after he left the Cosmos in 1980.
''It's like Dick Gregory said, we were scared,'' said Mr. Harris, a black Virginian who had come here with a delegation from the United Automobile Workers.
THE PLACE IS JACKSON, Miss., and former Vice President Walter F. Mondale is here to deliver a speech from the front steps of the Mississippi Governor's mansion.
Big deficits when the private sector is trying to borrow to finance the recovery also drive up interest rates.
They have invented a means to produce oil and gas at the floor of the ocean through depths as great as 1,800 feet, and they have perfected a diving suit not requiring the days of compression and decompression needed with conventional suits.
The introduction of high-technology must be consistent with community, social, family and human needs.
''My heart was telling me I could, but my head was telling me it was nearly impossible,'' said Senator Bumpers, who is 57 years old.
One involves a romantic link between the colonel and a Lebanese woman.
Mr. Shamir said he would present the new American ideas ''in the next few days to the Government for discussion and decision.''
The Constitution, which provides for continued rule by Gen. Augusto Pinochet until 1989, was approved by two-thirds of the voters in 1980 when Chile was enjoying a boom.
Dawson and his colleagues consider the lack of development capital and the difficulty of enlisting enlightened managers two major impediments to the growth of worker co-ops.
Mr. Kluge and four of Metromedia's top executives, along with the investment firm of Boston Ventures Ltd. Partnership, plan to take the big communications company private by purchasing it for $1.6 billion.
In addition to the Cessna 404, Investair owns four other aircraft, according to public records.
The others charged were Israel Bilus, 53, an insurance broker from Manhattan and Alvin Donnelly, 35, described as a fugitive.
Both are from the late 30's, but the former is a harshly lighted closeup, the latter a low-contrast, fuzzily romantic bust shot.
Chief Schwartz said incidents of drunkenness and rowdyism had practically disappeared from a parade that had been plagued by such problems until last year.
Under the so-called consumption-based income tax, a person would essentially be taxed on what is spent.
This was long enough, official sources here indicated, for the South African representatives to make the point that Angola would be responsible for curtailing the military activities of the South-West Africa People's Organization if a cease-fire were to hold.
Renamed Peng Teng in May 1981, this spacious and attractive modern restaurant with its many comfortable private dining rooms still turns out some very good dishes.
Judge Flowers must approve the disclosure statement before it and other supporting documents can be mailed to the 80,000 creditors, secured and unsecured, in 10 different classes, who will have to vote on the proposal.
Three of the dates fell on holidays - Palm Sunday, Easter and Mothers Day.
And the effect on the practices of the lawyers who have joined Mr. Frickey's Network Affiliates has been nothing short of revolutionary.
Stuart D. Glass, 26, of Macon, Ga., is charged with fraternizing with her earlier this year when they were single.
President Reagan, however, rejected both the strategic arms agreement and the MX proposal, contending that they would leave the United States vulnerable.
Mr. and Mrs. Lawrence Edward Miller Jr. of Rochester have announced the engagement of their daughter, Eileen Refiye Miller, to Glenn William Creutz, son of Mr. and Mrs. F. William Creutz of Commack, L.I.
''We've been lacking confidence and positive feelings quite a bit this season,'' said Bourne.
But, as Mr. Pearson told the assembled guests: ''I knew there was something up when I came in today and Rudy said to me, 'Happy Birthday.'
However, the Libyan troops face problems.
''Well, you're doing fine,'' Mr. Cook told her.
'Interests in the Future' Taha Yasin Ramadan, First Deputy Prime Minister, recently asked foreign countries not to break economic ties with Iraq.
He was 99 years old and lived in New Milford and Manhattan.
The food will be allotted among the city's 50 or 60 food pantries.
Invariably, too, there are the multiple shadows that have been one of Mr. Pearlstein's trademarks almost since he began focusing on the human figure in the early 1960's; arbitrary cropping and over-life-size scale are others.
Initially, the refugees were thought to be members of the Tutsi tribe who were victims of purges by Rwanda's majority Hutus in the 1950's and 1960's and who fled then to Uganda.
Report Card: The Commission on Security and Economic Assistance, charged with examining all aspects of American foreign aid, issues its final report today.
This is the accumulation of sugar in the leaves and its conversion, through a chain of complex reactions, into a red pigment known as anthocyanin.
The MZ would be a simple, ''no frills'' ICBM designed to fire, reliably, on a few minutes' notice - the original goal of the ''Minute'' man, but a goal never realized.
In addition to the tender invitations for the offshore blocks, Mozambique is discussing concessions for onshore drilling in the north.
''We may have overlooked that an appeal makes sense,'' Gil Stein, the N.H.L.
Irma Rombauer, author of ''Joy of Cooking,'' he said, was more in tune with what he remembered from his Middle Western farm childhood than is Julia Child, the American guru of French cooking.
He got from them the end letter ''C'' and the numeral ''1,'' Lieutenant Richmond said.
*3*** COMPANY REPORTS ** View Full Article in Timesmachine »
That is still low compared to seat belt use in Britain - an estimated 95 percent of front-seat occupants - where buckling up has been compulsory since February.
Is the extra 1 percent of the G.N.P.
But the heart of the set was Jackie McLean's version of a standard, ''Old Folks.''
The Jets lost to the Pittsburgh Steelers, 34-7, in their last game at Shea.
What links them in my mind, at least, are the following considerations: Both appeared (or reappeared, in Miss Faithfull's case) in the late 70's, and both remain somewhat on the margins of contemporary rock fashions and commercial success.
''In our opinion, it is fitting that the Minister of Defense draw the appropriate personal conclusions arising out of the defects revealed with regard to the manner in which he discharged the duties of his office - and if necessary, that the Prime Minister consider whether he should exercise his authority'' under Israeli law.
Emslie expressed gratitude for Cooper's action, not so much for his being rehired as for his dismissal in the first place.
A new Louis Harris survey suggests that such timidity may be misinformed.
Mr. and Mrs. Jules T. Asch of @Jamesburg, N.J., have made known the engagement of their daughter, Barbara Jane Asch, to Jonathan Geoffrey Weiss, son of Mr. and Mrs. Burton J. Weiss of Skillman, N.J. A late August wedding is planned.
Chief Cormann said the reason there were so many cars in the eastbound lanes of Route 3 was that most of the workers in the Secaucus industrial complex had let their employees out early at just about the same time Friday afternoon.
Nothing is out of place.
Mr. Nosen was reported to have died Friday after an altercation with a 75- year-old patient.
''Sherod has proven he can play and contribute to a contender.
Still a considerable distance to the pin.
In his 20-minute speech, the President struck many themes that have become familiar elements of his campaign on schools, including the Administration's view that schools should not ''permanently segregate'' students with limited proficiency in English.
''I was under the impression that we would have a signed agreement at 9 this morning,'' Ferchill told The Associated Press.
After having severed the victims' heads, the militiamen rearranged them among the bodies.
Most of that lot belonged to Eastview 13 Klavern, probably the most violent urban Klan unit in the Deep South in this century.Eastview's members were involved in practically every major incident of racial violence in Alabama, from the beating of the Freedom Riders in 1961 to the murder of a white Detroit activist, Viola Gregg Liuzzo, at the time of the Selma march in 1965.
The needs aren't the same as they were in Peter Cooper's day.
Mr. Reagan clearly had changed his tone.
As Blake Morrison observes, ''Success in America is often penalized here.''
But the reason the market took yesterday's shift more seriously, several dealers said, was that it was taken as a signal that the banking system did not have the ample reserves on hand that was formerly believed.
It showed the earth's entire surface in a single flat view without the visible distortion on other maps.
The tone was earthier in ''Suite Pastorale,'' as a pair of ''noble peasants'' tried to picnic through the slapstick distractions of commedia dell'arte characters.
Have at hand a sharp knife (preferably a modest-size Chinese cleaver), a sharpening steel, a stock pot and suitable bowls for receiving the various parts.
''It has typically been sold at a premium of up to 20 percent over Tagemet.''
He died on April 16, 1982.
The decline of the Chicago archdiocese became an obsessive problem for the Vatican in the late 1970's, with some Curia officials openly expressing fears that it could sink into anarchy.
Needless to say, Mike does go to the party, where he finds Laura busily pushing the hors d'oeuvres because she has made too many cocktail franks.
I chose the latter, and though we're always broke, we've been helping people from Day One.''
But for most, it was easier to seek out journeyman foreigners.''
But the authorities still had to contend with Lech Walesa and the spirit - and maybe some substance - of the outlawed union Solidarity.
The action marked the first time that one of the Congressional intelligence committees had formally asserted what it considered its right to approve specific covert activities, according to a member of the committee.
A single regiment now, he points out, has the fire-power of a whole World War II army corps.
China and Israel, Mr. Levy said, were the only two of the world's few sources of the explosive that had actively sought his commercial interest.
The choices of the board have won over no more than token opposition since Walter P. Reuther assumed power of the union in the 1940's.
Shortly before the hearing ended, the committee chairman, Senator Charles H. Percy, Republican of Illinois, said he would not schedule a vote on Mr. Adelman's nomination until the Reagan Administration gave the Senate a timeta@ble for submission of two technical arms control treaties for ratification.
In any case, when Tuesday rolled around and it was time to set off to meet Ginger, I requested a printout.
Sutter came out of the scrap unscathed, but Crowder was bleeding near his eyes and his face was marked.
has threatened to shut an operating plant over the issue of emergency planning, but it seems unlikely to be the last, since plants at 36 other sites lack approved plans.
About 25,000 copies of the new paper were printed the first day.
Purchased Cortot Collection He studied music with Nadia Boulanger.
Many salons, however, limit outside work to longtime clients or discourage home visits by charging astronomical rates.
''It seemed like millions,'' said Mr. Cooper, who escaped with minor cuts.
But they all work better here as part of the group than they do individually, and Mr. Leach hasn't given them enough opportunity to intermingle.
After the race his trainer, John Campo, said the colt ''may be the best grass horse in America.''
The family moved later to Alabama, and he graduated with a degree in agriculture from Auburn University, where he also received a master's degree.
The pardon board voted 3-to-2 to deny Mr. Williams's plea for a life sentence.
The outlook is ''somewhat pessimistic.''
An article in Business Day July 21 reporting China's purchase of telephone equipment from a subsidiary of the ITT Corporation referred incorrectly to the United States position on the transfer of the technology involved.
These include, most recently, the ''Jupiter'' (Telefunken 6.42846 AZ), as well as Nos.
As Arab weapons and military tactics improve, Judea and Samaria become increasingly important to Israel's security and survival.
Administration officials said the program would help the Government manage its land holdings better, while releasing idle property to be sold and converted to uses that would result in increased local tax revenues and employment opportunities.
The utility charges among the highest rates in the nation, caused in part, the utility says, by the fact that nearly 21 percent of its operating revenue represents taxes levied by the city that Con Edison passes along to its customers.
It was televised without a hitch after a military crane had been flown in at great expense.
Patrick says he wants to improve his skills, and that he thinks that the schedule and level of competition of the Olympic team will help him do that.
The Northeast has just as big, or bigger, striped bass.
These requirements would give the city leverage over allowing a conversion to proceed.
Among the groups turned down was the Martha Graham Dance Company.
Mr. Kohl will be speaking from Bonn and Mr. Reagan from the White House auditorium.
* Smith International Inc., Newport Beach, Calif., has appointed Fred J. Barnes president, succeeding Jerry W. Neeley, who continues as chairman and chief executive officer.
Restaurant help becomes more and more unprofessional every year.
Polls, he said, do not take trends and registration changes into account or who will actually go to the polls.
''We even have problems now in Uruguay, and there are no blacks there,'' reports Bishop Kloppenburg.
It is not unusual for goaltenders to keep the same masks through numerous repairs and paint jobs.
''I know that this was one isolated, dramatic event that did more to publicize the sport than anything else,'' Miss Moss said, ''but I was nowhere near dying.
''The queue is the major cause of low productivity in the United States,'' he says.
CSX, based here, is the holding company formed by the November 1980 merger of two railroads, the Chessie System and Seaboard Coast Line Industries.
''We don't need two new bombers.''
Mr. Kissinger showed his impatience with laws and Congress and calls for restraint - and his lack of concern for the Cambodians - in many ways.
''The results are very negative for the Sandinists,'' an opponent of the Government said.
3 Treated for Fumes ''We consider ourselves very lucky,'' Mrs. Barton said.
And how, if it clings to Gaza and the West Bank, can it possibly absorb 1.4 million more Arabs without ceasing to be either Jewish or democratic?
He optimistically saw parallels in Ronald Reagan's presumed re-election announcement which, like Eisenhower's, is being strategically deferred to the beginning of the election year.
Tom Nichol's fourth of six conversions tied the score at 28.
The practical effect of establishing such a reserve would be equivalent to writing off the loan.
''You think, 'I can do it, maybe I can be the next Steve Cauthen, maybe someday the next Angel Cordero','' says Declan Murphy.
At one point, he told Mattioli that ''if something is wrong with those deals, then I want to know it today.''
And the Detroit businessman, who is as comfortable in an art gallery as he is in the ring or in a boardroom, has the backing of the 239-year-old, august but money-losing art auction house.
In her article ''Ingmar Bergman: Summing Up a Life in Film,'' (June 26), Michiko Kakutani seems to have missed the rather complicated political-religious parable in Bergman's ''dream play,'' ''Fanny and Alexander.''
Other party leaders attending were Todor Zhivkov of Bulgaria, Erich Honecker of East Germany and Janos Kadar of Hungary.
The subject of food price increases is particularly sensitive to the Government, which is still embattled after crushing the Solidarity union by imposing martial law nearly two years ago.
In Baldwin-United's case, the intangibles are almost entirely good will, which generally ends up on a balance sheet when a company pays more for an acquisition than the value of the acquired company's assets.
''Peg,'' which closed last weekend, took us back to Narcissus's pool with a vengeance.
By looking at South Africa in a prejudiced, one-sided manner, Mr. Uhlig oversimplifies the violent nature of the African National Congress.
But with only September remaining in the current fiscal year, the Office of Management and Budget now thinks the figure may be more like $207 billion, largely because defense spending is a bit less than expected.
''But the counterrevolutionary bands represent a foreign aggression, not a domestic uprising.
''These companies generally export 50 percent or more of their entire U.S. production,'' Mr. Lien said.
Mr. Dingell also said that the subcommittee, in closed session, had received sworn testimony by two witnesses who reported that ''another high-ranking White House official was in contact with Ms. Lavelle 'just about about every day.'
American Docks Are Quiet Both American docks were quiet today.
Davenport, Pacific Power's vice president for public affairs, said public power agencies ''have already exploited the low-cost Federal power on the Columbia River,'' adding, ''Now they want to take over the little remaining low-cost hydro from the people who developed it.''
The play, written by Raymund FitzSimons, was originally presented in London last spring.
One strengthened area is the backcourt, where the point guard Kelvin Ransey was obtained for two draft picks and the guard Foots Walker.
A consensus among Western diplomats here is that by keeping his troops in Lebanon - and neutralizing a profoundly ambivalent Arab opinion - Mr. Assad hopes to render the agreement a dead letter, since Israel has said it will not withdraw from Lebanon if Syria and its Palestinian allies do not go too.
'Leon Is Through' But against a man who claims he can still make the 175-pound light-heavyweight limit, Spinks discovered that smaller is not necessarily easier - especially because, for the first time in his professional career, Spinks ran into a man with faster hand speed.
Stone, now the President's special Central America envoy, visited El Salvador in February to urge that the country hold elections this year, he promised the Salvadorans that money would be forthcoming to help with the registry, members of the Election Commission said.
''Mystery action films of this particular variety usually make no money in America, only in Paris,'' she said, but added that what sets ''La Balance'' apart that it's ''spiffy, sentimental and real.''
1821:35 - UNITED STATES: The SU-15 pilot makes another reference to the 747's strobe light and says he has approached the target as close as 1.2 miles.
Hardly any man who worked in the caisson had escaped an attack of the bends by this time.
To make it into Parliament for the first time since they were founded in 1979, the Greens must gain 5 percent of the national vote.
* FEDERATION OF PROTESTANT WELFARE AGENCIES, 281 Park Avenue South, New York, N.Y. 10010.
(When Mr. Martin came to Manhattan, he left his parents, two sisters and one brother in Cuba.
Many authorities agree that the debate over the Interior Department revolves around this question: What is the proper balance between the conservation and enjoyment of public resources and the exploitation of those resources by industry for national security, economic growth and corporate profit?
''And the 12 men on the field was a big play.
Insurer stocks generally fell out of bed and we fell a little bit further.''
When the field is reduced, the glow vanishes.
Gone from the 1982 staff are Pat Zachry, Mike Scott, Pete Falcone, Charlie Puleo and Randy Jones, who started 105 of the 162 games.
When one of his sons married a princess from the royal house of Swaziland, an independent nation bounded on three sides by South Africa, he said, he threw a wedding party that cost almost $60,000.
The city is also more likely to hire unionized workers and to pay prevailing wages, he said.
At ceremonies during the announcement, Ford's chairman, Philip Caldwell, predicted that the number of all makes of cars sold in the United States would rise one million this year and another one million in 1984.
There is a nice side to this.
Thursday night, city and state officials and legislators attended a 50th birthday reception for Planned Parenthood of Brooklyn, which dates its own span from the 1933 legal opening of clinics around the borough.
She also remembers the bodies floating in the harbor for a long time.
(Television - SportsChannel, 8:30 P.M. Radio - WABC, 770; 8:30) Red Sox vs. Milwaukee Brewers, at Boston.
''I hope so,'' she replied.
Changes Are Indicated Education Secretary Bell, in response to a question about abolition of the department, indicated that it might undergo further changes.
If it doesn't, the counterwieght attached to it needs to be adjusted by turning it in or out to change the balance (if in doubt about how to do this, call in your serviceman).
might have to take the club teams.
T. Guthrie Speers Jr. performed the ceremony in the First Presbyterian Church in New Canaan.
As for the prospective investors, the Attorney General said that the project's sales brochures were misleading: The materials did not make it clear to investors that tenants had the right to renew their leases, that rent increases were limited by law and that buyers assumed the responsibilities of landlords.
The Philadelphia goaltender that night was Bernie Parent, who now tutors Froese and other goalies in the Flyers' system.
The failure to nominate a new head of state was seen by many political analysts as an indication that power within the Kremlin was divided, forcing the leadership to defer the matter.
Under Executive Order 12372, Intergovernmental Review of Federal Programs, which I signed in July 1982, Federal agencies must consult with state and local elected officials early in the assistance decision process and make every effort to accommodate their views.
As the ministers were deliberating, a hand grenade exploded in a group of anti-Government demonstrators outside the office of Prime Minister Menachem Begin.
charged that three officials of the paperproducts maker had falsified records to reflect $75 million in nonexistent inventories.
Many ''unplanned'' purchases are paid for in cash, the Fed said, while many of those involving credit cards would have taken place without them.
Mr. Lundberg's biweekly survey of more than 17,000 service stations in 50 states found the average price of gasoline, including tax, stood at $1.2285 a gallon, down 0.94 cent over two weeks.
WE read science fiction sometimes not for the sci or even the fi but to discover what is going on in the real world.
Later, while practicing law in Manhattan, he served as a member of President Ford's advisory board on intelligence.
Does it surprise anyone to learn that it was floated by the Institute of Total Misinformation, our chief competitor?
Then too there are the details and small moments that jut out at strange angles from the accounts of maneuvers, strategies and more sweeping concerns.
For example, one-day availability was urged for all checks under $100 and for many Federal Government checks.
Contrapunto is a cheerful, bustling place, everything snow white except the beautiful anemones on each table, glistening under dramatic track lighting.
In many cases, the doctor will prescribe a drug to counter spasms, and some patients are also given prescription painkillers (over-thecounter pain remedies rarely help).
The default notice could have been issued then, except for the restraining order.
''I find that Professor Brutus has established a claim for asylum in the United States and I am granting it.''
Some are not merely political or parochial.
All this adds up to a ''peanut company,'' Mr. Weinberger said, with sales of $10 million to $12 million a year.
In New York City, three amendments to the City Charter were winning by margins of up to 2 to 1.
John Branca, chairman of the New York State Athletic Commission, said yesterday that he expected his unit to go along, but that there could be no vote by the commission until it received official notification of the Washington ruling.
The White House made no secret of the fact that the commission was appointed to legitimize some form of MX deployment over Congressional objection, and a fair reading of the membership left little doubt that the commission would do so.
The Sirope's crew refused, Ensign Gillespie said, but the Panamanian Government granted permission at 7 P.M. Monday.
The trap, according to court records, was one of a number of Federal civil rights violations that included water torture.
Yet what is peace if not the sum of such small victories?
The aviation administration said several of the recommendations were being studied by a ''broad-based industry study group.''
From her high school days in Red Cloud, Neb., in the 1880's until halfway through her studies at the University of Nebraska, Willa Cather dressed as a boy, cut her hair like a man's and called herself William Cather.
Across the state, 1,665 seniors face the possibility of shelving their dreams of jobs, military service or college.
''It does permit countries to come together and debate.
So there is plenty to look at in this show, even if in the end it does not seem to have gone anywhere in particular.
When you're a child, you have, for the first and only time in your life, no responsibilities except to do your schoolwork and go to bed and not mess up your room too much.
At a scientific meeting last summer, 10th-planet partisans tended to prevail.
That mission is not expected to be affected, Mr. Nesbitt said.
Now the agency has decided that things have gone far enough.
But there are those who feel that if the Government persists with its three- year plan to scale down one of Europe's most generous welfare states, resistance in the future may cause more unrest than this society is prepared to accept.
Interest rates declined slightly yesterday for issues due in eight years and less but were unchanged to slightly higher for long-term bonds.
The 28-year-old program has assisted 1,906 young researchers, 10 of whom have become Nobel laureates.
According to Dr. Barry Rumack, director of the Rocky Mountain Poison Center, the amount of atropine was minute and customers were safe using comfrey tea in the recommended amount - about one teaspoon per cup of water.
''Last Point,'' for example, which Miss Dunn choreographed in 1964 while with the Judson Dance Theater, is a combination of dance, silent motion picture and spoken text.
Families staying in or near London might also consider Beaumont Daycamps, for children between 5 and 15.
''They know the waters better than anyone.''
It does all the good in the world to create jobs and actually put the jobless back to work.''
A June wedding is planned.
An associate in Mr. Richardson's law firm, Milbank Tweed Hadley & McCloy, said that Mr. Richardson had agreed in principle, although, he added, ''He has questions on the nature of the trusteeship.''
Mr. Ferguson, whose resignation for health reasons becomes effective Friday, will start Sept. 1 as chairman of U.N.C.
It costs him $35 to get home, and he is late for dinner.
On Jan. 22, President Reagan voiced his approval of certification through a report to Congress that said that while ''the situation is not perfect and the progress was not as great as desired,'' progress was nonetheless being made.
Indeed, the bluesinflected Gershwin melodies consistently outshine Romberg's formulaic marches and choral set pieces.
Its debt-servicing costs have risen to $1.3 billion this year from $200 million in 1979.
*3*** COMPANY REPORTS ** View Full Article in Timesmachine »
Since the April meeting with analysts, Wall Street's expectations about Cigna have been lower.
The company also will receive almost $7 million from sale of other assets in the form of a short- term note, he said.
He has worked with several of the country's leading playwrights.
Most of them are still in San Vicente or have crossed the Lempa River into Usulutan.
Our job is to assist you by providing all of the necessary facilities to complete your assignment.''
No 'Total Mobilization' That draft appeared, at points, to be critical of the response of Jewish organizations and leaders to events in Europe.
For, although ''Nature'' received unanimously favorable reviews and acceptance last year, the lack of a national underwriter could have doomed the series to early extinction.
Throughout the heyday of black soul music, the 1960's, white performers with a political bent attempted to rope black soul singers into benefit concerts or other situations that would allow them to express their solidarity with the toiling masses.
A favorite Academy press clip is a musing from a San Francisco paper which exclaims in horror of Marriner's activities: ''Why must he conduct in the fields?
The company, based in Oak Brook, Ill., has contested the accusations.
The West was born of Christianity, and that's the whole story.''
OKLAHOMA (USFL) - Announced that the team would play its home games next season at the University of Tulsa's Skelly Stadium.
Or to put the matter in its most nativist terms, New York and Los Angeles are not the real America.
Eighty old-time Violets are scheduled to participate in a reunion game before the new Violets add to a history that has remained unchanged since March 11, 1971, when N.Y.U.
Officials feel that it is merely playing ''their game.''
But this is the most important.''
That is, the aide explained, now that the Senator has said he is interested in being majority leader, his willingness to stand up to the President is regarded as a test.
And he has started to push for $155 million in Federal funds for the urban homeless.
The Attorney General said that ''a local zoning ordinance regulating commercial billboards on Conrail property is neither inconsistent with nor prohibited by the purposes and provisions'' of the Interstate Commerce Act of 1887 and the Regional Rail Reorganization Act of 1973.
The approaches to the bridge will have four lanes each direction, from Exit 8 (I-287) in Elmsford to Exit 12 (Route 303) in West Nyack, a distance overall of eight miles, including the 2.7-mile-long bridge.
The pain that the Murphys suffered was equal to or greater than the pain suffered by their more famous friends.
It was decided ''collectively,'' he said, that Mr. Gersten's future association would be that of an independent producer to the Music Hall.
The Government said those arrested had been charged with sedition and rebellion.
The film opens today at the Loews State and other theaters.
Some internships involve only a few hours of work a week for academic credit, while some co-op programs require the student to leave school for several months to work full-time.
Most of the action followed the text in a less than literal way.
They weren't too happy with that.''
For people doing their own programming, then, learning PCOS, the Olivetti operating system, may be a small obstacle considering the calculation speed gained.
It is going to be a very busy week for underwriters of both corporate and municipal bond issues.
The future bride, who graduated from the Shipley School in Bryn Mawr, Pa., and from Brown University, is public information coordinator at the Pennsylvania Academy of Fine Arts in Philadelphia.
At the 87-unit building at 309 East 49th Street, as an example, the assessment based on 100 percent completion of the building was $7.6 million for the 1983-84 tax year.
But his concern related to people outside the church.
In the last 10 years, Somers has welcomed Guerlain Inc., which operates a perfume packaging plant; the new SomersTown Shopping Center with a dozen stores, including a supermarket and a bank; and two large residential developments, Heritage Hills and Greenbriar.
Constant Struggle Required Boris A. Yunitsyn, deputy minister of the merchant fleet and chief of an emergency headquarters set up in Moscow to direct the Arctic rescue, said the vessels were locked in a 20-mile-wide belt of hard-pack ice at least six feet thick.
All were parties to the settlement.
'To Catch Opportunities' ''We started to think about reorganization two years ago,'' said Bjorn Sverdrep, the company's president.
Once land is built upon, it is gone - it is almost never brought back to its original state.
Rub hens with three tablespoons of butter, dust inside and out with salt and pepper, place in one or two roasting pans and roast for 30 minutes.
But it must be submitted to the sponsor, not the Attorney General.
In the Jan.1 to June 10 period, G.M.
''If the moose that are coming into New York are not infected by the brain worm, within 10 years we might have a well-established moose population in the state,'' Mr. Free said.
''They changed their strategy and it confused us a bit,'' said Ron Flockhart, who scored the Flyers' first goal, on a power-play midway through the second period when the Rangers already led by 4-0.
The study was conducted on three plots in northern Florida where slash pine is harvested for fiber.
He may seem a shade forlorn now and again if he thinks no one is looking: when he is scraping the back of his mailbox in search of messages that will never be there; when, halfway through a sentence, he realizes that he is heading for a phrase that will weary or offend his listeners and manages to clamp the brakes on his vocal cords while still mouthing the unsounded words.
Mr. Carroll is a volunteer with the Gay Men's Health Crisis, a nonprofit New York group that is currently helping 250 people with AIDS, acquired immune deficiency syndrome.
(The teams start playing in March.)
Among the musicians at the service were James Cotton, who had once been a harmonica player with Mr.
The response was coupled with a warning that the deployment of new American missiles in Western Eruope, scheduled for December, would be ''a step against peace.''
''But considering Ed's raise, I think I should be up to $1.37, if the city could bear it.''
It makes a perfect collaboration for Mr. Richman's musicians and Miss Turocy's dancers.
Grand works were alternated with more intimate ones, reproducing, we are told, the pattern of Bach's own organ recitals.
Place baking pan on stove and let the water return to boil.
He did a merciless parody last summer of corporate takeovers.
''To achieve it, however, you've got to stop the shooting,'' the President continued.
Money Will Still Be Green Federal officials assure, however, that no brightly colored or multicolored money is in America's future right now.
It is proper that a political leader firmly denounces racism and exposes its practice so as to rob it of any marginal respectability among those guided by the speech and behavior of public figures.
Both works are by Mr. Taylor.
Late dollar rates in New York compared with late rates Tuesday, included: 2.4163 marks, up from 2.4103; 7.2450 French francs, up from 7.2250; 2.0760 Swiss francs, up from 2.0725, and $1.2268 Canadian, up from $1.2248.
But a new type of cell is being introduced commercially by several American and Japanese companies, and Mr. Maycock says this may drive the price per watt to below $2.50 by 1990 and seriously challenge conventional methods of generating electricity.
''White people were satisfied with their position, and they didn't want to upset things.
Mr. Brady said that, since the Bechtel family had not played an active role in the running of the investment house, he did not anticipate any changes in the operations or direction of the firm.
''I will not appeal,'' he said.
Last week Westinghouse Corporation was given permission by the Reagan Administration to sell replacement parts to the South African Government for its Koeburg nuclear plant, which was originally built by France with Westinghouse technology.
Apartment in Greenwich Village The problem was that several of the people linked to Mr. Rosenberg's purported espionage ring had frequented Mr. Sarant's apartment in Greenwich Village, according to the Government.
The tone is so unrelievedly earnest, so devotional that one gets little or no sense of the humor and gift for story-telling that have also characterized Jewish life.
Train does not say, probably because such gumption is a rare commodity, which is one of the reasons few people get rich.
There are no rules when it comes to seasonings; go with your preferences.
Members of the advisory board include Alexander MacGregor 3d, executive vice president of Random House Inc.; Stanley E. Degler, vice president and senior editor of the Bureau of National Affairs; Jon M. Files, vice president of the Baltimore Gas and Electric Company; Stanley J. Rejniak, vice president of Western Union International Inc., and Alfred Statham, senior vice president of the Communications Satellite Corporation.
Other major countries are also expected to agree.
The composer said he wrote it ''for the forest and the sadness of old age.''
Such a wavelike ebb and flow could, by a push of the imagination, be linked to the reported starting point of ''Coast Zone'' and the sea imagery of the title.
''My initial, basic idea was to make a real good hour-and-a-halflong rock and roll album, and capture some real good images to go with it.''
It is a splendidly massed mountain of limestone capped by two Art Moderne towers, and a few years ago the towers received pleasant floodlighting.
The Filipino who assassinated Benigno S. Aquino Jr. on Aug. 21 was identified by the Philippine authorities as ''a notorious killer'' who had been hired in the past by criminal syndicates and ''subversive elements.''
With unemployment rising, the need for social services has increased, but the ability of nonprofit organizations to fill the void has been curtailed.
Q. I would like to know what to use to remove a heavy wax buildup from cork tile.
With Tom Bosley as narrator, the program, according to a news release, ''traces the country's passion for funniness and the strange places it is found.''
Drain well in a colander.
Operating the supersonic Concorde translated into a loss of 15.1 million francs, or $2.2 million, last year, company officials said.
They apply good pressure in the frontcourt.
WASHINGTON PRESIDENT Amin Gemayel of Lebanon came to Washington last week hoping the United States would have some answers to the problem of putting his country back together again.
So, apparently, do many thousands of other youngsters across the nation.
''In my opinion, Social Security is the most important issue for the many thousands of senior citizens in my Congressional district,'' said Representative Norman F. Lent, Republican of East Rockaway.
The Government of President Joao Baptista Figueiredo, under pressure from the International Monetary Fund and Western banks, has resorted to harsh economic restraints to tame an inflation rate that is currently exceeding 200 percent.
France has balked, but with hints that it might relent if Mr. Reagan would bargain on the currency issue.
A guard, he was 6 feet 1 inch tall (a good height for that era), weighed 175 pounds, was fast and had a fine two- handed set shot.
After six months of the Miamibased operation, its news director, Gustavo Godoy, says, ''We are here to stay.''
Mrs. Zhou, who speaks Uighur so well that she works as an interpreter for the Kashgar Grain Supply Bureau, said many newcomers to this region corrected their actions ''in time'' after finding out that they offended customs here.
In accepting his resignation, the judges praised Mr. Bellacosa's ''tireless and successful efforts to improve the operations of the court.''
Moreover, most individual reports cannot be independently verified.
BARRE, Pa., June 7 (AP) - Two 10-year-old stepbrothers testified today that George Banks, accused of killing 13 people including family members, broke into their trailer and shot their mother, sister and two nephews to death.
Severiano Ballesteros broke a three-way tie with an eagle and won first prize of $81,000 in the Manufacturers Hanover Westchester Classic in Harrison.
We decided that we had a similar obligation to set some standards for people who would be housed in hotels.
This should be our evangelical mission for the humanities.
Cut the eggplant crosswise into four slices of approximately the same thickness.
Mrs. Gandhi dissolved the state government last year because of disturbances on the issue of Bangladeshi immigration.
Compared with published figures for the year ended last Oct. 31, it said, the restructuring has slashed longterm debt about 25 percent from $1.03 billion and has increased total net worth about 80 percent form $237 million.
The orange roadside day lily and its yellow counterpart, the lemon lily, are both somewhat naturalistic or untamed in their habit.
The traders seem to appreciate the added space.
Rates range from $50 single to $125 doubles, suites $150 to $215.
There was a passionate duet in which, defying tradition, the woman carried the man.
The exhibition, in the gallery's East Building, will continue through Jan. 8.
Several sources said some of the other unions on the railroad were threatening to cross the picket lines to return to work, raising the possibility of a railroad operating without trainmen and conductors.
This rending story is also told in Henry Krieger's pop-operatic score - a mini-history of Motown that gradually moves from the insistence of Apollo soul to the homogenized ''lighter'' sound of the Dreams' crossover hits.
Innocent people, including Americans, have lost their lives.
''If I'd had the pot of money they've had in New Jersey, I'd have all that land tied up by now.''
President Reagan has sent a letter to Yuri V. Andropov, the Soviet party chairman, congratulating him on his election as chief of state Thursday and pledging American cooperation in efforts to reduce nuclear arms and tension between the superpowers.
The couple's other children, ages 3 and 1, were taken to Roosevelt Hospital for observation and later released in custody of the police, a hospital spokesman said.
The decision comes after a two-year dispute between the university and the magazine.
As such, they are eligible for full compensation in cash and discountable bonds from a special $1.5 billion Government fund, which is expected to be doubled.
- but large digits tell your actual speed, and they continue on, giving an accurate account of just how passionately you are pursuing a roadside chat with the local law.
However, one executive cautioned that those signs ''must not be overstated.''
What developmental tasks are appropriate for children at each learning stage?
Mr. Hatch is said to have conceived of the site as a crater in which a space ship had landed.
Hopes for a quick renewal of direct negotiations on the question of reuniting Cyprus were dashed today when the President of the island nation, Spyros Kyprianou, left New York without responding to a new initiative by the leader of the Turkish Cypriots.
Still, Administration officials say there is widespread consternation at the State Department over its tangles with the national security adviser.
Bateman Eichler, Hill Richards will manage the issue.
Pharmaceutical Link Hercules, in exchange for its 50 percent ownership in Adria Laboratories, a pharmaceutical joint venture with Montedison, will acquire an equity interest in Montedison's consolidated pharmaceutical and health-care business.
The regulator's job is not merely to choose one among competing special interests: He must balance all legitimate claims.
There are the same kind of crucial connections made here as in Mr. Bejart's linkage of ''Les Noces'' and ''Le Sacre du Printemps.''
B-After losses of $13,443,000 for the qr and $19,805,000 for the yr from discontinued operations...C-Net income after a loss of $2,695,000 from discontinued operations...D-After a loss of $41,048,000 from discontinued operations and a tax credit of $12,034,000
The village chief who received Margaret Mead and assisted her is dead.
Hundreds were rescued from cars and buses after shivering through a freezing night, trapped on roads strewn with vehicles.
The company announced on Friday that he will succeed the current chairman, Herbert Gr"unewald, after Mr. Gr"unewald's election to the presidency of the supervisory board by the annual meeting on June 27, 1984.
None of the Cedar Boys spoke English but all except the oldest were enrolled at the end of the summer of 1939 in the Waddesdon school.
Nor does this bare-bones precis preserve the subtlety of his presentation.
Although O'Malley has not displayed his father's persuasive ability, he has assumed the role of Kuhn's self-appointed campaign manager.
Many were very Russian in their plaintiveness.
The report from the National Association of Realtors said resales were at a seasonally adjusted annual rate of 2.93 million units in June, compared with 2.9 million in May, when activity increased 6 percent.
In ''Two Paintings: Dagwood'' of 1983 this method is particularly well exemplified.
Mr. Stockman said high inflation had had a ''devastating effect on the purchasing power'' of welfare recipients because welfare benefits rose at only half the rate of inflation from 1970 to 1982.
''I make more mistakes than anybody else,'' he once told an interviewer.
TENTATIVE OFFERINGS DURING WEEK Intermountain Power Agency, $750 million.
In Mrs. Candelaria's class, the story was about a girl named Miranda, who did not want anyone else to read her diary.
If they cannot accept the American justification, how do you think - or how many countries in Latin America do you feel will accept the American explanation now?
A feud between children of Superior Oil's founder has reached Federal Court.
Despite this setback, the Phoenix Fund's net asset value rose to $11.81 a share on July 31 from $11.12 three months earlier.
He reported the stiffness Monday night, after losing twice in one week.
But in Greg Schneiders, Glenn had acquired more than a skilled press aide.
Frank always said it might take four or five years, but that's the course to follow.
It was during these exchanges that the Marine compound at the airport was reported to have come under fire.
They will attend computer camps, one of the newest specialty sleep-away camps, where novices are taught the basics of programming, and the more experienced can sharpen microcomputer skills.
Many Russians can remember when they believed in this, when they genuinely foresaw the advance of their society toward the flowering of communism.
All six new deputy mayors in Shanghai are college graduates, with an average age nearly 13 years younger than their predecessors.
The attack was said to have killed the boat's captain and caused serious damage.
Ladd Herzeg, the Oilers' general manager, spoke today of ''a change of atmosphere'' helping Crutchfield.
She has been on her way for a long time (she was making Demonstration Records as long ago as 1960), gradually honing her talents and building an instrumental group in which her voice serves as one of the horns.
GEOFFREY WAGNER New York --------------------------------------------------------------------- The Times welcomes letters from readers.
Jerry Falwell, the leader of the Moral Majority.
But Sisk came out of the bullpen, gave up another single and then survived with the help of a running catch by Wilson in center.
''I think sometimes people confuse marketing with the product,'' he said.
To the Editor: Before we congratulate ourselves on the timely adoption of a balanced New York State budget, we should reflect on the damage that has been done: Reductions in local mental-health funding will have a devastating effect on the quality of life in cities and towns throughout the state.
These bulges and dips occur because of gravitational differences resulting from an unequal distribu-tion of mass in the earth's interior or, in more subtle instances, because of corresponding hills and valleys of the ocean floor beneath.
The regular referees, however, argue that the performers are being inhibited because the substitutes are inconsistent and unfamiliar with the players.
It is on a little street, at 28 Cornelia Street, in Greenwich Village, near Bleecker Street.
'Lack of Regard' ''I am troubled by the lack of regard, which is apparently quite general in the profession of ophthalmology, for the quality of life of the person who is visually impaired,'' he wrote.
This film is rated R. Jesse CrowderFred Williamson JoaquinWillie Colon AndyRuben Blades NancyNereida Mercado SallyDarlanne Fluegel PedroNick Corello PapaSal Corollo SlimIzzy Sanabria
The auto companies are resisting, however.
''Now comes our cleanup process,'' Phillips said.
The state tax was passed by the Legislature in March and took effect June 30.
Mr. Poole is not arguing that Virginia Woolf ''was never disturbed,'' Samuel Hynes explained in his review; ''what he is saying is that her 'mad' version of reality had meaning and no one tried to discover what that meaning was.''
Another major disappointment occurred in 1974, after the Dolphins had won Super Bowl VIII.
''Before I go to work today, I will go to the demonstration.''
A city block long, the Savoy Ballroom was big enough for the inventors, the visionaries and the acrobats to dance along with people who stuck with earlier folkways.
"West" is worth seeing only for Mr. Berkoff's work as a director: his actors march about the small stage in eccentric, precisely drilled strutting maneuvers -- Jerome Robbins choreography without music -- that crackle with the malevolence missing in the text.
''It's simple,'' says Jamaal Wilkes, the smooth Laker forward who has occupied the locker next to Abdul-Jabbar for six years.
Prior to World War II, we did everything possible to avoid confronting the evidence that Germany was grossly violating legal limits on its armed forces.
The increase resulted from a 1.3 percent decline in sales, leaving the inventoryto-sales ratio at 1.5.
The opposition parties have 56 votes.
Elsewhere, 75 Americans have been instructing Hondurans in infantry tactics.
DOWN & OUT IN THE GREAT DEPRESSION.
Unlike the current and more perennially popular comedy by Hart and George S. Kaufman, ''You Can't Take It With You,'' this is a serious play, ''Christopher Blake,'' which Hart wrote and directed on Broadway in 1946.
They hold the wine for 10 years or so while it appreciates in value, then drink half and sell the rest.
This is an exception to our usual practice of using English forms for the names of political parties and movements.
Penney program, and specifically the first sentence, which read in part: ''When First Lady Jackie Kennedy needed a new wardrobe during her White House years, she went to Halston .
''I spend three times as much of my working day on books as I do on baseball,'' he says.
The Orioles trail first-place Milwaukee and Detroit by a full game and the Yankees by a half-game.
Appointed not many months since to the rank of assistant chief, Courtenay wears his cap, its licorice-black peak gleaming with gold braid, cocked ever so slightly to one side.
Basketball has not and will not be conducted at U.S.F.
In the semifinal series to select the challenger, Australia II continued to dominate, defeating Canada 1 today by 1:19 over the 24-mile course.
The per-share profit rose because Martin Marietta had about half the common shares outstanding as it did a year earlier.
''As a matter of fact,'' Mr. Lumumba said, ''frequently the word 'family' is used interchangeably with black people, isn't that correct?''
''Men today,'' I found myself thinking, ''really have a raw deal.''
While that is usually time enough to record three songs, this night they hoped to record four, in order to complete the album.
The way the cable television operator was telling it, the talks will be back on the track as soon as the details of the complicated job offer are properly explained.
In sharp contrast to this richly ornamented battle garment are two late 15th-century Gothic offerings which are robust in their shaping, elegant in their spare decoration and, according to David Wille, Sotheby's specialist in New York, ''incredibly rare.''
Names of rumored candidates have surfaced in the last six months without confirmation, and some, such as Peter Ueberroth, head of the Los Angeles Olympic Organizing Committee, and A. Bartlett Giamatti, president of Yale University, continue to be mentioned, perhaps for lack of more solid information.
For many, Rwanda was supposed to be the land of their ancestors.
The proposed electrification of the main line between Hicksville and Ronkonkoma, a fast-growing corridor of Nassau and Suffolk Counties, would allow trains to reach speeds of 80 miles an hour, cutting almost 20 minutes off some trips - a significant reduction for commuters who must spend three hours a day getting to and from the city.
But there was no immediate prospect that the agreement would be put into effect.
THE Queens Symphony Orchestra celebrated its 30th anniversary at the Colden Center on Saturday night with a new piece commissioned for the occasion and a performance of Beethoven's Ninth Symphony.
St. Louis saved his Wainwright Building, but turned it into state offices and altered it dramatically.
South would not then know the location of the missing diamond winner.
The sentiment behind ''Tender Offers'' is familiar, as is the sourness of Stuart Spencer's ''Cash,'' a slice of urban life.
Hearings Scheduled and Canceled Last June, for example, Mr. Hatch and Senator Edward M. Kennedy, Democrat of Massachusetts, asked the Judiciary Committee to defer action on the nomination pending a review.
(The Romans had no clocks; they wore hourglasses around their wrists, or something.)
A lawyer for Hitachi, which has its headquarters in Tokyo, declined comment on the affidavit, and attorneys for National Semiconductor of Santa Clara and its subsidiary, NAS, were not immediately available.
J. Parker Wickham, for example, says he built the Mattituck Airport on the North Fork of Long Island to be recession-proof.
According to the White House, Mr. Reagan rarely attends church because of security problems and because he does not want to inconvenience worshipers with having to go through metal detectors before going inside the church.
That legislation requires that such inmates ''have, in connection with such work, received wages at a rate that is not less than that paid for work of a similar nature in the locality in which the work was performed.''
Similar measures are being proposed in a dozen other Western counties and municipalities.
And the United States' undifferentiated hostility to leftists in this hemisphere has been rewarded with a hard lurch to the dogmatic and pro-Soviet left.
The jackets, of varying lengths, with or without belts, feature square shoulder lines, while the skirts are slim.
She slammed the door in their snouts and flounced off to consume the entire loaf herself at one sitting, thus becoming the first example of compulsive eating in the oral tradition.
He has said he wants a complete report from Mr. Sprinkel and still expects there could be attempts in Congress to curb the Fed and to try to force it to lower interest rates.
Other benefits are competitive money market interest rates and the ability of investors to cash in an annuity at any time and invest the funds elsewhere.
But his eyes betray that image.
That is why, at the other end of the corridor between the Garden dressing rooms, Orval Tessier was chatting far more happily than was Brooks.
Several firemen were made ill by the fumes.
A Polish priest in Rome, however, said the itinerary had been entirely the work of the Polish episcopate and Gdansk had been omitted to avoid the possibility of a Government-staged provocation that might compromise the papal journey.
Long ago, when his job was to stick his nose into the line for the benefit of Cribbs or Brooks, Andrews seldom punished anyone but himself.
New Music America started in 1979 at the Kitchen as New Music New York, a rebel festival of music from outside the academic classical tradi- tion.
Further relaxing - shoes off, legs stretched out and resting on the coffee table - Mr. Brown spoke about ''long hours in the woods,'' planning and supervising a seven-day, sunup- to-sundown schedule of classes for thousands of students from all over the world.
Indications of Prank To have hoodwinked the scientists was a triumph, but a private one until the hoax was publicly exposed.
Mr. Wren stated the ''network withdrew its financial support, leaving Mr. Craig to scramble at the last minute for half of the expedition's $300,000 budget.''
Jose-Luis Clerc of Argentina, who is top-seeded in the tournament, advanced to the semifinal round by defeating Rodney Harmon of Richmond, 7-6, 6-2.
Otherwise, she suggests counting to 10.
There is no such short-supply provision in today's compact, an indication that the Administration expects plentiful supplies throughout the decade.
''We're talking about a stabilizing period that - who knows?
Mr. Weisberg's bassoon rendition of the Suite No.
The adorable puppy who was supposed to go off to college with my daughter is now 10 years old and never went further than the front yard.
''I didn't know that we were going to actually be introduced to the Queen.''
Organizers of the American Jewish publishers' stand at the fourth Moscow International Book Fair said today that 49 of their titles had been seized by Soviet officials.
The Air Force today awarded a $1.05 billion contract to Lockheed Missiles and Space Company of Sunnyvale, Calif., to develop a jam-resistant communications satellite system for the military.
c-After a loss of $24,000 for the quarter and 6 months from operations held for sale.
There has been a remarkable thaw in their views on economic policy.
''There's no need to waste the state's money,'' she explained.
Mrs. Wencka could not say whether the train had sped up.
''Bobby's fortunate that he's able to make the switch without doing play-by-play,'' said Rizzuto, who also went from being released by the Yankees in 1956 to broadcasting games with the New York Giants that same year.
The bride, a staff assistant at the Brearley School, graduated from the Madeira School and Vassar College.
Zev Vaugn's windows on the store's 58th Street side were going slowly.
Mr. Bornstein said that he could not confirm that but he did confirm that an announcement would be made dealing with the network's finances.
In a collaborative effort by researchers from the Rocky Mountain Laboratories of the National Institute of Allergy and Infectious Diseases, the state health departments of New York and Wisconsin and others, more than 400 ticks were collected on Shelter Island, N.Y., where Lyme disease was common.
Crude petroleum imports fell 4 percent, and along with a drop in residual fuel oil, more than accounted for the decline in petroleum products.
He served as president of the American Astronomical Society, vice president of the International Astronomical Union and director of the Astronomical Society of the Pacific.
Interest rates declined slightly yesterday, but market participants said there was still no sign of the investor demand needed to raise bond prices and reduce yields significantly.
Mr. Swartz said his device could scan a product code 40 times a second.
She is, you see, on tape.
Not the Vietnam of a bloody war a long way from home, but the Vietnam of what they see as an absence of a national commitment, of a solid consensus supporting a carefully devised and executed policy.
I was all by myself, so I flipped off the old light and took a rest.
*Serve the soup piping hot in soup bowls.
''No it doesn't, because I don't have any,'' he said.
School Songs Last year, the Board of Education started a pilot project at Taft High School in the Bronx to deal with lateness and truancy.
Metro-North Running Late The Metro-North division of the Metropolitan Transportation Authority reported that the Hudson line had the most problems, with average delays of 10 to 15 minutes.
NORTH S J 7 5 3 H A K J 3 2 D J 9 3 C 9 WEST EAST S 10 4 2 S Q 9 8 H Q 8 5 H 10 6 4 D A Q D 7 5 4 C Q 10 8 4 2 C J 7 5 3 SOUTH (D) S A K 6 H 9 7 D K 10 8 6 2 C A K 6 Both sides were vulnerable.
Born into a highly assimilated and prominent Jewish family, Paul Cowan graduated from Choate and Harvard, became a writer for The Village Voice and then embarked, at the age of 36, on a search for his religious and cultural roots that has now led him to see himself partly as Saul Cohen, the descendant of rabbis.
Yet I remember as if it were yesterday an episode which occurred when I was in the eighth grade: We began each school day by standing at attention to recite the Pledge of Allegiance.
The President called the new move ''the first step toward the reunification of the whole of Lebanon'' and said the world was waiting to judge whether the Lebanese state could rise again.
Commerce, government and development are triple themes in this 300-year- old city.
Born in Bridgeport, Conn., but raised mainly in Caledonia, N.Y., where his father was a Presbyterian minister, Mr. Higinbotham traces the origins of his career to the days he spent tinkering with radio beginning at about the age of 13.
There was a sharp outcry from Ranger fans when the trade with Detroit was announced last June.
Member of the Cincinnati City Council from 1950 to 1953 ... Vice mayor of Cincinnati from 1952 to 1953 ...
guerrillas or sympathizers and for 1,000 Palestinians who are in custody in Israel.
More important, it gives recognition to the urban values that New York Democrats represent in national politics.
Though heatedly cited, the complaint has not been pressed in established channels and cannot yet be appraised.
The racial conflict in South Africa will likely continue indefinitely, according to white leaders in Pretoria.
report identified eight kinds of imported and domestically made ammunition that seemed to fit the ''cop-killer'' category.
So Kornig got the bronze and third place and Scholz was given fourth.
Speaking from the Oval Office in his weekly radio address, the President said his Administration was trying to slow down the ''destructive rate of growth in taxes and spending,'' and added, ''This way, enough resources will be left to meet the requirements of the the truly needy, and we will meet the challenge of fairness.''
Normally, auto makers buy from suppliers on a year-to-year basis.
She now makes less than $100,000 a year.
The day after the first Tylenol-related death, Richard L. Gelb, the chairman of Bristol-Myers, met with the heads of the production, marketing, legal and public relations departments.
Two of the passengers and some neighborhood residents tried to help the fatally injured boy, Mr. Wixted said.
Opposition groups called today for the removal of American bases from the Philippines and the expulsion of the United States Ambassador and a top aide on charges of meddling in Philippine affairs.
to New Jersey law enforcement officials who have called him one of the most valuable witnesses ever to come forward on such cases.
The issues he emphasizes are appropriately ''mainstream''in the spectrum of Democratic Pary activists.
At their one-day conference, the top trade officials of the United States, Japan, the European Economic Community and Canada expressed the view that ''in order to overcome protectionism, the world's recession, which is the fundamental cause, must be solved,'' according to a statement read by Sadanori Yamanaka, Japan's Minister of International Trade and Industry.
He is genuinely thrilled that all those people could be clapping for him.
New CBS Series The deluge of standard repertoire reissues on midpriced and budget- priced records and cassettes shows no sign of abating, but surprisingly there always seems to be something exceptionally worthwhile still to come, just when one would have thought the market was saturated.
''They got almost everything I had older than 1955,'' said Alexis Lichine of the break-in at his cellar at Chateau Prieure-Lichine in Margaux six years ago.
Thus, cuts in programs offering these services could have the effect of raising these rates.
Arizona's Arguments John L. Endicott, arguing for Arizona, said the two cases differed in two crucial respects.
This establishes a lifetime bar to people switching sides on a contract or other ''particular matter.''
It is many of these workers, says Mrs. Winer, whose eligibility for unemployment insurance may be affected.
THE big special this weekend on Home Box Office, the pay-cable channel, is the premiere of ''Billy Joel in Concert,'' taped at the Nassau Coliseum in Long Island at the close of a 36-city tour of the United States.
Under the proposal, employees would get raises totaling $110 a week during the three years.
''It's been as hard as covering the war in Salvador, because virtually everyone you speak with thinks he knows the answers,'' said Mr. Simon, who has covered the war in El Salvador in the past year.
Among those dissenting were more than a dozen black committeemen who support the Mayor.
As of 9 tonight he had not been returned to his home.
Five local groups preceded Mr. King.
Almost any police approach found on a city street can be found at a mall.
Benefit Tax Retirees will pay income tax on half their Social Security benefits if their adjusted gross income plus half their benefits exceed $25,000 for individuals or $32,000 for couples.
A few days later, an airport modernization bill was rushed through the National Assembly.
But the fact remains that the final year of each of the last two Democratic Administrations -1968 and 1980 - was one in which the nation seemed to stumble badly, leadership seemed beleaguered, and the voters rejected the Democrats as a result.
''There is not enough on-the-street space for cars, and there never will be.''
(Television - SportsChannel, 6:30 and 11 P.M., tape.)
The incident also led to ''scattered'' 5-to-10-minute delays on all outbound New Haven, Harlem and Hudson line trains, she said.
His mother, Christie DiBenedettis Beatrice, is a sample maker with Sunrise Fashions in New York.
West German scientists have begun major research efforts to pinpoint the exact cause of the crisis.
But I wonder if he ever set aside the spaldeen in the P.S.
While law prohibits burning fuel with more than 0.3 percent sulfur, the utility had been using oil with up to 1.5 percent sulfur at the two plants, under a series of six-month variances obtained from the city to test the effect on air quality of its proposed conversion from oil to coal, which is cheaper.
Mr. Havemann also said that more lenders were now offering conventional, fixed-rate mortgages.
''I'm trying to hold together a majority of my side'' on tax increases, Senator Domenici said.
Straight away, thouhg, the cast swings into ''How'd You Like to Spoon With Me?''
That made up for a $97.5 million operating loss in last year's quarter.
Thus, she announced a new policy this month to make the Social Security disability program more humane.
Richard M. Restak said in his review that Robert Jastrow ''believes that our brains will eventually be replaced by the silicon-based intelligence of computers'' and that by the end of the century, we will see the computer emerge as a form of life that competes with human beings.
played its home games there and will continue to do so.
Monticello Raceway, 8:15 P.M. Freehold Raceway, 1 P.M. Pocket Billiards : Brunswick World Open championships, at Roosevelt Hotel, Madison Avenue and 45th Street, 11 A.M. and 7 P.M. Double-elimination tournament for men and women continues through Saturday.
Ajinomoto's research was initially used in the development of food seasonings and additives.
We're gonna have to get up every week.
They are economic and political and military.
Instead, Tass accused Washington of ''feverishly covering up traces of the provocation staged against the Soviet Union with the utilization of the South Korean plane.''
''It seemed we would never extricate ourselves from this terrible mess,'' said Esther P. Gelman, a member of the Montgomery County Council.
We must decide if we are to relinquish the small-car segment, currently 54 percent of the total car market, to the Japanese.
Given the negative investor response to another power plant, the Washington Public Power Supply System, whose rating was suspended by Standard & Poor's two weeks ago, the atmosphere for this issue could be cautious.
It was written to only one newspaper.
Historic Richmondtown, the restored 18th-century village in the center of Staten Island, will open its season Sunday.
The case, an appeal by a small private college in Grove City, Pa., involves an issue that has embroiled the Reagan Administration in a dispute with civil rights advocates for more than a year.
The needle is then inserted in the pouch.
Judi St. Hillaire of Brighton, Mass., was the second woman to finish, completing the race in 33:20.
Importance of Whites Noted The early black mayoral victories came in cities with black majorities like Detroit, Newark, Washington and Gary, Ind.
He became chief judge through seniority in 1973.
Adri is adding a new dimension to her clothes by using a lot of Japanese fabrics that have a rough, handloomed look and resist wrinkling.
Leroy Horn turned in a fine performance for Summit, running for 227 yards on 31 carries and scoring two touchdowns.
Repeating adds a major expense to fiber optics, especially when the repeaters have to be placed in remote areas, such as under the sea, where it is difficult to provide electrical power and maintenance.
As the pianist Teddy Wilson said, ''Everybody was dancing to our music,'' so there were lots of jobs available.
Different as they were politically - Mr. Schmidt and Mr. Callaghan to the left of center, Mr. Ford, Mr. Giscard d'Estaing and Mr. Fraser to the right - the five became friends during their tenure.
This was their guiding esthetic.
The Koch Agenda For his part, Mr. Koch feels that he has made many tough budget decisions in his nearly six years at City Hall.
Mr. Machlis said, appearing curiously miffed.
It was 20 years ago this September when Michaels retired from playing for the second and final time.
Doug Padilla had too much speed for Alberto Salazar, winning their 5,000-meter race by 15 yards in 13:26.65.
When Moscow does come up, it is almost always in the context of a message to the United States.
Lawyer Tries to Allay Fears Part of the McAttack is that McDonald's, presumably with its golden arches, would replace ''the historic Gore House,'' which has stood on the corner since 1850.
It also voted to prohibite military training funds for Paraguay and Uruguay and to cut off aid to Suriname.
Photography by Ursula Lanzano, jewelry by Walter Quonn.
''Those who couldn't come sent money,'' Mr. Aigner said.
A request to Xerox to do a story on the shuttle operation was met with full cooperation by company officials, in contrast to refusals of some other corporations in the past to discuss their jets much less permit an outsider to inspect them.
Now, he said he was ''grateful'' because ''I didn't have to take that pounding on the artificial turf.''
''They had a lot of power plays, but we killed penalties pretty well,'' said Broten.
''But no one could make any definite conclusions.''
When asked whether a cut of $1.50 might be more appropriate, he replied, ''It might well be.''
To the Editor: Eastern cities may have a ''Skid Row,'' but the original, mentioned in the article ''What's Doing in Seattle'' is Seattle's Skid Road, not Skid Row.
The key to their feeling is that they tend to view the debate over the budget in terms of specific programs, whereas Mr. Reagan views it in terms of a general, overall abstraction.
If our offer is successful, Stokely would become a wholly owned subsidiary and retain its product and marketing labels.''
Mr. Bluth raised $1.2 million.
For not indicting the Johnson Administration, say, the series was said to be a defense of American imperialism.
Personally, I'm going to be embarrassed if I have the same kind of year.
Early afternoon, when feet have had a chance to swell slightly, is the ideal time for doing so.
At that time, he enjoyed the approval of around 70 percent of the people, but that rating sank to 18 percent last month, newspapers here recently reported, citing secret Government polls.
''I would come out of the darkroom and we'd look at the prints and talk about the feel of light,'' Miss Mulberg said.
The effectiveness of this strategy has already been demonstrated, Mr. Lancini said.
''I'm sure it's a combination of things,'' he said.
Kids in New York should give money too - it's in their city.''
; 20 NxN, Q-N4ch, forcing mate.
*3*** COMPANY REPORTS ** View Full Article in Timesmachine »
ROBERT CANTOR Staten Island, N.Y., July 5, 1983
It fell not far from Rich Gossage, the reliever whom May had followed in the 12th inning after Gossage's shoulder tightened.
But the dogmas of third-world diplomacy, coupled with hopes of Arab largesse, have kept black Africa's leaders from renewing a beneficial partnership.
We had to give them the opportunity to go the best route.''
He was referring to Richard J. Daley, the father Richard M. Daley.
The treasury's amount was $74 million, or 33 percent, more than in the previous fiscal year.
CARO-KANN DEFENSEWhiteBlackWhite BlackHortMilesHort Miles1*P-K4 P-QB3*2P-Q4 P-Q4*3N-QB3 PxP*4NxP N-B3*5NxNch NPxN*6B-QB4 P-KR4*7Q-Q3 N-Q2*8N-B3 N-N3*9B-N3 B-N510N-R4 N-Q411P-KR3 B-K312B-Q2 Q-Q2130-0-0P-N414P-KB4 B-R315K-N1 N-B216BxB NxB17N-B5 N-N218NxB RxN19P-B5 R-R120KR-B1 P-R521R-B3 Q-Q422B-N4 R-Q123P-QN3 R-QN124P-R3 R-N225K-R2 R-R426P-B4 PxP27PxP Q-Q228P-N4 PxPe.p.29RxP R-R230R-K1 Q-B131B-B5 K-B132R/1-KN1 K-N133Q-KB3 K-R134Q-N2 Q-B135QxP R-N136Q-Q7 Q-K137QxQch RxQ38R-KB1 R-R439R/3-KB3 P-R340P-Q5 R-R541K-N3 R-N1ch42K-B3 R-QB143BxP R/1xPch43BxP R/1xPch44K-N3 N-K145R-Q1 R-B246P-Q6 R-Q247R-B3 K-N248R-B8 RxPch49K-R4 NxP50BxN R-N251R-N1ch K-R252R/1-N8 R-R5ch53B-N4 K-R354R-R8ch K-N455RB8-N8ch KxP56RxR K-K357K-R5 P-B458KxP Resigns MILES/BLACK B B k B wr qwptr B p BwB B B P B BHPWB B WB Q BOP K B B B B R B B HORT/WHITE 12/25/83 Position after 29 .
Drain thoroughly, puree and stir into mayonnaise.
Ninety-year-old Margaret Nourse, the widow of a lawyer, was an occupational- therapy aide with the United States Army during World War I.
He kept running, even after it reached the upper deck.
Supporters of the East Timor rebel group fled to the interior.
General Quiwonkpa, who was dismissed from the army last month for turning down a top job in Mr. Doe's ruling People's Redemption Council, is now believed to be in hiding.
Thomas (Satch) Sanders, the former Celtic, asked a Boston court to let him continue operation of his restaurant and lounge as he arranged for financial reorganization.
I must say that this lofty attitude strikes me as stuff and nonsense in general (I'm coming to ''Showboat'' in particular).
The bridge collapse also came as the General Assembly was completing its special session on fiscal matters, and it left the Democratic majorities in both houses in a politically awkward position.
The Sabres outshot the Devils by 14-5 in the second period and by 37-26 for the game.
An exercise in the workbook, for instance, requires parents to create a detailed word profile of each of their children as well as to think about how that child might look at himself.
To Geoffrey Beene: ''There is a greater neatness to the clothes for spring and summer, and it's reflected in the makeup and hair women will wear.
''Keys to the City'' was chosen by a selection committee coordinated by Meet the Composer Inc., a nonprofit organization devoted to promoting the music of living American composers, encouraging composition of new music and developing audiences for music of our time.
Someone suggested the F-16, but another official said that was not a good idea because of problems with that project.
Late in today's game, he was down for a short time after he was hit hard on a running play.
Mr. Fox also said the CX system is being incorporated in the manufacture of some audio receivers, thus making a separate decoder unnecessary.
The approach to the subject is clearly as direct as he could make it: an effort to get the ''material,'' as he suddenly conceived of it, into language.
The Purchase production was ''a viable way to get a look at it,'' Mr. O'Horgan said.
Henson also had praise for the substitute referees, saying, ''I think they did an outstanding job,'' Asked about Blackmon's winning basket, Henson said: ''He made a difficult shot.
He said, however, that he was willing to accept proposals to assure that the Government received the tax revenues that withholding was intended to provide.
''''I ran very fast over the second half of the race and finished very strongly,'' Moses said.
In the over-the-counter market, the Nasdaq composite index added 1.15, to 261.82.
But Mrs. Thompson is also giving particular encouragement to experimental work in contemporary dance, and this year's ''New Directions'' series presents Nina Wiener and Dancers and Michael Moschen, a juggler/mime, on July 26-30.
The records or cassettes can be ordered from Smithsonian Recordings, P.O.
Mr. Adams said that his ''rule of thumb'' was that a bank should have a capital base of 8 percent of assets, and that a bank got his department's attention when it had less than 6 percent.
The Metro-North management maintains that only Mr. Beebe wanted a strike and that, in bargaining with the 16 other unions, it made no manning agreements.
To hear the people at Tiffany & Company tell it, there are no problems behind the steel doors of their Fifth Avenue paradise.
He said he thought the film was ''wrong'' because it was not enough of a general-interest film.
The decline for domestic manufacturers was greater - 42.6 percent from the 9.67 million posted in 1973.
Dave Stieb is outstanding, but young.
''What's needed,'' Mr. Klein said, are people who know what's available to guide companies into making the right selection and to help them assimilate the new technology - to make it practical.
Runback by Ellard The Saints' biggest mistakes led to the Rams' three touchdowns.
JOHN O'KEEFFE'S 18th-century comic romance ''Wild Oats'' is close to foolproof, but in its new production the Classic Stage Company is subjecting it to a stress test.
Like most political action committees, the banks tended to favor incumbents - the large majority of whom eventually won their elections.
It happened just after a Brunner pass was intercepted in the third quarter.
Beck and Maloney Ejected Barry Beck and his fellow defenseman, Dave Maloney, were ejected along with Fotiu for the Rangers.
There are a number of paradoxes here.
They acknowledge, however, that it would be vulnerable to an interest-rate rise.
Mr. Niven's film career began in the 1930's with work as an extra and in bit parts.
The Mets were not always so successful.
He remembers the day a class was learning about ''if-then'' statements in which a conclusion logically follows a hypothesis.
Similar findings were reported in a recent study by the Citizens Budget Commission.
Last month a member of Japan's parliament accused the company of land speculation, claiming its loans were unsecured.
Who made the remark and what was he talking about?
Mr. Wicker also omitted mention of some even more revealing statistics: The N.I.J.
Turn and cook about two minutes on the second side.
Minsky, a pioneer in the field since before it had a name, describes the new debate in terms of what might be called the Bird's Nest Problem.
McEnroe and Curren each scored six aces.
You always got to hope when it's your brother, someone you pushed around in a baby carriage.''
This view is reinforced by an extensive study of plant closings during the 1970's by Roger W. Schmenner, associate professor of Duke University's School of Business.
However, that part of the ''return'' received by Japan represents no resource cost to the United States.
Like the mills of God, the houses of Congress grind slowly - so slowly, in fact, that by the time they pass protective legislation, an endangered species may be almost extinct.The Puerto Rican parrot, for example, was reduced to 13 birds before Congressionally aided efforts reversed the trend.
and the Triborough Bridge and Tunnel Authority, an M.T.A.
Mr. Wilson's car, a 1979 Lincoln Continental, was impounded by the police in Arlington, Va., from a garage at the Congressman's residence about an hour after the accident, which occurred at 9:15 P.M. Thursday, officials said.
''We couldn't afford a demolition and didn't envisage it being in the film,'' Miss Gordimer said.
Miss Grant, thin and bespectacled, sobbed and hugged herself as the jury read its verdict after nine hours.
The Washington Supreme Court agreed with the utilities' position.
But later in the afternoon, a brief Solidarity radio broadcast could be heard in some parts of the city, breaking through on the Polish state radio's FM band.
He may never be more powerful than now.
Could Con Edison have limited the damage by shutting down the substation before the water knocked it out?
A high vote for him will tell party leaders to avoid the squabbling that last year put his nomination in doubt.
That is why, after seven seasons with the Milwaukee Bucks, Nelson is no average head coach.
b-After a pretax loss of $1,300,000 to cover the devaluation of the Brazilian Cruzeiro.
Shorter's view of Western family relationships before the late 19th century closely resembles that of the inhabitants of Tierra del Fuego when Charles Darwin encountered them.
All were stripped of their shields and guns and assigned to nonpolice duties pending their departmental trials.
The foreign-born players will not want to see Team America look good, because it could lead to more jobs for Americans.
Declines in membership emerged as a serious problem for many unions in the 1970's, with the nationwide recession, and the resulting layoffs, causing further drops in the last two years.
Moore won the Catholic High Schools Athletic Association title by beating Farrell, 7-2.
After a timeout, Cummings closed the gap again, hitting a 15-footer from the baseline to make the score 100-98.
If applied at a heavier rate (50 ppm of NAd, for example) the hormonetype spray forces unwanted fruits to drop.
The similarities between the two incidents abound.
The fans up North get their first glimpse of the Yankees on television.
Mathias Jr., Republican of Maryland, who demurred on the ground that it promised more than the United States would deliver and would lead only to dashed hopes for the Afghans.
That means that the Democrats have a chance to take advantage of a truism of Deep South politics that also has relevance for other Southern tier states.
Patty Rizzo finished fourth with 292, while Cathy Morse finished at 293 for fifth.
The surgery was to repair ruptured air sacs in his lungs, replace a broken ventricle in the heart and to halt chronic nosebleeds.
The gold was believed to be worth about $40 million.
The huge litigation costs have fueled a clamor by some defendants and others for a legislative solution.
Environmental, financial and engineering studies are to be conducted first.
The three men can be seen at 11 P.M. on Fridays and Saturdays through April 16 at the Dance Theater Workshop, 219 West 19th Street, in the Chelsea section of Manhattan, as part of the late-night ''Economy Tires Theater'' series.
The solution was to build where there were no structures to be razed or moved - on nine and a half acres of land, with air rights above the Massachusetts Turnpike's Boston extension.
But the leader, Hussein Musavi, who heads a Shiite organization called Islamic Amal, said he saluted what he called ''this good deed'' and added, ''I bow before the souls of the martyrs who carried out this operation.''
Yet many of the most promising potential development sites outside Manhattan are privately owned.
Panic, he says, is one of the greatest dangers in a heart attack, and we are reminded of ''the panic inherent in creation,'' as Ernest Becker describes it in ''The Denial of Death.''
He said he had no idea when he would move back home with his wife and two children.
This reasonable policy has been woefully mishandled as Social Security denied new applicants and sent out termination notices en masse.
Yet the analogy keeps recurring.
Can a child spend too much time with a computer?
Like all Miss Marin's images, this one is devoid of excess.
Using unadjusted figures, the report said, 46,000 new homes were sold last month, compared with 52,000 in October.
Spray roses to prevent black spot.
Now, at this particular point in time, we have a peculiarity, a hiatus in the law and the procedure.
''He is able to look at what is going on and describe it.
But they have been reluctant to accept deployment.
line is the two-year-old Personal Computer, a machine that has taken such a leading role in the microcomputer industry that even I.B.M.
What some see as Mr. Clark's diffidence may be his sense of self-reliance and a calculated avoidance of dealing with others unnecessarily.
At Palau and Guadalcanal in the western Pacific, the level of the sea sank to from four to six inches below normal.
''I'm in charge of a budget of $16 billion, 800 million.''
He was instructed, on Williams's orders, by the pitching coach Larry Sherry not to throw to first base in attempt to hold the runner, Lee Lacy, there.
Williams was quoted as saying: ''It's safe to assume that a billion dollars buys a lot of goodwill.''
''We're a powerful coalition and we have the same enemy,'' said Michele Smith, a delegate from New Orleans.
''If they put us up with American Express and Shearson, it will give us more of a national image.
In that instance, the uranium fuel burned up high in the atmosphere, causing no problem, but several fragments from the rest of the craft survived to fall over northern Canada.
End to Uncertainty Seen Bob Lekberg, grain analyst for Shearson/American Express in Chicago, said the Leslie estimates eliminated a good deal of uncertainty that had built up in expectation of next Monday's Agriculture Department crop report.
Her mother, Ann Jones, is past chairman of the Albany Board of Education.
''We have had discussions with Treasury and O.M.B.''
There also is a large rose window designed and made by the artisans in Bryn Athyn showing the white horse of the Apocalypse.
The Xerox Corporation introduced a personal computer that can perform two separate operations at the same time.
Counting only felonies, reported complaints decreased in 16 of the 21 Manhattan precincts, 9 of the 11 Bronx precincts, 20 of the 23 Brooklyn precincts, 13 of the 15 Queens precincts and 2 of the 3 Staten Island precincts.
In the first place, the Marines' ''mission'' - to the extent Mr. Reagan has made it clear - is one of cross-purposes.
The former Vice President said Mr. Reagan had cut education programs more deeply than any previous President and, in addition, had plunged the nation into its deepest recession in four decades, thus escalating unemployment among blacks.
Although it does not have high priority, Mr. Rodino expressed strong interest in measures to curb large corporate takeovers.
''As long as I run it,'' said Mr. Cooley, ''I'll be happy.''
Utilities told Washington Public Power Supply they will go to court if necessary to protect $700 million spent on a nuclear plant they fear may be terminated.
Dr. Anna Lou Dehavenon, an urban and medical anthropologist who conducted the research for the welfare committee, said that people had failed to comply with procedures for various reasons, such as not having received mail from the H.R.A.
Using a Personal Computer XT/ 370, I.B.M.
Private grants and donations have enabled some branches to offer occasional Sunday service in recent years.
''I think everything will work out for them,'' he said.
A newly landscaped main entrance to the conservatory has been restored to reflect its Victorian style.
Officials said they had not ruled out the possibility of less costly reproduction for the masses later on.
Oil Crisis Helped New York No one, however, denies Manhattan's financial business is surging.
It is entirely different from information got at classes and in lectures.
But ''Fame'' was then picked up by a consortium headed by M-G-M Television, to be distributed in syndication to individual stations, some of which, ironically, may be affiliates of NBC.
Many institutions caught in this bizarre squeeze are experimenting with investment and marketing alternatives they never would have dreamed of only a few months ago.
Every piece of music makes its own rules, and you have by a great effort to understand those rules and then play within them, like playing roles -within those psychological barriers you can do almost anything.
Chad's Information Minister, Soumaila Mahamat, said in an interview today that fighting was intense at Oum Chalouba, about 175 miles north of the Government stronghold at Abeche.
Mr. Matthews quoted Mr. O'Neill as commenting, ''Washington needs a joke, and Watt fulfills the role beautifully.''
''So far we're not impressed,'' said Mr. Kaplan.
The board voted unanimously for a lease and sale of city property in the Atlantic Terminal urban renewal area, a zoning change and a special parking permit to let The News expand its plant at Pacific Street and Carlton Avenue.
Even though the system has been given a temporary reprieve, no President, no Congress, no politically appointed commission can deal realististically with this matter because, frankly, they are afraid of us.
The presence of the English was particularly telling in the touching scenes with Idomeneo (Luciano Pavarotti) and his son Idamante (Frederica von Stade), when the emotional byplay was being carried on at many levels.
Defense Department officials said that if the performance of General Kelley or any other service chief was questioned, the individual would not be involved in decisions about disciplinary action.
What we have lost are the efforts of a gifted sculptor, Fra Giovan' Montorsoli, to reconstruct the original masterpiece.
To say we didn't win because Andre got hurt is awfully alibi-ish.
Another parent and school board member, Eileen Curinga, cited examples of how writing for her children had become ''a normal, natural process.''
'We know that because many of them worked for us.
''There wasn't a salmon to be caught.
In later United States trading, Republic National Bank quoted gold at $503 an ounce, up $3 in light trading, dealers said.
Most of them still smile at you and say ''hello'' as they pass, on foot, on bikes, towing handwagons or steering three-wheeled golf carts.
The nuclear regulatory agency has declined to comment on the trial.
It was unfortunate that I played so late yesterday, but that's what happens with older players.''
Mr. Levin explained that he enrolled in law school ''to see if the dreams of youth are the realities of the present.''
Deforestation not only permits more melted snow and rain to run off into the rivers but also causes riverbeds to clog more rapidly with silt.
What is interesting here is that the shift of emphasis has not betrayed the ballet.
Following are excerpts from a transcript of a news conference held here today by Secretary of State George P. Shultz, as recorded by The New York Times: Special to the New York Times I thought I would pre-empt a moment or two of John Hughes's time to make a statement on behalf of the President.
Miss Frank's independent agency oversees 575 miles of city waterfront and 14 public markets.
Still, they can make a case of sorts that they were ''invited'' in; and in the final analysis both nations, whatever their pretexts, acted to assert their perceived interests in what each considers - the Russians openly - its proper sphere of influence.
Sanford I. Weill, president of American Express, said in an interview that the contract ran 75 pages.
And combined with the rising costs of car insurance, maintenance and the cost of the cars themselves, behavior patterns have changed fundamentally.
Mooching Cigarettes From Aides Senator Domenici, a chain smoker who ran out of cigarettes two days in a row and cadged from aides, spent Thursday afternoon alternately huddling with committee Republicans in the office of the Senate majority leader, Howard H. Baker Jr. of Tennessee, and negotiating with Senator Chiles.
Amparo Alverio, an interviewer assisting Miss Mackey, said some of the employees may have to face a different world.
No explanation was given why the kidnapping was kept secret for a week, but police roadblocks were seen around the capital on the day of the kidnapping and rumors that a family member had been abducted have circulated in the city all week.
One example of an ordinance that actually is harmful to the environment, according to Mr. Moore, is the requirement that storm drains be installed in new developments.
Miss Duras has said that it's as though what she writes ''were there beforehand.
When they've worked together awhile, they play like a team.''
The arteries of her shaven pate swell, meandering to the forhead which is accentuated with glittering silver powder.
''But yes, it's the kind of service that if one bank offers it, the customers in the bank across the street are going to ask why they can't get it there.''
That facet will be brought to the judge's attention, too, Mr. Schwarz said.
''He won't be our first author to go on tour or even our first to get on network television,'' a Harvard spokesman said.
''We had all sorts of rides in the old days at the Sunrise,'' he said, ''including a ferris wheel.''
''I don't think it's a matter of money,'' said Gerald Tockman, a labor attorney in St. Louis who is representing Cribbs.
Mr. Rostenkowski, who called the bill a bad political maneuver, said: ''There are a lot of people who want to take disappearing pills today.''
He refused to specify them.
He specialized in the study of microscopical properties and behavior of chemicals, construction materials and manufactured products.
The musical edition is the same as before, generous in its restoration of passages that used to be cut routinely.
International Washington criticized apartheid as ''morally wrong'' in the Reagan Administration's most comprehensive statement on southern Africa in nearly two years.
Her mother, Gloria Reamer, is a reading specialist with the Kingston school system.
''There will be more room for manufacturers to maneuver, more room for innovative ideas to succeed.''
Spread an additional layer of roofing cement over the entire blistered area, carrying it at least three to four inches past the cut mark at each end.
Settlement Was Proposed Under pressure from Federal District Judge Robert P. Aguilar, a settlement was proposed that would have divided $260,000 among the plaintiffs and given their lawyers $500,000 for fees and expenses.
The Federal judge in the bribery, extortion and conspiracy trial of Harold J. Ruvoldt Jr., the suspended Hudson County Prosecutor, said today that he might drop a bribery charge.
Although Carew was hitless against the Tigers, other Angels were more successful.
In the 12 months ended last March 31, the end of Japan's fiscal year, American companies toted up only $38 million in sales to N.T.T., or about 1 percent of its total purchases.
''It's disturbing - they have a process they are supposed to follow and they did not,'' Mr. Turner said.
The Governor's Problems Despite his taste (he flew to New York for his haircuts), his infelicitous style of communication (''You could have knocked me over with a fine-toothed comb,'' he told one audience), his personal problems (he drank too much), his natural disinclination for the political arts and his stubborn impatience with Arkansas's ruraloriented government, Winthrop Rockefeller seems destined for a place of honor in the state's history.
Doesn't your man deserve MAS-CU-LEAN?
Under Japanese trademark law, the food distributor, Marushin Foods Company, could become its owner.
''Too high-brow for the job, I knew it.''
Resto's gloves were impounded by the commission after the fight.
Mr. Richardson speaking sagely of Freud: ''I've always been intrigued by his picture of life -the sex down there, the caretaker up here.
Through August, publicized new Eurocurrency bank credits to all developing countries totaled $26.9 billion, according to Morgan Guaranty.
Word leaks out of your top advisers conspiring to reverse your policies; you are seen as an object for them to manipulate, not their boss....'' Norman C. Miller, The Wall Street Journal's Washington bureau chief, writes: ''A whiff of panic emanates from the Reagan Administration....
So far, protest there has been virtually nonexistent.
The Jets lost by 20-19.
The gathering late last week seemed, for so many, like old times.
One was the great photographer August Sander, whom he depicted at his home in Germany during the early 1950's.
It just doesn't make sense to me to see one partner walking away and doing very well, while one is left with the children and winds up bearing all the burden and responsibility.''
Year-ago results have been restated to reflect discontinued operations.
Carlo de Benedetti, the president and controlling shareholder of Olivetti, the big Italian office machinery maker, is seeking a substantial reduction in the French Government's 30 percent interest in his company, French business executives said today.
suspect and wounded two others in the first undercover action taken as a result of the clamor raised by the Unionists.
Linda BrownKathleen Quinlan Dickie ReynoldsMark Metcalf Miss DarlingNancy Kulp Frank GallowayJohn Braden Steven GayneRichard Venture FlogdellRichard Woods Genevieve LangKimberly Farr ButchMavin Greene ChuckPeter Hydock
Turkeys like ''Attack of the Killer Tomatoes,'' ''Bela Lugosi Meets the Brooklyn Gorilla'' and ''Beyond the Valley of the Dolls.''
Do you know how the name came about?
Even many Congressmen who supported the extension of the War Powers Act did so not because they believed it desirable but because they feared that the Administration would hold them responsible when things got worse.
''The Russians in the past didn't have many good goalies, Tretiak is the best they've had in the past 15 years.
Houma, a rich little city of live oaks and mock French houses, is two hours west of New Orleans and I stopped there for a couple of small indulgences - a restaurant, of course, and a cold, rainy, exhilarating tour of a swamp.
Beverly Sills is the opera's general director.
''She was one of those girls who had it all,'' he told The Chicago Tribune.
Type III, known as ferrichrome tape, employs a combination of chrome and ferric materials, yielding a pungent but bloated sound, hypertrophied at top and bottom.
The most valuable lot is called ''The Great Mordecai,'' a collection of the 13th-century scholarly writings of Mordecai Ben Hillel and his contemporaries, transcribed by students after his death.
They were found guilty in a jury trial in February after they refused to testify before a grand jury investigating bombings attributed to the F.A.L.N., the group seeking independence for Puerto Rico.
Proton beams fired from a cyclotron into the brain destroyed blood vessel malformations in some patients, averting a hemorrhage that can cause fatal stroke or severe neurologic damage, researchers said today.
This is surely not good writing but ''fine writing'' in the pejorative sense - words used complacently and cloyingly to inflate banal or uncertain perceptions.
Metal factory-made chimneys, which sometimes buckle and allow smoke and hot gases to escape, are responsible for 22,500 fires annually, the commission said in a statement issued last week.
In recent years, opposition to court-ordered busing has received additional support from an unexpected quarter: from blacks themselves.
I'm afraid you will ask me to take back my restaurant meals and fancy foods and store-bought flowers and use my money instead to help solve some of the problems of my world.
We realized then that the violence might have become usual to them.
Language offered by Mayor Donald Fraser of Minneapolis and approved by the committee said the issuance of one category of such bonds should be ''limited to or of benefit to distressed areas and areas targeted by local governments for rehabilitation.''
Cars going east on 96th Street could not get onto the drive because it held a solid line of cars.
And yet, officials said, the Administration did not want marines attacking Moslem positions in defense of the Christian-dominated Government because this would increase the risk of casualties, cause problems in the United States and lead to anti-American moves in Arab countries.
Wine, with certain exceptions, is custom-made, not mass-produced.
Mike Boddicker (26, RH, 16-8, 2.77) The pitching injuries hurt, but they enabled Boddicker to reach the majors after starting his fifth season at Rochester.
These practices might be tolerable in a city where there were more than enough apartments to go around and it was therefore a buyer's market, but the opposite is the case in Manhattan, where the above abuses and others even worse have become an epidemic.
''But there it's important to make it clear we're not necessarily committed to the highest dollar bid.''
Particular pain was expressed by, and on behalf of, priests who have petitioned the Pope for dispensation from their vows of celibacy, which automatically also means removal from the ministry, and have received no reply.
While the Soviet players were trying to tune their passes, the Flames moved in with heavy checking and threw the visitors further off stride.
Saturday 1:30 P.M. ''Red Beard'' (1965), Japan, Akira Kurosawa.
It's like he's living in the 1800's.
Asked how he knew it was unprovoked, Mr. Catto said, ''We've heard nothing that would lead us to believe that he was doing anything that would have annoyed, to put it mildly, assailants or strangers.''
When Sheila and Carl decide to get married, her parents are uneasy but generally supportive.
But I don't think I have to rest for a couple of series.
They also liked Morgan's detailed proposals for serving as fiduciary and manager of the $4.7 billion pension fund.
History - including Mr. Rios Montt's own broken promises - argues against optimism.
The fact that Evelyn Hart of the Royal Winnipeg Ballet danced the title role in ''Giselle'' at the O'Keefe Center in Toronto on Saturday night might not seem immediately significant to North American balletgoers.
The dispute started after Mr. Koch went to San Francisco to give a speech complaining that candidates for the Democratic nomination for President were ignoring the party's ''mainstream.''
Close, but certainly not close enough yet.
The bride is the granddaughter of the late Rev.
''They are the ones who can tell us about their parents and relatives and what Ellsworth looked like 60 and 70 years ago.''
Radio - WHN, 1050; 5:30 P.M.) Chicago Cubs vs. Atlanta Braves , at Atlanta Fulton County Stadium.
The final decision on the sewer line rests with the county, but the New Castle Town Board can make a recommendation, and it has changed positions twice on the location of the line.
Who is your Foreign Minister, anyway - Mr. Genscher or Mr.
The Bandits were impressive in winning three preseason scrimmages.
''If you called a year ago and asked odds on Chrysler doing the third-largest equity offer a year later, you would have gotten either odds of 10,000 to 1 or the men in the white coats.''
His early movies were hugely successful.
A Point of Agreement One of the few points on which Mr. Cohalan and Mr. Pierce agreed was that the Shoreham plant - which was proposed 20 years ago and has suffered frequent delays and cost increases in the years since then - had become a case study in the need to change the nuclear regulatory process.
In the over-the-counter market, the Nasdaq composite index was up 0.58, to 276.21.
To help in assessing their capabilities, here's a brief checklist of important points: * Comb filter for sharper pictures and better color.
Dr. Gerber conceded that managing a program where learning was occurring in a variety of contexts at different rates was difficult.
My nose is even with the window where she crouched, searching the sky for birds and the chestnut tree beneath for changes in the seasons.
The boy in the film -being rejected by the army - tries to create an army artificially.''
Immigrants do carry the customs of their countries in their baggage, and we are all, save the Indians, immigrants or their children.
''He went down in the 12th round.
Members of other famiies, meeting the children for the first time, were a little shy as they reached for the hand of a new friend.
The average was $2,808 a screening for the period, which included the Washington's Birthday national holiday.
The United States has already announced that it is withholding its share of the cost - about $1.5 million - of sponsoring the Geneva conference.
''It would be harder to imagine an M.I.S.
But Mr. McCarthy was nevertheless bent on advertising his ''vindication.''
There are questions about medical background and previous diagnoses (''tendinitis; nerve entrapment syndrome; thoracic outlet syndrome; carpal tunnel syndrome; arthritis''), and questions about previous treatments.
The decision, by Judge Lee P. Gagliardi of United States District Court in Manhattan, was based largely on a statistical examination of salaries.
More than half of those who have completed the intensive one-week course have returned to work, according to Dr. William Greenfield, an associate dean at the College of Dentistry.
Earle Bruce, the Ohio State coach, credited Long with ''coming with the knockout blows with that long pass to Moritz.''
No overacting or amateurish stage histrionics clap their hammy, destructive hands in this production.
According to Alexander Poe, a resident since 1977 and now the acting superintendent for the city, the building had heat only one month last winter.
In the market today, there is a scramble back to liquidity, and that makes eminent sense.
The other day in the HEA offices at 219 East 49th Street Mr. Gorgoni was talking about the business with Susan Hamilton, president, and Bernard H. Drayton, who are two of the four producers.
''We are fighting the same fight as 80 years ago,'' he said, ''because the shops today are similar: one person, one machine.''
SUPPLY AND DEMAND: A pair of articles will describe new patterns in where fuels come from and how they are used.
In this novel Mr. King proves once again that there is no substitute for the art of storytelling.
International Bell Canada Enterprises has generated wide new interest by trying to acquire a major stake in TransCanada Pipelines.
But that criticism disturbs Earl Weaver.
They gobbled salami sandwiches on Italian bread from Mike Grecco's delicatessen and tarts from the Artuso Pastry Shop.
Most economists agreed that the 3.9 percent rate was too low because of the downward distortions from the drop in mortgage rates.
President Reagan signed a bill today that kills his plan to sell Government weather satellites to private industry.
Call From Feeney Wilson had been in camp for two days, but he was sent home after the Mets got a phone call Tuesday from Charles Feeney, president of the league, warning them that the starting time was Feb. 24.
b-Including a tax credit of $1.3 million.
Only one of the students here is the offspring of a senior official.
The market's two other major indexes also ended lower yesterday.
The most famous crayfish recipe in Creole cookery is also called etouffee, and there seem to be few duplicate recipes for it.
If universal service can be made as practical as it is worthy, it would be wholly worth paying for.
But when Arabs speak of this, it is often with an underlying tone of contempt.
An elderly woman with a walker said: ''My name is not important.
But that drive has lost much of its steam since Sept. 1, when a South Korean airline carrying 269 people was downed by a Soviet fighter over Sakhalin Island.
Kaiser, which traded today after the announcement of the agreement, closed at $35 on the New York Stock Exchange.
According to the contract, SLM is to receive one-third of the studio's rental revenues from each film until its share of the production and estimated distribution costs, plus interest, are covered, Mr. Levin said.
as Mayor White has done.
If ''our nation is at risk,'' he asked, ''is it possible for the President of the United States to fulfill his constitutional responsibilities by doing nothing other than making speeches urging other people to do something about it?
The velvet-soft wool takes its colors from the islands' sheep, offwhite, smoky gray and several browns, with a subtle ribbon of yellow, produced with a dye made from lichen, running through the design at the wrists and the yoke.
In July 1981, the agency accepted a staff recommendation to delay consideration of a rule until the industry's voluntary labeling efforts could be evaluated.
Certainly there is still truth in these vignettes.
Under a deal approved by Ford directors, the company's Ford Land Development subsidiary, which OWNED 65 PERCENT OF THE PROJECT AND DEFAULTED ON ITS $200 MILLION MORTGAGE IN JANUARY, Transferred majority ownership to the lenders.
''If you cross Mr. T,'' said Ed Schuyler, ''he'll dot both your eyes.''
Lucy Katherine Brown, daughter of Betsy Brown of Ossining, N.Y., and the late Charles H. Brown, was married yesterday to Dr. Lawrence H. Vinis, son of Mr. and Mrs. Jack T. Vinis of Warrenton, Va.
Ted Kitchel, Indiana University's leading scorer in basketball, will probably be out for the remainder of the season because of a back injury, a school spokesman said yesterday.
VIRTUALLY everyone now agrees that the United States economy has been in a recovery since the end of last year or the beginning of this one.
The shelling eased somewhat about 8:30 A.M., they said, but continued until noon, when there was a brief period of quiet.
Results for New York City are not complete.
Failure of Parts Possible Mr. Dupree said investigators had found that ''there have been some alterations of documents'' to indicate that companies had done testing they did not actually perform.
Vitas Gerulaitis, who had been seeded third, withdrew last week, as did Jay Lapidus and Vince Van Patten.
''We've had a tough time putting things together,'' Shula said as the Dolphins prepared to play the Jets at Shea Stadium Sunday; both teams are 3-3.
''The regulations governing insurance issuers in South Dakota are among the incentives for our taking this action,'' said Bob Fienberg, vice president for corporate public relations at BankAmerica in San Francisco.
In ''King of Comedy,'' the director's camera is even more static; it represents, he explains, an effort to simplify things further.
For example, a reader would have to wonder why, as Representative from such a seemingly wealthy district, I vote for programs such as Medicaid, Medicare, mass transit and legal services for the poor.
needs only to trim $1,500 from its current costs to match the Japanese.
He was born in New York and received a bachelor's degree from the State University of New York at New Paltz and a master's degree from Cornell University.
Frustration is high here because little seems to have been done to protect residential areas since 1979, when an Easter Sunday flood swept through the city and did $235 million in damage.
Justice Rehnquist was the second Supreme Court justice in two days to reject the petition delivered here by Marvin White, Mississippi's assistant attorney general.
Bring water to gentle boil, cover saucepan, lower heat and steam for 2 1/2 to 3 hours, or until cake tester comes out clean.
''The story is that somehow Orange County has lost its appeal, that somehow we blew it and we aren't the same place we were 20 years ago,'' he said.
Supervisor Nancy Walker said she believed government should not legislate the office habits of workers, and she said she suspected the law would not be enforceable.
There's no way for bankruptcy courts to handle future claims.
The collection of the 84-year-old Dr. Neustadt, a retired Viennese-born orthodontist, who developed Candlewood Lake Estates, a 400-acre tract in Sherman, Conn., began when he and his late wife, Hildegard, bought their first Tiffany lamp in 1935.
A bumptious but vigorously played rendition of Rossini's Overture to ''William Tell'' opened the program.
He does it by calling out a color.
Members of the organization represent a broad spectrum, from judges and bankers and playwrights to students and carpenters and bartenders.
Don't put the blankets in this time, the father says.
But the Prime Minister now has a clear mandate to carry on with the economic crusade that once brought her so low in public opinion.
Mr. Dumas, the spokesman for Mr. Anderson, said Senate leaders had not yet discussed the bill, but were inclined to support Mr. Regan, a fellow Republican.
What Vartanyan is ready for is still far from the exchange that the problem requires.
They try to put the focus on Smitty, but if any other goaltender had done that, nobody would have said anything.
Robert Sherman DANCE The dance offerings at Summerfare are as diverse as they are international, bringing together ballet, modern dance and ethnic ritual.
Termed a Legislative Question ''The issue of abortion must be resolved by democratic process,'' Mr. Reagan declared in his White House statement.
Its heart is Russian, crossed perilously with something whirling, elementary - to use an old fashioned word, atomic.
I fancied I could hear old Gibbon grumbling down there in my pocket.
HANSEL AND GRETEL, a puppet show by the Papageno Puppet Theater, with Susan Delery Whedon, a soprano with the New York City Opera, Saturday at 1 and 2 P.M. at the Y.M.C.A., 5 West 63d Street.
Or we would go to the bay to watch aquaplaning and waterskiing, followed by the best fireworks display we've ever seen.
In 1421, the foundations of the original Norman choir gave way and it fell, to be replaced by a choir in the late Gothic style.
Recorded Books (155) will offer cassettes of books read aloud, and L.T.
''I had actually planned to keep it for a long time in hopes that someday it would be worth a lot of money,'' Mrs. Oberle wrote in a letter.
We will be moving in about three minutes.''
Is it essential that we now turn these batts of insulation over to make them more effective?
They are pruning unwanted divisions.
Classified Documents Cited But Immigration and Naturalization Service officials have since said their actions were based on information in classified documents, which they have refused to make available to Mr. Brutus or his attorney.
Mondale, can we assume you will tell us exactly where you will find all those billions of dollars?''
King Hussein of Jordan arrived in Baghdad today accompanied by his Prime Minister, Modar Badran, and other senior aides, the official Iraqi press agency said.
His father is principal of the Brookside School in Cranford and affirmative actions officer for the Cranford school system.
''It's tough when it comes down to human judgment,'' Dyer said.
Officials at the laboratory said the discovery provided ''the first scientific opportunity to study what may be an early solar system accreting from stellar debris'' in the same manner as the Sun and planets of this system.
''I hope not,'' said Mr.
Sony production this year should reach nearly 2.3 million units, up from 1.9 million in 1982 - although that is not enough to offset Sony's share of a market that is increasing at a much faster pace.
They have the talent and they keep supplying it, and they achieve stability.''
Laabs played 11 major league seasons, with the Detroit Tigers, the St. Louis Browns and the Philadelphia Athletics.
But it said that in view of the international attention paid to the case, it had decided to invite experts to make their own findings.
The delegates also voted to lobby Congress to cut off funds for the production, testing and deployment of nuclear weapons while ''calling for'' the Soviet Union to curtail its weapons program as well.
Nor will a penalty apply if they pay 90 percent of the actual tax due, computed for each period in question.
Powell Duffryn, as part of the deal, bought a 13.1 percent share in IBH, then worth $1.1 million, for $12.3 million.
The information on the Japanese diplomatic cable traffic is contained in a series of volumes published by the Defense Department in 1977 under the title ''The 'Magic' Background of Pearl Harbor.''
University officials said the gift was made official about six weeks ago when the transfer of stocks was completed.
''It may be unlimited, or we may require appointments or scheduled tours.''
He has promised to repeal the scheduled tax cuts for people with incomes over $60,000 a year, to repeal income-tax indexing and ''put a lid on hospital costs.''
Last March Mr. Jones was arrested in a case in which Richard Gilberti, a driver for Peerless Imports, was hijacked with a load of 360 cases of liquor valued at $27,000.
Even here, LaRosa will get $750,000 and Theresa $500,000 of Pryor's purse.
But consider the unemployed fellow who finally lands a job.
JENNIFER A. RICHMOND Northport, N.Y.
Marshall W. Mason directs the Circle Rep company.
Assembly Speaker Stanley Fink, a Democrat of Brooklyn, said he didn't think much of the agreement but would go along with it to end what he called a ''ridiculous impasse.''
Three weeks later Seth was drinking Scotch in a restaurant called Chianti and so was Richard Gere.
Then it's Lincoln Avenue for a mile to Anderson Hill Road, taking a right, with the campus immediately to the left.
Aside from the three times he led off games, making singles each time, Randolph batted 12 times and made the last out in an inning 10 of those times with a total of 12 runners on base.
He was 80 years old and lived in Miami since his retirement in 1975.
The 70-year-old craft was used for river transport in Africa until the director John Huston purchased it for his 1951 movie of the same name starring Humphrey Bogart and Katharine Hepburn.
And the fact that many prisoners are locked up for only a fraction of the terms pronounced by trial judges has fostered public confusion and cynicism about the honesty of the system.
This would have involved almost as many reporters as Cubans on the island, and maybe as many cameras as helicopters.
Volume Offsetting Price Western diplomats and bankers here believe that, for now, Moscow's increased oil sales are offsetting the impact of falling prices, and that Soviet energy earnings from the West this year will equal or slightly exceed last year's $20 billion, unless the oil price falls to $25 or less a barrel.
The Jets surprised their followers by their first-round pick in the National Football League draft, but John Elway, the No.
This amounts to a tax on the sick.
Like the E.P.A., the academy also warned that the greenhouse effect was not likely to be prevented by reducing the use of coal and oil, the major sources of the carbon dioxide in the atmosphere.
(Television - Channel 4, 8 P.M. Radio - WCBS, 880; 8:10 P.M.) Hockey Devils vs. Rangers, at Byrne Meadowlands Arena, 7:35 P.M.
"It's very good to be bilingual in this county," said Mrs. Lazo.
The Impressions' hits of the mid-60's were some of the biggest soul hits of the entire decade, and they became inextricably linked to the civil rights struggle, especially after Dr. King and Jesse Jackson adopted ''Keep On Pushing'' as a kind of unofficial theme or fight song.
Last April, at the height of the legislative fight, Mr. Reagan said he was ''carrying my veto pen right behind my ear'' and that he was ''all set'' to use it if the repeal was approved.
From that point, he suggested, it is an easy leap to the belief that ''we had better do something about it.''
To the Editor: Messrs. Levin's and Arluke's article ''Our Elderly's Fate'' draws attention to a uniquely pressing problem in our culture - that of the misjudgment and maltreatment of our elderly (Op-Ed Sept. 29).
For years, says Mr. Presser, the union drifted under his predecessors, Frank E. Fitzsimmonsand Roy L. Williams, as each faced health problems and Mr. Williams was convicted in Federal court in Chicago of bribery conspiracy charges.
Massachusetts is 1-6 and 5-13.
He said of the State Department decision: ''I believe American officials were convinced by the consistency of my record.
will show me in the computer my agency now uses.''
Historic Track, at Goshen, N.Y., 1:30 P.M.
When this won, and the nine fell from East, Breck began to feel hopeful.
The gross national product measures the nation's total output of goods and services, and not since the fourth quarter of 1965, just before the Vietnam War buildup began to overheat the economy, has it grown faster with lower price increases in one quarter.
In one version, there was a ''car-court cluster,'' in which a broad cobblestone court is surrounded by houses, each with a garage.
These had to be built with imported materials and labor, and while they were being raised, the knights had to withstand a number of Turkish attacks and finally, in 1565, the Great Siege of Malta.
Jeffrey Jacobsen, a District 65 organizer, said one employee had been discharged because of union sympathies.
At some point we began to believe that humans are disconnected from nature, superior to it and should pursue dominion over it.
The rules, the department estimates, allow for an accident that would kill five people and cause up to $9 billion in immediate damages once in 300 million years.
Mr. Mahler has been convicted of multiple criminal dumping violations in Pennsylvania and New Jersey and of dumping and bribery in New York.
A group called the White Panthers has forced a special election to decide whether the Mayor of (New Orleans/Miami/Chicago/San Francisco) should be removed from office.
On Longboat Key, the restaurant of the Far Horizons Motel at 2401 Gulf of Mexico Drive, features chicken roasted with thyme at $12.75 and a rack of lamb with Proven,cal herbs for two at $35 (813-383-2441).
Instead, even though placards of Marx, Lenin and Engels still dominate Revolution Square in Addis Ababa, Ethiopia, there are indications from there and from Mozambique as well that it may be time for better, even normal relations with the West.
Miss Wagner believes this tableau conveys perfectly her grandfather's underlying question as to whether, no matter the periodic cleansings, man can have a future.
Though Biberkopf had inspired, and haunted, Fassbinder for years, Mr. Lamprecht says they never talked about the director's conception of the man - a passionate, occasionally violent but ultimately innocent and gullible figure.
Leaving from Rio, you take Avenida Brasil, the industry-lined road that goes by the international airport.
It is unclear where the Court's current mood will take it.
Mr. Kaufman said the jeans were manufactured in Hong Kong, shipped to a warehouse in Cliffside Park, N.J., and distributed throughout the New York metropolitan area ''in small stores, not the major department stores.''
''The financing package was under way prior to the implantation,'' said Tom Weinberger, an analyst with the New York firm of Rothschild, Unterberg & Towbin.
He was English and, moreover, had spent his formative years in a Lancashire mill town.
She lost custody after the birth of Jennifer and then regained it.
The ''Phoenix with snow'' theory about Denver's winters took its first beating in last year's Christmas blizzard, when two feet of snow was piled by strong winds into drifts that paralyzed the city for several days.
''Someone described him as one of the loneliest characters in modern literature,'' Mr. Richardson says.
''In Washington, we call these things private sector initiatives,'' Mr. Reagan said.
National The unemployment rate declined slightly in May as employment increased sharply, the Labor Department said in reporting that the rate had declined to 10 percent from 10.1 percent in April.
For holders who are following the breakup closely and think they may want to consolidate their holdings, Mr. Wolff and the other analysts said the best move may be to wait at least until first-quarter results are reported next year.
For two weeks, Mr. O'Rourke has been broadcasting commercials ''very strongly geared to the motorist'' three times a day on southern Westchester radio stations, according to Keith E. Barber, a Transportation Deartment official.
Either way, the two groups remain conscious of each other and though it doesn't necessarily guarantee superlative shows or new geniuses, the relationship contributes to the city's supremacy as an art capital.
Tandberg also takes account of the sudden loudness peaks presented to the amplifier by the laser recordings.
In France, this shift from a kind of rational realism to a concern with the inner life of emotion and intuition had a brief fling under the banner of Fauvism.
The bill recognizes the traditional determination, based on a cessation of heart and lung functions, as well as brain death, the irreversible cessation of all functions of the entire brain, including the stem.
Harvard 79 Manhattan 73 CAMBRIDGE, Mass.
Giletti, a Frenchman, was the men's world champion in 1960 and 1961, and he was four times the European champion between 1955 and 1961.
Earlier this month The Times proposed contract extensions to its 10 major unions but said the offer required acceptance by all of the unions before it would be put in effect.
Supervisor a Homosexual Supervisor Milk was the first avowed homosexual to hold elective office here.
The most common and perhaps easiest way of attacking beetles is handpicking, either catching them by hand and dropping them into a canister of kerosene or tramping them underfoot.
Miss Childs, a charter member of the avant-garde Judson Dance Theater of the 1960's, has choreographed an hourlong piece bearing her Minimalist trademarks but one in which the integrity of her mathematical rigor combines with a new juicier density.
And that will help take care of the increased page sizes while continuing the ad frequency.
The bottles have been sealed in drums and locked in a trailer at the site awaiting a decision on where to send them for analysis.
The remote terminals can be ''dumb'' display screens and keyboards without memories or programming capabilities of their own and thus much less expensive than microcomputers, which are full-fledged computers with their own ''brains.''
However, she added, ''the level is not so high'' as in Japanese schools.
In spite of being so ineptly handled, the chorus sang gloriously here and elsewhere.
then approves a credit line on which the government can draw until its policy package has taken effect.
b-After a loss of $4.6 million from discontinued operations.
Mr. Mains replied: ''Before the Fed de-emphasized the M-1 money supply numbers, each rise in the figures announced every Friday afternoon would cause the cash bond market to plunge, a situation that often carried over to Monday.''
Gold, which finished at $412.50 a troy ounce in New York late Thursday, hovered around that level in Hong Kong and Europe before staging a late retreat.
Prison Renamed in 1970 The attempt at disassociation lasted until 1970, when the state renamed the prison the Ossining Correctional Facility - after the renamed village.
Princess Rooney, owned by Paula Tucker and trained by Frank Gomez, returned $2.40 for $2 to win and place and $2.20 to show, the legal minimum.
''We warn Mr. Weinberger and the Reagan Administration,'' a Movement statement said, ''that if they continue to support a usurper and dictator in Pakistan, their fate will not be different to what happened in Iran.''
''I had tried out last week in Los Angeles with the Rams and Raiders,'' said Danelo, who lives on the Coast.
In Zurich, Switzerland, the dollar reached its highest value this year against the Swiss franc.
''Besides, no sincere efforts have been made to sell the house privately.
To the Editor: There is a fundamental mistake in your Jan. 11 Issue and Debate article, ''Indexing Personal Income Tax.''
A theory that unites two of the forces, electromagnetism and the ''weak'' nuclear force seen in radioactivity, predicts three new particles known as intermediate vector bosons.
He will undertake a thorough reorganization of the state's public authorities, to make them more accountable and to use their assets more productively.
This ''gift economy,'' as one anthropologist calls it, begins with retail sales and ripples through the rest of the economic structure.
Mr. Dircks, saying the problems could not be solved by June 9, said efforts were under way to find ''what can be done in the next few weeks that would show progress.''
They are also likely to run up against a veto threat with teeth in it.
From our standpoint, these extras have a higher gross profit margin than the conventional grocery mix.
Mr. Hirsh, who had been hired by Carl Rosen, was in his job only three months.
Part of $1.5 Billion Loan The $500 million payment is part of a $1.5 billion loan granted to Argentina this year by the 300 banks.
This applies not only to major items but also to accessories.
Mr. Walton, Mr. Higgins and Mr. Williams will perform this week at Lush Life with the vibraphonist Bobby Hutcherson.
But the players are not likely to be seen flashing their jewelry.
Interpretation of Joint Resolution (A) Authority to introduce United States armed forces into hostilities or into situations wherein involvement in hostilities is clearly indicated by the circumstance shall not be inferred (1) from any provision of law (whether or not in effect before the date of the enactment of this joint resolution), including any provision contained in any appropriation act, unless such provision specifically authorizes the introduction of United States armed forces into hostilities or into such situations and states that it is intended to constitute specific statutory authorization within the meaning of this joint resolution; or (2) from any treaty heretofore or hereafter ratified unless such treaty is implemented by legislation specifically authorizing the introduction of United States armed forces into hostilities or into such situations and stating that it is intended to constitute specific statutory authorization within the meaning of this joint resolution.
In the closing stages the Norwegians were having the worst of the play against a strong Danish team.
Rodolfo Antonio Castillo, a leader of the moderate Christian Democrats, agreed.
Then we have to have progressive approvals.
Her father is a clinical professor of obstetrics and gynecology at the State University of New York College of Medicine at Syracuse.
Nearly half of the utility programs are less than four years old.
State law requires proof that a defendant ''knowingly'' possessed the stolen property and, according to many prosecutors, that proof can be elusive.
Revenues for Atari in the latest quarter tumbled 48.6 percent, to $236.8 million, from $461.1 million, in the period a year earlier.
Cut each half into four or five wedges.
John McGeehan scored Penn's touchdown from 2 yards with 5:47 left.
One of the challenges is the shortage of funds in the I.M.F.
This part of ''The Invention of Solitude'' is called ''The Book of Memory''; while it contains some ambitious and illuminating passages, it is marred, more than the first part, by recurrent pointless mannerisms apparently suggested by contemporary French ''experimental'' writing - among them a tendency toward ponderous and sententious notation.
''What we have seen in the last month or two is market instability,'' Mr. Dikko said.
In 1970, when he founded the Semiconductor Equipment and Materials Institute, a nonprofit trade show organizing agency, he spoke out for expansion of trade in electronic goods with Iron Curtain countries.
He added that wheat prices had been advancing largely in sympathy with corn and soybeans and that the price was likely to decline because of the bountiful harvest of winter wheat this year.
During the first three months of 1982, arms shipments into El Salvador surged.
''Hockey is Cornell,'' said Glenn C. VanOrden, a junior from Yaphank, L.I.
Since another oncogene had been found earlier in cells of Burkitt's lymphoma patients, the discovery seems to help confirm the recent discovery that it may often be necessary for two oncogenes of different classes to act together to get a cancer started.
Each used to amuse us with interesting stories from their businesses.
An unidentified pilot was killed today when his single-engine plane crashed into a runway while demonstrating aerial maneuvers for a competency certificate from the Federal Aviation Administration, the authorities said.
At a Moscow Philharmonic concert in London two years ago, he said, ''about 40 young Jews shouted and disrupted the concert.''
Dr. David M. Goldenberg, an internationally known cancer researcher at the University of Kentucky, has signed a letter of intent to head the new cancer research and treatment center at the University of Medicine and Dentistry of New Jersey, Governor Kean announced today.
Robert S. McMichen, the union's first vice president, had ''the preponderance of votes'' in a preliminary count, Horst Reschke, the union's public relations director, said yesterday in Colorado Springs, where the union has its headquarters.
One casualty of the Christian Democratic victory in the March 6 election is the nebulously defined academic discipline known as ''peace research.''
After 20 years the P.L.O.
Despite the bad notices given Mr. Reagan's policies by the former leaders, Mr. Schmidt insisted that they were not hostile to the Administration.
There is no motivation, no thread.
The National Conference, which now overwhelmingly controls the State Assembly, is generally favored to retain control.
A potential aggressor will consider not simply the odds of victory or defeat.
- Those who had won a tournament in the preceding year.
Against Tax Credits ''The public schools in many areas could become educational wastelands, ignored but tolerated by a society that has seen fit to take care of the more demanding parents through private alternatives,'' said David W. Breneman, the president of Kalamazoo College in Michigan.
Mr. Fassbinder, who died last year, shot it between 1979 and 1980 and finished it in 1981.
But the labor movement has survived equally grim crises.
agent in charge for northern Ohio and a longtime Mafia investigator, said the Cleveland family began dying when it stopped recruiting young members.
He leaned back in the chair in his wood-paneled office.
The favored explanation is that they have been ejected at almost, but not quite, the speed of light and are coming almost, but not quite, straight at the Earth.
''People feel better,'' he noted, ''they have money now, they're able to by things for Christmas.''
Indeed, one of the reasons that the Port Authority is eager to enter the commercial office development field is that it is flush with surplus funds - funds it accumulated by not paying taxes.
Had he failed to win the 18th hole, which Canizares conceded, Watson's winning the 17th would at best have produced a tie at 14-all.
GENERAL ASSEMBLY Outer Space Scientific and Techni- cal Subcommittee - 10:30 A.M. and 3 P.M. Committee on Non-Use of Force - 10:30 A.M. and 3 P.M. Intergovernmental Committee on the Development and Utilization of New and Renewable Sources of Energy - 10:30 A.M. and 3 P.M. ECONOMIC AND SOCIAL COUNCIL United Nations Development Pro- gram - Governing Council - 10:30 A.M. and 3 P.M. Committee on Nongovernmental Organizations - 10:30 A.M. and 3 P.M.
Virginia turned over the ball five times, and a disgusted Coach Terry Holland yelled an obscenity at his players.
And with her husband, Mrs. Noyes was responsible for the entire decor of the Smithville Inn complex.
Many of us recall the signs, the banners, the promises from all sides - we will never forget you.
And for just a few moments, you have to reflect that rarely has the human imagination gone to such lengths to deny the validity of psychoanalytic theory.
''I could never have done it without the profound constant nurturing of my husband, who spends an enormous amount of time helping raise our children.''
''It just takes love, care and attention.''
''I wasn't prepared for the reaction I had because I had watched part of the filming, and I thought having seen some of the mechanics would detract from my involvement.
As an Assemblyman, Mr. Lisa was beaten for re-election after a pamphlet was circulated in his Queens district pointing out his support of a homosexual rights bill in Albany.
''I hated it - everyone stared and pointed,'' she said.
The production, directed by Elinor Renfield and designed with appropriately repulsive griminess by John Arnone, never finds a style that might help fit Mr. Ribman's pieces together; the staging is sometimes so sloppy that even would-be peaks of horror (notably the Act I climax) can collapse.
The nuclear industry is covered by Mark Hertsgaard in ''Nuclear Inc.: The Men and Money Behind Nuclear Energy.''
Isiah Thomas scored 47 points and John Long added 41 to lead Detroit.
The Congress's defiant stance coincided with reports that the United States carrier Nimitz had been sent to patrol near Libya, and that four Airborne Warning and Control System aircraft had been sent to Egypt in reaction to what was described as a military threat by Libya to the Sudan.
Conservationists frequently oppose the construction of dams and other large water projects as environmentally destructive and they supported the requirement of state money for those projects as a way of slowing them down.
Let me reiterate: None of the Jewish organizations represented on the commission exerted any pressure on me, publicly or privately, to discontinue its work.
P N3 and 9 .
An Extra French Fillip Harriss, meanwhile, seems almost like an English store, with its racks of traditional navy blazers and tweed jackets.
It is easy to see why it might be a dieter's delight, at least in foods that do not require cooking (it breaks down, losing its sweetness, under high temperatures, as well as in very acidic substances).
Spokesmen for the industry said, however, that they were pleased with the provisions designed to prevent abuse of the bankruptcy code.
A. I like the city a lot.
At San Diego, John Pinone scored 15 of his game-high 22 points in the second half and consecutive 3-point plays by Ed Pinckney and Dwayne McClain paced Villanova in the championship game of the Cabrillo Classic.
Malaysia's national news agency said at least two people were injured in the accident.
Well, let me point something out they seem to be ignoring.
The state would lease the center and have an option to buy it back in 30 years.
Taken by Douglas Baz, they survey the same subjects as the paintings, often from the same viewpoint, but in a manner so prosaic as to border on the banal.
William has come to the small rich abbey to represent the Emperor Louis in his Christendom-shaking dispute with Pope John, then resident at Avignon.
The second official, in a separate interview, said the matter was ''highly sensitive'' and was being ''played very close to the vest.''
ROBERT SMITH Lenox, Mass., Sept. 18, 1983 The writer is author of ''Baseball in America'' and other books on the game.
Korf Industrie has not disclosed the total debt of all its operations, but these are not the subject of bankruptcy proceedings because only the parent company and the steel group are involved in the litigation.
Shoe prices still seem hair-raising to many shoppers, but the industry says they have not gone up noticeably since last year.
When Marty Fletcher took over as head coach of Virginia Military Institute's basketball program this season, there was almost nowhere to go but up.
They won because their special teams made big plays time after time.
''We want to make our team stronger, and you can't concentrate on an off-season program unless you're healthy,'' Walton said.
Many public opinion experts believe, however, that the polls reflect a general public fear of the nuclear arms race more than they do any endorsement of specific proposals to end it.
spokesman said, ''I don't know of anybody receiving a longer sentence.''
The spokesman said a decision had not been made on whether to certify Argentina for making progress in human rights, a necessary step to making it eligible for United States arms sales.
''Those who encroached on the integrity of our state,'' thundered Soviet leader Yuri Andropov a few weeks ago, ''.
But the strange alliance of General Motors with Toyota (editorial Dec. 21) has made me wonder about the passion with which the powers that be wanted to break up I.B.M.
Neither Senator D'Amato nor Senator Daniel Patrick Moynihan, the New York Democrat, had elective offices to risk when they campaigned for their Senate seats.
Yet, this theatrical experimentation is humanized by Mr. Wilder's characteristically affectionate look at the average American family - the element that links this play to his more famous ''Our Town.''
Reagan has his own history of clumsiness as an incumbent; he has generally been all thumbs so far in trying to begin to address the problem of the gender gap vote and his women's rights record.
During Sellers's senior year, Rutgers went undefeated during its regular season.
One problem for some orange growers, experts said, is finding enough workers for the speeded-up harvest.
I have always enjoyed being included in groups of men telling offcolor jokes.
That was fine with the Burches, since their horse is not a mudder and would be coming out of the third slot.
On the morning after the verdict, with the ''bells of justice'' still ringing in his ears, Jim McCarthy pulled out an old piece of plywood, painted on it the message, ''Legler beat Jackson Township,'' and placed the makeshift billboard in front of his house along Route 571.
''Then we'll see whether management sticks to these new principles.''
But West rightly leads a trump and leads another trump when the declarer concedes a diamond trick.
Companies Are Identified The Army listed these companies as manufacturers of uniform material and various parts of the uniforms: Tantex Inc. of New York City and H. Landau Inc. of Bala Cynwyd, Pa., manufacture material for the uniforms.
Some 25 species of butterflies have been identified in Central Park between April and November.
North Carolina $1,936, up from $1,813.
The debate has the familiar ring of the Vietnam years.
The battle lines were drawn yesterday.
But the Kings (1-3) closed to within 119-118 with 3:35 left.
The sound you made was a hoarse and fitful bleating.''
They fear that the West will not survive if the United S tates forsakes the production of steel and becomes a nation of i nsurance companies and fast-food restaurants.
2242 IN SEARCH OF EXCELLENCE, by Thomas J. Peters and Robert H. Waterman Jr. (Harper & Row, $19.95.)
Should Catholics who work in military plants where nuclear weapons are made resign as a matter of conscience?
Meanwhile, Dr. Roth complained, the fact that they have committed a violent act is deemed ''irrelevant.''
Such a stance could leave the Federal funds rate fluctuating around 8 3/4 percent, they estimated.
Since its introduction last fall, Colecovision has sold about 1.4 million units, according to the Video Marketing Game Letter, an industry newsletter.
For the U.S. to expect the Middle East's most cautious monarch to send a new Arab Legion wherever we want in a crisis carries wishful thinking to the point of self-delusion.
Aug. 22 to 27, Bernie Kopell will star in A.R.
Wolf's corned beef or pastrami on rye is $4.95.
Andre McCloud had 16 points and Tom Brown 14 for the Pirates, who finished the regular season in ninth and last place with only one Big East victory.
commissioner, said he strongly doubted whether the commission would change its position after the comment period.
/ Ef you don' get up, you scamp / Dey'll be trouble in dis camp.''
The Libyans control the northern third of Chad.
Nothwithstanding the astonishing cultural riches within the Palace of Liria, when all is said and done, the House of Alba is, well, just another family.
Data from the cards will be passed along to editors and sales representatives, who may be particularly pleased with comments on ''Death Stalk,'' the one novel included in the campaign.
Air Force 45, Hawaii 10 AIR FORCE ACADEMY, Colo. (UPI) - Air Force (6-2, 4-2), which entered the game with the nation's second-best rushing offense behind Nebraska's averaging 327.4 yards a game, rushed for 399 yards and had 477 total yards in the Western Athletic Conference game.
''Some of the behavior guys have pulled, if they did that on a street corner in New York, they'd be arrested,'' said Ray Moore, who was elected last week as president of the Association of Tennis Professionals, the players' union.
It was a good evening, even though the doctor had switched the place cards at the table, which my wife had put around the table (it was the last time she did so).
We will seek early ratification of the increases in resources for the International Monetary Fund and the General Arrangements to Borrow.
There has been no major fighting for a year.
I know I'll make it.''
is not likely to invade immediately.
He is survived by his wife, Maxine, who is the head coach of the women's basketball team at Tennessee State; a daughter, Bonita Traughber of Chattanooga, Tenn.; a brother, William Merritt of Cincinnati, and two grandchildren.
He assumes the $82,000-a-year post as Mr. Koch is seeking to improve his standing among black and Hispanic New Yorkers and after his predecessor, Robert J. McGuire, became preoccupied with rebutting allegations from minority group activists that the department is guilty of racially motivated brutality and abuse.
Then artists, among the 13 exhibiting in the festival will be on hand at a reception; the show includes works by Alice Neel, Frank Stella, Leon Golub and Milton Resnick.
The hotel said there were no plans to reschedule the fights.
''It usually happens when we have a lot of people downfield and the receiver doesn't know where to look, so he looks around, and then two different people hit him.''
''The strain and tension were getting very severe,'' recalls Frank A. Saunders, vice president of corporate relations at Philip Morris.
A looming force is the Japanese, long a nonpresence in drugs, who have recently displayed the hottest hand in developing new compounds.
Because of a surplus, natural gas prices are going down, but consumers are being denied the benefits of the decrease - indeed, are being forced to pay more - all because of take-or-pay contracts.
Then I hit a home run to win the game.
He said that what the MX would give would be an ''added dimension'' to United States military might, no more, and the hope was that the Soviets might then be induced to take disarmament negotiations more seriously.
Last week, Baldwin-United announced that it would attempt to sell MGIC, which it purchased last year for $1.2 billion.
It is the record fifth time Paterno has been voted the Sheehan award by the New York Football Writers Association.
In one of the calls to Ansa today, the caller said the Church of Santa Francesca Romana, which is between the Colosseum and the Roman Forum, was linked to the case.
''This is more akin to other great movements like the civil rights movement and the anti-Vietnam War movement,'' he said.
Guild members began rehearsing at the New York State Theater Wednesday for the delayed Sept. 21 season opening.
Leaders of both exchanges said that the move would be a big step toward ameliorating the traditional rivalry between the New York and Chicago markets.
Mr. Breglio and Miss Bryant found a similar pattern, if not quite so dramatic, in Virginia, Louisiana, Florida and Texas.
But PERLE's work has not ended.
The bus was half empty and the riders couldn't help noticing him for he kept changing his seat every minute or so.
The planes were acquired before Shah Mohammed Riza Pahlevi was overthrown by Moslem fundamentalists in 1979.
The reader who doesn't laugh at this, even as the heart weeps, is not on West's wavelength.
He said the Yankees had no comment in general on the Elway matter for the present, thinking that enough had been said about it.
George is forced to shoot his friend in the final scene to save him from the wrath of the dreaded Curley.
is now said to be putting pressure on Toyota, but it looks increasingly as if the venture may be doomed.
He pointedly declined to criticize Mr. Helms and even praised the lawmaker's sincerity in his crusade against the bill.
The originators of the Stringfellow wastes, which were chiefly acids and toxic heavy metals such as chrome, collectively face a possible levy estimated at $25 million or more for permanent neutralization of the site.
They're starting to look down the road and plan for the future.
In the second game, the Mets treated Torrez to two runs in the first inning against Andujar, who hadn't won in a month.
Giants to Start Marshall EAST RUTHERFORD, N.J., Nov. 3 - Leonard Marshall, the Giants' second-round draft choice last April, apparently will start for the first time when the Giants play the Lions Monday night in Detroit.
Mr. Mosher, 34 years old, did his field work in a village near Canton in 1979 and 1980 and gained access to an unusual collection of local government documents that the Chinese regarded as confidential.
''Lefty Gomez was here the other day,'' he said, referring to the onetime Yankee.
Intensive Counseling Offered Clients of Safer who undergo intensive counseling by the foundation volunteers and professional staff are often violence-prone young adults vulnerable to renewed involvement in crime.
Censors from the Interior Ministry began insisting that each article be reviewed before publication.
Early Wynn, for example, walked 1,775 batters in his career.
One political leader said the total effect of all the signals from Washington had been to strengthen the far right.
For Russians who remember the war, the high points were the lend-lease aid that the United States sent to the Soviet Union and the Allied landing in Normandy in 1944.
''Grown- Up Bones'' offered so many kinds of images - visual, auditory, poetic and kinesthetic - that one could not fully concentrate upon any of them.
BellSouth will be the largest regional company, measured by assets, revenues and number of employees, and is still an area of above-average growth in population, jobs and personal income.
Avoiding 50 cents of tax via legal loopholes is much easier than making $1 in profit to obtain a similar 50 cents net after taxes.
There was a fuss last summer when studies showed that the country's standard of living fell from 5th in the world in 1966 to 11th in 1979.
Michigan St. 101 Ohio State 94 EAST LANSING, Mich. (AP) -Scott Skiles, a freshman, made six consecutive free throws in the final minute of a third overtime to help end a five-game winning streak.
''I paid too much attention to the historical record.''
Discovery Fund's largest single position is in After Six Inc., a manufacturer of men's formal wear that trades on the American Stock Exchange with the ticker symbol TUX.
On the other hand, any attempt to produce pints of gravy from the pan of a properly cooked roast results only in pink dishwater.
The average interest rate charged for new mortgages slid to 14.26 percent in December, the same level as November 1980, the Federal Home Loan Bank Board said today.
But Value Line painted a dim picture of Louisiana Land's prospects, because of rising oil and gas costs and declining volume.Louisiana Land held 91.9 million barrels of proven oil reserves and 443 billion cubic feet of natural gas as of Dec. 31, 1981.
The play is mostly about siblings - there are three sets of siblings - but the interaction between the people is much more complex than anything I've ever done before.''
''If something doesn't happen for me this season, that'll be it.
Nine days later, Villanova fans put up similar signs for a game against Georgetown at the Palestra in Philadelphia.
Then, I found a business partner in 1981 and began again.
State regulations remain the imponderable element for all the operating companies because requests for rate increases are pending in almost every state.
He is one of several former officials who have been detained for opposing President Mobutu's conversion of Zaire to a one-party state, the newspaper reported.
So far, Lobron's logical attacking play had not required any sacrifice, but his 39 RxN, QxR; 40 Q-R6 dropped the exchange for a mating net.
Sunflowers are maligned for their big floppy flowers and ungainly size, yet they do have a place in some garden situations.
Modern hybrid tea roses seemed to require temperate climes and considerable coddling.
Attempt to Calm Robbery Victim At 10:30 the crisis unit was called to the home of a shaken cashier, who only an hour earlier had been the victim of an armed robbery at a South Side liquor store.
Gary Jeter, a starting defensive end for the Giants for three years until his knee was injured early last season, was traded yesterday to the Los Angeles Rams for at least two choices in the college draft April 26.
Estimates as to how much working capital would be needed for the initial stages prior to groundbreaking range between $250 million and $750 million.
His previous marriage ended in divorce.
But, like the other new ventures throughout the country that teach reasoning, it affirms the belief that without specific efforts there is no assurance students will learn to think clearly.
No prize can be split more than three ways, even though modern science is increasingly performed by large teams.
Mr. Perle said today that in writing the memorandum he was only recommending that the Army hold a fair competition involving the Israeli company and any other bidder.
Among fish appetizers, the antipasto caldo was a savory, though oversalted, mixture of fish sauteed in cognac and flavored with a bit of tomato.
This year I was charged for the price increase in gas.
She majored in drama at the Catholic University of America in Washington, but it was an academic pursuit; she minored in philosophy and English, as well as military strategy - ''I guess to balance the philosophy'' - and graduated in 1969.
The intimate dining room has wide glass windows, modern prints on the walls, pink tablecloths and fresh flowers on each table and a warm and inviting ambience.
It didn't win the tournament for me, but it was the turning point.
At the White House today, Mr. Ruckelshaus said he had been assured, before accepting an appointment to return as Administrator of the agency, that the Reagan Administration was committed to protecting the environment.
There, he said, he learned that the training center was a joint Pentagon-State Department project under the direct supervision of William P. Clark, President Reagan's national security adviser.
"When I'm conducting an orchestra, yes, I'm leading.
''I don't think New Yorkers are ruder, they're just more rushed and impatient,'' said Marci Goldberg of Chicago.
b-Includes gain of $233,000 from sale of assets.
Mr. Dickey's enthusiasm never flagged as he also narrated the history of the tin can, the origins of soap-wrapper premiums and the role of the general store in American life.
Even so, Horst Renz, a Protestant theologian who also teaches here, argued that Luther's legacy of a church ''loyal to the state'' remains alive in both East and West Germany.
It has become a point of controversy, a bane, an enigma.
*3*** COMPANY REPORTS ** View Full Article in Timesmachine »
''I sunk really low,'' he recalled, ''and then it just got to a point where I had had enough.
Last year, the theater received $600,000 in donations, Mr. Rimer said.
''I played regularly for seven years and I know I can do it,'' he said.
But two weeks ago, the company concluded that the well was dry.
In fact, the major organization lobbying for legalized abortions has concluded that the chief battleground on the issue is shifting.
Swedish Customs Guards Mr. Green said tonight that the equipment, in four huge containers, had reached the Swedish port of Helsingborg and was stored on the docks there ''with Swedish customs guarding it for us.''
Scientists agree that these actions are indications of some measure of intelligence, but can it be measured, equated, or compared with human intelligence?
2 1 1 2 THE NAME OF THE ROSE, by Umberto Eco.
They're better because they're used to playing the great roles'' (news story Sept. 2, 1982).
The taxi cap is offered in black and white buffalo-checked wool, in tweeds, in pinstripes or in suede and has ear flaps.
I promised I wouldn't single out any players, and I won't, but they know who they are.
''Last month they were optimistic, saying the light was practically at the end of the tunnel.
But his strictness worked to the seeming disadvantage of Elizabeth Connell, a South African soprano making her New York debut as Lady Macbeth.
Baked mousses made of seafood or poultry purees mixed with egg whites or cream, then chilled, do not require gelatin.
Then, in August, it cut it again by 50 percent.
Police at the Midtown South Precinct said that officers scanned the Times Square crowd for suspicious packages but took no other precautions.
Plant Is Relatively Modern Supporters of employee ownership, which has increasingly been proposed to counter plant closings, particularly in the Northeast and Middle West, have been highly interested in the Weirton case.
Yet Miss Johnson never tries to exploit such a thimbleful of psychohistory (which in any case is mine, not hers; she only provides the raw material).
''But people can't improve if you are telling them that you are going to drop them back to a lower level.
Mrs. Brown has been outspending Mr. Vreeland by a three-to-one margin in their race.
The three Rhinemaidens, led by Michelle Harman-Gulick's clarion soprano, were quite fetching vocally.
In 1982, according to the Civilian Complaint Review Board, the number of complaints climbed to 5,255, from 3,801 in 1981.
Shultz Meets Dobrynin Secretary of State George P. Shultz met this morning with the West German Ambassador, Peter Hermes, and later in the day, with Ambassador Anatoly F. Dobrynin of the Soviet Union.
That money will also pay for repairing drainage gates (Flushing Meadows Park is a quagmire), fixing the 2.5-mile fence erected to keep youngsters from dashing across super-highways to enter the park, replacing scores of trees infested by root rot caused by the continuous flooding, replacing unnecessary asphalt with grass, and restoring the muck-filled and eroded lakefront.
* Long Island Lighting Co. filed a shelf registration covering one million shares of $100 par value preferred stock or four million shares of $25 par value preferred stock.
The spell of the legendary Juan Peron and his second wife, Evita, has finally been weakened, if not broken.
Where the company has looked for metals, it has found them.''
Mr. Moyano recently donated the coin, and a similar one found several months later and dated 1775, to the Town of Huntington.
They're now an accepted subject for negotiation.
''You have to prepare the new generation.''
If the dark areas seem so immediate that the paint still seems to be in the process of flowing from the artist's unconscious, some of the strokes around them seem simply strokes of paint, formal devices to stop the darkness from devouring the painting.
Many private galleries offer paintings, rugs and other treasures.
(He reports that one ate the bark off a tree.)
''I would wash my hands carefully before touching paper or pencils.
The law now taxes 40 percent of income from long-term capital gains, which are profits from the sale of stock, real estate and other assets held 12 months or longer.
Losses of a point or more were registered by Pennzoil, Getty, Atlantic-Richfield, Standard of Indiana and Standard of California.
An Accord May Be in Sight Certainly he does not sound or behave like a man who regards himself as a stopgap.
It earned 272 million, or about $438 million at the current rate, in the first seven months of 1982.
''Sure, they're young,'' said Roberto Coriat, who is teaching them, ''but we believe anyone 3 years old should be able to play tennis, or at least learn.
His two-year stay there provided him with his only experience as a full-time parish priest.
(Callaway Editions/National Gallery of Art, $75.)
1,000 Complaints About Brakes As of two weeks ago, the National Highway Traffic Safety Administration said it had received more than 1,000 complaints of incidents in which rear brakes of 1980 X-cars locked before the front brakes, frequently causing accidents.
But more than the future of the West Bank is at stake, he conceded.
''But it should be announced at some holiday or ceremony in the future.''
Bob Eichman of Oklahoma City, a guest, said he and Leon Kilpatrick of Oklahoma City jumped from the second floor but he did not know what happened to two other people who were with them.
Many businesses represent years of hard work - 18-hour workdays, Sunday afternoons spent going over the books, personal self-denial so that profits could be put back into the business - all dashed at the word of the landlord that on the next lease the rent will be quadrupled.
Heavy rain and lightning produced a power outage that delayed the start of the game at Skelly Stadium by 20 minutes.
Astros 15, Dodgers 2 LOS ANGELES (AP) - Jose Cruz drove in six runs with a grand slam and a single for Houston as Los Angeles lost for the fourth time in its last five games.
He recalled remarks made March 16 by the Deputy Speaker of the Israeli Parliament, Meir Cohen, who told Parliament's Foreign Affairs and Defense Committee that Israel had made a grave mistake by not expelling 200,000 to 300,000 Arabs from the West Bank after capturing the territory from Jordan in the 1967 war.
Witco Chemical advanced 1, to 33, after the company announced record sales and profits for its third quarter.
With the contract program's review complete, and the new referral and billing procedures in place, Mr. Feidman said the Long Island counseling centers could expect both clients and funds later this month.
But it does not explain the company's ability to undersell the competition and still transform a $468,000 loss into a $12.9 million net profit.
New Authorization Required The $24 million voted today - while the amount is known, the type of aid to be provided is covert - represents about half the annual amount of such aid to Nicaraguan rebels and is expected to be expended by June.
I would urge anyone who is concerned about this issue to add his or her support for the Cigarette Fire Safety Act.
Instead, elegant audio salons specializing in luxury goods may leave mass market items to other merchandisers where quick turnover takes precedence over such amenities as comfortable listening facilities, unhurried and attentive consultation and competent home installation.
Roger L. Stevens, chairman of the Kennedy Center, and his wife, Christine, have headed for the Canadian woods.
Bill Clinton of Arkansas has said that state officials receive many complaints about the program but have ''virtually no real power'' to affect decisions on individual cases.
Ozone is one of the principal ingredients in so-called ''oxidant smog,'' the kind caused by the breakdown of automobile exhaust by sunlight in air.
Malone also broke loose in the second half, scorig 18 of his 28 points.
But analysts have predicted that the line would account for up to 6 percent of Britain's medium-range car sales.
But he said it raised questions about the agency's independence from the industry it regulated.
COLORADO - Announced the retire- m ent of Sox Walseth, head women's bas- k etball coach.
A study of the work of the innovative French psychoanalyst.
The basis of the family business has remained the same: designer quality at discount prices, with de la Renta, Cardin, Evan-Picone and Hanae Mori hanging on the racks alongside less well-known names.
As rational as the French, they expressed themselves ''in a calm historical sociology rather than in a fervent political messianism.''
'' The case has made little progress since five national guardsmen were charged with murder last November in this town 35 miles southeast of the capital.
He was then drafted, and his years in the Army produced what Mr. Ribman calls ''a radical personality change.''
Some suspect the Government has spent the money.
If you feel you want to talk to an adult, we're here for you.''
A 2-to-1 finding of injury came on a petition by the Harley-Davidson Motor Company, which contended that it was threatened by imports of large motorcycles from Japan.
The deeper significance of his subject he leaves to James MacGregor Burns and Arthur M. Schlesinger Jr., those multivolume Roosevelt historians.
According to the company, the driveable chassis - which looks a lot like a dune buggy - eases checks of all mechanical and electrical systems before the sleek exterior panels go on.
According to one estimate, about 25 percent of all premier and grand cru Burgundy, the topmost quality wines, were being bottled ''at the estate,'' which means by the small producers.
If, on balance, average gas prices don't increase, then, on balance, there will be no windfall profits to tax.
The Federal Government is based on the idea of checks and balances so that nobody should have too much authority.
A new city post for Bess Myerson is reported by City Hall officials.
(Taylor follows) Laying aside Vietnam, which can be made to prove or disprove just about anything, there is a major lesson to be learned from the Kennedy Administration experiences, with possible application to our policy in Central America.
The number and location of bathrooms also have an important effect on appraised value.
It is what obsessional behavior means and represents that matters.
He's the No.2 scorer in the game, he'll play better the next game.
But it is inherent in our idea of a conscious mind that it can reflect upon itself and criticize its own performance, and no extra part is required to do this.''
He said that Mr. Williams needed oxygen 12 to 15 hours each day and that his physician had warned that Mr. Williams needed expert care.
In addition to her work at the institute, Mrs. Meesehas joined a number of boards and headed a variety of fund-raising efforts.
But in the process, he has also defied the principle of non-intervention in the political affairs of the sovereign states of the hemisphere, and violated the treaty commitments of the inter- American alliance.
When the strike ended, the number of unused tickets jumped from 3.7 percent and 5.7 per-cent before the strike to 14 percent after the strike.
The joint venture announced recently by the Bowery Savings Bank and the Georgetown Group, a privately held, diversified real estate consulting and investment company headed by Marshall Rose, illustrates the scope of the commitment being made by some thrift institutions as equity investors.
''There are 12 first-rate dealers in London selling English and European porcelain,'' he says.
There are two top girls in ''Fen'' -an unfeeling workers' overlord and a slick real-estate entrepreneur - and even their power doesn't give them freedom from top guys.
Dan Keery Heefner is the director.
Poetry Center of 92d Street Y.
Proponents of the tax have said it would raise several billion dollars of revenue and help control health costs by discouraging the purchase of excessive amounts of health insurance.
The media company, which plans to pay $606 million for six Dun & Bradstreet stations, would own eight VHF (very high frequency) stations, three more than the Government agency permits.
''The culture just isn't seriously looking at soft or recreational drug use as a health problem,'' said Dr. Mitchell S. Rosenthal, a psychiatrist who is president of Phoenix House in Manhattan, the nation's largest private drug-treatment program.
SOCCER CHICAGO (NASL) - Acquired Greg Villa, forward, from Kansas City for a player to be named; sent Villa to Team America on loan; acquired Dragan Radovich, goalie, from Toronto.
The answer to Mr. Schneidewind's question, ''Is it rational to let a salesman place a long-distance call to you, which you may not want, and pay nothing for the privilege of using your telephone line?''
Because most Government offices and many private businesses close on Federal holidays, critics said the measure would be too expensive.
Ahalf-dozen woolens shops are scattered among the granite buildings of Commercial Street and the Esplanade.
Both teams have been working their way out of slumps, and although both have been winning recently, the victories have come against mediocre teams.
Stuart A. Schlesinger, a partner in the law firm of Julien, Schlesinger & Finz, which is representing El Jay, said he expected the claim against the city would become part of the suit against Con Edison after the 30-day period.
Instead, I told her that I was happy that she'd come back.
The opposition Labor Party authorized its leader, Shimon Peres, today to explore the possibility of sharing power with the Likud bloc in a Government of national unity under Prime Minister-designate Yitzhak Shamir.
''But we're not going to waste any more energy on it.''
Eastern States Championships, at Jadwin gymnasium, Princeton, N.J., 7 P.M.
Would you believe Commack, instead?
Mrs. Coates is survived by her husband, Powell, a tenor and opera producer.
Miss Crysler is a granddaughter of Mrs. Francis K. Godwin of Petersburg, Va., and the late Mr. Godwin, former president of Petersburg and Hopewell Utilities.
Since then, however, the Administration has tried to take a more conciliatory position on issues of particular interest to women.
Cover the chicken firmly with a plate that will fit comfortably inside the skillet.
''Management was impressed,'' he said.
Night after night, week in, week out, the hotels and restaurants open their doors to yet another battalion of wine lovers, eager to honor the grape and, of course, each other.
- Accreditation: Of the 120 accredited camps offering computer instruction, most have added it simply as another option or activity for campers, and do not focus mainly on computers.
He was 79 years old.
It has been traditionally used as a reference book by collegeadmissions officers.
Phyllis Blackwell sat in the lunch room for players and their guests at the United States Open tennis tournament.
Mr. Wyss believes the personal saving rate has begun recovering from its 4 percent nadir last quarter.
Repertory's spirited revival at the Wonderhorse Theater, the opera, for which Mr. Carmines wrote words and music, suggests a Jungian ''Midsummer Night's Dream'' by way of ''Hair.''
According to the statement, 41 of those killed were members of the underground African National Congress.
''No 'Dallas','' Mr. Eger said.
State Law Based on Residency But the New York law, he said, was not introduced until about 10 days ago.
BASKETBALL SEATTLE (NBA) - Signed John Greig, center, to regular-season contract.
b-After a net loss of $109,000 from discontinued operations and a net provision of $181,000 for disposal of assets and close-down costs.
We're the party out of power.
We ended up with a compromise: A week in London, a week in Paris, and we'd leave our daughter home with a friend.
As she portrays 10-year-old James Douglas - a frightened, imaginative black child from Brooklyn who is left in the care of his three aunts while his mother is in the hospital - Paula Fox evokes ''the sense of what it is to live as so many people do live in this city, in this time,'' Margot Hentoff observed in her review of this book for readers aged 7 to 11.
A. I think he's a pragmatic conservative who feels strongly about his program.
In addition, he increased Lever's productivity by sharply cutting the payroll.
As if this were not surprising enough, Dr. Baumann has been able to hang it side by side with another and larger version of the same subject, in which the model is seen reclining at full length and the general tone has changed from the strong punchy statement of the painting reproduced here to a delicious pallor and a calligraphic ease of line.
In four of those games, Orr scored 20 or more points.
Administration spokesmen have repeatedly denied the possibility, and Congress, while willing to endorse a new - albeit reduced - military package for El Salvador, seems to be in no mood to approve sending in the marines.
''Do you want a Reggie Jackson?''
Members of the current and previous casts of ''A Chorus Line'' took part in the musical's 3,389th performance, which made it the longest- running show in the history of Broadway.
The Cowboys scored two touchdowns in the third period on two sensational catches by Tony Hill to cut Washington's lead to 23-17 after three quarters.
He reacts very well under pressure and is exceptional at picking out his second and third options among receivers.''
Across the street, at 14th Street and Irving Place, occupied today by the Consolidated Edison building and formerly the site of both the original Academy of Music and Tony Pastor's Theater, the crowd sang ''The Bowery'' (''I'll never go there anymore'') and in honor of the academy, originally built for opera, Janine Battaglia did a solo, ''O Sole Mio.''
That sense of entitlement, and the horizons it unveiled, is the first and still the best gift of the women's movement.
They're all in perfect health, no hypothermia.
A major broker in the federal funds market, who asked not to be identified, attributed the drop in the federal funds rate to the Fed's willingness to make reserves more plentiful after two consecutive weeks when faulty estimates caused reserves to be scarcer than it intended.
The new seat is cemented down over the old one, requiring no tools.
The industry leader, Goodyear has an estimated 30 percent share of the American market.
Special Type of Acne Studies of workers exposed to dioxin have discovered a special type of acne, inflammation of the liver and pains and weaknesses in the arms and legs, he said, adding that dioxin was presumed to cause cancer in humans but that no evidence for this existed and no one knew how much of the material would have to be assimilated to cause health problems.
Late last week the state's bonds were downgraded a notch to AA+ from AAA by the Standard & Poor's Corporation.
2 person at a large store, which might be 50,000 square feet in size and employ 300 or so workers.
Nicholas J. Russo, co-chairman of a pro-Matthews committee campaigning against a recall, termed the recall movement ''a strictly political exercise by Matthews opponents who lost the mayoralty election and want a vehicle to try again to win the office.''
She recalled that she began an attempt to get benefits back in 1981 when the bonus programs were first initiated.
The industry's production amounted to 58 percent of capacity during the week, compared with 58.6 percent in the week before.
The revision is designed to raise some $200 million from the oil companies.
''He would have been satisfied knowing that he went through the implant operation regardless of whether he ever went home or did the things he'd like to do.''
The House passed the resolution by a vote of 109 to 18.
Twenty-eight of the establishments were in New York City.
today announced a new retail financing program on its Renault products.
That gave the 76ers a 4-point lead from which the Bucks never recovered.
He placed second in the men's pairs with Brian Glubok of New York, whose new club - Bridge and Games East - is a month away from opening with a lecture series.
In March 1982 the Finance Ministry tried to support the value of the yen by stemming the flow of currency out of Japan.
''It seemed to us there was no organization, which led us to believe it was spontaneous.''
Aaron Pryor, the former World Boxing Association junior welterweight titleholder, has pleaded not guilty to possessing cocaine.
Hertz and other major rental companies have since introduced similar gift plans.
The private economists thought most of the gain would result from the end of inventory-cutting.
Their suit - later settled on terms not made public - charged copyright violation in the use of their parents' death-house letters, defamation and violation of privacy.
After he climbs one, he starts looking for the next highest.''
A reissue of ''The Lives of Plants'' (Scribner's, $15.95) by Doris M. Stone is a readable short course.
This foreknowledge is perhaps responsible for the lack of the ballet's total success.
The Russians argued that the missile in question was merely a modified model permitted by SALT.
The wine business has brought failure to many small vineyards and wineries that have misjudged its high costs for labor, machinery and and wine barrels for aging, according to George Vare, an industry analyst in San Francisco.
In 1975, the director Bruce Gowers made a seminal ''concept'' video with the relatively unknown group Queen for their song ''Bohemian Rhapsody.''
A novel of the Troubles in Northern Ireland, whose emotional impact is grounded in a complete avoidance of sentimentality.
The goal came with Butch Goring off for tripping.
''There are many needy cases in my country, Iran, alas now beyond my reach.
Wigan Pier had long been a music- hall joke when Orwell chose it to symbolize the contrast between the dreary life of industrial workers and the fun of elegant seaside piers.
There have been no miracles in economic growth, but the British economy has bounced back a bit from the low point of early 1981, and a recent survey found British businessmen more optimistic than at any time since 1979.
And he expected legislation soon giving tribal governments special standing in applying directly for Federal bloc grants.
The department's chief economist, Robert Ortner, called the advance in income ''moderately good'' in light of May's much faster pace.
He said the best type of planner would be marketing oriented or would have strong operational experience, not just textbook knowledge.
Pennzoil rose 1 1/4, to 34.
The increased taxes will be paid by subscribers, yet most medical orders originate not with subscriber/ patients but with physicians and other health-care personnel.
While he doesn't quite capture the brooding darkness of Martin Cruz Smith's central character, he has more flair, more different flavors of irony.
But, expressed concern about a possible Syrian miscalculation, he said, ''This whole exercise on their part could be dangerous.''
Also related to the higher maintenance requirements is the high demand for skilled craft workers, which is expected to rise more than 75 percent, to 12,500, by 1991.
The Democrats have long sought more liberal interpretation of the rules of legislative procedure.
WHEN ''Nightwood,'' the masterwork of Djuna Barnes, first appeared in England in 1936, the novel received marvelous reviews.
The site may be reached from the city by the Major Deegan Expressway to the Gov.
Sutter relieved and retired Rafael Ramirez, Butler advancing to second.
As president, Mr. Dikko must call ''extraordinary'' policy-setting meetings of OPEC; the meeting in Geneva remained ''consultative.''
The bill represents an unusual compromise between the agency, which origially sought complete exemption from the act, and such opponents of Government secrecy as the American Civil Liberties Union.
Miss Mullins told Dr. LeBovics that the window was open and the blinds were drawn.
Mrs. Siegel works part time in the company's office that prepares video tapes to help the sales force.
He was in an automobile accident in which he suffered a ruptured artery Friday in Quebec.
In 1950, she had the starring role in a Washington production of ''Goodbye My Fancy.''
The spirit of the 1960's may seem long past, but it lives again in the International Off Festival.
His lawyers said they would appeal to the Supreme Court of the United States.
''These guys have brought out the best in me,'' Cruz said.
Commenting before the report was released, Harry Pryde, president of the National Association of Home Builders, said many builders appeared to be engaged in ''speculative optimism'' - that is, beginning work on new houses they had not sold in advance.
In recent years, he had cut down his sessions to about one a week, but he had continued to tape them until his death last year.
A survey by the real estate board in the fall of 1981 found brokers and owners disputing $16 million in commissions over a fiveyear period.
The fans carried Jet pennants and some passed the time by drinking beer and telling stories about their favorite pro football players.
General Foods is testing sugar-free Jell-O with aspartame.
WITH six shopping days until Christmas, some of the busiest cash registers in New York are in the Metropolitan Museum of Art.
''I wanted something more than the 3.2 bedrooms and 2.1 garage,'' said Miss Middleton, a 34-year-old video film producer for Union Carbide in Danbury.
Scott Holman, a 24-year-old Californian, missed most of two years with a bad arm but has recovered strongly and may join Ownbey as a starter.
Roberto Duran, the former lightweight and welterweight champion, put himself into position for another title shot with a fourth-round knockout of Pipino Cuevas Saturday night in a scheduled 12-round elimination fight between former world champions.
Commander Vanderwier, a decorated, 43-year-old Vietnam veteran, will appeal, his attorneys said.
Federal law permits the presence of asbestos in a number of building materials, such as floor tiles and roofing products.
They had conspired with a prestigious gallery, the suit holds, selling and consigning to the gallery many hundreds of paintings on terms hugely disadvantageous to the estate.
Federal officials said that 15 countries reported infant mortality rates lower than the United States in 1980, with the lowest reported in Sweden, Japan and Finland with rates of 6.7, 7.4, and 7.7, respectively.
The address is Question Box, SportsMonday, the New York Times, 229 West 43d Street, New York, N.Y. 10036.
Among the bent-double field hands, the booted landowners who have lost the land they owned, the aged crones given to crooning ''Coom Make My Coffin'' and the very young grandmothers who do the ironing with one hand while cradling an infant with the other, there is a trim, sensible, middle-aged woman who seems content to devote herself to her grandchildren.
The bank said that the engines on the aircraft would be manufactured by the United Technologies Corporation's Pratt & Whitney division.
Committee on Peaceful Uses of Outer Space, Legal Subcommittee - 10:30 A.M. and 3 P.M. Preparatory Committee for the Conference on the Peaceful Uses of Nuclear Energy - 10:30 A.M. and 3 P.M. Committee on Information - 10:30 A.M. and 3 P.M.
Harness Racing: Meadowlands Race Track, 8 P.M. (Television - MSG Cable, midnight, tape); Roosevelt Raceway, 8 P.M. (Television - Channel 9, 11:30 P.M., tape); Monticello Raceway, 8 P.M.; Freehold Raceway, 1:30 P.M. Thoroughbred Racing: Belmont Park, 1 P.M. (Television - Channel 9, 6:30 P.M., tape, and SportsChannel, 6:30 P.M., tape, and 11 P.M., tape); Monmouth Park, 1:30 P.M.
But the previously undefeated team led by Cliff Meltzer of Peekskill, N.Y., forced a further playoff by recovering from a heavy deficit to defeat the third team, led by Frank Marcus of Hartsdale, N.Y.
In Honduras, a team of private sector experts sent by AID helped that country reorganize its forest management.
A shot by Ken Daneyko, one of seven rookies used by Coach Billy MacMillan, ricocheted off the left post and hit the right post as well.
Every Sept. 1, on the anniversary of the Kanto disaster, earthquake drills are held in Tokyo and surrounding districts.
*3*** COMPANY REPORTS ** View Full Article in Timesmachine »
He compared AIDS to Russian roulette.
A Federal district judge today held Larry Flynt, publisher of Hustler magazine, in contempt of court and fined him $10,000 a day until he reveals the source of an audio tape crucial to the John Z. DeLorean drug case.
But the traces were reported to be below radiation standards set by the Federal Government for drinking water, and the agencies said the water posed no risk to health.
In the over-the-counter market, the Nasdaq composite index was off 0.44, to 246.70.
The new President, Defense Minister Oscar Humberto Mejia Victores, has the backing of the armed forces and possibly of other countries.
On their next possession, the Chargers scored on a 23-yard field goal by Rolf Benirschke.
''I never thought I could do it until finally I said, 'Why not?'
Peter Cohalan, the county executive, responded that the only thing left to discuss was how to scrap the $3.2 billion plant.
Therefore, sexual relations outside the context of marriage constitute a grave disorder, because they are reserved to a reality which does not yet exist.
A county spokesman, Claire Palermo, characterized Mr. O'Rourke as "furious and upset."
Angelo is a kind of idealized sum-total of all New York street kids no matter what their ethnic backgrounds.
Rodino (D) Y Y 11.
But they are still working to intimidate those who have been refused exit visas, and thus to quiet the whole issue.
Meanwhile, the Justice Department handed over four volumes of ''enforcement sensitive'' documents, some of them heavily edited, to a House Public Works subcommittee that had sought them for an investigation into management of the $1.6 billion Federal program to clean up hazardous waste sites.
Illinois State led by 35-25 at intermission and then made 12 of 18 shots from the field and 20 of 25 from the free-throw line.
His kind of romance was called cloying, and his perfection of craftsmanship was thought to be beside the point.
My pain is more like green.
For the Yankees, Dave Winfield hit his 18th home run of the season in the seventh inning after Bannister had retired 11 straight batters.
''I am a worker, and I shall celebrate May Day as a worker,'' Mr. Walesa said in answer to questions.
And just as surprisingly, she can make the wondrous turn ordinary: a luxuriant silk cloak suddenly loses its shimmering sensuousness and is folded up into a mere napkin to be carried over an arm, waiter-style.
After quoting restrictions on freedom of expression contained in the Cuban Constitution and a law called Ideological Diversionism, the report observed that ''even Cuban Communists run into trouble over freedom of expression'' if something is published that ''sneaks by the party's press-control apparatus.''
Witnesses have testified seeing officers Macauda, Aiello and McLeod strike Mr. Bordonaro.
Finally I mustered up the courage to call the Graham School.
In addition, she attended the dinner for Prime Minister Indira Gandhi of India and served as co- chairman of the third annual Nina Ricci fashion show luncheon to benefit the Institute for International Education.
Henry Ford shattered all existing wage standards by instituting the $5 day - not out of any love for his workers but to support a market for his mass-produced Model T's.
Recent actions by the deregulation committee have effectively removed interest rate ceilings on all time deposit accounts that mature in less than 31 days and on those maturing in more than three and a half years.
At the time, Chrysler stock was selling at about $5 a share.
Propaganda Is Dominant But they said that ever since the Korean airliner episode on Sept. 1 in which 269 people died, the two sides have seemed unable to talk with each other in more than propaganda terms.
A forward defense and patrolling policy would probably provide the best defense for the marine garrison at the Beirut airport, Marines officers said.
The experience may stand him in good stead in Houston.
The drive took us only a few hours, with several stops along the way to admire the coastline and the Cape of Good Hope Nature Reserve, with its herds of springboks, elands, zebras and baboons.
Some, like Arum, felt that Lewis's ego had got the best of him and this contributed to Spinks's problems.
Because major antinuclear rallies are to begin in West Germany next week, officials here said they were anxious to demonstrate Washington's interest in obtaining an agreement, and raise questions about Moscow's sincerity.
In "Orlando," Virginia Woolf's fantasy about an Elizabethan gentleman who, in the 19th century, turns into a Victorian gentlewoman, the novel's androgynous protagonist says about clothes: "Vain trifles as they seem, clothes have, they say, more important offices than merely to keep us warm.
The autograph score is believed to be Verdi's definitive word on ''Rigoletto.''
The ''love of liberty,'' George Aiken, Vermont's long-time Governor and Senator, once wrote, prompted the state's founders to draft its Constitution without lawyers,and the first act of its legislature was to regulate the activities and fees of lawyers.
However, this will not solve the color problem, which involves finding an enamel of the right shade.
Double room with two meals in high season is $122-$248; in low season, with two meals, $105-$210.
His father was a businessman and onetime restaurateur who passionately collected phonograph records.
Mrs. Burford, who had strongly resisted bipartisan pressure to quit, said in a letter to the President that ''it is now clear that my resignation is essential to termination of the controversy and confusion generated by the outstanding dispute over Congressional access to certain E.P.A.
Instead, Congress lowered the corporate income tax rate to 46 percent from 48 percent.
The commission is an independent, bipartisan advisory body with no enforcement powers.
What's more, in the United States markets where 20th Century-Fox has tested it, it's done so well that the studio is going to distribute it nationally this month.
Will their unborn babies be harmed?
Dave Righetti, the wild sophomore of 1982, pitched fast and avoided being wild for six and two-thirds innings -his second straight impressive appearance - to gain the victory, with relief help from George Frazier.
Here is one such script, which has not been approved by the principal actor but is enjoying considerable circulation among high-echelon staff members: * March 1983 - Senator Paul Laxalt, who will then be general chairman of the Republican Party, publically urges the President to reassure an anxious nation by agreeing to run again.
They will begin a six-week run at the Joyce Theater, Eighth Avenue and 19th Street, on Jan. 10.
Studio packages, as opposed to partnerships for individual films, tend to be more complex and offer potentially greater rewards and greater risks.
''You know, you couldn't have been just totally wrong if they came back to see you.''
We can't compete with people who earn two dollars an hour.
While this is the first appearance in the title game for Columbia, it is the fifth for Indiana.
He was one of the first naturalists to appeal for restraint in the use of pesticides.
Paul A. Volcker, head of the Federal Reserve, told Congress that the Fed is pushing for recovery but that the threat of big deficits made the task harder.
Form into a round - the dough should be smooth, moist and not overly sticky.
Arrests increase around Christmas time, when the poor may be unable to buy new clothes for their children and the police need overtime.
Three years later the American Institute of Architecture named him to a national commission to plan and direct a civil works program.
Col. Jack R. Garris, a 21-year Army officer who is the commander of the Second Battalion of the 327th Infantry of the 101st Airborne Division.
There is now, he added, $1.5 billion invested in aggressive growth funds.
It was a full-blown media event watched by 40 million viewers, but after the marriage the series foundered.
Miss Jordan is supported by Mr. Swartz alone.
He will be accompanied by Chandra Sekher Mati on tabla.
Just walk from the Common, he advised, once a 17th-century cow pasture, to the North End, where Paul Revere's house stands amid crooked streets that have been home successively to Yankee merchants, Irish immigrants, Boston's Italian community and now many trend-conscious young professionals who have converted old warehouses into expensive condominiums.
''We got the 2:30 dance-a-holics in here now,'' said Roseland's owner, Albert Ginsberg, who was trying to raise her spirits.
At a United Nations conference in Belgrade, the chief U.S. delegate rebuffed aid proposals by third world nations.
Somewhere in this somebody out there has to say, 'Forget it.
Most have brightly colored flowers and make a fascinating statement in the garden.
But when investigators failed to find such sources of financing, it was Mr. Bowe's background as an investigator of police corruption that gave the Federal operation a new direction - and laid the foundation for the tensions between the police and the F.B.I.
Scientists are not sure what to expect.
Beatrice said it expected to show a small profit for the fiscal year, which closes at the end of this month, despite the extraordinary charges.
For information or reservations to any of the events at the State University at Purchase, call the box office at 253-5900, Tuesday through Friday from noon to 5 P.M.
The Jazztet had been an unusually promising group two decades ago because it had a resident composer and arranger in Mr. Golson who brought to the Jazztet such compositions as ''I Remember Clifford,'' ''Stablemates'' and ''Whisper Not,'' and its solo potential included, in addition to Mr. Golson and Mr. Farmer, the trombonist Curtis Fuller and the pianist McCoy Tyner.
Hana S. Kramer, marketing director for Tannen Towers, said the age range for most buyers of her condominiums was 45 to 70.
Sally's forebears were Irish - for her, the better origin.
With regard to the first deficiency, agreements have been reached with Westchester bus companies, resolving any uncertainty that there will be a sufficient number of buses to assist in evacuation of those in Westchester County with special transportation needs.
Long, Democrat of Louisiana, plans to offer an amendment that would postpone the inclusion of Federal workers in the Social Security system until after a new Civil Service retirement plan is establish.
It's the kind of proposal they could have made four years ago.
He retaliates by arranging to have Ben whipped by a couple of thugs.
The Giants' record was 38 by Harry Newman against the Chicago Cardinals in 1934.
Permanent Residence Sought Mr. Wolfsdorf said he hoped the grant of asylum would be the first step toward permanent residence for his client.
There were Wyler's drink mixes without sugar.
State judges in New York City said yesterday that they could not speed up the sentencing of criminals, which Mayor Koch has said is the only way to avoid an ''imminent'' release of prisoners from overcrowded city jails.
And when the game was called, everything was wiped out, including Horner's home run.
''When you have a person doing it, there's going to be distractions,'' Mr. Berkowitz said.
He was a member of The Law Review and graduated with honors in 1948.
I tuned him out again, and pondered my American Express Gold Card.
All volunteered lecturers, but not the costly equipment that Newark schools need so badly.
In all the examples there is a rich range that can be perceived only in looking at the works themselves.
Since then, Oklahoma has a 5-1 record.
An official suggested that Syria and the Soviet Union bore some blame for the incident.
Pass 4 S 5 D Dbl.
Her fiance, who attended Monmouth College, is sales manager of EnRoute Maternity Modes Inc. in New York.
Under such a proposal, the Soviet Union would reduce its missile force substantially, and the United States would deploy some missiles, but far fewer than the 572 planned.
Hit albums continued to spawn hit singles, but some of the year's most popular and most widely imitated singles (the Eurhythmics an example of the former; Afrika Bambaataa of the latter) worked their magic without significant album sales to back them up.
In any event, Mr. Andropov has not been credited with any major initiative in international affairs.
Dave Philley, the man whom Rusty Staub is chasing for the major leagues' consecutive pinch-hit record, is rooting for the Met supersub.
One report is that Allen triggered complaints from team doctors because of his insistence that water be kept from players on the field.
Land reform has been abandoned.
The test that missed two failures last month is used at many other reactors designed by the Westinghouse Electric Corporation, according to the Nuclear Regulatory Commission.
Ian Paisley, leader of the right-wing Democratic Unionist Party, which is harshly sectarian in its views.
One evening, our son asked: ''Do you think I'll ever get another teacher like Mr.
Each piece of impeccably fresh fish had been added to the broth at exactly the right moment, all of it accented with the Italian version of an aioli sauce of garlic and olive oil - without eggs but with tomatoes.
Texaco was ordered to refund $748 million in overcharges from Aug. 19, 1973, to Sept. 1, 1976.
3 Republican in the House, said: ''What this tells me is that they don't give a damn about equal rights for women, but want a political issue.''
The complexes are islands separated from each other and the restaurants, shopping areas and village centers of the municipalities in which they are situated.
Deficit and Dollar Cited The line now coming from the leadership of the Socialist-led coalition here, and the position that the French hope will receive approval at the Socialist gathering, is that the American budget deficit and the high rate of the dollar on foreign exchange markets are the principal causes for the continuation of the recession in Europe.
The fare between Dec. 14 and Jan. 2 is $525.
Surviving are her husband, Norman Annenberg, and her brother, Matthew K. Klein.
But Mr. Ridley was savaged in the Commons by the Falkland lobby; one M.P., the Scottish Liberal Russell Johnston, condemned ''the shameful schemes for getting rid of these islands which have been festering in the Foreign Office for years.''
They want to convince him that Hooker is a boxer worth betting on, and this involves building sets and faking busy scenarios, just as the last film did.
In the column that appeared last Wednesday, it was incorrectly stated that Kathie Wei and Judi Radin were the only women remaining in the New York Grand National Team Championship.
The future bride, daughter also of the late Louise Lee Fox, is a nurse at the Yale-New Haven Hospital.
His own re-election was assured because of his personal popularity, but the question was whether he could hang onto his control of the City Council.
The deregulation of financial markets in the United States looks irreversible.
Quickly, he made his Off Broadway debut - with a splash -winning a Theater World award as one of the season's 10 most promising newcomers.
The more you know, the more you see.
The degree to which a ''deregulated'' agency can become the handmaiden of industry became evident in a scandal that erupted last winter in which the Environmental Protection Agency was, once again, the focus.
But he said he was confident that ''they'll come back'' to the negotiating table.
''A Colder Eye,'' is mostly about Yeats, Synge, Joyce and O'Casey, supplemented by some consideration of Kavanagh and Clarke, and the novelist-humorist Flann O'Brien, along with a scattering of obiter dicta on Samuel Beckett.
''NOVA,'' which now calls itself, with justification, ''America's premiere science series,'' begins its 11th season on public television tonight with ''Signs of the Apes, Songs of the Whales,'' an exploration of how well animals use language.
As in Japan, the message doesn't matter; it's the look that counts.
The result was so popular with listeners that she became a permanent part of the act.
Free buses will take people to and from the other two sites - the Charter Oak Bridge over the river and Founder's Plaza in East Hartford.
The official New China News Agency quoted a Foreign Ministry spokesman as saying that China was dissatisfied that the White House had failed to oppose in explicit terms the actions by Congress that, he said, had been ''acts of crude interference in China's internal affairs.''
''What Where,'' the most enigmatic of the three pieces, is a cryptic gram of truth about the manipulation of man by men.
They were right, and their unsentimental treatment of the America after the match (they sold her at a profit) showed how important this nationalistic concern about technology was to them.
Why was he gloating so much?
Dervishes in Turkey can be aged 10 to 78 or more, and they include carpenters, shoemakers, mechanics and civil servants.
The fact is that Ruda is a hand-wringing mess.
879 THE MARY KAY GUIDE TO BEAUTY.
In a speech in Parliament, he asked Arab nations ''not to be thrifty in their support'' of the accord that would result in the withdrawal of foreign forces in Lebanon.
He has called a news conference for Monday morning in Chicago to disclose his plans.
The expansive study, roughly 24 by 33 feet, has wide windows overlooking the ocean.
Because they are segregated from men in public places, even including banks, they are barred from employment in many sectors.
Terms call for Mellon to issue one-half common share and one share of Series A preferred stock for each share of CCB.
He called for a ''mutual and verifiable nuclear freeze'' to be followed by efforts to reduce nuclear arms stockpiles and prevent the spread of atomic weapons.
Forgotten also is the truth that the working population of Newark more than doubles five days a week as thousands of suburbanites travel to their jobs in Newark and then return home to towns where they pay taxes and educate their children.
The Senate vote was a victory for President Reagan, who has termed the increased contribution essential for the stability of the international monetary system.
St. John's took a tentative step forward yesterday, and DePaul continued to go backward.
In an age which so valued incandescence of personality, performance was a privileged artistic experience; and the piano, that most individualistic of instruments, became the ideal vehicle for musical Romanticism.
We regard policy as an instrument to serve the country and not an ideological exercise.
There are more than 300 entries in the cryptic ledger, ranging from $200 for ''driving lessons'' to $1,040 for ''clothing vest'' to $15,000 for ''land and seed.''
Cook slowly, 15 minutes, until mixture is very soft.
But people who eat hot foods all the time apparently become conditioned to their oral effects and do not find them painful.
Last Feb. 25, Mrs. Burford dispatched her general counsel, Robert M. Perry, to the Justice Department to deliver handwritten notes of a meeting that took place at the Justice Department the previous September to discuss settlement of cleanup plans for a waste site at Seymour, Ind.
Younger players have begun to turn that pattern around.
When her extra three months are up, Miss Iglesis, who works seven days a week, said she did not know what she would do.
Several cameras caught the little models in various stages of their spinning plunges back toward the ground.
The sixth back was Kirk Springs, who was sent in by Baker from the sidelines and who also relayed the play to his teammates.
Eighty-three percent said the same about marijuana, while 12 percent had tried it but said they no longer used it.
Mr. Manes is also the county Democratic leader.
But I learned to live with that pressure, and not get ripped apart by it.
*3*** COMPANY REPORTS ** View Full Article in Timesmachine »
Most power had been restored by 9:40 P.M., and all those caught in elevators had been rescued.
Preventive hepatitis immunizations have been made available to everyone at the Cincinnati Reds training camp in Tampa after it was determined that Paul Householder, an outfielder, had developed a mild form of the disease.
In autumn the tidal wave of tourists recedes, exposing what lured them to begin with.
Lawrence Van Gelder Kentucky's Shaker Village Reduces Rates While some resorts are advertising that they're holding the line on rates, the Shaker Village at Pleasant Hill in Kentucky is boasting that it's lowering rates for its 1983 Winter Weekends.
These i nstitutions earn fees for their efforts and the sellers presumably g et a mortgage instrument that is a negotiable, liquid asset.
Therapist Sees a Contradiction ''When you say those things and have that smile on your face, it must have been a rough time,'' Rita Stewart, a staff psychotherapist, told him.
The topic of the discussion will be Marxism and developing societies and the contribution to economic theory made by the 19th-century German, who was the chief theorist of modern Socialism and Communism.
There it lets the roots of such crops as soybeans, sunflowers, okra and peanuts penetrate the firmly packed soil to find nutrients and water in the subsoil.
All I was trying to do was take a picture of ''The Wrestlers'' in the Uffizi Gallery, when suddenly there was a large mass of something in front of my lens and a firm hand on my arm.
The bride's previous marriage was annulled and her husband's previous marriage ended in divorce.
When the grand jury subpoenaed the documents in its investigation, Marc Rich A.G. balked, saying that as a Swiss-based company it was outside the jurisdiction of United States courts.
Such races were run from the late 1890's until 1952.
Today Chrysler reported earnings of $310.3 million for the second quarter of this year, the largest quarterly profit in its history.
SAN FRANCISCO APROPOSAL to build a Ronald Reagan Presidential library at Stanford University in Palo Alto has prompted a campus debate.
One official in the American Musicological Society argued in an interview that Mr. Boetticher's past was irrelevant to his current scholarship and found the inquiry offensive.
Advertisers are increasingly reluctant to spend dollars in a city's second newspaper.
After the disappointing loss, Harner left the Meadowlands by helicopter for Roosevelt Raceway in Westbury, L.I., to drive Apache Circle in the $559,000 Peter Haughton Memorial Pace.
One is Mr. Converse, who brings conviction, intelligence and dignity to Harry - even when he must fall into a children's wading pool that has been previously described as containing urine.
There are a lot of players we are interested in.
Indeed, Interior Secretary James G. Watt said last year he had managed to calm much of the anger that led to the Sagebrush Rebellion through what Mr. Watt described as his ''good neighbor policy,'' calling for closer cooperation and consultation with Western interests.
Laurent Fignon of France won the 21st leg of the Tour de France cycling classic today to fortify his overall lead in the race, which ends Sunday on the Champs-Elysees in Paris.
Mrs. Stern, 30 years old, expects her first child in six months.
''They call my house and speak to my wife and they call here at the Embassy.
At Camouflage, 141 Eighth Avenue.
Last Wednesday, a judge ordered a new vote in the bitter contest between GAF and Mr. Heyman.
Other dishes such as a kasha with noodles (kasha varnishkes), sweet or plain noodle pudding studded with raisins, stuffed derma (kishke), matzoh balls, stuffed cabbage, regular or cocktail-size potato and kasha knishes of singular lightness, and meat loaf are regularly available.
The bureau employs 2,200 people, many of them armed guards, on 25 acres along the Potomac River near the 14th Street Bridge.
's Yuri Andropov shouldered aside the dying Leonid Brezhnev's chosen successor, K.G.B.
Evanescent to begin with, it dissolves.
For my mother, the next week passed in many ways like other weeks in her life.
But in dwelling on her advantage, Miss Austin said, she lost her concentration while serving the first game of the second set.
Stock index futures prices rose.
Clan Support April 28 - Descendants of J. Pierpont Morgan, the financier, will show up in force at the Morgan Library for a 5:45 P.M. cocktail reception followed by a concert by Benny Goodman and the Ridge String Quartet.
Advance Eliminated France 3's total rose to 3.12.
Guy Bennett ...........................Peter Gallagher Tommy Judd .............................Peter MacNicol Donald Devenish ..........................Tait Ruppert Jim Menzies ............................Albert Macklin Fowler ..................................Owen Thompson Sanderson ................................Tyrone Power Barclay ....................................Mark Moses Delahay .....................................Rob Gomes Wharton ............................Robert Byron Allen Vaughan Cunningham ......................Edmond Genest
The attack delayed his departure from a ceremony in Krefeld marking the first emigration of Germans to America, 300 years ago.
MacPhail made a decision involving a pine-tarred bat eight years ago.
The World Bank makes interest- free loans to poor countries through the I.D.A.
A person is legally drunk with a reading of 0.10.
HOUSTON (AFC) - Waived Ken Burrough, wide receiver.
More enthusiastic are the parents of schoolchildren who consider the skill important enough to keep 30,000 private schools in operation, all dedicated only to soroban instruction.
* American Savings Bank has named Stephen Fuzesi Jr. first senior vice president, general counsel and secretary.
''Hold back on discretionary spending,'' he told a conference of mayors.
In the light of the company's announcement, analysts said they had sharply reduced their earnings estimates for 1983.
''I think it would be disastrous,'' said Mr. Wright, ''for us to be obstructionist to the President.''
If the subsidy is officially corroborated and found to be the cause of material injury to the industry, the Government could impose countervailing duties.
She is now 21 and a student at the New York City Technical College.
Utilities happily promised to pay about $300 million of the projected $700 million cost of a project to demonstrate the breeder's commercial feasibility.
''The system doesn't facilitate good care,'' commented H. Rex Greene, a Pasadena oncologist.
''And I look at the bottom line.
Nor has Mr. Koppelman been the only one to suggest that the profit motive might be at work.
Mr. Lehrer said Miss Bacon, one of the victims identified today, left her home on Brooklyn Boulevard in Sea Girt at about 11 P.M. on Nov. 20 to walk to a store on Route 71 in nearby Spring Lake Heights for a pack of cigarettes.
Ultimately these apartments may be occupied by individual owners.
But their motives appear to be not so much geographical as political and racial.
He said his Peace group would try to organize chapters in each county in Iowa and hold workshops to instruct supporters on how to make arms control an issue in the caucuses, the first stage of the state's process of selecting delegates.
Paul Strand's photographs seemed to cherish the sensuous touch of steel.
Aides of the Governor said compromise might be possible if Democrats agree to less money for social programs in exchange for extra funds for poor school districts.
We arrive at the second bank, at Fifth and Eighth Street.
Horner then stole second and scored on Pocoroba's single.
1 in C minor (Op.
The system was designed to help the Government control Medicare spending for hospital inpatient services, which rose from $3 billion in 1967 to $38.5 billion this year.
The 1983 peanut crop was projected at 2.91 billion pounds, down 15 percent below 1982.
The 21-year-old Schultheis, who was graduated from Princeton this month, has decided for religious reasons not to accept an offer to play for the Philadelphia Eagles.
Startled comrades raced over the steep hills in search of a sniper, but found none.
The Rangers have thrown some obstacles into what had once looked like a clear path to the next playoff round for the Islanders.
What the stars mean: (None) Poor to fair * Good ** Very good *** Excellent **** Extraordinary These ratings are based on the reviewer's reaction to food and price in relation to comparable establishments.
Well, in simple quantity it surely would; in aiding facility, probably; in reducing tensions?
But they can't run an economy.
It highlights industries native to Queens, with vintage cameras, posters and photographs from the Astoria Motion Picture and Television Foundation, architectural ornamentation from the borough and bronze sculptures and photographs showing how the statues of Atlas and Prometheus in Rockefeller Center were cast and assembled.
The authorities say the tribes are taking advantage of loopholes in state and Federal law to run unregulated gambling operations.
The Phalangists deny any guilt, but say that at least 211 Christians have died at the hands of Druse or Palestinian fighters since the beginning of this month.
Anticipating New York Air's success, several other regional airlines such as Air One out of St. Louis and the Chicago-based Midway have followed its lead and gone after business passengers in the last year - though they have yet to show a profit on the new services.
Highlights from the report were these: - Twenty-eight states reported lower unemployment rates for this June than they had for June 1982.
At halftime, Navy led by 37-29.
''We could protest until our eyes turned blue and they'd still develop it,'' said Mr. Johnson, who heads the Bering Straits Native Corporation.
Coach Tom Osborne's 1982 team, which finished second to Penn State in The New York Times computer ranking, led the nation in total offense (518.6 yard per game), rushing offense (394.3 yards per game) and scoring (41.1 points per game).
It's played in all kinds of weather.''
57 where the major-minor contrast is so strong.
Nedomansky wound up and shot from 15 feet, beating Peeters to the short side before the goalie had a chance to react.
But security, intelligence, military, it's my trade, and the strategy is in my bloodstream.
In 1961, he moved to New York City, where he was one of the ''good guys'' on WMCA.
Mr. Udall is to appear at a National Press Club luncheon here the same day to reveal whether he intends to become a candidate.
*3*** COMPANY REPORTS ** View Full Article in Timesmachine »
This Gulf Coast community's hope for a steady water supply collapsed when the town's new water tower, built by the 79-year-old Mayor and volunteers, came tumbling down as it was being filled.
But to the Republicans, the budget is a ''throwback to the 70's,'', according to Mr. Gramm, who added: ''It's a political document aimed at specific constituencies of the Democratic Party.''
Clock Around the Table Tom Margittai, co-owner of the Four Seasons, explained that the traditional method is for the dining-room staff to think of each table, round or rectangular, as a clock, with No.
Much of the furniture introduced at the fair has been considered avant-garde - to the point of being esthetically influential but not functional enough to appeal to the majority of international buyers.
The outgoing director of the national Centers for Disease Control would play a leading role in the new project, Mr. Carter said.
'' Elsewhere in the book is general material about genealogy.
- Tessa Melvin The New York State Adoption Service has been conducting an experiment that it said it hopes will provide wider exposure for a listing of children under state care who are eligible for adoption.
I would eat the dinner in the living room, inches from the screen, watching Hawkey and Radar, Kojak and Crocker, Captain Kirk and Mr. Spock, and if I was lucky, a movie of some quality.
His subjects are sensuous - nudes, vegetables, fruit.
Mr. Crafton spoke with a British accent at the other colleges, but not at George Washington.
Miss Hinton wanted $5,000 as an option on her book.
Mr. Nujoma, who heads the South-West Africa People's Organization, which operates from bases in Angola and from within South-West Africa, also known as Namibia, is at the United Nations for the Security Council discussion of the problem.
The improbable setting was Maxim's, probably the most famous restaurant in Paris - or, rather, a copy that the French designer Pierre Cardin has brought to the bleak capital of the world's most populous Communist state.
The confederation said its plea is linked to the current Congressional review of the Export Administration Act, which provides Presidential powers.
A preliminary hearing is scheduled for Thursday on the doctor's request that the court order the mother, who is in her 20's, ''immediately stop taking'' any nonprescribed drugs.
The next Federal coal lease auction, the Circle West sale, covering coal deposits in northeast Montana, is scheduled for March.
A photographer shot an aerial picture of Australia II while it heeled over in a stiff breeze.
*3*** COMPANY REPORTS ** View Full Article in Timesmachine »
* Intelligence agencies have exhibited chronic, but not illfounded, reluctance to collect information on drug trafficking for fear of getting enmeshed in court proceedings that might compromise their operations.
Devil's Bag, who is trained by Woody Stephens, covered the mile of the Champagne under Eddie Maple in 1:34 1/5, the fasest mile ever by a 2-year-old in New York.
He pointed out that three Americans flew out of Grenada on the day before the invasion aboard a United States Government plane.
Trouble With Nine Mile Point The Long Island Lighting Company may have even greater trouble carrying its share of Nine Mile Point, and members of the Island's delegation in Albany have proposed legislation to make the utility sell it.
It was cold inside the restaurant and the barmaid, who handed out drinks with embossed cocktail napkins left over from somebody's wedding, wore a heavy cable sweater and skimpy black hotpants.
He wouldn't go anywhere or anything.
The types of security arrangements and normalization of relations Israel is seeking from Lebanon in their current negotiations are totally unacceptable to Syria, according to diplomats and Syrian officials.
With Woodley at quarterback, the Dolphins went 82 yards in 17 plays, keeping the ball for 7 minutes 11 seconds, to score the opening touchdown at 11:02 of the first quarter.
But Mr. Gary added that he still believed the Governor should appoint a permanent special prosecutor to handle criminal cases involving police officers.
The long mahogany table where President Truman once played poker is back in place again in the main saloon.
But there was still a note of proud defiance in his lecture.
Pontiac says that the rear-wheel-drive Fiero, equipped with a 2.5-liter four-cylinder engine and with a base price of $7,999, is the first mid-engine sports car built in America.
Local Voting Scheduled in Sind As a prelude to the gradual restoration of civilian rule, elections to local governing bodies have been scheduled for next month in Sind.
''Mabel's and my careers were in many ways similar,'' Mr. Barnes said.
And Karen S. Burstein, executive director of the State Consumer Protection Board, said she would file court briefs in support of the group's action.
I got an early dose of it in high school, when I was trying out for varsity basketball and - for reasons that must have made sense to me then - feeling confident about my chances.
To the Editor: There is a great need for safe, affordable, comfortable housing in New York City, but the way to provide it does not lie in legitimizing illegal two-, three- and, in some instances, four-family homes.
Mr. Cuomo saids he does not, while Federal officials, and even some state officials, insist that he does.
The 49er backs are available to receive the ball on virtually every play, making it a difficult guessing game for the second-year man.
He shook his head thoughtfully.
The only apparent casualty was Chumming, who came up lame in his left front leg and will have X-Rays taken in New York Monday.
According to James Travis, Della Femina president, Transamerica is planning an extra advertising effort for the coming Winter and Summer Olympics of which it is a sponsor and is planning to spend $2 million on the former and $7 million on the latter.
''You don't want one that affects savings and investment, you try to get revenue from the consumption side.''
To an Africa torn by tribal conflict and racial hatred, he offered a vision of harmony and power-sharing: After guerrilla war and bigoted white rule he would forge a constructive partnership.
In the works of writers like Barbara Woods and Ed Bullins, they poison, rob and murder their employers, sparing not even fellow blacks who refuse to join the fight.
I started choreographing my entrance, and he didn't want me to dance; he wanted me to walk on, play a long scene and sing a song.
Legislation Killed Would have provided for a state income-tax checkoff to finance campaigns of major-party candidates for statewide office.
Random House has published what it hopes will be a popular stocking stuffer - a facsimile edition of Rockwell Kent's ''A Northern Christmas,'' an account of Christmas 1918, which the author spent on a remote Alaskan island near the Arctic Circle with his 8-year-old son.
I mean genuine phobia and anxiety.
According to Everett Clark, a department engineer for northern Westchester: ''There isn't anyone in the department who doesn't say that scenic roads is a tremendous idea.
Even if you're able to untangle it, the line has probably been seriously weakened.
Risk factor is a phrase that epidemiologists use to describe the various conditions that can put people at risk of getting a disease.
''Zorba,'' with Anthony Quinn in a revival of the 1968 musical by Joseph Stein, John Kander and Fred Ebb.
Last November, following an increase in the citywide inmate population, which the city attributed to a strike by employees of the Legal Aid Society, Judge Lasker allowed a temporary in-crease of up to 1,445 inmates in the jail.
One called for initially strengthening Parliament so that it could later be abolished, and the other advocated the initial strengthening of the Government before allowing it to wither away.
But the refund procedure, she explained, is just too cumbersome and time-consuming to maintain.
Dr. and Mrs. John D. Thomas of Somerset, England, and Pensacola, Fla. Dr. Thomas was pastor of the First Presbyterian Church in Pensacola.
The Moslem Voice of Arab Lebanon radio said the ambush was staged by the National Lebanese Resistance Front, a group of guerrillas who have taken responsibility for most of a series of attacks on Israelis in the last three months.
The pace of accommodation will largely hinge on the white man's hunger for the red man's resources.
One sequence shows more than 200 Jewish faces from all over the world - faces so varied that the myth of the typical Jewish face is quickly dispelled.
HOCKEY NEW JERSEY (NHL) - Signed John MacLean, right wing and their first-round draft selection, to a multiyear contract.
She is divorced and has a son, Anthony, and a daughter, Ivette.
The folksy manner of the ukeleleplaying radio and television personality won him millions of admirers in the 1940's and '50's.
Now, at the age of 69, Mr. Brill is in penury.
''We had to choose a base where I could work.''
''My husband says that it's the random killers who just kill anybody that are the hardest to find,'' said Margaret Sissel, who lives on the town's east side.
Neal Pilson, the president of CBS Sports, said that cable sports programming, in general, and ESPN, specifically, had a negligible impact on the three major over-the-air networks.
''The retired Air Force officers in my district are convinced there's waste in the Pentagon,'' he said.
The endowment, the growth of that endowment and the health of that endowment is one way to keep tuition costs down."
These recipes are, we have decided, admirably indicative of where American cooking is today.
Winfield then swung at Berenguer's first pitch and lashed a double to left that gave the Yankees a 2-1 lead.
Before filing her suit, she stood on a sidewalk in front of the Court building and unfurled a banner with the First Amendment quoted on it.
The television series tries to offer the foreign, 1940's atmosphere from the movie.
''She came with Bashkin Dibra of the Mariah Foundation - it's his wolf and his foundation.
Beckenbauer's mishap occurred 1 minute and 52 seconds after intermission.
In other years, his highest strikeout ratios were 32 percent in 1970 and 31 percent in his rookie season, 1968, when he had a personal worst of 171 strikeouts.
SIMON PERCHIK, East Hampton Another school year begins, and it's about time I got a few gripes off my chest.
Senator Carl Levin said today that he would propose a law requiring William J. Casey, Director of Central Intelligence, to put his assets in a blind trust if Mr. Casey did not do so voluntarily.
As a matter of fact, those who were making it a political football a little more than a year ago denied that it was facing that kind of problem.
Cheng-Zong Yin will give a Carnegie Hall piano recital on Wednesday.
Bob Talmage's flaccid direction has the cast playing to the audience with an attitude of smirking superiority to the material.
Ray Moore, the president of the A.T.P., has suggested taking the $3 million bonus money distributed to the players who qualify for the Masters event at the end of the year and paying it to the top players as an inducement to support certain tournaments in the coming year that they may have not wanted to play.
handed over responsibility for it to the state.
Invoking Theodore Roosevelt's ''big stick'' philosophy, Mr. Reagan said, ''If we cannot act decisively so close to home, who will believe us anywhere?''
His was the raspy voice in the locker room Wednesday night telling the players they had played a ''perfect'' first half before committing a third quarter that will live a long time in the annals of dreadfulness.
The suit challenges the constitutionality of the financing of the state's judiciary system, contending that inadequate financing and a shortage of judges has caused delays of from two to six years in bringing civil court cases to trial, violating rights to a speedy trial.
In his budget message on Feb. 9, Mr. O'Neill proposed a spending program of $3.58 billion for the fiscal year beginning July 1, an increase of 10.7 percent over the current budget.
In my case this attitude extends to cooking oil.
Journalists and diplomats continued to pass, as usual, between the sectors.
THE fashionable could not sit still.
Trimmer had just killed a witness in California and were going to kill one in Europe as part of the murder plot.
Only the invented part of our life - the unreal part - has had any scheme, any beauty.
Others stick by the New York to Aruba to Cura,cao haul on American, followed by a 20-minute A.L.M.
The museum has been a muted presence in the artistic life of this city since its building program began in 1980.
''We are living our religion.''
The second act turns to the challenger, Crow, in Mr. Mellor's version, an animated gargoyle.
''Verse Person Singular'' was produced by Richard Barclay and directed by Robert Deubel.
She is survived by her husband, Irving Starobin; three daughters, Nora Hounigringer of Tampa, Fla.; Julie Starobin of San Francisco, and Amy Messing of Rowayton, Conn., and two grandchildren.
The Supreme Court ruled today that the Federal law against sex discrimination in employment prohibits employer-sponsored retirement plans that give men and women unequal benefits.
Despite its flaws, ''Nerone'' can be recommended to anyone with an interest in an unusual work by an important musical thinker.
At ''Fiberworks,'' Daryl Lancaster, a weaver who was among the first to join the group and who now keeps the books, said: ''Each time we close, we never know if there will be another.''
Because half of the record field of 136 pros and three amateurs had completed 18 holes, the round met the Ladies Professional Golf Association rules for certification, and tournament authorities said the day's play was official.
The surprise nominee was Wolfgang Petersen for ''Das Boot'' (''The Boat''), a German-language movie about a U-boat crew during the final months of World War II.
His people were Iowa pioneers and devout Quakers, his father a blacksmith, his mother a Sunday school teacher.
The company, Waste Management Inc., a billion-dollar public corporation with about 20 hazardous waste treatment sites, has within the last two years been cited by state and Federal authorities at at least seven of its toxic waste sites.
One factor in Mr. Feiner's favor is that Anthony Veteran, the popular Democratic Town Supervisor, is running for re-election and will help the entire Democratic ticket.
'' 'Night, Mother'' is controlled, precise, believable.
The other roles are insufficiently individualized.
Among the campaigns he managed were Dewey's re-election bids in 1946 and 1950 and the Republican Presidential races in which he delivered New York State to Dewey in 1948 and to Dwight D. Eisenhower in 1952 and 1956.
Maximum number in class: 12 to 15.
Mr. Eagleburger said that Soviet denials not only were lies, but that they also raised ''the most serious questions about the competence of the Soviet air defense system, with all the danger that implies.''
For ''20/20,'' the group worked on stories of the victims of fallout of a series of 1950's nuclear tests code- named Operation Wigwam and investigated a fraudulent fund-raising scheme for the International Year of the Child, a United Nations observance.
The United States, as well as other nations of the world, came to your aid against the aggression.
The Conciliation and Appeals Board has ruled that the change in the Omnibus Housing Law of 1983 eliminating three-year leases supercedes previous requirements that the owner offer tenants a choice of one-, two- or three-year renewals.
But Dresdner's chairman, Hans Friderichs, said the total figure was close to $413 million.
The influence of Wagner, an idol of the young Strauss, was pervasive, too, particularly in the rather clumsy libretto.
Mr. Stone had been expected to urge the guerrillas' political leadership to take part in presidential elections tentatively scheduled for December in El Salvador.
For women accustomed to spending $2,000 and more on a dress, Sister Max's richly beaded dresses at $400 look like a bargain.
Mr. Ickes sometimes used it as a bedroom, including one extended stay while he was recuperating from a heart attack in the summer of 1937, six months before Mr. Watt was born.
The Ringo style is simple, as basic as the Packers' famed sweep.
She and Mr. Untermeyer were divorced in 1945.
MICHIKO KAKUTANI JUST three years ago, British publishing was suffering its worst slump in 50 years.
Although no one doubts the dumping causes harm, officials say there is no comprehensive information on how the continuing flow of sewage affects water quality.
Afterward, one senior Democrat commented that the decision had been both a reward for the freshman's efforts last fall and an attempt to boost his chances for surviving a return match with Mr. LeBoutillier in 1984.
The report, prepared by the internal affairs division and based on a survey of precinct and other commanders, said the young officers had grown up in a society that had become ''increasingly tolerant of the use of illegal drugs.''
An official announcement, however, may not come until as late as next year.
He just went up and down the streets looking through trash piles.''
(Television - SportsChannel, 6:30 and 11 P.M., tape.)
It is a two-stage procedure.
But Cummings, who was trailed throughout the game by Truck Robinson, hit only 2 of his 10 shots from the floor in the first half for 4 points.
To install high-pressure sodium street lights.
Mr. Clausen told them he was now prepared to recommend approval of $650 million of new project loans for Brazil at an October board meeting and that the bank would continue to accelerate disbursements on already approved loans.
In Rolling Hills, on the Palos Verdes peninsula, ''us'' are equestrians.
Take the themes incorporated in both shows from the ''Tale of Genji,'' the 11th-century romance by Lady Murasaki, which is one of the first great Japanese novels.
While at Longview, Selectman Cleanayr welcomed the ''new'' people, appointing them to the Planning and Conservation Commissions.
The field i s so new that there are no established professional associations, a cademic credentials or licensing that can guarantee expertise.
The bassist for the last year, Ralph Hamperian, who made a European tour with Lionel Hampton a couple of years ago, will travel with ''Jazz at Noon.''
Colonial had assets of $1.3 billion at the end of 1982, RIHT had $1.9 billion, and Casco-Northern, $659 million.
''They seem to keep their noses to the grindstone, interested only in getting good grades and getting a good job.''
The Rams' owner, Georgia Frontiere, said in a prepared statement: ''We are indebted to Ray for some fine seasons of football.
The little carriers have joint agreements on fares with their big sisters, so passengers do not lose anything by booking through to their final destination with the airline they start with.
The Mets, with the help of a revived bullpen, continue their efforts to catch the fifth-place Chicago Cubs.
No Stigma of Camps ''The Columbus project has removed the stigma of private computer camps, which usually cost hundreds of dollars and therefore are unaffordable for the poor,'' he said.
None of those wide frames of reference apply.
It's a political exercise that deflects attention from what has to be done,'' he added, referring to proposals to broaden the tax base.
Begin has been in seclusion for a week inside his official residence, suffering, an aide said, from a bad cold.
The reductions would be achieved with a freeze on pay increases for military and civilian employees, a six-month delay in all cost-ofliving adjustments, freezes on reimbursements under some programs, including Medicare, and a freeze on the target price for farm supports.
THIS year's installment of the Mostly Mozart Festival Orchestra has received much justified praise.
Session Lasted 13 Hours The freeze resolution calls for immediate negotiations between the United States and the Soviet Union to seek a ''mutual and verifiable freeze and reductions in nuclear weapons.''
Nico Castel, the Metropolitan Opera tenor who has long specialized in Sephardic and other Jewish music, will be the soloist in a complete performance of Salamone Rossi's ''Sacred Service,'' accompanied by the Ensemble for Early Jewish Music, a consort of musicians playing antique instruments of the period (725-5620).
The former view pelicans as competitors.
And in some of the language that you've used.
The nearly 740,000 acres that the Government has earmarked for distribution to cooperatives in June and July come from the public lands.
I knew I couldn't do that.''
The Cast MADAMA BUTTERFLY, opera in three acts by Giacomo Puccini; libretto by Luigi Illica and Giuseppe Giacosa.
have long been supporting candidates.
''No matter what he had done, I would have been ready for him.
''Nobody in Paraguay is interested in what's happening in Bolivia,'' he said.
Trinity is one of a growing number of liberal arts colleges around the country that are concluding that the kind of schools they associate with on the athletic field affects their academic reputations.
The 62-year-old Smyslov, a Soviet grandmaster who held the world title in 1957, won when Zoltan Ribli, 32, of Hungary, resigned after his 42d move in their adjourned game without resuming play.
The cash crunch then worsened with the drop in interest rates last fall.
Utah took the lead for good early in the fourth quarter and gained its 20th victory against 38 losses.
But he denied that he was the dissident being groomed for the takeover by an unidentified foreign country.
The pair formed a musical partnership that took eight years to blossom into a romance.
He had a bandage around his head.
But the clothing here is not faddish.
Thus teaching has become the lowest- ranking of professions.
reported a 16.7 percent rise in first-quarter earnings, while International Paper's rose 15.8 percent, Whirlpool's soared 43.6 percent, and Intel's nearly doubled.
''After writing a few of those essays,'' he said, ''I learned not to throw my racquet.
Bernard Miller, managing director for the Intercounty Appliance Corporation, a cooperative buying organization for 44 appliance dealers in the New York metropolitan area, reported a year-end increase in total business, both in dollars and in unit volume.
However, as a writer I was interested in learning historical and literary editing; my husband, an accountant and lawyer, had always been a devoted student of history.
Nimslo's problems have also forced it to revise and finally abandon its plans to acquire Berkey Photo, in which it had assembled a 16 percent stake last year.
Spending and taxes, the tools that affect the deficit, are the province of Congress.
Against Diaz, Bill Madlock attoned for his double-play ball in the first inning by driving in Wynne with a single.
Mrs. Stein, a teacher and writer on crafts, also emphasized the benefits of having a community of people of different ages, such as an elderly neighbor who taught them about gardening and gave them some unusual plants.
Unlike the so-called Whoops bonds, which were backed only by the nuclear project itself, Zimmer has been financed through a combination of newly issued stock in the three utilities and mortgage bonds.
Michael Ray Richardson, starting as the other guard, scored 10 points.
Signed by the five leaders of the underground committee, the statement called for laying flowers on the graves of the score of people who died ''at the hands of the authorities'' under martial law.
Fifth Avenue was not in the city's original bus-lane plan, announced a year ago, but was added after a merchants' group dropped its opposition.
He has made ski wear into day wear, including new, rugged cotton pants with channel quilting on the legs and new channel-quilted sweatshirts.
One example is Albergo del Sole al Pantheon, Piazza della Rotonda 63 (679-33-29, 679- 34-90).
It also goes with creamed scallops and shrimp.
Short-Term Market Steadier Fluctuations were were not so extreme for Treasury bills and other short-term securities.
''For baseball is a game of onething-at-a-time, fixed positions and visibly delegated specialist jobs such as belong to the now passing mechanical age, with its fragmented tasks and its staff and line in management organization.
... Ron Guidry, the Yankee pitcher, and John Stearns, the Met catcher, are among 15 players nominated for the Roberto Clemente Award, which recognizes excellence both on and off the field.
How is he able to take advantage of an opportunity and pound a wounded opponent, knowing the damage that can be done?
I'm afraid that when I do, I will.
Year-ago results have been restated to reflect the sale of First Texas Financial Corp. in November 1982.
Saks Fifth Avenue, 611 Fifth Avenue (50th Street), 940-4790.
Two weeks of terror were described by scores of American students evacuated from Grenada.
Au Point, the heavy favorite because of his front-running victory in the Dwyer Stakes, has never won without taking an easy lead, and he folded early when he didn't get one today.
She added that she is working on a book about post- menopausal women called ''The Fountain of Age.''
The episode illustrated the ambiguous role of the marines who, along with 4,000 French, Italian and British troops, make up the multinational force that is supposed to be helping President Amin Gemayel assert his authority over the portion of Lebanon not occupied by Israelis or Syrians.
There are times when glamour and knock-'em-dead pyrotechnics take a back seat to sheer charm and the pleasures of intimacy.
Penny Kaniclides, a partner in Telstat, says that his intense commitment to things he believes in is one of his most distinguishing features.
Mr. Mkhize said the ''presence of the police in battle dress'' had been used to intimidate people.
John F. Herrick of Cleveland, president of the squash association and manager of the men's team, said he was sympathetic to the women's plight.
Said the President: ''I want to offer my best wishes to the Michigan Panthers, the Philadelphia Stars and to the U.S. Football League for a successful season next year.''
They were originally scheduled to be priced last week, but because of the rise in yields and market instability, they were put on a day-to-day pricing schedule.
Gromyko Goes First Mr. Shultz had earlier said he would refuse to discuss any subject except the airliner and charges of Soviet human rights violations.
Joe Frazier retained his title by outpointing Oscar Bonavena in 1968 at the Spectrum; his first fight had been a first-round knockout of Woody Goss in 1965 at the Philadelphia Arena.
What about the potential for technology stocks over the next year?
So out of simple curiosity, you ask yourself what happened: what brought them to this place?
The United States says Nicaragua has sent arms to leftist guerrillas in El Salvador.
Second on the list of honorees, he is lauded by Gene Kelly, who recalls how they worked together on the film ''Anchors Aweigh.''
Mr. Geneen, 73 years old, a prodigious worker, driver of executives and master acquirer of companies, built I.T.T.
Mr. Barma lives on Roosevelt Island and his deputies in the Corona section of Queens.
''The commissioner,'' Steinbrenner said in a brief statement issued during the Yankees' 3-0 victory over Toronto, ''has given his decision in the matter involving the National League umpires and the Major League Umpires Association.
Mr. Ivey, the company's attorney, noted that in December 1981, Wilson obtained, in a new labor contract, a wage freeze scheduled to last until September 1985, when the contract expires.
Push the proper button and each screen lights up with a multiple-choice question about the slide above it.
Perhaps she can somehow avoid being run over regularly by the White House theorists.
PxP; 12 PxP, BxN; 13 BxB, QNxP, winning a vital center pawn; moreover, the easy way out, 11 PxP, would concede Black a strong center with 11 .
It was the 12th pinch-home run for the Mets this season, tying the major league record set by the Cincinnati Reds in 1957.
His touchdowns runs covered 17, 16 and 1 yard twice.
* Trident Investment Management Inc., Paramus, N.J., has elected Kenneth E. Peterson senior vice president.
And since conference members cannot increase business by reducing prices, the system tends to discourage cost-cutting innovation.
''Justice has not yet prevailed in this case,'' Mr. Sankey said.
Acting, sewing, typing, self-defense, computer programming and film making (youngsters write, direct and produce their own movie).
''We're at an important and delicate situation in managing our relations with Nicaragua and in the Contadora project and we might want to send some kind of diplomatic signal by keeping Borge out.''
The report, based on information from surveillance, wiretapping, informants and undercover operations, focused mainly on La Cosa Nostra, but also cited organized criminal activity involving several other ethnic and national groups.
''I couldn't afford sneakers, though.
Rossignol has come up with three competition skis and one in the sport category that it says selectively absorbe shock rather than fight it, and increase ski-tosnow contract.
There are no last judgements, no fiery demons; instead, Mendelssohn's graceful and elegaic quartet is illuminated with a quiet resignation as serene as it is powerful.
Robert Donington, in his ''Wagner's 'Ring' and its Symbols'' looked at the entire Wagner case through the prism of Jungian psychology and saw the cycle's symbolism as absolutely clear, logical and unequivocal.
I can't usually be talked out of making a movie I love, but I can be talked into making a movie somebody else loves.''
Much of the gain in Marine Midland's profits reflected a strengthening in its basic business - taking in money and lending it out.
But in addition to his journalism, he produced a steady flow of academic works until the very end of his life.
A bustling, self-important man in a Nehru suit, hung heavily with medallions, is researching his former life.
In the United States it's inexplicably called ''Hugh Johnson's Encyclopedia.''
All except 30 or 40 that are really awfully interesting.
When you are a two-career couple, there is a terrible temptation to eat a glorious French dinner one day and to grab something on the run the next.
A two-hour group lesson costs $8 a person.
A Croix for the 104th Walter Lewis, of Atlantic City, is the 761st's historian.
In fact, last year's total sighting of 23 had been exceeded - thanks to the sapsucker, the hawk, a fox sparrow and some common grackles.
None of the animals killed in the blaze were believed to have been active racers.
The real minimum cost of a round- trip coast-to-coast ticket is now less than 40 percent of its pre-deregulation level in 1974, when the Civil Aeronautics Board first began to loosen regulatory controls.
During that blackout, dozens of bombs exploded throughout the city, including one near the United States Embassy and the presidential palace.
The leading House measure would require packages and advertising to rotate several health warnings, each focusing on a cigarette-related danger, including birth defects, spontaneous abortions and cancer.
Maybe more by private companies.''
The boy's life is saved, and his father gratefully dicides to offer his son to the snake cult as an initiate.
for an undisclosed amount of stock that will be spread among the agency's 25 shareholders.
He said he had inquired about the status of Eden Pastora Gomez, the former Sandinist known as Commander Zero who has expressed his determination to overthrow his former comrades, and had been informed that he had been expelled from Costa Rica last Monday.
Congress has twice authorized temporary supplemental benefits for workers who would otherwise have run out of benefits.
Across the street, on the Boardwalk, is the 20-year-old Shorefront Y.M.-Y.W.H.A., where 150 hot lunches are served daily to the elderly and dozens of courses are offered in folk dancing, macrame, health, languages and art.
But in terms of life today, for the vast majority of black people, I don't see progress.
Even in war you do not deploy your soldiers in such suicidal situations.''
The official position of the Reagan- Bush 1984 campaign, which was established by the President in October, is that Mr. Reagan has not yet made his final decision on running for re-election.
They include two 73-passenger BAC 1-11 turbojets, two 15-passenger Handley Page Jetstreams and nine 19- passenger de Havilland Twin Otters.
The recession made the consumer price-conscious and cut heavily into sales.
She wondered whether to call off the varsity game with Scarsdale.
''After he strikes out, we'll all be sitting in the dugout with our minds in the game, and all of a sudden two batters later, we'll hear Mike say something like, 'I know that was a fastball and he threw it.
''The ethics commission will now also seek to determine his status, and if the Division of Criminal Justice won't tell us, we will determine how long to wait.
The school has 49 full-time and 112 part-time faculty members.
The indictment said Mr. Mattox was trying to stop the law firm from questioning his sister about a 1982 loan to Mr. Mattox's campaign fund.
Even if you overlooked the biased reporting of data and the questionable motivation for the conclusions, the negative tone of the report is counterproductive to the goal of the commission: promoting excellence.
This has aroused protests from at least one environmental group, Greenpeace; from Gulf Coast residents, who say they fear oil spills, and shrimpers, who say shellfish would be contaminated with cancer-causing chemicals.
They were so obviously exaggerated, that we just dismissed them.
One prominent participant, Coretta Scott King, of Atlanta, said she had abstained from voting because she thought it was too early to decide the issue.
It was his second as a Ranger.
Workers take pride in keeping machines running and repair breakdowns quickly.
Mr. Montgomery, one of Mr. Reagan's strongest Democratic supporters, easily retained his job with 179 votes, but he interpreted the tally as a message.
The man who spoke of being asked by Oakland to scout an opponent's defensive backfield was Charley Winner.
Defense Department officials said today that a disabled Soviet submarine floating nearly 500 miles off the South Carolina coast may have been forced to the surface by a collision with a sonar device towed by a United States destroyer.
UPSTAIRS Cattails is one of the newer establishments in town, a cabaret, with a modest restaurant menu, one flight up over a Chinese restaurant in a small building at 2581 Broadway, north of 97th Street (865-6100).
But this is an unprecedented double-ring ceremony that will not occur.
Mahre gained 25 World Cup points with the victory, giving him a total of 250.
At the Jack and Betty Club, around the corner from the Seibu department store in Shibuya, ''We love food'' is the motto.
Complete dinners from $11.25 to $19.50; dinner, a la carte, $8.25 to $19.25.
Some, teachers said, had to be taught to use a knife and fork.
Treasury officials believe refunds will hit a record $22 billion, but they expect corporate profits and Treasury receipts to pick up as the economy recovers.
In the first deals of the week, they traded 40-year-old Tony Perez back to the Cincinnati Reds and 41-year-old Ron Reed to the Chicago White Sox.
The police also searched the home of the memorabilia dealer, Konrad Kujau, who is also known as Konrad Fischer, but did not say what, if anything, they found.
Kingman's shot was the eighth pinch-hit homer for the Mets this season.
An air of uncertainty has enveloped President Reagan's Middle East initiative.
''A lot of folks are professionally unemployed,'' he said.
''He didn't play the last few games.
Commissioner McGuire, while relieved that the investigation was considerably smaller than at first appeared, did not feel he had initially overreacted.
said Fuentes after a visit to Managua last January.
Selections of Hot Sox hosiery and the others listed below are available at most large department stores.
But don't count on all four of those teams getting to Albuquerque, N.M., for the semifinals April 2, with the title game two days later.
In addition, despite reports that he was annoyed recently by aspects of Mr. Sharon's behavior, the Prime Minister is said to have acted out of a combination of personal loyalty, awe of military men and admiration for Mr. Sharon's tough determination in carrying out hard-line policies.
* CATHOLIC CHARITIES, DIOCESE OF BROOKLYN, 191 Joralemon Street, Brooklyn, N.Y. 11201.
The action, which becomes effective in 15 days, affects large highway motorcycles with an engine displacement of more than 700 cubic inches,the only market in which Harley-Davidson now manufactures.
airplane, but what it's like in an ordinary American town.''
Wounded marines who recently returned from the Beirut barracks explosion watched from wheelchairs in the rain.
These products can be used around ornamentals but not on any vegetables or herbs.
When a private business finds itself capable of making large amounts of money, it maximizes its income and pays out any surpluses to its owners.
He'll try again tonight, still looking for his first victory.
Residents of the Love Canal area of Niagara Falls, N.Y., once the site of a toxic waste dump, are (much more likely/somewhat more likely/no more likely) to have suffered chromosomal damage than residents elsewhere in the city, according to a Government study.
2 Closings in New York Area The Office of Management and Budget said the two printing operations to be closed in the New York City area were a Customs office of the Treasury Department at the World Trade Center and another for the Commerce Deparment's National Oceanic and Atmospheric Administration in Garden City, L.I.
On April 7, as the trial date neared, a demonstration took place before the West German Embassy in Tripoli.
Mr. Haas and Mr. Jansen later made a second proposal to 16 defendants in the suit they had instituted, seeking $4,700 from each, according to the complaint.
In announcing the cancellation of the project this afternoon, Michel Vauzelle, President Francois Mitterrand's spokesman, sought to place the blame for the decision on Jacques Chirac, the Mayor of Paris.
Mondale misrepresented my views on that.
The Americans confirmed the activities only after being told that Soviet officials had reported them in Moscow earlier this spring.
Inside, we could see an Atari game where there had been an upright piano.
This army of the unemployed, the mentally ill left without assistance, and those who have lost homes or can find no low-income housing would have trouble making sense of the Sunday headlines.
110), and Beethoven, in C (Op.
''There is a new set of people in key positions in all the states.
The Kirghiz people, a conglomerate of smaller tribes, had been ruled by the Khanate of Kokand until the area was annexed by Russian troops in the mid-19th century.
According to the bank board, the low bid would pay the Government $16 million above the cost of covering Biscayne's debts.
Dr. Sekeramayi, a Minister of State in the Prime Minister's Office, supervises the armed forces for Mr. Mugabe, the titular Minister of Defense.
Now Long Island residents, Mr. Columbe and Mr. Crescenti, former Brooklynites and both in the public information office of the C.W.
Larry Holmes says he wants one more big fight before retiring from the ring, and he defines ''big'' as a $10 million purse.
The restaurant, Ruelles, on Columbus Avenue, is open.
''I'm a claims representative for the Social Security Administration, but I'm very active in the Gilbert and Sullivan Society,'' said Dan Kravetz, a Music and Art graduate of 1969.
The question arises: What do managers do?
Young undercover police officers have arrested more than 200 people suspected of selling drugs to teen-age students and seized heroin, marijuana, cocaine, LSD and other drugs in raids at nine high schools, the authorities said Wednesday.
Lessons to be learned from well-run American corporations.
The Pentagon held to this position through Sunday Oct. 30.
In fact we were the first members of the crew.
Officials have also ordered everyone to move at double time to get much of the work, especially the subway, completed in time to impress the many visitors anticipated for the 1986 Asian Games and 1988 Summer Olympics that Seoul will put on.
Taking her cue from such photographers as Martin Munkacsi, she had her lithe, sporty models run, jump and otherwise disport themselves in ways that suggest verve and vitality.
Cornell expects to raise its annual bill for tuition, room and board by about 12 percent, to $13,200.
That, according to the latest calculation by the Federal Election Commission, will be the approximate spending ceiling next year: $20 million for each candidate in the preconvention competition and $40 million each for the two finalists in the main event.
If you don't, you just drink it plain.
Even so, no fewer than 30 states are striving to draw technology-based companies.
''Someone who went to Princeton or Harvard or someplace like that probably thought we had some great room with paneling to put it in,'' he said.
And when we saw the early results of our subscription campaign for this season, the number of subscriptions did not seem sufficient to justify a subscription program.''
Three farmers from Huiyang County in Guangdong Province, in a letter to a biweekly agricultural newspaper earlier this year, listed needs that included not only more lightweight farm machinery and seeds but also better postal service and television repairmen.
That night, Mr. Hughes said, he was taken from his home, placed in a holding facility called the goat pen, once part of a prison farm, and later switched to a cell.
Du Bois, Booker T. Washington and Paul Robeson, among others - are all here.''
Place a teaspoonful of the filling in the center of the leaf and fold over, first one side, then the other, then roll to make a cylindrical parcel.
By late in the day, the bellwether 12 percent Treasury bonds due in 2013 were offered at 103 3/32, up 1/2 point, to yield 11.62 percent.
Protecting American steel would also damage growth in less developed countries, and their ability to pay their debts to the United States.
Picket lines were removed from the gates of five American installations after the signing of an agreement Thursday night by Rear Adm. Dickinson Smith, commander of the Subic Bay Naval Base, and Bobby Flores, president of the Filipino Civilian Employees Association.
But these gatherings have been taking place elsewhere, the sources said, since stepped up fighting and controls along Nicaragua's northern borders have made clandestine movements more difficult.
Two days before the National Football League makes its European debut here at Wembley Stadium, the hallowed seat of championship soccer, the event's promoters could use a timeout.
Mr. Kanz was involved for 26 years with the evolution of police emergency numbers from a separate number for each borough to the introduction of the citywide seven-digit number, 440-1234, in November 1964 and finally, the three-digit number.
''The amount of cigar smuggling,'' said Mr. Knable, ''is on a par with cocaine, I'd say.''
We played for the same high school, college and pro teams.
'Messenger' for the King The Prince's father, Prince Sultan, is the Saudi Defense Minister and his wife, Princess Haifa, is the daughter of the late King Faisal.
''It's not really that they are any better than the older players.
'' 'But I don't know what I did,' I said.''
''And the characteristics that have served Japan well in the past in its rapid industrialization will work in this industry, too.
And he said, 'I'll sit in the middle of the field, and I'll cry.'
He could be my father.
On the other hand are such national groups as Dominicans and Salvadorans who have no family history of contacts with this country and are here basically because of social and political upheaval in their own countries.
Federal Funds Rate Down One sign that the Fed may have become more willing to provide reserves to the banking system is the recent decline in the overnight rate for bank loans in the Federal funds market, which averaged about 9 5/8 percent in the first three weeks of August and 9 1/2 percent in the four weeks ended Sept. 23, and has been very stable in the past four weeks, at an average of 9.39 percent.
Jackson Speaks for His Bill ''Compensation should be made not by those who have a special pleading to make but by the Government,'' Mr. Jackson said shortly after the issue was resolved.
God will not forget you.'
His 21st was highlighted by his 300th victory, when he beat the Yankees May 6 at the Kingdome, and his 10-day suspension in September for throwing an illegal pitch.
Several days, people without reservations had to be turned away for an hour or two.
Tiffany's most contemporary pattern, Bamboo, designed by Van Day Truex in 1961, has been its slowest seller.
The consolidation will bring all the nationally advertised Miles vitamin brands to Tatham-Laird & Kudner for creative work.
to begin to work its will.
IN an exciting chain of events yesterday, the Brown & Williamson Tobacco Corporation announced that it was moving its Barclay cigarette brand from McCann-Erickson to Ogilvy & Mather, and within an hour the R.J. Reynolds Tobacco Company announced that it was assigning its Camel brand to McCann, both domestically and in 20 foreign countries.
For their part, the producers must cut back exports if prices threaten to fall below the floor price.
would be large enough to allow the company to service its loans with enough left over to provide a handsome profit.
This year, I might take a little different approach - in that it's an Olympic year - to concentrate on giant slalom and slalom.
Dr. Clements, a former Air Force officer who flew 50 missions in Vietnam, is an unlikely hero for the peace movement.
Fee is $66 for nonmembers, $60 for members.
The talks are scheduled to resume next week.
The new tape drive announced today was intended to dispel that concern.
''They're not saying they want to see Susan Jaffe in 'Duets' or Brian Adams in Paul Taylor's 'Airs.'
Their brief report demonstrated that molecules of DNA (deoxyribonucleic acid), the hereditary material in all living things, take the form of a double helix.
Most winters the autumnal growth of grass means ranchers need not feed supplemental hay until around New Year's.
Now industrial unions and social welfare legislation are also under attack.
However, the U.S. stand has not up to now been changing, and it has not altered judging by the latest statements of the U.S. President.
On the other hand, they are frequently running up against cases that hardly lend themselves to sustained comedy.
''It was always a bit surprised by its own success.''
From the Pelican State comes guardedly good news about one of the world's largest birds (50 inches from top to toe) as well as one of its oddest (its pouch can scoop up ''hundreds of minnows along with several gallons of water'').
The Jazztet will play at Fat Tuesday's, 190 Third Avenue, near 17th Street, tonight and tomorrow at 9 and 11 P.M., and 1 A.M. and Sunday at 9 and 11 P.M.
Mr. Alvarado and Mrs. Shapiro, the kindergarten teacher, dismiss that objection.
''It is not our policy to comment on Soviet propaganda,'' said Dale Peterson, a spokesman for the intelligence agency.
But the Foreign Ministry's attempt to play down the importance of the French request last year to hold the Atlantic Council meeting here seems symptomatic of the problems the French find in saying they want to be closer to the military organization without being inside it.
In a movie, you must spend millions to make the audience believe a rocket ship really flies.
This year, it is 14.
The Sun Company, based in Radnor, Pa., is the 11th largest American oil company.
The free flight is possible because of Republic's promotion, called the ''ABC Plan.''
was all we had on Sunday,'' Foster said of the network's sports programming.
Mr. Singer said his ''well-documented'' film ''does celebrate the 'good Arab.'
Somehow, that bleak moonscape of rubble had been resettled and rebuilt with cement and brick houses.
True, weather forecasts could be sold, but satellite data are only one of their ingredients.
Admission to the symposium is $25.
For the year, the Indianapolis producer of drugs and agricultural chemicals said net income increased 10 percent, to $411.8 million, or $5.42 a share, from $374.5 million, or $4.93 a share, in 1981.
Throughout the land, other young and ambitious entrepreneurs are toiling away late into the night struggling to write that next great piece of software - a set of instructions, usually embedded in a gray disk, that allows the nation's computers to perform useful tasks.
''God's Banker'' charges the Vatican with financing right-wing political activities in South America.
Now, he has to explain himself more.
His ascent was such that on Jan. 30, 1982, the Forked River Elks Club sponsored ''Teddy Mann Day,'' honoring the town's fighter for the exhibitions he had fought on behalf of the local drive against muscular dystrophy.
The starting linebackers Gregg Bingham, Daryl Hunt, Robert Brazile and Avon Riley.
New orders for durable goods fell 3.6 percent in July, the first decline since February, the Commerce Department reported.
Hayward, who had been brought up from the Sherbrooke, Quebec farm team, showed the poise that might be expected from more seasoned players.
Both issues were removed from Creditwatch.
Among the experts Stern consulted, it named only Hugh Trevor-Roper, who has the title Lord Dacre, the British historian and author of books on Hitler.
But, to her credit, Miss Tolan eventually probes this woman's self-contradictions more forcefully.
In a separate announcement, Compton reported that in the past year it doubled the number of subsidiaries or affiliates in Latin America to eight by adding affiliates in Venezuela, Argentina, Brazil and Chile.
Art must take some of the blame for the confusion, because it appears that there is nothing unpalatable that it can't sooner or later make interesting and exciting.
C& C Interstate has agreed to pay $28 a share in cash and notes for up to 100 percent of Home Federal's million shares outstanding.
''The future is here,'' says Gracie Faure, manager of Camberley Enterprises, a four-year-old garment manufacturer that is owned by Hong Kong's Swire Group and that had sales last year of $6 million.
All the squalor of things, all our self-pity and disappointment are in that image.
Mr. Mehta will direct a heavy load of 60 concerts during the subscription season, though he will not be in residence until next month.
When asked what remained of the city Jewish life, Rabbi Moshe Halegya said: ''Very little.
Dent Is Winner CHATTANOOGA, Tenn., May 15 (AP) - Jim Dent defied the rain with a five-under-par 66 today to finish 12-under-par over all and win the $27,000 first prize in the $150,000 Chattanooga Gold Cup Clasic.
and other Federal agencies offer police training, but more should be done, he said.
In his immaculate Savile Row business suit, Mr. Burton mostly resembles a retired millionaire steeling himself for an obligatory annual visit to the accountant.
For ''Winter Kills,'' which he began in 1976 (it took him five years to finish), Mr. Richert performed miracles of persuasion.
Some Congressional Democrats see a Reagan antitax attitude as the cornerstone of a re-election campaign in which Mr. Reagan would run against Congress the way President Truman, a Democrat, did successfully in 1948 against the Republican-controlled 80th Congress.
Sources close to Dr Pepper also maintain that DPCC does not have the financing for the takeover.
They provided few specifics except to say they were seeking to prevent injuries and accidents and to have the agencies be more cooperative with the Law Department when cases reached the courts.
They succeeded in ''splicing'' ribonucleic acid (RNA) - a crucial step in the production of protein in all human and animal cells.
A Federal judge has imposed a sentence of one year's probation on a former Federal Reserve System employee who illegally retrieved sensitive information from the Fed's computer after he left the agency.
''It's not clear that they can survive without another major restructuring,'' said John McGinty, who follows the company for the First Boston Corporation.
Colonel Fintel, another important actor in the day's events, is also not part of the international force.
To prove the point, the show ended with a medley from ''Raisin,'' ''Nine,'' ''Little Shop of Horrors,'' ''The Best Little Whorehouse in Texas'' and ''A Chorus Line'' - BMI alumni all.
The new test, which won't be ready for standard use for another year or two, would permit early diagnosis and thus genetic counseling.
There was the Purgatorium, a small temple where the sacred Nile water was kept.
Any of these will combine well with pendulous plants that trail over the side, such as nasturtiums, petunias, morning glory, lantana and creeping thyme.
Then the first man stood back and sang in a mellow baritone for a minute, ''to pay for the meal.''
So we went out of the screening, and in the cab crossing Central Park, we made the deal.''
He was home to see his mother, Carolyn, one last time before his life would really begin.
conducts its draft April 20-21.
Bushwackers, diving plugs and small Mepps spinners all do well here.
''We look for bargains,'' Mr. Heine said in an interview.
''Decent respect for the opinion of mankind requires that the Soviet Union must provide a full accounting of what transpired.
Taught by Professor Lieberman and other manufacturing experts on the faculty - some of them hired within the last three years - the course exposes students to a range of manufacturing topics.
But it emphasized the British desire for someone, even an American, to take over command from Eisenhower and direct day-to-day operations.
The guide will be Abigail Miller, a graduate botany student.
But, Mr. Mains cautioned, this spread can only become profitable if the price of the underlying December futures rises above 70 29/32ds or drops below 69 3/32ds.
Mr. Mitterrand's programs would continue, he said, but commented at the same time that ''the methods have to be improved.''
However, Mr. Cranston insists that his exertions have carried him over the first hurdle.
The felon's two-year prison term has been stayed pending appeal; the board regards this stay as a suspension of sentence.
His comments, reported by the official Islamic Republic News Agency, came after the Iraqi President, Saddam Hussein, on Saturday invited Ayatollah Ruhollah Khomeini, the Iranian leader, to attend the Baghdad meeting.
Seattle's president, Dan O'Brien, said he had a verbal agreement on that arrangement with Bill Bergesch, the Yankees' vice president for baseball operations.
Some of the biggest smiles in Central Park are reserved for the crowd that quickly gathers around the Brewery Puppet Troupe.
WITH outdoor garden pleasures curtailed for the season, one consolation is to read about the subject.
Mr. Greene, who had been a colonel in the Marine Corps, joined The News in 1945 and became a national correspondent.
In Millburn, for example, police officers earn $24,982 and firefighters $21,618 in base pay.
They sacked the Packer quarterbacks four times and got four turnovers.
Like others, the exercises have been closely watched by Soviet reconnaissance planes and intelligence-gathering ships.
''And we were pleased by that.
Despite the sudden and sharp improvement in New York City's budget prospects for the coming fiscal year, the outlook for the city's economy is clouded by a mixture of good and bad signals, according to city officials and industry representatives.
In his earlier appraisal of the conflict between high demands and human realities, Mr. Gardner wrote that ''those who achieve excellence will be few at best,'' but he added that ''many more can achieve it than now do,'' and that society benefits not only from those who achieve excellence, but also from those who are trying.
Many people get in touch with Mrs. Whitney through Mrs. Douglas.
Country Cajun towns celebrate Mardi Gras (which usually comes in February) on horseback.
And wasn't the last, indeed the only, new play to hit Broadway itself this fall the luckless ''Brothers,'' about father and sons, sibling and sibling, and the memory of mother and child?
Some techniques, such as the elaborately detailed beading, can be duplicated nowhere else in the world.
These developments are likely to be more effective in changing Poland than all the rousing features and comments in the West.
The testimonies are engrossing, the moral issues are weighty.
First, we feel that this important book should not have been reviewed in Nonfiction in Brief.
Mr. Arnold complained that the commission's report, issued Sept. 13, failed to note that the purported procedural deviations that had been found were ''of no direct safety consequence.''
It was also the sixth time this season the Islanders have been shut out, the most of any team in the league this season.
It was Born's last book, the culmination of a tragically brief career.
Cleaning services recommend that wooden blinds be cleaned in this manner because immersing them in water could damage the finish and wood.
A gentle drift through the heart of France, never exhausting and never out of touch with a cafe.
Haddad Extends His Positions On Tuesday he moved several of his tanks and more of his men into Nabatiye, a market town in the central sector, and said he now controlled the entire area from the border to the Awali River.
''Traditional methods of marketing don't work in this business,'' he says.
Fears that gefilte fish, a staple of Passover, might contain Lake Huron carp tainted with the toxic dioxinprompted hundreds of inquiries among consumers, distributors and retailers in the New York metropolitan area.
Guerrillas Western diplomats here confirmed reports in Washington on Tuesday about the return of Palestine Liberation Organization guerrillas to eastern Lebanon in the last few days.
The number of school districts getting aid dropped to 2,200 from 4,100.
''They serve too much pork,'' he said, and he does not eat pork.
Peking is sending a shipload of arms to its Indonesian supporters.
Mr. Berger, a former district leader, was one of the first Nassau Democratic leaders to support Mr. Cuomo.
May the America's Cup Trophy rest with the team that has the fastest boat, not the one who has control of the rules.
The most popular vine-type is Hall's honeysuckle (L. japonica).
Nuclear power works at night as well as during the day.
And basically he's always right.
Those numbers are all anybody has to know about how good Martina Navratilova is now.
But few residents in the area appeared to put much stock in such promises.
I made mine in French.
Mr. Stieglitz's bagels come in six flavors: plain, onion, poppy, sesame, salt and pumpernickel. ''
The agency charged that they did not properly supervise three former employees who, it said, conspired to misappropriate $2.3 million from the firms.
Leaders of Japan's opposition parties, out of political power almost without interruption since World War II, say they are hoping Sunday's national elections will enable them to restore a balance to government.
(AP) - Dave Wienke passed 31 yards to the wide receiver Dameon Reilly for a touchdown with 2:19 left in the Yankee Conference game.
But while the defense was better, the Knick offense was continuously guilty of turnovers last night.
They just belong to the wrong unions.
Blacks live in neighborhoods mostly to the south of the city and whites lives mostly to the north.
Clearly, the Western banks that have lent so heavily to Brazil have a stake in this outcome, too.
tournament, even if it meant losing games.
Our neighborhood centers are open throughout the year - six days a week during the winter months and seven days during the heavy, leisure- time summer months - so children, teen-agers and families will always have a place nearby to have fun, to learn, to make friends, to compete in a healthy environment and to talk out their problems.
More important, all fighters must present their passbooks to association representatives before a bout.
Everybody wants to beat Goliath.''
''I have no idea what young Chileans think about politics or what is their outlook on life.
Mr. Flynt said he bought the tape from a Government agent, purportedly in the F.B.I.
''We are getting calls from all over the United States from people with sons in Camp Lejeune,'' said Jackie W. Powell, the station director here.
PHOTOGRAPHED AT PEPPERDINE UNIVERSITY IN MALIBU, CALIF.
I'm not sure if everyone appreciated the Russians' control.''
Two Defensive Teams Byrne and Roberts will be the main strikers Saturday.
Apparently, Michaels's coaches appreciated the freedom he gave them.
''I knew all the time it had not been destroyed by the war,'' he said.
The next surprise was the heavy use of county golf courses.
The strength in those economic indicators would make a Fed easing even less likely, they said.
He is survived by his wife, the former Marjorie Papier; a daughter, Susan Levy, and a son, Philip Levy, both of Ewing Township, N.J.; a sister, Estelle Owen of East Orange, N.J.; two brothers, Dr. Irvin Levy of Ewing Township and Edgar Levy of Naples, Fla., and four grandchildren.
Some of them were construction workers probably drawn from the Youth Labor Army, a component of the armed forces that numbers 100,000 men.
In unrelated incidents, two Eastern Airlines jets developed problems on takeoff yesterday, but no one was hurt.
Three different kinds of sights also invite the attention of Miami visitors: Fairchild Tropical Garden, an 83-acre refuge with simulated tropical rain forest and several man-made lakes; Vizcaya, a palatial Italian Renaissance villa complete with period furniture and sculpture and 10 acres of formal gardens; and Parrot Jungle, where Miamians eat breakfast and watch colorful parrots and macaws through the plate glass.
John D. Driggs, chairman of the board of Second Harvest, is a member of Mr. Reagan's Task Force on Food Assistance, the advisory panel investigating hunger in America.
A wrong guess can mean lost money for the investor and, possibly, a lost client for the broker.
SAMUEL M. KOENIGSBERG, Upper Montclair, N.J., March 9, 1983
The Ariane rocket is being developed by France with some help from several other European countries.
The Arrows have made a deal to trade Zungul, the M.I.S.L.
Cook, stirring, about 5 minutes.
Oil the gun, pull out the cookbook, lay in the wine - or get on the phone and inspire others to do it all for you.
Mr. Cuomo said it was of the ''upmost significance'' that Rabbi Levin had not yet read his order.
Good strong hands indicate real energy to me.''
They intervened for the third successive day in world currency markets with coordinated sales of dollars and purchases of other major currencies.
The only fee is $2 - for parking - and there are walking trails, picnic areas and lean-tos for cooking and camping.
Critics of this festival, which had anti-American overtones, charge that the Americans were borne to Paris on ideological wings as well as on the wings of the Concorde, all expenses paid; the meeting confirmed the conservatives in their opinion that the American literary establishment suffers from a leftward bent.
American Bell, because of its large size and the backing of its giant parent, will be a potent market force.
(Farrar, Straus & Giroux, $22.50.)
''I'll tell you,'' he said, looking down at the Knicks, who were huddled for a timeout, ''you enjoy the ordeal of coaching only if you win.
Mr. Gallo also said the Chadian war was primarily an African affair and that therefore the Organization of African Unity could play a role in trying to end it.
ONE day last August, when the weather was perfect for golf or the beach, six teachers from the Tarrytown school district sat hunched over computers in the business office of Sleepy Hollow High School.
The significance of the trend, however, may depend on the future direction of technology.
Both are metaphors for femaleness and like the artist's crockery, still-lifes look untouched (and untouchable) by human hand.
Mr. Green's district on the East Side of Manhattan has the smallest number of persons per household (1.8).
The mark of 544 in 11 games was set by Texas-El Paso in 1973, an average of 49.5 points a game.
He said, ''I can see it now: it's going to get more political in the next two years than it's ever been.''
An alumna of the Brearley School in New York and Smith College, she did graduate work at the Cornell University School of Business and Public Administration.
Another performance is scheduled for May 10 at 1:30 P.M.
''That pledge will be kept,'' he said last week before the Ossining uprising.
Another bright note was Darryl Strawberry's first double as a major leaguer - he got a single on Sunday -and his second run scored, which gave the Mets their fourth run, in the top of the fifth.
This year, the senior gift attracted $22,000 in gifts or pledges, with 57 percent of the 1,600 seniors participating.
He told the Sunday newspaper Le Journal de Dimanche that the assertions were an absolute deception.
Gen. Daniel O. Graham of the Army, retired, who heads High Frontiers.
The Ariane, a three-stage expendable rocket, was developed under the leadership of France.
And, he continues, ''I have never finished a picture without experiencing a huge emptying of all factual and topographical knowledge.''
Nothing for Granted THE GILDED CAGE.
I cut President Kennedy's hair when he stayed here.
Connecticut's original charter from Charles II stretched from Narragansett Bay to the Pacific, and apparently the state still hasn't adjusted to its present confines.
Mr. Ruben occupies a position of little policy-making significance.
Most of her workouts are done in Central Park.
He is survived by two daughters and a son.
How long would it be before the exterminator, obviously nobody's fool, saw through his feeble excuses?
It was the 13th consecutive monthly gain for the gauge, the Index of Leading Economic Indicators, which is a compilation of data covering manufacturing, employment, prices and other areas.
But the Democrats are heavily involved, providing money and volunteers to help Mr. Mastin and Mr. Serotkin press their argument that elected officials should be judged on the entire record and not a single vote.
First recorded use was in 1529, in the state papers of Henry VIII, when King Henry said of one of his wives that he wished she ''wold herafter resile and goo back from that.''
He said today that he did not expect the diplomatic dispute to disturb the rehearsals.
That is when he was told of the injury to Lindbergh and that he should start packing.
At 141 were Jan Stephenson, Vickie Fergon and Therese Hession.
My parents were innocent, and when this book is successfully refuted, even more Americans will believe that.
Mr. Johnston denied the charges.
A fireworks display would follow, but these fans were comforted by the knowledge that this time the rockets' red glare would be a reaffirmation of victory and not merely a noisy diversion from still another disappointing season.
Some critics said her efforts to maintain power in the district hade exacerbated the problems.
Ironically, double-digit inflation during the pre-Reagan era is exactly what caused the demise of ailing businesses and allowed the competitively priced foreign imports to take hold here.
Or is it a veiled attempt to get prayer into the public schools?
Capitol police investigated and found the pile of rubble.
15THE PARSIFAL MOSAIC, by Robert Ludlum.
''And the energy often seems to consume things so fast as to render art ephemeral.''
In the end, all a company had to say on its application was that it was doing some renovation or expansion that added five jobs -even five executive jobs - and it qualified for an award.
The Xerox Corporation of Stamford is one company that acknowledges the value of using outside consultants in place of a large staff for some projects.
To the extent that very little by way of scientific demonstration follows formal procedures, it is pretty much common sense.
But, puffing on a huge cigar, which is Mr. Segal's ever- present prop, Grafton is not satisfied.
The babies all died within hours.
The judge said he would set a trial date for the former automobile maker at a hearing Nov. 8.
Booming Factories in 1950's The concern with simple survival has not been a dominant theme in Middle Western life since the Depression seared the minds of a generation of people, many now living in retirement elsewhere in the country.
At other schools, such as Vassar College in Poughkeepsie, N.Y., proposed new curriculums have been rejected because of faculty opposition.
''We have a saying that we 'offer salt to our enemy,' '' Mr. Yamamoto said.
In another unusual move, Mr. Perez de Cuellar called in the chief United Nations delegates of both the United States and the Soviet Union, Jeane J. Kirkpatrick and Oleg A. Troyanovsky, to deliver the statement to them.
This year started promisingly, many at the forum reported, but flagged in spring and summer and started to pick up again only in September.
's cheer, did the Secretary fail to appreciate that the most radical elements could reasonably expect to dominate a multistate gathering?Not even the alarm of Egypt's President Anwar al-Sadat, who responded by rushing - alone -to Jerusalem, resolved Mr. Vance's wonder.
A record deficit was reported by the New York State Comptroller, Edward V. Regan.
But it went well, and I began to work more and more with Harnoncourt, mostly of course in the long Telefunken Bach cantata cycle which is still going on.''
''I'm not a candidate,'' he said.
Now, said the publisher, formerly of Venture magazine, it is at 100,000, and he predicted a level of 125,000 by January and 250,000 by 1986.
Another series opener in another town where Billy Martin has managed looms for the Yankees.
The generally acknowledged leader in snow-making is the Killington Ski Area in Sherburne, Vt., which installed snow-making equipment in 1963.
In a space of this size, it makes little sense to place a refrigerator or stove to create an axis.
Things I used to have, I didn't have any more and I wouldn't notice it until much later.
She translated - explained - excused us to each other.''
But when task force members asked if he would favor changing the state law to allow emergency room physicians to take blood samples for the sole purpose of doing an alcohol content test, Dr. Dodds hesitated.
Schwartz, Karyn S., Valhalla H.S.
At day's end, all the participants were singing the praises of Project Adventure and its unique and refreshing approach to physical education.
The antitrust principle at issue is known as the ''intra-enterprise conspiracy doctrine.''
WASHINGTON SOVIET and American negotiators are returning to the Geneva arms talks on Thursday after a remarkable week of polemics and posturing that tended to obscure the possibility that Washington and Moscow may yet reach agreements on nuclear weapons in Europe.
In 1961, Mr. Antoine won an Emmy Award as the best local television personality.
This is exactly what the Post Summer Theater is after as it opens a two-week run of ''Operetta'' by Witold Gombrowicz on Wednesday.
The fall catalogues that the hundreds of publishers have on display at the 83d annual convention of the American Booksellers Association here describe books to suit an endless variety of literary, commercial and nonfiction tastes.
Williams brought the Knicks to 1 point, 99-98, with 59 seconds remaining after he stole the ball from Henderson and scored on a layup.
Philip Carteret of New Jersey over who was the ''true governor'' of New Jersey.
The most dramatic expressions of syncretism today are the macumba initiation rites of the filhos and filhas de santo , the sons and daughters of a saint, which include a period of solitary confinement, as well as imbibing herbal brews, shaving the head, making incisions in the scalp, painting white spots on the body and immersion in the blood of sacrificed animals intended to produce a state that Pierre Verger, the leading scholar on candomble, calls ''stupefaction and suggestibility.''
Railroads Blocked The Southern Pacific Railroad's coastal route was blocked when 50 feet of track was covered with four to five inches of mud about 70 miles northwest of Los Angeles.
Soltam, the Israeli company founded by Mr. Zabludowicz, now manufactures the Tampella-type mortar, while Salgad, another company owned by the Zabludowiczes, and its affiliates market them.
He had decided not to play in a tournament in Hawaii, but was later convinced by friends to try to qualify.
In New York, rates declined by a slightly greater amount than the average for all five markets.
Because of the expected decline in Latin tourism, many retailers in downtown Miami are girding for what may be a slow summer season.
The 43-year-old father is totally disabled as a result of an injury long ago as a Mississippi farmworker.
Most people used to view mobile homes as they did cars, and, in fact, most states still treat them as personal property subject to sales taxes and even vehicular tagging rather than real estate taxes.
President Gemayel also sent a message to President Reagan saying he was ''deeply grieved by the criminal act perpetrated against'' the American Embassy.
The dollar was mixed in foreign currency trading, while gold prices fell $2.50 an ounce in New York, to $411.
Of course, we know what is going to happen.
Although all colors are now considered equal in the official standards of the breed, Mrs. Staak believes there is a residual prejudice on the part of many judges against such blacks as Chris.
In the specially-constructed ring, Martin, dressed in a black tie and tuxedo instead of his customary sports coat and slacks, will do his chanting, after Carl Becker, the announcer, has spent a minute discussing the pedigree of each yearling.
As part of our participation in this project, we will send a team of five (including a college administrator and one from the secondary level) to a working conference in Philadelphia in October on the nature and importance of collaborative activities in strengthening the humanities.
Once alcohol is in your blood, there is no way, short of kidney dialysis, to enhance its metabolic breakdown.
Members of the current generation are a nervous lot, unsure of their former values and not altogether sure of their jobs, so they cling anxiously to the outward marks of status.
But Ray Mancini was not as good.
The Dodgers went ahead to stay in the third.
Mr. Sebastian's songs for the Lovin' Spoonful group included such as ''Daydream,'' ''Summer in the City'' and ''Do You Believe in Magic.''
The number of skiers coming to Aspen has not increased since 1976.
Devil's Bag, who is bidding to become the first 2-year-old since Secretariat in 1972 to be named horse of the year, has won all five of his starts, including the Cowdin, the Champagne and the Laurel Futurity.
The problem facing the lawmakers was summed up by Senator Andrews when he asked, ''How do we adapt to a period of change, while carrying on the great traditions of the past?''
To provide help for the new fighting, Hanoi established a special task force, code named Group 559, which set up infiltration routes and moved ''people, weapons and supplies'' through Laos into South Vietnam.
At some unknown stage, however, Tripitaka's story entered the world of popular storytelling, accumulating legendary material in profusion.
However, Gerald W. Jones, chief of the voting section of the Justice Department, said that officials believe it was typed in mid-July.
In the 20 years since Mr. Kennedy's death, the debunking of his myth has been a cottage industry.
But it takes on power whenever it narrows in upon private lives - particularly that of the astonishingly sturdy Mrs. Melmore.
The regulators added that ''it is appropriate to recognize the risks and the diminished quality of the assets represented by these loans.''
Her father is an English teacher and her mother an art teacher at the Pine Bush, N.Y., High School.
Le Dome, on the Sunset Strip, is all magenta and avocado with dusty rose tablecloths.
Thus, on Feb. 6, NBC will present, in addition to the Steve Martin special, a film starring Gary Coleman called ''The Kid with the 200 I.Q.''
Helped by a loyal son, Paw Paw has settled the first case with a $500 profit.
His closest competitor, Senator John H. Glenn of Ohio, the former astronaut, is considered to be a serious threat to win the prize of the party's nomination.
''I didn't think we should go.
When Regal Taheka, the most formidable challenger on paper, scratched out of the Level Best because her trainer did not want to concede 7 pounds to the favorite, Captivating Grace was 2-to-5 to make it four in a row.
''There will be no adjustment,'' he said.
''Yeah, we'll go along,'' said William C. Knowles, president and chief executive officer of the National Westminster Bank, USA, which has loaned Brazil about $150 million.
Charles S. Fleet, vice president of Belco, declined comment ''as a matter of policy.''
As home sales bounce back, remodeling can't be far behind.
Syria stepped up its personal attacks on Yasir Arafat today, describing the Palestine Liberation Organization chairman as a ''defeatist'' who had ''chosen the path of the wilderness.''
Morrow, according to team officials, skated at the club's workout yesterday at Cantiague Park in Hicksville, L.I.
This was their first loss after two consecutive victories at home over the Rangers and the Flyers.
Mr. Stewart of the bank said he figured construction costs of a comparable building would be closer to $250 a square foot.
In February 1979 these hard-liners threatened to throw him out of the P.L.O.
1:30 P.M., East Room, the White House.
They range from simple sheets of pegboard with little plastic hooks to more elaborate ones made from wood, Plexiglas, wrought iron or plastic.
The scoring, for piano, flute, clarinet, viola and harp, permitted the music's percussive, metallic gestures to shift quickly into warmer, sweeter sounds.
The show, which will be held at the Kean College Gymnasium in Union, N.J., from 11 A.M. to 8 P.M. tomorrow, is devoted to paddlepowered boats and is sponsored by both the college and the New York-New Jersey River Conference, an organization of canoe clubs from the two states concerned with promoting the sport and stream cleanup and conservation.
After several years of achieving hard-earned reforms that have brought much abuse of illegal racing medication under control, they are beginning to suspect that Lasix, a drug which has been sanctioned for widespread use to control bleeding, is among the most potent and volatile of all.
The department had been reported to be investigating whether Mr. Schumer, a former New York Assemblyman, had unlawfully used Assembly aides to work on his campaign.
The stiff competition has led to such new marketing strategies as the use of a Chaplinesque figure to advertise International Business Machines' small computer, the entertainer Bill Cosby chummily extolling the virtues of Texas Instruments computers, a new emphasis on training users to get the most out of complex equipment.
He has turned sullen and is cutting school, which has a black principal.
Ten minutes later, they scored again on a 10-yard pass from Danny White to Timmy Newsome.
For the past few years the residents of Guilford, Conn., have been turning the town's old cans, glass and newspapers into acres of recreational land.
The Astros chased him in the sixth with three runs on five hits.
"We do penances to unite ourselves to the passion of Christ," she explains.
The 33-year-old Mr. Abdallah was trying to do that, keeping the cigarette store he owned on upper Broadway open seven days a week from 6 A.M. to midnight.
Those with garbage in large containers would get a decal showing city collectors that the fee had been paid.
To do that, however, the package had to be easily recognized as tamper-resistant.
But its circulation, 240,000 a decade ago, is down to 150,000, and its advertising linage is slumping.
Five Founding Members OPEC was founded in 1960 by Venezuela, Iran and three Arab nations - Saudi Arabia, Iraq and Kuwait - all of which had become frustrated by the pricing and production policies of the Western oil companies that had control of their resources.
history to score 1,000 or more points, as he led the Philadelphia victory.
Each bore the name of the town where it began and was led by its own ''rebbe,'' or chief rabbi, who would serve as the final arbiter of belief and behavior.
There is also ballroom-style dancing on the outside terrace.
''I miss him and Una Loy a great deal now,'' Dr. DeVries said.
It is indeed easy to postulate such negative scenarios, and through the centuries the world would have made little progress if creative thinkers had heeded such counsel.
While the money in the compromise version passed today is far below that in the original bill passed by the House, it still increases authority for housing programs by about $2 billion.
For all who have what Dr. Daniel Ziegler calls ''pink slip paranoia,'' the Conference Board study is encouraging to read.
About 50 agents were added last year, bringing the force to about 180.
From Glashutten, the route continues over the Grosser Feldberg (881 meters/ 2,890 feet), the highest mountain in the Taunus, to Saalburg where, after five to six hours of hiking from Glashutten, the Roman fort may provide you with a latterday haven.
He is established as one of the finest heavyweight champions and has defeated the best of his generation in his nearly five years as champion, the longest uninterrupted reign since Joe Louis.
Credit cards rates can be 20 percent or more.
If the cream cheese in the watercress sandwiches was from New York instead of Philadelphia, if the butter in the pastries or the dill butter and cucumber sandwiches were local instead of from Land O' Lakes, it was kept a secret.
Environmental groups expressed disappointment in the agency's report today, saying it had understated the magnitude of the problem of improperly tested pesticides.
And on request the other day, he reviewed all of his career stops, pausing to evaluate what the contribution of each had been to the making of a president.
asked a blue-raincoated officer, also Pentagon-bound.
Magnitude of Changes Feared The report, entitled ''Changing Climate,'' sought to forecast some of the economic and social effects of the greenhouse phenomenon.
''It seems like stardom's coming earlier now, with the younger roles for these guys,'' says Paul Brickman, who directed ''Risky Business.''
''I was excited for our team and our organization,'' McVie said, in explaining why he ran onto the ice. ''
He was 67 years old.
''El Sexo de los Pobres'' is pulqueria, the most successful genre of movies made here.
I have used this mandoline to make one of my favorite summertime dishes, zucchini with pesto over pasta.
Ken Griffey, with two out in the bottom of the ninth, lashed Zahn's 0-1 pitch to right field for a two-run single to give the Yankees a 2-1 victory yesterday in front of 50,896.
''No one knew my last name.''
He was born in a suburb of Breslau, now the Polish city of Wroclaw, but grew up after the war in the Soviet occupation zone, which became the German Democratic Republic in 1949, and did all his theological studies there.
The great charm of this delightful installation lies not only in the calligraphy but also in the explicit designs that tell what is being sold, such as the wooden wig and head for a wig maker, the two radishes indicating a greengrocer, the colored palette for a paint shop and the bucket tops for a trader in pails.
American once had 15 757's on order, but canceled the $600 million deal because it lacked money to pay for the jets.
And that thought came to mind recently when a reader wrote to request a several-year-old recipe for veal meatballs flavored with tarragon.
David Taylor, a British spy, was confined after his capture in 1777 and from which he was led to his execution; the Ten Eyck house, built in 1780 by Dr. Richard Ten Eyck for his bride, Janet Baker of New Jersey, with a bull's-eye in the dining-room door to keep out evil spirits and a gunhole in the shutters on the stone porch to shoot at marauding Indians, and the Jonathan Elmendorf house, built between 1783 and 1790, with hand-hewn beams and wide ceiling boards.
But all the factions see the commission report and its political reception as a turning point for the Administration's arms buildup and arms control posture.
We do have common objectives in Central America - to stop the export of revolution in Nicaragua to El Salvador.
Mr. Reagan was also quoted as saying that if El Salvador fell to the guerrillas, other nations in the region would be threatened.
But it is worth reading for the episodes that shine through, such as Moscow on the night of Stalin's death and Mr. Salisbury's ingenious system for finessing the Soviet censorship.
In Zurich gold closed at $390, up $13.75.
''There is a lot of gluttony in the commercial theater,'' Mr.
The only difference for the holder of a monthly pass is that the ticket he carries can be used repeatedly in a turnstile.
Committee Raises $7,000 The committee, which has 10 members, has raised almost $7,000 to bring the students to Michigan State Jan. 5-8.
A repeating bass riff, a chord or two and an insistent rhythm allow a soloist to play for as long as an inspiration lasts.
But it was possible, and Interfirst's two senior officers came here to explain their case.
One aid official said there was ''very heavy'' fighting Wednesday at Phnom Chat, a hilltop guerrilla camp 25 miles northeast of the Thai city of Aranyaprathet.
This index is widely used in calculating cost-of- living increases in collective bargaining contracts and Government benefit programs.
However, some modifications will be made to accommodate the recommendations of bus riders, officials said.
Mr. Arens's remarks seemed to suggest a less categorical policy.
He said that after his departure Italian authorities inquired into the possibility of lifting his judicial immunity, and Bulgaria reassigned him to duties at the ministry.
Oh no its a rat!
Especially after all those pitches for all those years.
''Once we decided not to run the film in May,'' he says, ''we wanted to run it at a time when people were thinking about television and interested in watching television.
Mr. Kingsley can weep, screech, cackle, squawk, foam, then sound as straightforward and reasonable as Iago in ''Othello'' - and all within the space of a few sentences.
Mr. Kahl remains a fugitive, but four of the other defendants are in custody.
The rectory command post was being used to direct officers assigned to the cathedral to handle any crowds that might gather.
He said the companies and union are partially responsible for their predicament, maintaining that the industry modernized too late and the steelworkers demanded too much.
Angels 8, Orioles 5 BALTIMORE (AP) - Brian Downing hit a two-run homer and Bobby Clark hit a three-run homer during the fifth inning as California snapped a five-game losing streak and the Orioles' six-game winning streak.
This terrifying scenario and its attendant human suffering are not abstractions to me.
Mr. Eagleton's expositions render even the most jargon-ridden of contemporary theories accessible to the ordinary educated person, and the questions posed by ''Literary Theory'' will have to be answered, either by the theoreticians themselves or by those who validate them by accepting their authority.
It said the shares had been acquired for investment.
It is a cynical obstruction.
Here is a look at Ridgewood and Belmont and their residents.
Second are industries hobbled by foreign competition, such as steel and automobiles.
Those by Mr. Venturi, Mr. Rossi and Mr. Tusquets are more conducive to industrial production, but they are exceptions.
Mr. Hooker and his brother founded a fast-food franchising company, Minnie Pearl Chicken Systems Inc., which was very successful for several years and then collapsed in 1970, leaving many franchise holders and investors unhappy with Mr. Hooker.
Premiere Night Nov. 9 - With spotlights and movie stars, Bob Fosse's newest film, ''Star 80,'' will have its premiere for the benefit of the Postgraduate Center for Mental Health, which provides more than 125,000 therapy sessions per year for adults and children, including a special service for those in the entertainment business.
Then, after the words ''and was made man,'' those patterns descend from their positions on the staff and become incarnate in the music's foundation, its continuo line.
Sherry Lansing, the head of production at Fox, resigned last December, partly because many of the movies she wanted to make were blocked by Mr. Levy.
He said Hines buildings were designed to withstand winds of up to 200 miles an hour.
''My term ends next Wednesday,'' said Mayor Frank Proctor of Venice, who rode in the lead carriage with the tiger trainer Charly Baumann.
The rest of the 40,000 objects have been placed in display cases in adjacent galleries so that experts can have access to the entire collection and incipient archaeologists can test themselves on the mountain of shards that may offer clues to various aspects of ancient Egypt.
Mr. Miller said Continental would clearly qualify even under the more stringent test.
Family of Five Rescued In Newark and Elizabeth, N.J., emergency crews in rowboats checked stalled cars for occupants.
Six yearlings bought for $3,335,000 by Dolly Green will be turned over to the trainer Laz Barrera.
He said, 'Of course not.'
Dave Righetti, who last year at this time was banished to the minors because of his disappointing efforts, pitched the Yankees' first no-hitter in 27 years in a 4-0 victory over the Boston Red Sox at the Stadium yesterday.
''These games are important, but if you're going to miss games, this is the time of year you want to miss them.''
Howard Gilman, 58, continues as chairman and chief executive.
On the other side, the Communist Party has put out posters calling for ''a union against the right.''
Everything seemed upbeat and positive.''
To the Business Editor: I find the article on ''Jews in the Corporate Establishment'' most disturbing, in particular the tasteless anecdote related by Laurence Tisch equating Judaism with a hunchback's hump.
Gloom Among the Knitters But Tuesday, a Federal appeals court reinstated it, ruling that Mr. Donovan had failed to justify his decision.
''Yes, and they're all in the second act,'' he replied.
Duhe, the left inside linebacker, as one of the primary problems for Richard Todd, the Jets' quarterback, in reading the Dolphin defense.
Both teams surpassed the previous league mark for most points by a single team, the 173 scored in regulation time by Boston in a game against Minneapolis Feb. 27, 1959.
Mrs. Schafer said her agency will decide soon whether to remove the liquid waste from the landfill for treatment and whether to clean up the land and streams and lake.
case, and was defeated in the June 1974 Republican primary by State Controller Houston I. Flournoy, who lost to Edmund G. Brown Jr. in the November election.
You will receive a confirmation of your complaint and the owner will receive a notice.
said, ''The saving of money on individual buys and the possibility that the money saved could buy a greater quantity of needed items in the future is something viewed as a relatively distant and uncertain benefit.
Not until after the Senate Budget Committee voted late on Thursday did Mr. Reagan authorize Mr. Baker, Mr. Darman and Mr. Duberstein to try to salvage a deal at something under his target figure.
No matter how good your television reception, the paintings will come through slightly distorted in color and texture.
The book received generally favorable notices when it appeared in 1979.
the man shouts, leaping into the street.
The increases are designed to prevent staff or program cuts that would otherwise be required because of spending limitations set by the Governor and the Legislature.
Among the investors, for example, is Goldcrest, the British company that helped finance ''Chariots of Fire'' and ''Gandhi.''
Bandages still cover much of his scarred body.
It went crazy since the middle of the last year with the bull market.
Most of the problems are money-related, but as the fiscal storm clouds descend, some of the shadows inevitably fall over the Mayor herself.
A hotel room in London that cost 40 in March would have set you back $58.
There are the forceps and medicine bag that Mr. Stewart said belonged to Daisy Jones, the first black nurse on the Colorado frontier.
Not that the mighty Procter declines to give the full 15 percent media commission (as some big spenders do) but rather it insists on so much additional work.
Hence, ''Peace is at hand.''
Indeed, Baskin & Robbins has set up an ice cream shop aboard a Navy submarine support vessel based in Norfolk, Va. ''We are running out of choice real estate for fast-food restaurants,'' said Michael Culp, an analyst with Prudential-Bache.
The computer user could make unlimited copies, but they would only work on the machine that bears the same serial number.
'An Evening Out' ''Mostly, when I attend the games,'' Holzman says, ''it's an evening out with Selma, but it's hard to keep the wheels from not churning.''
Not much, unless politicians and labor leaders make a stand against the conductors' irrational demands.
As Mr. Neimeyer says: ''I like prime ribs when they lap over the plate.
But John Anderson, the Green Bay linebacker, thought the penalty was justified.
And the message the commercials give is: If you have a problem, take a pill.''
Lorna Laccone is a good example of someone's being decked out for a workout.
COST A weeday ticket is $16, weekends and holiday weeks $19.
The document does not specify how or why Mr. Wondra was approached in the first place.
And all of them are simultaneously sympathetic and deplorable.
Iran Wants Drop for Iraq Iran also wants a lower production quota for Iraq, with which it is fighting a bitter war.
A pair of freshmen tailbacks were keys to the turnaround - Dalton Hilliard and Garry James.
Michaels, who watches baseball before he gets out of bed in the morning, before he goes to sleep at night and much of the time in between, doesn't begrudge the expense.
As recently as this week, Sandinista officials declared they would never negotiate with the rebel leadership.
Hernandez was removed after Chris Chambliss followed Horner's homer with a triple to right-center, and Glenn Hubbard greeted Ron Reed with a single to score Chambliss.
The original family also added two wings during the Renaissance and started working on the huge park.
The Sanitation Department, with almost 1,000 salt spreaders and snowplows, had major arteries cleared by late morning at an overtime cost of $150,000.
Hours: Sundays, 2 to 4 P.M.
It is suspected that such phenomena as novas (stellar flareups) and cataclysmic brightness changes occur in twostar systems when material from one star - or the entire star - falls into its companion.
''I remember once going to Miami and seeing the Cuban bourgeoisie there.
No doubt Mr. Andropov had some infirmities, but they were under control and his intellectual capacity and command of the facts were impressive.
Virginia, rebounding from its 64-63 setback last Thursday at North Carolina, clinched its fourth consecutive 20-victory season.
Ten minutes earlier Miss Gruber had called home to say she was nearly finished with her work.
In the new year, if one more waiter greets me with, ''Hi, I'm Leopold, and I'm going to serve this evening,'' I hereby resolve to leave the restaurant and eat somewhere else.
The Broncos' ascension to the playoffs has several ironic twists that involve the Colts.
''I saw the foot for the first time in 21 years,'' she said, with a laugh that seemed to condense a whole range of emotions into something like a fugue.
In any event, reshaping the agencies is likely to be a lengthy task.
Charles Matison, a Caesars attorney, told the commission that the violations were less serious than charged because the money was collected and the state got its share through taxes.
Organized jointly by the Southwest and Midwest Voter Registration Education Projects, the effort to increase Hispanic-American registration to 4.4 million from the 3.4 million of 1980 is putatively nonpartisan.
If Michael is back on Thursday, I'm sure they'll come at us a lot more than that.''
Illinois, $90 million, rated Aaa/Aa.
Everyone's been very happy - so far.''
His latest prediction is that the Dow in 1983 could drop as low as 450.
''I was scared to send him at first.
None of the defendants testified.
In addition, many banks and savings institutions are charging fees for the Super NOW's to cover the high costs of processing checks.
Yaphet Kotto, as a police detective whose activities overlap with Judge Hardin's, and Sharon Gless, as the judge's devoted and wisecracking wife, are also shown off to good advantage.
For example, test scores of the 4-year-olds in 1981-82 rose so quickly that last fall when the children entered kindergarten their average scores were almost as high as the average scores of youngsters who were doing too well to qualify for the early classes.
President Gemayel sat at the head of the table with President Aubert.
Pieces of chicken breast are dipped into a batter and deep-fried, then served with a thickened lemon-flavored sauce poured over them.
In the fifties, the influence of the army was all-pervasive, in a manner which is not at all true today.
Intriguingly, it is not broken when Ronald Perry, sailing astoundingly upward, leaps in with John Gardner and Gregory Osborne.
They have to do that in time for the beginning of the summer session the first week in July.
Col. Miguel Alfredo Vasconcelos said his men and two of the Americantrained battalions were in the southern part of the province.
When the Oakland Raiders accepted an invitation four years ago to move to the Los Angeles Memorial Coliseum, the local officials who had negotiated the deal were treated as civic heroes.
A review of the city's Medical Assistance Program was announced yesterday by city officials, three weeks after Mayor Koch reinstated a city employee who had been dismissed for reporting improper practices in the program.
The place closes only on Sundays, he said.
Most people having their picture taken fail to realize that they are leaving their posterity evidence of how foolishly wrong they were about nature's intentions.
also established a team of scientific auditors, which according to Dr. Ernest Brisson, head of the bioresearch monitoring program, is now about 100 strong.
Antiaircraft guns have also been spotted in western Cambodia in recent weeks.
On Dec. 19, according to the official press agency, a 34-year-old man identified as ''Adam K.'' was ''caught red-handed while printing illegal materials'' in the actor's summer cottage.
By comparison, the Donaghue's Money Fund Report index of money market accounts, which compete directly with the accounts offered by the banks, stood at 7.80 percent last week.
Opinion of the millionaire hillbilly has fluctuated since 1953.
For street after street, buildings are either abandoned or have been reduced to rubble.
''We don't have to be as big or as powerful as they are,'' countered Mr. Joseph.
Thirty-five percent of the 1,540 adults queried in mid-May said they would be ''less likely'' to support a candidate backed by the unions.
Meats Higher Cattle prices were sharply higher, and live hogs and frozen pork bellies were mostly higher on the Chicago Mercantile Exchange.
''The Evidence of Man II,'' a series of works in clay by Mark Forman now on view at the Newark Museum, is a good example of the kind of thing that defies definition.
Mr. Cuomo said the Reagan Administration's spending policies on education had cost New York State more than $50 million.
Simkins, Helen B., Mountain Lakes H.S.
The financial aid forms are printed and processed by the Scholarship Service for a fee of $6.50 for the first report and $4.50 for each additional one.
But the success of Miss Ronstadt's recent record album, and subsequent plans to tour and record on her own, prompted her to withdraw from the project, at least for 1984.
One of its specialties is trade finance.
The Hudson Guild Theater will present the United States premiere April 6 of ''Sus,'' a drama by the British playwright Barrie Keeffe about the interrogation of a suspect
In some instances, the work force had been dismissed without the introduction of new machinery.
When the indictment in this case was handed up in 1980, it included 59 people and corporations in the trash business, including three convicted racketeers who had previously been identified in various criminal trials as members of organized crime.
Under terms reached between the Conservancy and the building's owners, the Builtland Partnership, in which Paul and Seymour Milstein are principals, a ''reasonable approximation'' of the Palm Court, part of the hotel lobby and the East 43d Street entrance were to be re-created.
Mr. Perry, in turn, is under investigation for possible perjury to a House subcommittee.
Friends had brought their own cameras, and besides, these pictures would always remain in his mind's eye.
The magazine's publisher, Henri Nannen, said in an interview published today that he was ''certain'' the notebooks ''did not come from right radical circles,'' a reference to old Nazis, neo-Nazis or Nazi sympathizers.
But Malone canceled his appearance.
This shift has been at the expense of the Dublin-backed Social Democratic and Labor Party, which is also seeking unification but opposes the I.R.A.
---- U.S. to Provide Satellite Photos WASHINGTON, April 4 (Reuters) -The United States is planning to provide Persian Gulf states with satellite pictures that could show the extent and direction of the oil slick, the State Department said today.
Just as the uprising at Attica, which left 44 dead, became a symbol of degrading prison conditions a decade ago, so last week's siege was already being viewed by penologists as the result of current - but different - problems in prisons across the country.
The Secret Service in Washington said the agents were part of the detail assigned to protect the Queen and Prince Philip, who were spending the weekend at Yosemite National Park, but added the accident ''did not involve the Queen or her motorcade at all.''
Tonight, we're not going to dwell on Social Security.
Who are these guys, appointees never confirmed by the Senate, to usurp the power to make such a far-reaching decision?
The Cookery is well known for its live jazz inside.
This attitude, he added, is often supported by small investors' tendency to buy stock in round lots of 100 shares.
A 63-year-old Long Island man who was stripped of his United States citizenship because he commanded a Nazi concentration camp during World War II has been ordered deported by a judge for the Immigration and Naturalization Service.
That provision, the district court said, violated Monsanto's ''fundamental right to exclude'' others from using its property.
Obviously, the kids from ''Fame'' have connected solidly with their British fans.
Vasquez found himself stuck between commitments to both horses, and neither trainer would release him to ride the other.
According to Jonathan Bourne, Sotheby's French furniture specialist in London, the owners of the desk had no idea of its importance and were stunned when he told them that it had probably been made for Louis XVI's study in Versailles.
''The majors are spending too much in the theatrical arena and hoping to get it back in cable.
This year, some unusual items with less-than-high price tags can be found around town.
Chill until serving time, stirring to blend just before serving.
You enter Sun Valley (population, 545) one mile after driving through the town of Ketchum, dnown largely as the place where Ernest Hemingway lived (when not off on international adventures) and diet.A few miles earlier is Hailey, the home of the modest airport that serves the area and where many vacationers fly in on one of Transwestern Airlines' four dialy flights of one hour and 10 minutes from Salt Lake City.
Mayor Koch said a time limit should ultimately be placed on environmental studies.
''How well we've used it in the past I'd be a little embarrassed to admit.''
But France and West Germany have already established ministries of technology and research.
''These people are, after all, in the manufacturing business,'' Mr. Llewellyn said.
His colleague, Mr. Marchetti, who was not present, is a composer and conductor.
Steve Kemp hit his second of the season, and Butch Wynegar his first in the victory Thursday night.
You claim that ''had it not been for the Administration's studied misreading of the law, the trip to the Supreme Court would not have been necessary in the first place.''
Before the year is out, the Fund will have run dry of uncommitted money - unless the members approve and pay in quota increases.
Both of these paths lead to a common goal: preventing conflict, reducing the risk of war and safeguarding the peace.
Two years ago this month, the talk in Athens, Ga., was that Herschel Walker might win three Heismans.
Someone once said, 'Don't pity the nation that has no heroes, pity the nation that needs them.'
* Add butter, one tablespoon at a time, whisking until all the butter is incorporated.
But what is smart advertising to Leonia is more on the order of kidnapping to its neighbors.
''That's what he loves,'' said Mrs. Puttmann, nodding at one of their big green tractors.
Such tapes also shed oxide particles, clogging the recorder's mechanism and making a metallic grinding compound that aggravates the abrasion of the heads.
The Brotherhood of Locomotive Engineers, based in Cleveland, had threatened to walk off the job at midnight.
Choreographically, Mr. Cunningham favors plotless works.
Governor Kean's name is not on the ballot this year, but he has become the dominant figure in the current campaign for control of the New Jersey Legislature.
''They worried about the whole family living through them, vicariously.''
Only two weeks ago, however, transit officials showed the first of 325 new subway cars from Japan, the first visible fruit of Mr. Ravitch's five-year transit program.
Garden City Village Administrator Robert L. Schoelle said that final approval for the project will come within a month.
Japan is peaceful, he said, adding that football is just a game and has no relation to the way of thinking of the Japanese people.
He explained that gulls at a nearby horse track sometimes leave their infield pond during races and flock to Midway ''to sit on the warm pavement.''
Joseph Fennimore's ''Marriage of the Torah,'' which was given its world premiere, is an appealing, conservative and bittersweet work in three movements, one which makes reference to ancient Jewish themes, klezmer music and sad, modal waltzes.
The sewer district has always been a countywide responsibility.
I couldn't use everything he suggested, but he enriched his part far beyond what was on paper.''
They grow in orchards and near hardwood trees.
(Here Mr. Illich draws on the worst of Marx and Engels; that is, all was well for women before capitalism.)
In Washington she works with the Defense Department trip coordinator, and abroad she deals with representatives of the host country and the American embassy staff.
But after an unsuccessful court battle, the Mayor joined forces on the project with its prime mover, Gov.
In the prolonged debate over the missiles, the Kremlin made public more details of the opposing arsenals than their passion for secrecy had ever allowed before.
A three-course with beer is likely to average $15 a person, including tax and tip.
In addition, there is a Harvey Edwards poster of Glenn Dicterow, the Philharmonic concertmaster, with the Duke of Cambridge Stradivarius ($30 unframed; $125 framed).
Racing the Oncoming Cold ''When the weather gets colder, it takes longer for bodies to rise to the surface,'' said Lieut.
The details may be a little confusing, but the orientation is clear.
Chemical Bank of New York filed a motion today to lift a restraining order that has prevented default by the Washington Public Power Supply System on $2.25 billion in bonds floated to finance construction of two nuclear power plants.
Two of them did not live until the end of the year.
C.I.T. took a $10 million write-down on the losses at Iselin and is pursuing collection efforts in the case.
The official, Janko Smole, told a news conference that Yugolsavia would pay all its debts, $4.5 billion of which are due this year.
The Hawks play the Philadelphia 76ers tonight in Atlanta, and the Bullets play the 76ers tomorrow in Philadelphia.
Improvement in Attendance ''When I came here, there were few electives and no thematic instructional programs to appeal to special interests and needs,'' said Mr. Leder.
Allen struck out three Reds before leaving for a pinch-hitter.
On graduation in 1935, Mr. Maclean entered the Foreign Office.
And that was a lot clearer.
A 'Key Game' for Yankees ''I felt real comfortable for the first five innings,'' the 27-year-old lefthander said.
There will be more crime fighters operating outside the law (modeled after NBC's successful ''The A Team'') and more melodramas featuring large casts of characters with intertwining lives and active libidos (after ''Dallas'' and ''Dynasty'').
Even if he didn't make records at all, he would have an income in royalties from other singers' versions of his songs.
When I came into office, it was a problem that had been simply neglected for the past eight or 10 years.
I made three or four good friends, the kind of people who are topnotch, not just superficial people.
As Mr. Plaskin quotes the pianist: ''I thought, you go your way and I'll go mine.
For the Soviets, peace is a continuation of war by other means.
In the House of Lords Chamber Out of sight of the public, other workers at Parliament are engaged in a more sophisticated project, that of repairing and restoring the ceiling of the House of Lords Chamber.
On Oct. 30 the Winograds were rearrested and charged with criminal usury.
So does Mrs. Margiloff, who has patented her portable mailbox to serve what she sees as a vast market, but is having trouble gaining Federal approval.
A CONTEST mentality is peculiarly apparent in ''Tough Enough,'' a very dull boxing movie with no other distinguishing features.
Indonesia's long-booming economy is finally feeling the impact of the world recession.
Skydive East, Sky Manor Airport, Pittstown, N.J., 201-996-6262, offers one day of training and first jump for $125.
The case here is being heard by Judge Robert Varner of the United States Court for the Middle District of Alabama.
Vicorp, based in Denver, has interests in restaurants and restaurant financing.
''If they don't see it, they can't do anything about it at the time.
''Absolutely not,'' Mr. Hughes responded, when asked if the Administration was planning an aid reduction.
In July and August, they are almost all taken.
Place the main character on a farm, a boat, an island, in a jail, a business office or a besieged city, in any decade of any century.
''Although it took five minutes for the driver to get the kneeling step up again,'' Mrs. May said, ''no one seemed to mind.''
A slow recovery means unemployment will remain stubbornly high - some predict it will be as high as 6 percent in 1988 - and idled plants will be slow to return, if at all.
Strategic Importance But nearness on the map does not even begin to tell the strategic importance of Central America, bordering as it does on the Caribbean - our lifeline to the outside world.
Straw polls will be held by a number of state Democratic organizations in the fall, notably New Jersey in mid-September and Florida in late October.
The golfers will walk and will have caddies.
''I made one big mistake,'' he said today.
''You pay a price for that, you lose a sense of history, the knowledge of how you got where you are,'' General Smith said.
Mr. Shultz has acknowledged that he has found it difficult to grasp the arcane nature of arms control and military weapons, but has given increasing attention to the subject in recent months.
Tom Fleming of Bloomfield, N.J., won the Jersey Shore Marathon for the third time as he led a field of more than 2,000 runners across the finish line today in 2 hours 17 minutes 55 seconds.
And if we can identify that more explicitly than we have in the past, maybe we'll be able to use our dollars more effectively as well.
BOSTON (AL) - Optioned Steve Crawford, right-handed pitcher, to Pawtucket, R.I., farm club of International League.
In another part of the room, Smokin' Joe Jr. said, ''We don't have disagreements with my father.
and to the Palestinian people to choose the ways and means for the salvation of themselves and their land, and for the realization of their declared aims in the manner they see fit.''
credit line, in turn, was considered essential in the rescheduling of outstanding Philippine loans with various international financial institutions,'' the statement added.
Thereby turnout could be increased, particularly in often confusing multi- candidate races like the Presidential primaries.
Commissioner Pete Rozelle recently suspended four players - Ross Browner and Pete Johnson of the Cincinnati Bengals, E. J.
The committee's earlier recommendations resulted in a broad Presidential directive, issued March 11, that, among other things, authorized greater use of polygraphs and ''prepublication reviews'' of manuscripts by present or former Government officials who have had access to certain highly classified information.
The moments that last are often those that have dramatic impact, like the slingshot that routed an army, or the toppled lantern that began the Chicago Fire, or the pitch that lost a pennant.
It is used primarily as a flavoring for drinks made of rum, but I know of no reason it could not be used as a flavoring for cakes and cookies.
Judge Ritter has told prospective jurors the trial could last two to three months.
Still, led by Karin von Aroldingen, Kyra Nichols, Sean Lavery and Adam Luders, the dancing was clear and strong, gathering the open space about it at its sharpest.
Approximately one out of every four recorders sold is a Beta model, made primarily by Sony, Sanyo and Zenith.
The N.A.A.C.P., the nation's largest mass-membership civil rights organization, with about 400,000 members, formed the Legal Defense Fund as an affiliated corporation to carry out its litigation.
* Maximum rate Salomon Brothers estimates for bellwether issues
In Ridgefield and New Fairfield, for instance, there has been a particularly high incidence of vehicle kills, she said.
At the final bell, the Dow Jones industrial average was up 2.03 points, to 1,246.14, or slightly below its record close of 1,248.30 on June 16.
The new third-world capacity, the executives point out, was meant to fill expected local demand.
''The Journey to the West'' embodies several kinds of stories that either are or tend to stand for a spiritual drama.
He personally considered a return home urgent and timely.
Representative Stephen J. Solarz, Democrat of Brooklyn and a senior member of the Foreign Affairs Committee, said that ''at the very least'' the Administration ought to consult with other nations with troops in the internation force in Beirut, ''to see if some collective decision can be made about what ought to be done.''
But his widow, Queen Ranavalona I, had Christians hurled 200 yards down the hilltop where she had her palace.
Book Three of ''The Second Chronicles of Thomas Covenant,'' a fantasy saga.
The issue of overhauling the agricultural policy, thrashed out unsuccessfully at an agriculture ministers meeting in Brussels last month and now being discussed again in Stuttgart, is one of the most divisive the community has faced.
He said that the commission had tried to preserve some form of atlarge representation in addition to the 35 Council members currently elected from individual districts.
Cook, stirring, until lightly browned.
Before he fits arrow to bow, he will give a talk and show a film.
Leading banks, in an action that lagged behind the drop in the cost of their funds, lowered their prime lending rates by half a point, to 11 percent.
Under the New Jewel Movement of Mr. Bishop, who was killed Oct. 19 by soldiers supporting a hard-line faction, the police force was subordinated to the People's Revolutionary Army and is now in disarray, the official said.
Divisions: Not all species can be successfully divided, but division of established plants is often the simplest method of increasing wild flowers.
I enjoyed it, but it's like going four for four in a game.
Note that the name of a restaurant is no longer a reliable indication of what you will find within, as all names now have to be in French - which is sometimes as if La Folie in Toronto were required to call itself The Stupidity.
''Upon analysis of the information gathered from the interrogatories, we will determine whether there is sufficient evidence to proceed further with this matter,'' Mr. Lieberman said.
At the station catch the ''toy train,'' which runs on a two-foot gauge track.
Portugal, currently negotiating a loan pledged against its gold reserves that would bring its gold-backed borrowing this year to $1 billion, needs to pay off $1.3 billion in principal and $1.4 billion in interest on its foreign debt this year.
His flowers are in Connecticut, on wooded acres he shares with Philip Johnson.
The reasons behind the course of action he has taken probably have more to do with personal ambition and a keen sense of what is acceptable to Washington than with devotion to democracy.
The Board of Regents also moved to shore up the content of curriculum at all levels.
He suggested the City Opera was suffering from the hostility of other Lincoln Center constituents and chafing under a centralizing tendency from the office of Martin E. Segal, chairman of the Lincoln Center board.
She spoke tellingly of Miss Humphrey's choreographic balance between the fall and recovery from the fall that are so symbolic of her dance in general and of ''Two Ecstatic Themes'' in particular.
While visiting them the other day, he told guests, he overheard a woman say to her husband: ''Morris, let's put our stuff out in the yard so it will look like these.''
''They have voluntarily absented themselves,'' the judge added, as four other defendants also left.
I assume that the people knew what the method of transport was when they moved there.
Stories and comic pieces by a radio personality.
The New York Stock Exchange suffered its worst decline in almost two months yesterday as fears continued to mount of a resurgence in interest rates.
All we can do is wait.''
When Mr. Neiman was general manager, the Federal Comunications Commission granted WQXR a waiver to operate simultaneously on the AM and FM bands.
''He was provoked, so he retaliated,'' Arbour explained with a satisfied smile.
Veryzer, a 30-year-old middle infielder, was a victim of the numbers game that involved cutting five players from the roster to reduce it to the limit of 25.
*3*** COMPANY REPORTS ** View Full Article in Timesmachine »
Film clips introduced in court showed the CBS reporting team repeating questions for those being interviewed, badgering one interview subject and flattering another.
New York City's five Democratic county leaders came from behind the scenes yesterday to give their views on such matters as a third term for Mayor Koch, the party's candidates for President and how judges are selected.
Names drop like lead: Francis Poulenc makes exit and entrance in a sentence and a half.
''This apparent quest for symbolic dissociation,'' he said, ''is, in reality, a formula guaranteed to assure America's irrelevance to South Africa's future.''
The properties are scattered around Yonkers and many of the vacant sites are zoned for apartment use.
The commission, which is now reviewing the divestiture, could conceivably issue a ruling that would conflict with Judge Greene's.
Mr. Dainora's letter underlined the words ''very near future.''
''They even had a Ticketron there.''
Iowa ranks 47th in military spending among the states, and has a frugal history on military budgets.
When Biogen went public this spring, the entire $57.5 million offering was sold out by the start of trading the day it was first publicly offered.
Neither wants to antagonize voters by either raising taxes or making new spending cuts.
'' Yale It was a good year for television evangelists, draft resisters and movie stars in New Haven.
Its government is the most democratic in the Middle East, with a free press, open political dissent, and guaranteed civil liberties.
He pointed out that in other countries, prices did not ''go crazy'' with a Government change, as they have in Turkey, and noted that bananas had gone up lately by $1.10, to almost $3 for two pounds.
And at 16 we're getting too old to be with our parents all the time.
By the end of this year, the change means that the money supply can be about $20 billion greater than under the old target.
If some of her earlier dances seemed admirably cerebral but dull, somewhat chic and too full of hidden processes, ''Wind Devil'' signals a bright and welcome change.
This growth, according to Lee E. Koppelman, chief of the Suffolk County Planning Department, will be sustained by the proposed electrification of the Long Island Rail Road's main line between Hicksville and Ronkonkoma.
''Hopefully, we got it out of our system.
That immediately arrested the attention of the businessman seated across from him.
William Paterson (23-5) had five home runs in the inning to break the mark of four in an inning set by Wilkes in 1976.
Miss Crawford explains, ''We will open the play as soon as I raise the money.''
Mr. Nannen has sued his one-time star reporter for fraud, saying he had named a nonexistent source for the documents.
After 18 months of preparation, and startup costs estimated in the millions of dollars, the first issue of the magazine evoked almost unanimous condemnation among media critics, particularly for layout and graphics that many felt confusing.
Mr. Washington must face the Republican nominee, Bernard Epton, like the Representative a former state legislator, in the April 12 general election.
Colleges in Division III are not permitted to award basketball aid grants to prospective players, a rule that will simplify Mike Muzio's recruiting.
Furthermore, the incessant international publicity that any conductor receives today is a double-edged sword: it not only makes him a celebrity but also makes the public aware of his all-too-human personal traits.
The world is too integrated to permit segmentation.''
''We have a great capability, for example, in software development and we may be able to develop computer-based systems for other utilities in our area,'' he said.
Former Political Leaders Some of the environmental leaders are former political figures.
Fined Roger Penske $1,000 for i mproper conduct during postrace techni- c al inspections during the Rex Mays 150 at M ilwaukee last Sunday.
Late dollar rates in New York compared with those on Monday included the following: 2.5425 marks, up from 2.5406; 7.6265 French francs, down from 7.6375; 2.1020 Swiss francs, down from 2.1042, and 1.2293 Canadian dollars, down from 1.2303.
LOUIS FRIEDMAN, Executive Director, Planetary Society, Pasadena, Calif., June 22, 1983
But he said it did not work because temperatures did not rise enough to melt the ice.
''Especially when you've played one field and then switched to the other.
Mrs Zoltan won the right to include in her child-care expenses the entire $1,100 cost of sending her son to a Canadian summer camp for eight weeks.
Morristown $63,000 *2*56 Phoenix Avenue, 2-bedroom, two-bath, *2*50-year-old colonial; newly renovated *2*mother-daughter, new plumbing and wiring; taxes $968.
''Of course, I will get royalties, but I thought it would be a chance to make jewelry that is discreet for the woman who doesn't want her jewelry to be noticed before she is.''
Berra was a winner the first time he managed the Yankees, in 1964.
In the letter, which was made part of the record in his Senate confirmation hearings, Mr. Ruckelshaus said the commission might provide a credible way ''to educate the public and, in turn, the Congress on the lack of wisdom of the current system for regulating risk and the necessity for change.''
Uttered by the Brazilian playboy Baby Pignatari in 1952, these turned out to be a lifetime's fighting words to the young man being turned away.
BROKEN EARTH The Rural Chinese.
Draping and three-dimensional fitting became her specialty, techniques she soon shared with her Bunka College students.
Because officials are reluctant to discuss electronic surveillance operations, much of what is known about them comes from court records of hearings where defense attorneys sought to block admission of tape recordings as evidence.
Patricia R. Scott, a deputy press secretary for Mayor Koch since 1981, has been appointed by the Mayor to head the city's Office of Film, Theater and Broadcasting.
& L. Stable; 10, Jimmy Carter and Tom Gentry; 11, Daniel Lavezzo Jr.; 12, Dolly Green.
As I look at her family as a whole - the grandchildren, the companionship of husband and wife over the dinner table - I am almost persuaded.
Begin in office by arguing that without him Israel's sovereignty over the West Bank of the Jordan River cannot be assured.
BASKETBALL CAMP For a second year Fairfield University is offering aspiring young basketball players from 7 to 17 years of age an intensive one-week resident or day camp experience from July 31 to Aug. 5 and from Aug. 15-19.
11 P.M.,''Pastoral Symphony'' by Handel, Basque folk song, music by Williamson, Kauffmann, Carlson, Widor ''Toccata.''
In the same year, he also produced more or less geometrical shapes in watercolor but, again, seemed to let the white contours form themselves from the spaces left between the washes.
Herschel Walker should not be blamed for taking the money, which has been estimated at $1.5 million or more for each of the next three years.
The unanimous ruling was made by a five-judge panel of the Appellate Division of State Supreme Court.
La Bretagne, a model of consistency, never has had those problems.
''Do you want to be a success in a world where genocide still goes on, where thousands of your fellow citizens are still homeless and where children have to be fingerprinted in case they disappeared?
I am just a chubby little blonde with a wholesome face.''
As director and author, Mr. Ward has turned an almost bare stage into a jubilant camp meeting ground.
raise serious concerns about Soviet compliance with agreements already negotiated,'' Mr. Reagan asserted, although he provided no details.
The sources said the army also abandoned three smaller outposts on the mountain 35 miles east of San Salvador during rebel attacks Sunday.
One is a small cone-shaped crystal vodka glass with a silver band that fits into a vial containing crushed ice ($16.95).
Here is a good way to avoid confusion: Obscure and abstruse are usually applied to murky or profound things, and obtuse is ordinarily applied to an unfeeling person.
She is the first person indicted in the controversy that since February has resulted in the resignations of more than a dozen of President Reagan's senior appointees to the environmental agency.
The environmental agency has proposed eliminating the use of EDB as a fumigant to retard mold in mills and granaries, but Mr. Brashear said the regulatory process could take two years.
Not one to miss an opportunity, Mr. Wirth promptly stood up, whipped out his guitar and began singing ''Amortize It,'' which later became an MBAs hit single.
Ten centuries of rites and orgies in long-ago Egypt.
He sees the mystery form as the product not of the rationalistic 19th century, but of German romanticism.
The sale - a great success - was in the market square, bounded by Lucas Cranach's house and the town hall.
5 THE VALLEY OF HORSES, by Jean M. Auel.
According to the diagram and explanation provided today by the Marine spokesman, Maj. Robert Jordan, the suicide driver entered the empty and unguarded public airport parking lot just south of the Marine headquarters at roughly 6:20 A.M. Sunday.
I know a few people who thoroughly dislike the taste of ginger.
No trial date was set.
Furthermore, games that are not protected from being changed by the user can spur youngsters to figure out the logic of the game and how to alter it to their liking, which is the essence of programming.
The cost has been $2,200 a car.
Her father, who is president of Production Sharing International in Southport, Conn., was president and vice chairman of Warnaco in Bridgeport, Conn. Mrs. Lupoff is a granddaughter of Agnes Selkirk Clark of Antigua, Guatemala; the late Cameron Clark of Fairfield and the late Mr. and Mrs. Bradford Greenman Warner, also of Fairfield.
18 in B Flat (K.456).
That arm has been credited with a record 301 saves.
Other fish have more endearing personalities and each snorkeler or diver quickly acquires a favorite species.
It's still the World Series.''
That resonance served the dancers well, for the program presented at Lehman was almost unrelievedly sober in tone until a last burst of joyous folk-style dance in ''Nofei Ha Aretz'' (''Landscapes of Israel'').
Coach Bryant seemed to be the only one showing Alabama how to build and how to win.''
He has re-dedicated himself to the sport, he says, and he will work to improve outdoors.
Pour any juices from carving board into sauce.
''I've known him since 'Splendor in the Grass,' '' he says.
They had three sizzling years starting in 1975 when Willie set world records on tracks of half a mile, five- eighths of a mile, one mile.
Some of this lack of continuity was solved recently when, during April and early May, the band played every Monday night at Sweet Basil, 88 Seventh Avenue South.
* PPG Industries acquired 55 percent of the Diamond Silica Industrial Co. of Taiwan for an undisclosed price.
That expression does not apply to their state of mental and physical readiness when they massed before dawn behind the starting line outside the city hall in the Indian Ocean port of Durban.
His audience was awaiting the on-the-hour news from Texas City, Tex., where earlier in the day a series of violent explosions had left thousands dead and injured and leveled much of the port city.
Meanwhile, players and coached expressed happiness with the return of the regular officials.
His accomplice, Mrs. Lovett, uses the victims as ground-up ingredients for her meat pies, which turn out to be the taste sensation of London.
Whatever the trouble is, we just happen to be in a losing spell.
''The marina area is the emerging section of town for casinos, with Hilton and Golden Nugget going in,'' said Dennis Gorski, the company's spokesman here.
John W. Lynn, chairman of the F.W.
In California, a 1981 bill requires the state's phone companies to provide the equipment free to people who have been certified by a doctor as deaf.
We are still the parents, they are still the children, but there is more of an equality (on both sides), and we are better friends and less jousters in the arena of authority.
The ruling gave the Yankees a temporary 4-3 victory, but the Royals went on to win, 5-4, after the game was resumed in the top of the ninth.
Since Mrs. Diamond's child had both a mother and a father living and since she did not have the adequate release forms from the mother or a special court order specifying the validity of such a release, the immigration service did not consider the child eligible for adoption.
Among other penalties that presumably could be substituted or supplemented, it says fines of two days' pay for each day missed could be assessed in addition to fines in existing legislation covering illegal strikes by public employees.
In a game matching a young team still looking to gain respect against a team that was the champion last season, the upstart Nets helped their budding reputation tonight by defeating the Los Angeles Lakers, 110-96.
The statistics showed that the Redskins had played better.
Pioneer 10 is still transmitting signals from its eight-watt radio every day as it advances past the reaches of Pluto toward the edge of the solar system 2.7 billion miles away.
But a military analyst here said that Colonel Ochoa had responded to a ''growing consensus'' inside the military that General Garcia's remaining tenure would be short.
Some of the new business is directly related to the requirements of the payment-in-kind program.
He was out easily as he tried to beat the throw from the catcher Bruce Benedict to Perez, who was covering the plate.
What they have in common, apart from their immediate seduction, is that in shape and size they are a perfect match for the character of the stones in question.
* Mirro Corp., a housewares manufacturer based in Manitowoc, Wis., said it would recall 220 hourly employees by the end of the month because of increased first-quarter sales and orders.
Clams and oysters should be packed in ice, and their shells must be tightly closed.
PEPE, we are told at the beginning of Antonio Jose Betancor's ''Valentina,'' is ''a typically intelligent and sound Spanish man, capable of making his dignity a kind of religion.''
He was convicted and served 19 months in prison.
''It is hard to keep the recognition in perspective,'' Jordan admitted.
But if there's one area of artistic accomplishment in which Chicago has often been rated as a second city - or even a fourth or fifth - it's the theater.
Black and gray rectangles with maroon borders form the base; they are topped by smaller rectangles in which pale gray and pale gold alternate in a dark gray frame Then, above a white marble cornice, narrow windows are separated by heavily veined pale gold panels framed in light gray.
His body was found in an apartment he kept in Rome.
However, Max Downham, vice president of planning at G. D. Searle & Company, which makes aspartame, disputed the findings that it reduces blood pressure.
''I've never seen that as a negative or despairing message.
''Anyway, the league didn't even throw its annual party this year,'' he said, ''so we decided not to have one either.''
Increases in the costs of shelter, airline fares and gasoline helped push up the Consumer Price Index for the New York-northeastern New Jersey area by 1.1 percent in April, the Labor Department reported yesterday.
And so while we don't support the violent young people, we have a certain sympathy for what they're saying.''
After a while, the father decided they would try fishing near the covered bridge farther up the Beaverkill.
The flagship of the row is Bruckner Antiques, 37 Bruckner Boulevard, 292-6028, where an oak icebox in rough shape can be had for only $60, a Victorian chaise longue with torn velvet upholstery is $50 and an unstripped 12-foot-tall pier mirror $375.
Also, after the merger, all major media advertising creative and account work will be handled in the old Lewis & Gilman office space, while the rest of the activity - including Yellow Pages and public relations - will be 12 blocks downtown in the Aitkin-Kynett space.
Citing an annual deficit of ''around $250,000'' in the sport, the university's athletic director, Eugene Corrigan, said in a recent interview that the program was ''under review'' and may not survive on the varsity level.
Problems for Ferragamo As the lead grew, the Rams were forced to throw more than they would have had the score been closer.
The company came about almost accidentally in 1977, when Barbara Cohen, a student in Mr. Conte's dance school and now the company's general manager, suggested that the young jazz dancers might provide upbeat entertainment for the elderly.
To prevent the flies from falling into a wine glass, it was customary to Recipes are on page C8.
Dr. Willie van Niekerk, a gynecologist specializing in the surgical correction of birth defects who took over as Administrator General six months ago, has been especially assiduous in courting black politicians such as Mr. Shipanga who boycotted the last government South Africa sponsored here.
The residential power to which Mr. Lurkis refers would be supplied from hydroelectric projects on the Niagara and St. Lawrence Rivers.
In essence, supporters of the compromise maintained that while it was an imperfect document, it was ''the only game in town,'' in the words of Representative Leon E. Panetta, Democrat of California.
That was the way Shlomo Mintz played Prokofiev's First Violin Concerto accompanied by Kurt Sanderling conducting the New York Philharmonic in Avery Fisher Hall Thursday night.
Mr. Copeland said he was not opposed to the presence of the Marines in Lebanonn, but added: ''If they're going to be there, they should be in a position to defend themselves.
The seven deaths so far equal the total for the first six months of last year.
It's a little tougher to teach a guy to score goals.''
Two decades after the historic civil rights march on Washington, America's own march toward economic and social justice is not only stalled but pivoting backward.
Surviving are his wife, Dorothy, and five children, Paul, Raymond, Christine, Mary and David.
(One new acquisition, a parody by Giorgio Vasari of Michelangelo's ''Rape of Ganymede,'' came in too late to be catalogued but contributes a distinctive and ever so slightly ribald note to the show.)
If a movie is ever made of Renaldo Nehemiah's track career, ''Chariots of Confusion'' could be an appropriate title, at least after a decision announced yesterday by the United States Olympic Committee.
In 1824 Marquis de Lafayette, the French hero of the American Revolution, swept into the Virginia city of Williamsburg to be showered with gifts by well-wishers.
Young Theodore studied Pooh for a moment.
College Costs: The National Association of Independent Colleges and Universities opens a three-day meeting.
While the new campaign that began Sunday is aimed more at parents, running in daytime, fringe and prime time, the Saturday morning and weekday evening kiddie times are not to be ignored.
''There are still opportunities in the United States for further growth in our shoe sales,'' Mr. Knight, Nike's chairman and chief executive officer, said.
Investigators said they believed it was an accident and that no charges were filed against the operator of the car.
Form 1099-B with the catchy name of Statement for Recipients of Proceeds from Broker and Barter Exchange Transactions.
If a one-and-a-half-liter jug can be purchased for less than $6 and can always be found at the local store, that is likely to be the wine of choice.
A sloping rooftop ran along both end walls and one side wall, and a series of openings had been cut into these three walls at odd intervals.
The Air Force, the family says, used psychiatry to railroad Mr. Walker out of the service because he demanded an investigation into ''a lot of improprieties'' in his unit and into his assignment as a library clerk when he was qualified to be an intelligence officer.
(I was subjected to a campaign to have me fired from the position I took after leaving the F.B.I., that of executive director of the International Association of Chiefs of Police.
The Commerce Department report said the $1.7 billion addition to stockpiles held by manufacturers, wholesalers and retailers put the value of goods on shelves and backlots at a seasonally adjusted $506.5 billion at the end of May.
In November 1982, the raise was unilaterally rescinded by the administration.
He was then thrown down by Scala, he said, ''on Martin's orders.''
The interchange has included journalists from publications such as The Washington Post, The Baltimore Sun and, for a debate on gun control last week, a magazine called Gun Week.
''Widmar turned me back into a winner,'' said Alexander.
However, it should be noted that violence is not a factor in most family disputes to which police are summoned.
''The agency has a number of major international strengths,'' he said.
Let stand at room temperature for one hour.
Schulze (R) Y N 6.
He paused, looked at his mother, and said: ''I used to curse the Lord when I'd see him.
Luther finally denounced the Anabaptists as blasphemists, and they were persecuted.
In addition, Chrysler would no longer be subject to supervision by the loan board and would be in a position to consider resuming dividends to stockholders once it pays off $120 million in accumulated preferred stock dividends.
Share earnings reflect a 2-for-1 stock split in April 1983.
Deception Is No Surprise West led a heart, which was a good start for the defense.
"At least one underbid came in by phone at $80,000.
He said the city's assertion that it was to get more than eight million pounds of cheese in the current quarterly period was ''not correct.''
Asked what the result would of an increase in the number of scientists and engineers in the American work force, he questioned how automatic such correlations actually were.
Eliot, and for his staging of the Royal Shakespeare Company's revival of ''All's Well That Ends Well.''
Lion and his colleagues reported that many assaulted psychiatrists felt in retrospect ''that they had been at times too insistent that a patient confront upsetting material.''
Allied's shares closed yesterday on the New York Stock Exchange at $35.375, unchanged.
It was just a few months ago that the City Council, unhappy to find the Board of Education buying eight new Oldsmobile 98's at a cost of $14,262.90 each for its seven members and the Chancellor, passed a law saying the board could not spend more for its automobiles than was spent for city commissioner's automobiles - $6,170.
The camera, moving, becomes an involuntary editor in ''Coast Zone.''
The agony over to play or not to play ended, as most things end these days, in a court of law yesterday afternoon.
The state will again be divided into northern and southern zones, and there will be an experimental doe-permit area in the northwest portion of the southern zone.
''I remember that I had to lay around the house because I was very tired at first,'' he said.
It consists of tables of more than 700 job classifications in the civilian labor force for 1980 broken down by sex, race and Spanish origin.
Meanwhile, an official of Switzerland, where the two are believed to be hiding, said that his Government had begun to explore ways it might extradite Mr. Rich and Mr. Green to the United States.
Because fewer abandoned buildings are available for the illicit drug trade, the police say dealers have passed the cost of operating onto the consumer.
Emerging from the judge's chamber after the applications had been rejected, Jack Unterhalter, their lawyer, said: ''We have done all we can.
Tighter restrictions by the Philippines on ships bringing imports is angering American manufacturers, who say the curbs are raising the costs of doing business with the Philippines.
He received a master's degree in business administration from Columbia University.
Mark Abel, a grain specialist with Schnittker Associates, a private commodity forecasting company, said the corn crop could be reduced by 2.5 billion to 3 billion bushels from the 1982 record of 8.3 billion bushels.
In Lebanon the Marines were devastated by obscure Islamic sects.
Some of the governors-elect are finding that under the circumstances there is little they can do to improve the economy and state services.
The problem is to large.
Long-term bonds due in 2001 are tentatively offered to yield 9.75 percent, with yields rising to 9 7/8 percent in 2005 and 10 percent in 2018.
If a mark is broken, he said, the sponsor would have to certify that the course was accurately measured, but he did not think it was mandatory that documentation be sent to an international body.
And they will retain their A.T.& T. shares.
Our critic, Karla Kuskin, characterized this story for readers 6 to 9 as ''a pleasant, not unusual book by an unusually talented author and artist.''
As first proposed to the White House, my plan called for exporting one lawyer to Japan for every car Japan exports to the United States.
(This harness became known as a Sam Brown belt.)
Often, it points out, the animal ends up in a humane society cage.
Unesco Conference in Paris Leonard R. Sussman, executive of director of Freedom House, a New York organization that has fought against press restrictions, said he anticipated the news controls in Grenada would be cited this week at the Unesco conference in Paris.
This follows a decline of three-tenths of 1 percent in December under the old method.
''The main problem with shipping right now is the rotten world economy,'' said Robert Rice, a senior vice president at Citibank who oversees its global shipping operations.
(Television - Channel 9, 7:30 P.M.) Devils vs. Whalers , at Hartford.
is expected before the end of June.
The Soviet press agency Tass said today that the United States was planning a ''massive attack'' on ''national-patriotic forces'' in Lebanon.
Housing 51.2 +61.1 Net exports 10.2 n.a.
There is live jazz on Saturday nights.
The only problem is that I believe the football team, any college football team, belongs to the players as much as it does to anyone else.''
It did not happen that way.
''We had better forget the tactics of politics and instead address the substance of politics,'' Mr. Hart said in his prepared text.
Mr. Littell is a professor in the religion department at Temple University.
Usually, in African cemeteries, the toys and trinkets of dead children are left on their graves as sacred ornaments, so I thought there might be a rough visual measure of these statistics.
A weekly feature, dubbed an "Uncommentary," is provided by Clifton Fadiman, a member of the book-of-the-Month Club editorial board and once something of a television personality himself, in the days when game-show panels would feature figures like Bennett Cerf or George S. Kaufman.
Allowing competition would encourage improved service where the Post Office is not now efficient.
''If you change shots in football, you might be late, and it might be a poor product, but the public will still see it,'' he said.
The Chilean military, however, also has a strong democratic tradition, and many officers are known to be concerned that the opposition to General Pinochet may blacken the military itself.
charged Saxon and three of its senior executives with conspiring to overstate the company's inventory records from 1968 to 1982.
I don't think there's a cutthroat in this whole lot.''
On the Cowboys' home field in Irving, Tex., the Rams won the National Conference wild-card playoff game, 24-17.
When he presented a piece to the Hague Symphony in 1972, the string section refused to play, and the brass players laughed at the complexity of their parts.
''We're facing a crisis in economics as well as an economic crisis - there's absolutely no consensus over what to do,'' said Sylvia Ostry, who watched Europe's economic fortunes closely for four years as chief economist at the Paris-based O.E.C.D.
c-Net income including tax credits of $11,472,000 for the 12 weeks and $12,640,000 for the 28 weeks.
Hand, a shipbroker at E. Molstad & Company, which specializes in bulk dry cargo.
But the day I graduated was the day I gave up acting.
Another long-range problem that requires early attention is how to shape foreign relations after the bombing in Rangoon.
If so, what an extraordinary murmur for a child with that history.
Inhabitants at the two camps appeared unimpressed by the findings of the Israeli investigating team.
The dining room itself is a model of stylish simplicity.
''It's a constructive move, although it was a tough decision to make,'' said Richard Hastings of Merrill Lynch.
'We Will Push Them Back' What did they hope to gain from their war against the Vietnamese?
Meanwhile, examples of companies that may have benefited from splitting their stock can be found on a list prepared by Mrs. Gregory.
In January, its management was restructured.
He had formerly been a vice president of the engineering and construction division of Kaiser Industries.
It's hard to argue with that blue feeling.
Fox & Company, one of the nation's leading accounting firms, was charged by the Securities and Exchange Commission yesterday with using careless and improper auditing methods.
Hopes rose last night for a last-minute settlement of the New York City Opera labor dispute after the New York State Mediation Board intervened in the deadlocked negotiations.
Diabetes, obesity, certain skin diseases and some drugs add to a person's susceptibility to heat stroke.
Three years later, Martin Denny's West Coast orchestra made a record of ''A Taste of Honey,'' which won a Grammy as best instrumental theme of 1962, and in 1965, another record of it, by Herb Alpert and the Tijuana Brass, won three more Grammies, including record of the year.
My Administration has slowed the growth of Federal regulation, strengthening the forces of competition in a number of economic sectors.
At present, consumer rates run 18 to 20 percent, and sometimes more.
And Moscow's one major failure, its campaign to prevent the stationing of American medium-range missiles in West Germany, could be recouped through its longer-haul struggle to separate and alienate the West German public from the United States and the Atlantic alliance.
Rule on Special Classes The Senator was referring to a state rule that handicapped students must spend 20 percent of their time in special classes if their schools are to be eligible for state aid.
Service on the line was out from 9:25 A.M. to 11:25 A.M. from Queensboro Plaza to Times Square, she said.
Which brings me back to blue cream cheese.
That brief reflected an argument that the department has stated more specifically in the New Orleans case: that the Federal courts should not order general hiring (or layoff) goals as a remedy for job discrimination; but that any remedy for such discrimination should be limited to its specific, identifiable victims.
''No one can begin to imagine what it means to a young child in a hospital to get that special gift that he or she has been looking forward to, but never imagined that they would get.
The President also told the astronauts, ''On this Labor Day, you're an inspiration to all of us.''
Union members there, also represented by the U.T.U., walked out after management decided to cut average salaries by $6,000 and to restructure the workday.
FOR many students, especially members of minority groups, the community college, with its policies of open admissions and low tuition, has been a vehicle for upward mobility, a point of entry into a higher education system in which black and Hispanic enrollment was only about 5 percent less than 20 years ago.
He was the author or co-author of 10 books, among them ''Children of Bondage,'' ''Deep South,'' ''Father of the Man'' and ''Social-Class Influences Upon Learning.''
He lasted one inning, walked four batters and hit another, a performance that prompted Martin this morning to criticize him sharply.
After his Malibu home was destroyed by waves last week, Robert Webber, an actor, told an interviewer: ''This used to be a Garden of Eden.''
This would be the forum for naming a new President in succession to Mr. Brezhnev, who was both party chief and head of state.
In today's action, Prime Minister Mir Hussein Moussavi of Iran said on the Teheran radio that the expulsion of the three French diplomats was a reaction to French Government's ''criminal acts'' against Iranian students and other Iranian nationals in France.
The Rockets, who at 14-68 last season had the worst record in the N.B.A., also own the third selection, followed by the San Diego Clippers.
The certificates, which are insured by the Federal Savings and Loan Insurance Corporation for up to $100,000 per investor, yield about 41 basis points, or hundredths of a percentage point, more than outstanding Treasury notes due in four years.
The New York City Housing Authority has begun to build or renovate 904 housing units for low- and moderate-income people in almsot 30 buildings.
One unhappy Administration adviser on women's issues, who insisted he not be named, reiterated that concern last week.
But Graham said: ''Even when I took the 9, I was playing with confidence.
An added advantage of this Magefesa unit is that the poaching accessories can be put aside and the pan and lid can be used by themselves for sauteing, steaming fish or vegetables, braising meats or other tasks.
QUESTION: Which goaltender in the National Hockey League is the leader in assists during a season?
Apparently the scallops had been baked in this liquid.
According to Mr. Thomas, who was a member of the City Ballet during the 1950's, the company's style was dictated by its repertory, which once contained works by several choreographers, including Frederick Ashton and Antony Tudor.
Joseph P. Fitzpatrick, a Jesuit professor of anthropology at Fordham University who worked on the study, said the results posed an opportunity for the archdiocese.
In Paris, the Labor Ministry said the French unemployment rate fell to an unofficial estimate of 9.2 percent, down five-tenths of one percentage point from March but up eighttenths of one percentage point from April 1982.
One recent British estimate was that four Assault Breakers fired at a tank concentration would knock out approximately the same number of tanks as a nuclear shell fired from a 155-millimeter gun.
''We've been here since 1916,'' he said.
The editorial contains errors of fact and contradictory statements.
When it is finished flowering, lift and divide iris if you have not done so within the last few years.
That, in turn, means that Bill McGlothlin's gasoline station in standard time goes on daylight time even though his pumps are 15 feet outside the daylight time zone.
Mr. Trudeau was in Bonn as part of a four-day tour of six North Atlantic Treaty Organization nations to explore ways to ease East-West tensions.
But Donald J. Gaetz, president of the National Hospice Organization, said the Government's payment level would ''drive the terminally ill back into the hospital, drive hospices out of business and, ironically, drive Medicare costs up instead of down.''
One was that a club professional held the lead briefly.
The other alternative taken by many theaters, Mr. Steuer said, was to reduce seating capacity to 74 - exempting them from the publicassembly code, which applies to places seating 75 or more.
I'm working hard and I just want to show them what I can do.''
Ingeniously but riskily, they work within a self-limited range of movement, focusing on shifting weight to support each other and express relationships.
Yet to see his two duets performed one after the other was to see too much of the same kind of good thing.
According to Mr. Beeson, a City Opera musician who was paid at the $535 weekly scale in 1981 made $25,000; under the new proposal the musician would make $15,500.
As a result of this defect he frequently incurs the wrath of his mate and creates a marital environment that threatens to bring on another Ice Age.
Both before and after the news conference, Mr. Ward met privately with the department's deputy commissioners and the five so-called super chiefs, who head the major police bureaus.
No standing in line for a visa for Keith Elliott.
The Polisario Front praised the O.A.U.
The Devils have now gone scoreless in their last 20 advantages over seven games.
To clean this land will not be easy.
And so far, all of the accounts of this, and all of the reporting has dealt on that one word as if the difference between ''curb'' and ''halt'' -we've had some indications that, in reality, there are many things in there that we'll have no quarrel with at all.
Green Gazpacho 2 1/2-inch long section of day-old Italian bread, crusts removed and crumbled 1 medium to large cucumber, peeled, seeded and coarsely chopped 1/2 small green pepper, seeded and chopped 2 scallions, chopped 2 tablespoons chopped parsley 1 clove garlic, peeled and chopped 4 tablespoons olive oil 2 tablespoons tarragon vinegar 1 1/2 cups cold water Salt and freshly ground black pepper 1 tablespoon snipped chives.
''This is a gallery for science and art,'' said Mr. Hupert, whose previous title was head of education-director of the downtown branch of the Whitney Museum of American Art.
NORFOLK, a tiny village of 2,100 in the foothills of the Berkshires, has been a farming community, a mill town and an elegant summer resort, all within the past 150 years.
c-Net loss after losses of $304,000 for the quarter and $553,000 for the 6 months from discontinued operations and gains of $400,000 for the quarter and $2 million for the 6 months on the exchange of debentures.
Set a Passing Record He sparked the Rams to their only championship in 1951.
House paints form a softer, more flexible film that will give more easily with expansion and contraction, while trim kinds are more brittle, which is why they should not be used on the body of the house where larger areas are involved.
''They haven't replied in any meaningful way,'' he said.
The belief of Alan's father that the pain was ''in his son's head'' is a common misconception, Dr. Adler said.
''Precious little is being done on black management training,'' says David Hauck, who visted South Africa for the Investor Responsibility Research Center earlier this year.
BETTY G. LALL, New York, Jan. 8, 1983.
''We're going to buy old and sell new all day long, until our fingers get bloody,'' said T. Brett Haire, arbitrager for the First Boston Corporation.
'More a Palace Revolt' ''It was more a palace revolt than a Government upheaval,'' a Western diplomat said.
The position is defensive tackle, already weakened by Abdul Salaam's aggravated rotator-cuff injury, which will keep him out for the preseason, if not longer.
Shawn was pronounced dead on arrival at Beth Israel Hospital here, after he was rushed from his home in Irvington.
That would be a sure way of restoring whatever credibility you now find lacking.
Jordan had two baskets, one a dunk, during an 11-0 surge that gave North Carolina a 53-36 lead with 11:18 left.
''Humphrey,'' he said, ''I'm getting out of this thing.''
All the guest rooms have specially designed cedro furnishings, including a wall with built-in drawers and closets, and a corner cupboard holding a bar, a refrigerator and a television set.
Next, she starts complaining about his penmanship.
City Viewed as Maturing ''I think the assassination shocked the city almost like an adolescent, an adolescent suddenly becoming mature as a result of a shocking experience,'' he said.
''Of the thousands of breweries that have closed over the last 100 years, many were lost because too much money was taken out of the business,'' he said.
If a number of present trends continue, these landfills may eventually be largely replaced by other means of disposal, and those sites that remain may well be far less hazardous.
Now I have achieved them.
The company is considering widening its product line to include buttermilk biscuits.
The school is one of about a dozen so- called ''offshore'' medical schools that are not accredited by American medical authorities.
For one thing, Richard Dotson wasn't allowing the Yankees too many hits.
But he had already been to two schools since his mother's Bronx apartment burned out last summer and was upset by the thought of starting over in yet another school.
Another Russian source defines the term as ''twigs''; Time magazine, in exploring the etymology of the musty slang used by both United States and Soviet translators, offers ''the sticks of a fir tree.''
''The division was created to tie all the companies together,'' Mr. Edwards said.
''I can tell you what the law is,'' he says.
Mr. Garcia, Democrat of the Bronx, also echoed the words of a former Deputy Mayor, Herman Badillo, that Hispanic people have the potential of being a major force in the political arena.
In some ways, Mary Overlie is a very up-to-date choreographer, for she seeks to carry on and develop some of the kinetic explorations begun by the pioneering Judson Dance Theater two decades ago.
In the Town Center in Stamford, Conn., his company could have built a two million square foot project like the one it opened in Schaumberg, Ill., outside Chicago.
2 Jets Upgraded to Probable The Jets upgraded Jerry Holmes and Mike Augustyniak yesterday from questionable to probable for tomorrow's game against Miami at Shea Stadium.
Mrs. Wexler and her second husband, Joseph Duffey, chancellor of the University of Massachusetts at Amherst, each have two sons.
now holds hearings and is arranging a series on increasing fares.
Azzurra of Italy had the day off and dropped to fourth after sharing third with Challenge 12.
Computers are becoming indispensable to business, and the loss of a data processing center - by fire, flood, vandalism or other cause - could seriously harm a company, perhaps even force it out of business.
If so, will the accelerated search for potential big-money books come at the expense of quality books?
One section is for French books of all sorts, another for Spanish, while a third is a marvelous repository of dictionaries for all languages, including the most obscure.
The report quoted official sources in Luanda as saying before the start of the talks that the two sides would discuss ''the political situation'' in South-West Africa, also known as Namibia, ''as well as other issues connected with security in southern Africa.''
''The porch had almost rotted through and almost every architectural ornament was missing.
Mr. Wiesenberg has studied bears in Canada and now in Connecticut, even examining the remains of the bear Mr. Ferratto shot.
''If we want to improve the nation's schools,'' he said, ''we must pay more attention to homework, the disciplinary climate and other areas that help develop a student's own sense of self-discipline.''
As for the more recent paintings, whose free-flowing brushwork is designed to conjure up light, water, beach and things of more immanent nature, though they are obviously by a painter deeply engaged, their floating colors and compositional mushiness are unsettling.
''There are a lot of retirement homes around this area and this company is known for being a good builder.''
Ellen Kim Leblang, daughter of Mr. and Mrs. Paul Leblang of Greenwich, Conn., was married in New York yesterday to David D. Petrocci, son of Mr. and Mrs. Michael Petrocci of Syracuse.
Thomas Cook, the current agent, bid, but was eliminated.
She got her bogey 6 to beat the 7 of Miss Quinlan.
Governor Garrahy and Mr. Solomon were early supporters of the Mondale candidacy.
The troops and their Commander in Chief are playing for time, hoping that the moment will nominate itself.
(A mil is one-thousandth of an inch.)
Mrs. Gorsuch herself has set that standard of behavior.
Begin to reduce his terms for a Lebanon withdrawal.
The company's previous record for a third quarter was set in 1978, when it earned $90.1 million.
Indeed, this year, the Chicago Merchandise Mart, once the Middle Western vortex of decorating resources, switched its ailing January market to September in hopes of stimulating business.
Experts Offer Comment "At the moment, there is more oil available than there is demand," said Thomas Burns, a senior economist for the Standard Oil Company of California.
The Giants have one of the best defenses in the league.
He said his portfolio performed well this year, rising 40 percent in value, but he added that managing the fund was not easy.
It cannot be denied that there was a trashy streak in Strauss that can break out like the measles at some point in any of his operas.
I don't even remember the play.''
By April, the pins had vanished.
The survivors of that hell camp had a 1-9 record in 1954, but Bryant had made his point, and his teams had records of 7-2-1, 9-0-1 and 8-3 in his three final years before he moved on.
''It was a major step forward for fencing,'' said Irwin Bernstein, a past president of the United States Fencing Association and project coordinator of fencing's ''elite-athlete'' program.
FIRST AND LAST ADD Fordham Image and change animated Fordham University.
Holland America Cruises, 2 Pennsylvania Plaza, New York, N.Y. 10121 (212-947-8959; 800-221-6842 outside New York State; 800-442-8171 in New York State).
Music listeners hungry for a little action in the competition arena can watch young instrumental competitors battle on two fronts this week.
Franz was fouled and made the free throw.
''This is a power grab by CPB.
Even such a rotund and voluble work as Beethoven's ''Emperor'' Concerto, given a generally sensitive performance by Jacob Lateiner in honor of Mr. Thomson, took on a sodden texture.
111316 WORKING OUT, by Charles Hix.
Some of the loudest complaints have been against the State Automobile Inspectorate, a militsiya division whose members are notorious for taking 10-ruble bribes from drivers stopped for traffic offenses.
Both can be chopped and turned into fritters.
Some players, such as those now at Georgia, said they wanted to build a tradition, not just add to one.
Dr. Cray's first supercomputer, installed in 1976 and known as the Cray-1, packed 350,000 silicon chips into a space a little bigger than a telephone booth.
He said one inmate, identified as Frayne Lydick, 21 years old, ran toward a fence and a guard shot him in the head and chest with a shotgun.
He played in the big leagues for 15 years, mostly with the Dodgers and Washington Senators, then with the Texas Rangers and Detroit Tigers.
The companies apparently felt that black workers were less reliable and skilled than white workers.
The way to the park is by the Taconic State Parkway north, to Interstate 84 west and Route 9 north about five miles, turning left at Old Post Road and left again at Sheafe Road.
Cut toenails straight across to avoid ingrown nails.
The first was found in Mongolia in the 1920's and is in the American Museum of Natural History in New York City.
Stemrick, according to Bum Phillips, the Saints' coach, said, ''I made a mistake.
One is built around a personal income tax.
The bride, a financial analyst for the Virginia National Bank in Norfolk, graduated summa cum laude from Randolph-Macon Woman's College, where she was elected to Phi Beta Kappa.
There has been speculation and rumors that a Carter Administration worker sympathetic to a Reagan official had passed the material along.
Travis McGee investigates a suspicious accident at sea: fiction.
As to the records, you will find that the Roosevelt Administration has changed the form of publishing governmental accounts.
The bride graduated from Greenwich Country Day School, Greenwich Academy and the University of Arizona and received a paralegal certificate from Manhattanville College.
The Dow Jones industrial average fell 14.73 points, to 1,183.09, putting its overall decline in the last seven trading sessions at 60.60 points.
Information on these is available from the Aruba Tourist Bureau, 1270 Avenue of the Americas, New York, N.Y. 10020 (212-246-3030).
Pierre Berton, Canada's foremost popular historian, has written that all Canadians have always understood that good government means strong government.
The program that was to control all pollution pumped into groundwater, as well as surface waters, was the National Pollution Discharge Elimination System.
''I live in Hollywood, I am paid a Hollywood wage,'' said Mr. Bogorad.
Stratton (D) Y Y 24.
What the Whole Theater has also created is a deep involvement in its hometown's educational affairs.
The Government has warned that any family that illegally camps on public land will be ineligible for future public housing programs.
''We were trying to double-cover Wesley Walker and the tight end and go man-to-man with their running backs.
And when American industry blossomed in this century, what were ''company towns'' if not an updated version of feudalism?
For funny, it introduced us to an ''oily Levantine'' who promptly became the principal character during the play's first hour - though not during its second, since his head was lopped off by a saber as the first-act curtain was falling.
''It's significant because it shows for the time being that the whole oil price structure of OPEC will remain unchanged and is not under any strong downward pressure,'' said John H. Lichtblau, executive director of the Petroleum Industry Research Foundation.
The right-hander struck out four and walked two in pitching his 13th complete game of the season.
Interior Secretary James G. Watt challenged the resolution's constitutionality on the basis of a Supreme Court decision June 23 that struck down the right of either or both houses of Congress to veto an action by the executive branch.
Representative Stephen J. Solarz, a Democrat from Brooklyn, sat more than 2,400 miles away from home in a cellblock at the Mariona Prison here.
''They read a brief statement that they found me guilty.
Mr. Stockman has described the material as routine but useful; Mr. Will called it ''boring'' and of little use.
Mr. Block has said he was using every tool available to ease the drought's impact on farmers.
Mr. Shaw is forming an Artie Shaw Orchestra, which he will own and supervise but will not play in (he said he had not touched his clarinet for more than 25 years).
I sat in the tie-up on a three-legged stool watching him milk his Holsteins as his dear voice kept time with his hands and he crooned wonderful bad poems with the elocutionary zeal of another century.
He has written 16 novels, many plays and essays and has been a vocal spokesman for the civil rights movement.
''It is because of the elections,'' Mr. Mensah said, when asked why the foreigners were expelled.
Miss Craft charged that she was dismissed because she was ''too old, unattractive and not deferential enough to men,'' qualities bearing no apparent relationship to journalistic competence.
Now the declarer finessed the heart ten, another key play.
So far, the oil industry has drilled 27 times, finding nothing in 22 of the wells, and noncommercial quantities of oil and natural gas in the rest.
One of its clauses creates a new program called the National Endowment for Democracy, which would provide grants to private organizations trying to foster democracy abroad.
By March 31 it is to recommend changes in some 30 laws that deal with testing and standards for imports.
Sohio's stock fell $2.125, to $43.625, on the Big Board.
Four numbers from ''Mary Poppins'' seem a mite too much.
But he's been around a while, and, like Smith Barney, he's earned it, in the eyes of the older whistle-skirlers.
Do as we want and buy a house, the Government said, and we'll cut your tax bill.
Units in many of the new condominiums being built in the city are being bought by individual investors who have no intention of living in them and plan to rent them until they grow in value and can be sold at a profit.
More issues finished lower than higher, but the Dow Jones industrial average edged up 4.07 points, to 1,229.27.
''I left my Randall at home,'' said Mr. Rue, adding that he felt almost naked without his sheaf knife, which had been left behind to avoid an encounter with the New York City police.
And the report on access to health services was revised again and again after the fiscally conservative Reagan appointees clashed with the largely liberal staff.
If no one claims the car by early next week, it will probably be vandalized, he said.
But Kevin S. Rosen, president of the student government, said, ''Students believe that fellow students should have the choice and the opportunity.
A total of 200 children can be accommodated in each of two sessions - one from July 11 to July 29 and the other from Aug. 1 to Aug. 19.
According to the co-producer Lee Guber, ''it will combine the best of the film and the best of the show.''
After the long climb, the cluster of cabins looks as civilized as a frontier settlement must have seemed in the 18th century.
Retroactivity Is Opposed Mr. Woodward's only reservation was that the bill should not be retroactive to Jan. 1, 1982.
The institutes, a Federal organization, are the main financing body for the nation's army of medical researchers.
A.In ''The New Orleans Restaurant Cookbook'' (Doubleday, 1976), Deirdre Stanforth writes that ''this delightful drink was invented by Henry C. Ramos, who came to New Orleans in 1888.''
The rush was at its best during the middle of the fourth quarter, on the series that followed the 49ers' go- ahead touchdown.
In childhood we thought that people on the other side of the world lived upside down.
A few ears were only three inches long and had no kernels.
Nobody went to them for distressed jeans.
City Lights Bookshop stocks them all; many of them find their way to Just Desserts, accompanying morning coffee, juice and croissants for people on their way to work.
''The Hairy Man didn't push me off a car,'' Mr. Lobo said.
Add blueberries and gradually fold in whipped cream.
When you feel good, you feel nothing.''
The Federal Communications Commission today approved a national expansion in radio and television service, including a new allotment of 1,000 FM radio stations and a technology for delivering up to five channels of movie and sports programs to residential subscribers by microwave.
Besides the company's recent investment in Rolm and Intel - two other major technology companies - he is impressed by I.B.M.
It is ''especially important'' for India's open political system, he believes, that ''workers are no longer the meek people they used to be.''
Today, New Jersey municipalities typically concentrate salt distribution on hills, intersections, main roads and ''problem areas.''
Her father is a lawyer and certified public accountant.
Asked if it was inevitable that they break out of that drought at some point, Linseman grimaced.
In these, the fastest time counts the first time around; there is no jumpoff.
With emphasis on art of the Americas as well as regional art, its collections range from pre-Columbian objects to very contemporary American paintings, and it has an active exhibition and education program.
THE ROSENBERG FILE: A Search for the Truth, by Ronald Radosh and Joyce Milton.
Division can be accomplished at almost any time during the growing season as long as roots are present on each of the knobby rhizomes.
The structure of an association is frequently similar to that of a retirement plan, with a plan document delineating coverage, eligibility and other provisions and a trust agreement dealing with the investment policy of the fund.
Jerry Finkelstein, leader of a group of dissident Chock Full stockholders, said his group opposed the Riese transaction.
The three data bases - which will be marketed to existing and new customers by Mead after June of this year - will also continue to be available to reporters and editors of The New York Times.
So far, the court has granted Manville six extensions of its deadline to submit a reorganization plan.
Before succeeding Bishop James A. Pike in 1960 as dean at St. John the Divine, he served parishes in Springfield, Mass.
This is part of the oldest road in the world, an unpaved and grassy track along a chalk ridge, first used by animals and men about 10,000 years ago at the end of the last Ice Age.
There is no public dancing, or cabarets, and little public entertainment.
But 650 people showed up, including Diana Munson, Billy Martin, Graig Nettles, Bobby Murcer, Rusty Staub, Dennis Potvin, Wayne Newton and Morgan Fairchild, and a healthy $125,000 was raised for the Association for the Help of Retarded Children.
But I have to teach them that we call trash cans dustbins; my constituents don't understand these trans-Atlantic phrases.''
In fact, the Gallo brothers probably produce more of their so-called ''chablis blanc'' in one year in Modesto, Calif., than the Chablis district yields in five years.
''We are by no means in an alarm situation,'' Mrs. Green said.
These paintings demonstrate that Caravaggio was one of the greatest realists who ever lived.
Mike Heath , the Oakland catcher, yesterday signed a three-year contract with the A's.
But Mr. Young flatly predicts success.
The Rangers, in fact, were the Islanders' first opponents ever in the playoffs.
Yet these needs relate ''only'' to quality of life.
Elsewhere, Merrill Lynch fell 4 7/8 points, to 29 3/4, reacting in part to continuing problems over its sales of single-premium deferred annuities issued by a unit of the Baldwin-United Corporation.
Some dancers command attention even when standing still.
Even though the feasibility of such nonnuclear weapons has yet to be proved, President Reagan called attention to them last week in a speech urging American scientists ''to turn their great talents'' toward developing powerful advanced missile-defense systems that could protect the United States against nuclear attack.
The company paid $500,000, which at the time was considered an extraordinarily large sum.
For information on the service between England and Norway, as well as the voyages along the coast of Norway, write to Bergen Line, 505 Fifth Avenue, New York, N.Y. 10017; 212-986-2711.
2, 4 and 6 fuel oil at substantial discounts - about 15 to 20 percent below regular commercial prices.
An estimated 500,000 people turned out here today for a peaceful mass rally to protest NATO's scheduled deployment of intermediate-range missiles.
New York Air recommends reservations, but Miss Rutter said ''we don't discourage people from simply showing up at the gate.''
Taxpayers in Jersey City provide nearly $4 million a year for the center's operation.
Daiwa Securities America Inc. is also cited as a new entrant to the market.
''Symbolic of something - God knows what.''
Not long ago in Avery Fisher Hall, a promising young trumpet player performed Haydn's Concerto in E Flat - an unusual piece in that it features a solo wind instrument and yet stands as one of the composer's important works.
Compaq's countersuit, charging Texas Instruments with trying to drive it out of the computer market, was also dropped, according to Mr. Janicke.
Mr. Casey recently promoted four men from inside the company but he is looking outside for an executive to head the new stores division.
Most of the proceeds from the bond sale will be used to build and modernize facilities at the Overlook Hospital in Summit, N.J., and to increase the number of beds.
The force also includes French, British and Italian troops, and two French paratroopers were wounded today when their armored patrol was fired on.
They were given over and over again in interviews with a variety of people who have been involved in soccer for at least a decade - in colleges, youth soccer, the N.A.S.L.
Quoting Mayakovsky, who is high in Fo's pantheon of political activists, he has warned that ''the end of satire is the first alarm bell signalling the end of real democracy.''
''We have had a lot of experience in war,'' Mr. Chanh said, ''but not in administering the affairs of a big city like this.
Three ministries each went to the Republican and Social Democratic parties and two to the Liberals.
And Aurora Aquino, his 74-year- old mother, and other family members had an active role, as well, in planning the homecoming.
Within the force goals that NATO nations agree to every two years are included what's needed to improve conventional defense and deterrence.
Only five of the tracts on the block today drew bids, in each case only one bid each.
She fell in love with him and had two children by him; the marriage lasted until Prince George's death in 1957, but it was a failure emotionally.
''It is spiritually uplifting to everyone who comes into City Hall,'' said Muriel Silberstein- Storfer, a former president of the Municipal Art Commission who still sits on the panel.
But she said she has never seen one quite like Mr. Javits's.
And, after the Islanders entered the final period with a 6-3 lead, Denis Potvin, Greg Gilbert, John Tonelli, Trottier and Mats Hallin all scored in a stretch of less than 11 minutes.
Another was to use them for chemical research.
Royal Cruise Line, 1 Maritime Plaza, Suite 660, San Francisco, Calif. 94111 (415-956-7200).
As The Times pointed out in a recent editorial, certainly conditions in El Salvador right now are at least as severe as those in Poland, if not far worse.
Although Republicans talked of fairly quick action, key Democrats saw no urgency after what they described as a fairly sluggish public reaction to the President's speech.
Stockton Whatley Davin, with a loan servicing portfolio of more than $3.9 billion, and 42 offices in Florida, Georgia and Alabama, is one of the largest mortgage banking companies in the Southeast, Boston said.
The latter seems to be the case with the Connecticut Democrats, who manage their affairs with infrequent resort to the direct primary.
Last year Miss Sweet tried moving her workshop out of her loft and into a studio down the street.
Here is what happened after one was received in a New Jersey home: The envelope contained ''official notification on being selected as a recipient in the latest awards program conducted by the department of verification, on behalf of Country Squire,'' a vacation resort complex in Lackawaxen, Pa.
Having instituted these reforms, Mr. Arafat believes he can now argue that he has already addressed the rebels' main demands for ''collective leadership'' as well as their call for a system of control to end the misuse of funds and to bring to account anyone in the organization who does not carry out his job or flees from the field of battle.
Well, maybe in her line of work that's where one starts, but why does she refuse the reviewer's responsibility to start where the book starts, in this case with a different set of assumptions, a different discourse and different goals.
Such creations should not be lightly tampered with.
In the first round, the Nets will meet either the Knicks, the Washington Bullets or the Atlanta Hawks in a two-of-three-game miniseries.
The most complicated problem, of course, is finding the funds to pay for the Regents' ambitious new set of standards.
to a lifetime ban on the management of discretionary brokerage accounts.
New Haven and New York: Ticknor & Fields.
The first race, for 3-year-olds with a $10,000 claiming tag, went in 1:10 for six furlongs, more than two full seconds, or about 20 lengths, faster than these horses usually travel.
Next week's demonstration was the winning scheme in a competition conducted among French youths by the European Space Agency, which developed the Spacelab, Europe-1, a radio station and SETI- France.
It speaks to issues of justice and equity and human rights.
''It will have a profound effect on the future of New York University.''
The Provincetown Players introduced many of O'Neill's early dramas, and in the 1950's the Circle in the Square gave renowned productions of Tennessee Williams's ''Summer and Smoke'' and O'Neill's ''A Moon for the Misbegotten'' and ''The Iceman Cometh.''
Next, we began the most arduous part of the adventure, a climb of about 80 vertical feet to the saddle of the pass.
The contract further provided that ''to insure that the value determined is fair and reasonable, the investment banking firm shall be independent of and shall not be deemed to represent either of the parties.''
This committee will be entrusted with the supervision of the implementation of all areas covered by the present agreement.
QUESTION: What was the overall record of the East against the West in both the American and National Leagues in baseball in 1982?
But George Yoss, the assistant state attorney who prosecuted the case, indicated on ABC-TV's ''20-20'' program Thursday night that Morris could be released sooner if he cooperated with the authorities.
''We don't have the same education as Canarsie.''
But next year, all ad revenue records will be broken when Sports Illustrated marks the first Summer Olympics in the United States in 52 years with an Olympics Preview issue in July.
EVERETT F. BLEILER Ridgewood, N.J., July 12, 1983
Nothing really affects you anymore, because you see so much of it every day.''
''I had always taken for granted that many other people had written about lying,'' she went on.
In particular, Miss Mills is urged to indulge in a great deal of terribly cute acting.
Construction of the second phase, which will have 2.4 million square feet, 80 percent of which will be office space, will begin in November.
Zimbabwe, a former British colony, is by its Constitution a multiparty democracy, but Mr. Mugabe has publicly served notice of his intention to create a one-party system.
A storm is considered a hurricane when sustained winds reach 74 m.p.h.
b-After a special charge of $1.5 million.
It is preposterous to claim that in the past four years Hussein has had ''four clear opportunities to negotiate the future of the West Bank.''
The process requires a kind of small pump house, two tanks and underground pipes.
However, the officials said, Attorney General William French Smith, after being advised of the findings, ruled out further Justice Department action last week on the grounds that no prosecution was likely to result and that historical inquiry was not the job of his agency.
He added that his information was preliminary and confusing.
But in the event of a nuclear holocaust, wouldn't the people of Hamelin, Calif., cancel a performance of the school play?
It said it was protesting American military presence in Lebanon and Grenada.
In September, Humberto Cardinal Medeiros of Boston died, leaving the nation's third-largest archdiocese without a head.
But in about a third of the cases there are ''wide discrepancies,'' which Mr. Malin described as $2,000 to $3,000.
''In the world of mules, there are no rules,'' he grumbled.
But as the fund's assets mushroomed - and the bank turned in a belowaverage performance - fund officials decided to bring in extra forces.
Bill Miller, Arg"uello's agent, had suggested there might have been some tampering.
They named Melvin B. Goldberg, 41, associate dean of academic affairs and a law professor, as acting dean.
The New Jersey Supreme Court will hear arguments today on when pretrial court proceedings should be closed to the public to minimize news coverage that might hurt a murder defendant's chances for a fair trial.
He brooded: ''There's only one place we haven't played - Juneau.
The DC-9 was on a flight from Dallas-Fort Worth to Toronto when it was forced to land at Cincinnati.
Grape Prices Are Down Just this week, the major wineries posted the prices they would pay vineyard owners for grapes, and everywhere the prices are substantially lower than those paid last year.
Currently, most cable companies are regulated by the municipalities in which they operate, and must appeal to local councils for rate increases and other adjustments in their original franchise agreement.
But in its time this urbane comedy about amorous mixups among Long Island's horsy set was credited with helping to bring a dash of realism into a musical theater awash with dizzy operettas and vaudevillian extravaganzas.
The Nets worked effectively throughout, rarely getting in trouble.
The Outlook noted that, in addition to certain nonrecurring costs, the ''shortfall'' in Kodak's first-quarter profits reflected ''lower foreign sales, the impact of foreign-currency translations, higher labor and material costs, and increased depreciation charges.''
Most of the students are mentally retarded, emotionally disturbed, learning-disabled or physically handicapped.
All this actually began in 1928, when Ethel T. Kloberg directed the first demonstration to this village of what her girls' physical education department could do.
''Winter's Tale'' is about ''the millennium'' - isn't all serious fiction about millenniums?
''But there is one question I would ask,'' she said.
I related more of the details.
Industrial production, which on average has slid 11.4 percent, was down 7.6 percent this recession.
In Poland, as in some other European countries, viewers pay a fee to receive television programming.
Meanwhile, the senior officers at several Texas banks said they are broadening their loan portfolios to include the state's expanding electronics industry.
At his stop in Beirut, Mr. Shultz said at an airport news conference that the efforts to obtain a withdrawal of all foreign forces on Lebanon ''are not going to be derailed.''
Costa Rica Cuba and Nicaragua also have made Costa Rica a target for subversion.
Return to Health Reflected Chysler's decision to conduct such a large stock offering reflects the return to health of an automobile manufacturer whose future was in doubt just two years ago.
The Labor Department reported earlier this month that for the first time in two years the number of people out of work for six months or longer had declined.
(Histories of the Dreyfus case, particularly in French, seem to engender two textures of rhetoric: damp sand and cement.
Allied Irish said that thereafter First Maryland would sell an additional one million new shares to it over four years at prices between 100 percent and 115 percent of book value per share.
What is clear is that Moscow continues to reject the deployment of any of the new 572 American medium-range missiles planned for deployment beginning later this year.
She was 72 years old.
The big question for the Seattle SuperSonics is David Thompson, the unsigned free agent, who fought a drug problem.
AMERICAN EXCHANGE INFLIGHT SERVICES INC.-Anthony Latessa, senior vice president, acquired 15,000 shares giving him a total of 15,000 shares.
In the Container Corporation case, the Court analyzed the unitary method of accounting and found it at least as accurate a method of allocating profits as the arm's length method.
Begin, who was believed to be confined to his home and ailing, did not present the letter of resignation in person to President Chaim Herzog.
The raid was in connection with a Federal inquiry into Mr. Matthews's role in another proposed sale of city- owned, casino-zoned land.
Officials of the Environmental Protection Agency and other agencies said there may be hundreds of hazardous waste sites where natural resources have been damaged but where claims against polluters were not filed before last Sunday's statutory deadline.
The company's president, Norman L. Greenman, told an investor seminar in Chicago that the company's net income for the fiscal second quarter, ending Saturday, would be nearly double that of the year-earlier period.
The ball at the Telfair Academy of Arts and Sciences, the oldest art museum in the South, begins at 9 P.M. at $75 a person.
When I saw my second mugging, I headed home to Philly.''
A week later, the Japanese designers stunned the audiences at the Paris shows with their renewed dedication to somber, dark clothes that shrouded the body and made no attempt to show off curves in the conventional manner.
So, today, in a drawer of the 58- year-old scholar's gray metal desk in the Marine Sciences Research Center on the Stony Brook campus, lies the prestigious medal.
Medical Report Cited The question decided by the jury was whether Mr. Rather and CBS had acted with ''reckless disregard for the truth'' when Mr. Rather held before the camera a bogus medical report, said to be of the type used in the alleged scam, and asserted ''it was signed by Dr. Carl A. Galloway, M.D.''
The 30-day yield was 7.81, up from 7.80.
''In the Northwest, it's just eight months, and in Canada and Scandinavia, it's less than that.''
He uses not only the same language, but the same money and the same passport.
Independence followed a brutal civil war of black against white, and the two principal black population groups in the country were deeply suspicious of each other for reasons of history, ethnic identity and external political connections.
Instead, he says, money should be spent to develop new weapons and to enlarge the forces.
The new proposals would take up so much time in the school day that non- academic students would not be able to fit them into their schedules, Mr. Alvarado and others are arguing.
Experts will shear sheep, wash a sheep, talk about cleaning, sorting and dyeing wool, demonstrate spinning wheels and weave a shawl.
Mr. Reinicke is a real-estate appraiser with the mortgage department of the New York Bank for Savings, now part of Goldome.
The Apollo has, of course, an accumulated aura that must overwhelm all but the most independent judgment.
The announcement that Nicaraguan youths will soon be subject to a military draft has upset many parents, and consular officers at Western embassies say there has been a surge of visa applications from families eager to send their children out of the country before the new law takes effect in October.
Oil-company campaign contributions to Representative John LeBoutillier, they informed the residents, were the second highest in the state.
when it comes to ribbing the Old Testament.
A clue to the length of Mrs. Cheney's career can be found in the different colors of her first-place awards.
Each of the Five Towns has its own station, and some trains also stop at the Gibson station between Hewlitt and Valley Stream.
* A separate audio output for playing the sound portion of a video program through an external stereo system.
The Spinning Wheel Inn has been successfully serving food and entertainment in that format for three seasons.
The price paid by the United States under the so-called Duncan-LaLonde agreement (named for the countries' top energy officials at the time) has since risen sharply, but it has never been adjusted downward despite the oversupplied American market and the fall in world oil prices.
The upward view from the valley and downward view from the summit are equally breathtaking.
One that causes controversy is the so-called Nationality Law, which bars Japanese women from passing on their nationality to their children.
officials said they expected the new fares and tolls to generate an extra $270 million.
The best part may be last.
Record Federal budget deficits threaten to make the economic recovery a short one, some of the nation's governors warned today.
The State Department official, Lawrence L. Arthur, chief of the Asylum Division of the Bureau of Human Rights and Humanitarian Affairs, said in written testimony that he was sure Mr. Xia was in no danger because the State Department had checked with the Chinese Embassy in Washington.
This insight is unlikely to astonish American audiences with its novelty.
Dr. Sartawi would have subscribed to that.
's moves seem certain to save many rail lines a lot of money, the new policies have provoked a storm of protest from boxcar owners, short-line railroads, many shippers and legislators on both sides of Capitol Hill.
In part the hostility was economic, emerging in various white American groups who began to feel competition, particularly in agriculture, the principal occupation of the immigrants.
Barberries have spiny semi-evergreen leaves, particularly Mentor barberry.
In the House, Speaker Thomas P. O'Neill Jr. was critical of President Reagan's news conference performance on Tuesday, calling him inept.
Croatia is calmer than it was 12 years ago, when a separatist movement led to a nationwide crisis.
When you're a child and people are fighting, they say, 'Go in the next room.'
''We think a lot of people will not admit to pollsters they are going to vote for Rizzo.
Their nervousness is compounded by the fact that their own jobs are so insecure; studio executives play musical chairs, thrust from the throne to the limbo of independent production at the first hint of failure.
Certainly, then, it was the passionate pride of an adoptive Edokko (child of Tokyo) that led him to undertake this book.
Still, Rubbermaid has had an annual growth rate in the 15 percent range - and for first nine months of 1983 has had a 30 percent increase in sales, to $26.8 million from $20.6 million in the same period last year.
The bride, who is a paralegal with the New York law firm of Wien, Malkin & Bettex, graduated from the University of Miami.
Most of the wares, she said, are made by Indians for their own use.
The filibuster was staged by the Democratic minority to protest what members said was unfair treatment at the hands of the Republican majority.
And what do certain critics complain of?
The conclusion obvious to all was that ''in the atmosphere of American racism even Booker T. Washington was lynchable.''
A Jew has a slim chance in the world.''
But there's a point in time I have to stand up on my own and stop trying to make everybody else happy.''
Maurice Spear became president of the company in 1928.
But there is no housing for those of middle ($22,000 to $42,000) income.
Doug Woodman says they are dipped in milk, and then into a corn-flour mixture that is sifted every 15 minutes.
Justice Leggett evidently was not speaking about himself, because he has served only two years of his 14-year term on the Supreme Court, and he characterized the other complaints as minor.
The two men escaped in the stolen car.
The strength of the dollar also has hurt export sales, the company said.
The effect: a sharp, although temporary, plunge in its stock price.
''I told them at Gannett that if anybody was going to buy The Tribune, I wanted it to be me,'' Mr. Maynard said.
Noting a ''very close relationship'' between heroin and organized crime, he said heroin trafficking amounted to ''billions of dollars'' and provided ''a major source of income for organized crime.''
But to their credit, Mr. Pepper and a majority of the House have voted for a Social Security rescue plan that would both reduce benefits and increase taxes.
It gives his attorney reason to ask the court to delay or possibly drop the trial.''
''Someday I'll leave here,'' Concepcion said.
Word of it spread rapidly through the huge exhibit hall late Saturday afternoon and today, evoking heated discussion and comment.
To explain Australia's deepening recession, analysts here generaly point to the high wage settlements won by unions when Australia was swept up in the optimism of the resources boom.
While the new reformers agree on the need for a stronger base of required subjects, they also subscribe to the progressive idea of giving students choices, as in magnet schools that emphasize such special fields of interest as science, the arts and humanities.
''He kept telling me I wasn't playing sloppy enough.''
The network said the order was sent from Rome on Wednesday to the Apostolic Delegation in Washington, the Vatican's diplomatic mission, for relay to Sister Agnes's religious order, the Sisters of Mercy.
''Fortunately, we were able to help,'' said Mr. Shackman, who in 1973 began the first sex-therapy clinic in the state at United Hospital in Newark.
If Allen were to be outbid, it has the right to buy 3.34 million shares at $31, giving it a profit of $26.7 million.
And the latter portion is expanding because the city, again like the country itself, is steadily becoming more accustomed to foreigners.
That's the position that appears to be the Reagan Administration's official policy on affirmative action; it represents a sweeping reversal - not just of the department's 1974 position in the Boston case, but of the policy developed by the Federal Government through four separate Administrations and out of the long years of the civil rights struggle.
285 All-Day Kindergartens The Chancellor said he did not anticipate anything but support for the concept of full-day kindergartens.
The increase was the biggest since August 1975, when production rose 2.2 percent as the economy was emerging from the recessionary period that began in late 1973.
The restriction had been brought to the court's attention by Mr. DeLorean's lawyers last December in an attempt to get bail reduced.
The loans now represent about three-quarters of the bank's total nonperforming commercial loans.
If the Long commission report is critical, the individual services can their own internal investigations or proceed directly with mild, nonlegal forms of punishment, such as transfering officers or including critical information in fitness reports.
Command Post Is at School Because of national publicity in the past few weeks, the efforts of Mr. Kolatch, Mr. Welner, and their colleagues - several dozen of them - have begun to bear fruit.
When he finally hangs some pictures on his wall, Representative Mc-Closkey will put up a framed copy of the first opinion poll he commissioned after deciding to challenge Joel Deckard, the two-term Republican incumbent.
The island moves into view like a ship, certainly, but a ship with a strong beak to it.
They see their destiny at stake, and neither a palsied hand nor an itchy fist controlling it from Washington is reassuring.
...Her breast and buttocks were quite small, though her hips were not narrow.
Often Jones has been used as a tandem with Derrick Gaffney, shuttling in plays from the bench.
For all of 1982, sales by manufacturers, wholesalers and retailers fell 3.1 percent, the most since the 3.2 percent decline in 1954.
But when the syndrome was reported in humans, Dr. Maul and his colleagues realized there could be a connection.
As a result, St. John's was allowed to remain in what the committee described as its ''natural'' region, the East, while Virginia was chosen to bolster the West regional.
The competency test by itself prevents no more than six or seven students a year in White Plains from getting their diplomas.
In one televised program, rock groups offered such numbers as ''Stop, Mr. Reagan, Stop, Stop, Stop'' and folk singers sang ''We Shall Overcome'' against backdrops of nuclear explosions and United States fighter planes taking off from aircraft carriers.
Once Managua decided that it wanted a resolution, it was forced to yield on the final draft.
But neither did they leave their political convictions at the door when they walked into the Endowment.
It is also given to her to say, ''You were the best thing that ever happened to me.''
With the great desegregation victories for which they fought side by side echoing like distant memories, two nationally prominent civil rights organizations clashed in court today in dubious battle over five initials.
Then he sent Cliff Branch over the middle on a ''curl'' pattern.
''He wanted me to comment that I would not do anything at the ceremony.
''That was the phoniest Mickey Mouse economic analysis that ever went on record,'' said Richard D. DeLauer, Under Secretary of Defense for Research and Engineering.
Then every time I get on top of the hill.
He is also a designer and regards his restaurant as his own sumptuous stage setting.
The industry was miffed by the aggressive promotion that Korn/Ferry did to get itself noticed, as well as Mr. Korn's tendency to criticize blithely the habits of the rest of the industry.
Meldrim Thomson Jr. of New Hampshire.
''I saw him before he left Friday and he was in good health and he seemed to have endured the trip well.
Tina had to find a new home because the Central Park Zoo is being remodeled and all of its animals are being moved.
Dr. Marcolongo emphasizes, however, that chagas, though mainly confined to residents in Latin America, can be and has been contracted by hikers, campers, archeologists, geologists and bird watchers, among others.
And that hinges on the Government's ability to create opportunity and hope - jobs and schools.
Mrs. Moss's team gained 21 international match points, the largest single step on their road to victory.
Not Full-Blooded Thatcherite The new Defense Minister is likely to be at the very center of political debate this year.
Mr. Sussan and the other members of the film unit encountered ''destruction as far as the eye could see -utter silence - not a person to be seen.''
In addition to the modest cross-country circuit at the area, there is unlimited wilderness touring and a variety of excursions into the mountains.
* Maximum rateSalomon Brothers estimates for bellwether issues
b-Including a tax credit of $1,070,000 for the quarter and a net gain of $1,207,000, or 30 cents a share, for the year from the cumulative effect of a change in accounting.
I don't mind if they found somebody special to make an improvement with, but I have not seen a lot of that.''
A bad deal for taxpayers, who pay $680 per month ($70 in welfare, $610 in ''Section 8'') for a one-bedroom apartment in a marginal area in Brooklyn.
Strong Local Support As for customer loyalty, not many banks in the country could fill an auditorium with supporters as the Midland bank did at a rally before its collapse early last week.
Use malathion and be sure to apply spray under leaves.
Shearson/American Express sold $50 million of 63-day paper at an average rate of 9.807 percent, down from 9.937 percent a week ago.
''I'm very afraid, and I am not the only one,'' she said.
Clustering the flag and statue together at the side would create ''the front door, the major entrance, the first impression'' to the memorial, he added.
Mr. Barrault's agent, Patricia MacNaughton, said later that she would not be surprised if this marked his last performance in England.
''Oh yes, it would,'' countered West.
The Australians went on to clinch the series that afternoon by defeating Victory 83 of Britain.
On all sides, men who had rejected Issam Sartawi in life praised him in death.
The rain date for all activities is Aug. 20.
The working woman should like a coat dress in pretty colors of rayon linen, buttoned in black ($89), or a onebutton suit made with a cardigan neckline in colors such as bright red, white and lavender ($154).
The following account is based primarily on a summary that I set to paper immediately upon returning to my hotel.
These, he said, could include withdrawal of troops from Lebanon or ''confidence-building measures'' in territory occupied by Israel, specifically, a ''moratorium on settlements'' in the West Bank and Gaza.
In the meantime, he said, the company is experiencing higher demand, and receiving higher prices, for its used cars.
As a rule, writers are not the most outgoing sort of people.
''Our co-op conversion was an unusually long and involved process,'' Mr. Udell said.
When Mr. Kroll said, ''We don't do that type of work,'' the man told him, according to Mr. Kroll, ''I'm going to stab you in the heart.''
Last July, Miss Lavelle was found not guilty of charges of contempt of Congress, stemming from her failure to appear to testify under subpoena before the House Commerce Committee's investigations subcommittee.
Before bursting into prominence as one of the four zanies in the now-classic British comedy revue, ''Beyond the Fringe,'' he was a student of music and an organ scholar at Oxford.
Both parkways, which have been on the drawing boards in some form for decades and appear closer to construction than ever, have pitted upper-middle-class homeowners against business interests.
Mr. Burg's son, Avraham, who was taking part in the anti-Government demonstration, was lightly wounded, as were two policemen.
Estiarte is 5 feet 10 inches and 172 pounds.
He urged that they express their views about the Administration's defense program.
There are all sorts of duck blind denizens, and the least attractive is he who abhors silence, who must subject you to a tedious litany of flaccid jokes or a vehement monologue on how state and Federal government giveaway programs have vitiated the work ethic that made this country great.
But he was never coached a No.1 team until today.
The image is not in the least arty.
''We have said that it would not be proposed until we received the spending reductions in the the President's budget.
The Schubert, transcribed for clarinet from the archaic stringed instrument, retains, in part because of the remarkably clear recording, some of the plaintive tone of the original instrument.
Government lawyers argued that Federal officials should now be allowed to examine all records in the sad and increasingly complicated case of Baby Jane.
Gorky Park, Mr. Smith wrote, ''was the only place in the city where you could fantasize''; in another passage, he described it as ''the purest heart of the city.''
Mr. Wien, a lawyer and philanthropist whose $3 million gift in the spring of 1982 started the fund-raising for a new football stadium, made the pledge to Athletic Director Al Paul during the Lions' 1-0 overtime loss to Indiana in the National Collegiate Athletic Association championship game here Saturday night.
One night, May, a voluptuous young American who has the kind of gigantic breasts that young boys draw inside school notebooks, gets drunk and slips into Oliviero's bed to rest her eyes.
Of course, those functional details that survived the war are what give the trench coat its stylish allure and practical appeal.
The New York City Board of Education yesterday selected Deputy Mayor Robert F. Wagner Jr. to serve as the 14th chief administrator of the country's largest public school system.
In exchange for Zungul, a forward, the Arrows are getting another forward, Gordon Hill, and a midfielder, Gary Etherington.
Letters should be addressed to The Editor, Long Island Weekly Section, The New York Times, 229 W. 43d Street, New York, N.Y. 10036.
A biography of the Communist-hunting late Senator from Wisconsin.
The Campaign Against Nuclear War, a disarmament group in Washington, said that ABC was ''doing a $7 million advertising job for our issue.''
Compares Selling Points ''They are selling tranquility of life in North Carolina,'' he said.
Half of the money was earmarked for projects in New York City.
Bob Hope left on a military cargo plane today for his first overseas U.S.O.
Unhappily, despite the thousands of laws enacted by our Legislature, there is not a single statute under which Western Electric can be indicted for ruining the lives of 4,000 people, their families and their community.
As a result, the Environmental Protection Agency announced that it would conduct a complete analysis of the presence of dioxins in Midland.
Mr. Watts, at 36, still plays such splashy pieces with the brio of innocent youth, which is not the worst way to approach them by any means.
He epitomized to people all over the world the qualities they desire in a leader.''
However, diplomats said South Korea was secretly delighted by the incident and would probably shorten the sentences.
The teams each received the equivalent of 80 first-class round-trip fares between their cities and Los Angeles.
''My dad's been wearing it all day long,'' Mullen said, smiling.
William Harris, the self-styled revolutionary who went to prison after pleading guilty to the 1974 kidnapping of Patricia Hearst, is working within the system these days.
And we're into the new technologies,'' Mr. Bennack said.
He then drove to a Manhattan orthotist, who fitted him for an orthotic, a special insert that will be placed in his basketball shoe to redistribute the forces that go through his ankle and foot.Finally, he visited Dr. Norman Scott, the Knicks' team doctor, who took precautionary X-rays of the ankle.
Now some members of E.T.A.
It seeks no better mousetrap but only better understanding.
''Now, I can't go out and outman or outfight my opponents every time.
Mr. Casau's garbure arrives, first of all, as a soup: a soothing, thick version - local lore insists that the spoon must stand upright - of beans, potatoes, cabbage and the pleasing contrast of cauliflower.
Jones coached San Diego of the American Basketball Association in 1973.
The 55,000-word report set off a political furor in Mr.
His father is a foreman at the Atlite Electric Corporation in Brooklyn.
Hempstead Turnpike, which runs east- west through the center of Levittown, is the main street for business and entertainment.
On the contrary, Ellen is only 33 years old.''
William M. Kunstler, the defense lawyer whom Judge Hoffman cited for contempt for his conduct, called him ''a sad figure'' who had been ill-used by the Federal law-enforcement officials intent upon convictions.
''That's why this new league is different.
Earnings Hurt by Weather Two years of freezing winters have hurt its earnings.
Revenues fell 8.9 percent, to $4.1 billion from $4.5 billion.
But I probably wouldn't have gone out of my way to travel there if a book I wrote hadn't found its way into print abroad.
The trade union and campesino movements of El Salvador have proven that they have come of age and are a political force to be reckoned with.
On one hand, the archdiocese is a seat of activism, from Auxiliary Bishop Peter Rosazza's advocacy of a nuclear-weapons freeze to protests and vandalism of the Electric Boat shipyard in the adjacent Norwich diocese.
''We are not building missiles to fight a war,'' Mr. Reagan said.
Decreases on PATH The destinations of the 280 or so other emergency buses are the PATH terminals at Pennsylvania Station in Newark and at Journal Square in Jersey City.
If I put it out in front of me, he'll just take it away from me.''
And there is Sol LeWitt's group of prints portraying geometric figures, whose logorrheic captions evoke the full, nightmarish horror of a sophomore math class.
Mr. King has described EDB as a carcinogen, and Federal researchers say it has caused tumors and other serious defects in laboratory animals.
All three stocks, incidentally, were among hospital management issues that the Medical Technology Fund recently added to already existing positions in its portfolio.
Building Systems is betting heavily that those fees will enhance its profit picture.
As a boy of eight, Mr. Baruch had been taken by steamer to visit a great-aunt who lived on Pawleys Island, and he never forgot the tales told him by the captain of the game hunting on Waccamaw Neck.
These, he said, started in July of that year and were carried out by RC-135 planes.
The funds' managers see opportunity for market profits in a world increasingly oriented to technological change.
Professor Mueller believes that the tactics of some of the protesters, with flag burnings and anti-American slogans, actually undercut their credibility with the public.
But no one seems to labor a point, familiar to travelers to other Indian Ocean islands, of perceived South African iniquities in the region, because South Africa, which has a consulate here, supplies grain and meat and spare parts, and anyhow, they seem to be saying, ''This is not Africa, and that is not our affair.''
He has been appearing recently at Tramps under the name Buster Poindexter, singing some of his favorite rock and soul oldies.
After Mr. Teate's dump truck slid off the road, he said, he ran into the woods.
The ruling Baath Party's daily paper, Al Baath, dismissed Mr. McFarlane's tour as a political exercise designed to obtain a second term in the White House for President Reagan.
It is a routine bit of mathematics.
Such discontent is a far cry from the optimism of March 1973, when the West's major nations abandoned nearly three decades of ''fixed'' exchange rates under the Bretton Woods system from 1944 to 1971 and a short-lived attempt to continue fixed rates without gold convertibility.
The World Boxing Association yesterday granted its lightweight champion, Ray Mancini, another 180 days, until Nov. 13, for a title defense against Kenny Bogner.
Mr. Baker's comments were the first public acknowledgement by the Reagan Administration of what had been indicated privately, namely that Mr. Reagan would make concessions to improve the chances of the commission's success.
His system is to look at 48 technical market indicators, which he tallies under the heading, ''Weight of the Evidence.''
Mr. Cronkite probably was right, too.
He was talking about Steve Rogers, who scattered nine hits until he was replaced by Jeff Reardon with two out in the ninth.
Allnet Communications Services Inc. was formerly named Combined Network Inc.
Yesterday, Williams came off the bench to take on the world, including 7-foot Patrick Ewing.
On April 28 the House voted, 386 to 22, to defy the subpoena, rejecting the validity of any judicial order over the legislative branch.
Thus an official had scrawled ''please influx'' over Simon Magqazana's application, even though he had a birth certificate and school records, because his name was not listed on the permit issued to his parents when they got their house in the township of Soweto in 1960.
The Reagan Administration suspended the lottery system earlier this month, but the suspension comes up for review in November.
'Impact Is Going to Be Heavy' ''I want to establish the principle of Federal responsibility, which is greater than state responsibility because the Nuclear Regulatory Commission licenses the plants,'' Mr. Cuomo said.
In ''Janus: A Summing Up'' (1978) he argued that man is an entity that is greater than the sum of its parts.
Darryl Sutter, the Black Hawks' captain, broke his ribs three weeks ago and has been playing wearing a plastic-and-foam flak jacket similar to those worn by some football quarterbacks.
''When it comes to messy politics and real world institutions, much of that does not lend itself to formal economic modeling,'' he said.
Eighteen months ago, he moved to Connecticut with his wife, Jeannette, (who is now the Hartman's new subscription manager) and two cats.
He said that the union planned to bring the issue before the court at a hearing scheduled for next Friday on the question of issuing an injunction against a strike.
However, Viviane's plan to insure a doubly royal heir for Arthur goes awry: She selects Morgaine as the priestess-virgin to be deflowered in the primitive ritual Arthur must carry out to become king.
There is some uncertainty about how the Seaport will establish itself in the life of the city, how it will fit into a New York that has many competing attractions.
In light of our country's perilous economic situation, we need all of the quality help we can get.
Mr. Koch was joined at the news conference by Senator Alfonse M. D'Amato, Republican of New York, who has been involved in negotiating the city's takeover of the brig.
''The state will be broke a week from tomorrow,'' Mr. Unruh said, adding, ''Nobody is willing to lend the state any more money until a firm financial plan is in place.''
These types of abuse may occur in prosperous families as well as poor ones, the researchers suggest.
So long as you remember it's the bottom of the ninth inning and you're the home team so you'll get your turn at bat, you can learn to shrug your shoulders and keep yourself from being a killer for real or imagined wrongs.''
Sohn was in Lenox Hill Hospital in Manhattan after left-knee surgery, maintaining that coming back ''will be hard, but it won't be impossible.''
The Pope celebrated mass at an outdoor altar at the airport.
Many Lebanese are postponing every decision they can to consume, hire or invest.
The interior of the Music Hall has been declared a national landmark, so actual alterations for acoustical purposes are either difficult or illegal.
''It is a disgrace for this tax to be introduced at this point, when the theater industry is struggling to keep its head above water,'' said Joseph Papp, head of the Public Theater.
The allies don't know what to make of him, or what to do without him.
As their markets grew, so too would jobs.
Tempos almost uniformly are faster.
New Rochelle, by the way, boasts a large concentration of movie houses, eight of them downtown, seven on one block of Main Street.
''It's a great piece of music,'' says Mr. Schwarz.
At the Abyssinian Baptist Church, the scene was rich with Easter color: dozens of children dressed in pink and blue (ribbons and skirts and bonnets) and an altar decked with carnations, tulips and lilies.
Ways to add years to your life and life to your years: a popularly written medical-science book.
DelBello said he was ''especially pleased with the way it turned out.''
Miss O'Brien declined to identify Tiger's major banks and institutional lenders.
He noted that the environmental quality bond funds could only be allocated as seed money and would have to be granted to the municipality rather than through the private company.
When this next one does, perhaps it will learn more about history, youth and Nov. 22, 1963.
But President Shagari's evident distaste for flamboyance and confrontation is also one of the reasons that, although he is the leader of the fourth largest democracy in the world, he has so far remained relatively obscure.
Such indifference to patrons' needs could well trigger the response, ''We do not choose to return.''
Smith chain with 351 branches sells some 50 million books a year; and newsdealers and tobacconists are responsible for selling about one out of every six paperbacks.
Johnnie Jones, the only Tennessee player to rush for more than 1,000 yards in a season, scored twice on short runs barely two minutes apart early in the fourth quarter tonight to give the Volunteers a 30-23 victory over Maryland in the Florida Citrus Bowl.
Seven score wry observations on the Washington scene by the syndicated columnist.
In a telephone interview, Mr. Galliner said self-censorship was practiced by the press in many countries.
He played ''pretty much every day,'' he said.
''If you do it for police, then you would probably have to do it for everyone else in the training mode, including civilians.''
The vegetables - onions, potatoes, tomatoes or squash, for example -are cored.
- a brushy bit of painting in which a terrified male face, hair on end, is clamped between two ominous hills fronted by a row of bent spikes.
A third noted that Europeans realized, but Americans did not seem to, that several European countries now have a higher gross national product per capita than America; that transportation, the postal and public education systems often operated more effectively there than here; that many European managers worked harder than their American counterparts.
Standard Logic rose 1 1/8, to 6 3/8, after the company announced a public offering of 1.25 million common shares at $5 a share.
''We expect to spend between $150 million and $160 million this year through our five operating groups.''
When Conny Karlsson, one of Toronto's defenders, attempted to block Beckenbauer's way, the elegant West German sweeper pushed the ball between Karlsson's legs and accelerated past him and then used the outside of his right foot to beat the goalkeeper, Jan Moller.
Mrs. Lewis, the social worker, has written a workbook for children, ''All About Families, the Second Time Around'' ($10.55, from the Child Guidance Clinic in Atlanta), that is intended to be read and discussed with the new stepparent.
After his forced retirement last June, Murcer was a member of the broadcasting team, but without compensation in addition to his $380,000-a-year guaranteed playing contract and without responsibilities on the radio.
The doors of the theater will open at 11:45 A.M.
Instead of winning adherents, they were in danger of alienating their audience.
Mr. Scricciolo is in jail on charges of espionage and terrorism.
Nearly half of the 1981 visitors' sample were employed as professionals or executives, and 16 percent were students.
Because of this, and because he is so talented, disciplined, well trained and well managed, it is not a surprise that he has dominated the Paris couture -the entire fashion world - for years.
It has been many years since that droll Centurion, the late and revered Richard Rovere, invented the phrase ''American establishment'' as a spoof, and the fact that platitudinarians now solemnly employ it to express their envy gives the final edge to his jest.
Atlanta is the nation's third most popular convention city.
The amendment was designed by the Democratic leadership and some Republicans to pick up the votes needed to approve the bill, which would increase this nation's contribution to the I.M.F.
guerrillas from Beirut last year, Administration officials said today.
''This conforms to our policy of making restorations that can be undone by our followers.''
''Instead they were American wards placed in a state of servitude and seals were still the first class citizens.''
Sandinista Meets Bishops The Sandinistas made what was taken as a new gesture of conciliation toward the Roman Catholic hierarchy Tuesday.
It is difficult these days to imagine that, in the mid-19th century, knights were held superior to bishops.
Without further discussion, another vote to reduce the number of candidates to six finalists was taken.
In Kirghizia, as elsewhere in Central Asia, pressures against unmonitored religious observances have taken other, more direct forms.
''I know - maybe we should assign 6 points to each goal, like they do for a touchdown in football,'' he said.
In the past, tenant groups have charged that landlords have abused the law to evict tenants on the grounds of personal use.
My house and office were quite a distance from the old basketball courts of my teen-age triumphs.
Tiny Arisugawa Park near the Hiro-o subway station is a pleasant neighborhood spot and, for fees of 65 to 80 cents, there are the splendid Shinjuku Gyoen and Rikugien gardens.
School officials say the problem of chronic absenteeism is enormously complex.
Those are the questions that are now my personal and professional concern.
Saying that Mr. Reagan had spoken ''hypocritically'' when deploring violence to solve international conflicts, Tass cited Lebanon, Chad, El Salvador and other nations as proof.
Shops at the United Nations If one gathered up the crafts in bazaars all over the globe, the results would be very like the gift shops in the lower level of the General Assembly building at the United Nations.
With a little imagination, it is still a scene re-enacted every fall on Long Island with the departure of the summer crowd.
Rafts rent for $9 per person on weekdays and $12 per person on weekends.
So merely for the difference between three and seven on-site inspections, Dr. Long said in a recent discussion at the Kennedy Library, "a great chance" was missed - because American nuclear technology was far superior to that of the Russians in 1963, and because a C.T.B.
More emphasis on a reconciliation process among Lebanese factions, but no magical formula for doing this.
Mr. Rudenstine said a 12.6 percent increase was necessary because university costs in some areas were rising faster than the general rate of inflation.
A Faltering Relationship Central America has further frayed the already faltering relationship between Mr. Moynihan and Mr. Podhoretz.
The committee also said that James C. Howarth, a supervisor of House pages, ''engaged in a sexual relationship with a 17-year-old female in 1980'' and had purchased cocaine in a Democratic cloakroom.
''Without the support of the United States, the gangs from Honduran territory could not threaten the revolution in Nicaragua,'' the notice said.
Turner - will be offered in sales of 19thcentury European paintings, drawings and watercolors next week at Sotheby Parke Bernet, York Avenue and 72d Street, and at Christie's, Park Avenue and 59th Street.
But the child can put any name desired on the papers.
A 4,000-word editorial, to be published Sunday in Pravda, was distributed in advance by Tass, the press agency.
Justice Rehnquist also stressed an ''essential feature,'' that the Minnesota law provides a tax deduction ''that is only one among many deductions, such as those for medical expenses and charitable contributions, available under the Minnesota tax laws.''
Congress voted today to override a Presidential veto of legislation giving 3.1 acres of federally owned land to Oregon families who believed for decadees they owned it.
Everyone's going to be surprised this year at players who will run who pitchers think won't run.''
From collecting garbage to milking cows to punching computer keys, there is dignity in labor.
''Tenants almost all believe landlords are thieves.
''But this is just a throwing out of bait fish so that no one will worry themselves with the sharks.''
But he has recently tried to appear more moderate.
He stands 5 feet 7 inches and weighs 160 pounds, but he is strong.
Studies after the elections showed that two-thirds of the 2.2 million West Germans who voted for the iconoclastic Greens were under the age of 35, and that the upstart party polled about 20 percent of such votes in university towns and industrial centers, where new trends tend to be born.
On the other hand, in a case such as this, maybe our only hope is to have people see what was put on the air and to have some sense of what it took to develop and report the story.
In Zurich, bullion closed at $416.25 an ounce, up from $415.75 on Thursday but down from $423.25 last Friday.
The State of New Mexico, the City of New York and Knoxville, Tenn., are among the political jurisdictions shopping for new voting technology.
Attendance has been slightly worse this year.
After three years, there is some question as to whether Faust can coach at the college level.
Second, the war between Iran and Iraq, the hostility between Iraq and Syria, Syria and Jordan, Moslems and Christians, along with the Saudis' paranoia, have nothing to do with Palestinians and Israel.
The company previously had said it would require additional funding in order to continue minimal operations.
''The White House bias is to the institutional needs of television, not necessarily the needs of the reporters who cover the White House for the networks,'' said Bill Plante.
With a brief introduction by David Bowie, the singer and actor, ''The Snowman'' tells, with no dialogue, the story of a country boy who builds a snowman, which comes to life in a dream.
(Television -Sports@Channel, 8 P.M. Radio -WMCA, 570; WVNJ, 620; WGBB, 1240; WALK-FM, 97.5, 8 P.M.).
Tucker, the top draft choice, after a slow start, has been shooting well.
In six previous seasons, he has been in the final series three times - in 1977, 1980 and again last year.
Determined to find an apartment in Garmisch for lease during the Christmas season of 1980, and having had no luck in locating one, either through our travel agent or through various international rental agents, we were delightfully surprised to find an excellent brochure at the German National Tourist Office listing every possible rental accommodation in Garmish-Partenkirchen, including apartments.
But the clinic never got past the paper stage after Federal funds for such social-service programs were eliminated.
Mr. Weinberger, who has been a vigorous supporter of the zero option, said he was delighted at the strength and unity shown of the alliance.
''I don't think its a nasty type of competition,'' Mr. Landschulz said of the jockeying for the top jobs at Sears.
Can events during the war be interpreted in the light of the Communists' postwar detention of 50,000 to 100,000 former supporters of the Saigon regime in ''re-education'' camps, the corruption and economic mismanagement by Communist officials, the invasion of Cambodia, the persecution of Vietnam's large Chinese ethnic minority and the flight of the boat people?
But he was, especially when he lamented the way news coverage of the Oscars always singles out the costumes of the presenters.
They flashed it again last Tuesday, in a 5-2 home victory over the Buffalo Sabres and again Saturday night when they won a second straight game, beating the Quebec Nordiques, 6-1, at home.
It is chock-full of unexpected twists and turns, although initially Mr. Thacker seems to be heading into an evening of material that would appeal primarily to his show-business friends.
''I guess I've got to credit a lot to Lou,'' Kemp said afterward, referring to Piniella, the team's hitting coach.
No motive for the double suicide was given, according to the spokesman, Sgt.
all the way down the line.''
This week, Mr. Spinrad returned to a Columbia caught up in computer mania.
A television correspondent shrieked and cursed at an Army captain that his film would not make the evening news.
Of course, other analysts say that the danger of rising interest rates is so great that investors should resist the temptation to improve their current return through purchases of longer dated notes and bonds.
Dr. Adler was a high school dropout, too.
After the slow rhythms of August, this is the week the pace of Washington normally begins to quicken.
To the Editor: Joseph Rauh's fantasy of rebuilding F.D.R.
By raising oil prices too high, the Organization of Petroleum Exporting Countries spawned competition, conservation and ultimately eroded their own profits.
To begin with, not all companies have computer systems compatible with the S.E.C.
The widely known benefits of bank cards include the convenience and safety of not carrying currency, broad-scale acceptibility either locally or when traveling and the ability to obtain instant credit.
The area, which is in White County, also has a number of small farms.
Mr. Neger, chairman of the mathematics department at the Trumbull, Conn., High School, graduated from the University of Bridgeport.
Landfill Tours, New York City Department of Sanitation, 566-0922.
Mr. Auchter added that Mr. White's memorandum pointed to the difficulties such an action would have in a court of law.
The second son, Louis, was stabbed twice in the abdomen.
But what it probably does mean is that, at 57, the Senate majority leader has no intention of sticking around here for the next eight years trying to pull Mr. Reagan's chestnuts out of the fire against an opposition Democratic Party and a divided Republican Party.
It is ironical but not coincidental that the recently introduced Republican- sponsored bill to withhold child-support payments from paychecks, the way other legal obligations can be withheld, would do more for women (and their male as well as female children) than any of these local or merely symbolic (sexist language) or glamorously horrifying (battered wives) issues that seem to interest her more.
The legs give out, the intensity goes.
What can I do to prevent this?
The summer he died, I was 19.
Younger had requested that part of the proceedings that day be moved from the courtroom to the privacy of a nearby jury room, on the ground that that part involved a ''personal'' matter relating to the Margiotta family.
''This,'' said the owner who told of the vote and did not wish to be identified, ''gives the committee the authority to hire somebody and gives the committee and the candidate the ability to finalize everything without going through the glare of publicity.''
sack leader is on the second team?''
Earlier this month, Consolidated Freightways, which has made more than 100 acquisitions on its way to becoming one of the nation's largest trucking concerns, decided against what would have been its biggest purchase ever, a $63 million offer for Air Express International.
The academy is at 1083 Fifth Avenue, between 89th and 90th Streets.
Tensions at the Westmoreland plant were already high, thanks to the sales slump that has eliminated a shift and 1,500 workers.
My favorite is this: ''His First Piano Concerto, like the first pancake, is a flop.''
''The discussion we just had indicated we are going through it all over again,'' said Alfred J. Stein, chairman and chief executive officer of VLSI Technology, a semiconductor company.
A three-course dinner with wine is likely to average $22 a person, including tax and tip.
As beautiful as they were this past summer, begonias, petunias, browallias and ivy geraniums attract insects, especially white flies and red spiders.
1, but in the back of my mind, I didn't think I'd ever get there.
The Army said it had given an $82.6 million contract to the Magnavox Government and Industrial Electronic Company for high-frequency radios.
We have no words as persuasive as the reality of the proposed missiles.
On Lake Ontario, there will be a further reduction of 1,200 tons per year, from the current amount of 8,210 to 7,000.
PETER E. GOLDMAN, Director, Americans for a Safe Israel New York, March 7, 1983
He wore a light brown jacket with a white shirt, dark tie and maroon slacks.
Already the Court's effort to rewrite the rules of death penalty appeals has introduced unpredictability into the process, something that the Court's capital punishment opinions have enjoined the states to avoid.
Boeing sources said this was the going price at the time.
IT would take an investor with a truly long-term orientation to get excited over prospects for the railroad equipment industry.
So-called nonsponsored PAC's, which have no company or association sponsor, can have any name they want.
More than $10 a month of the expected increases would result from two surcharges that the local companies will be able to levy as a result of A.T.& T.'s divestiture.
The Philippines, which has foreign debts of $24 billion, wants loans totaling between $7 billion and $8 billion to be restructured.
He replaced Kevin Loughery, who resigned Monday and signed a three-year contract to coach the Chicago Bulls yesterday.
Adams fumbled six times and lost four.
He is taking over the reins of the House Rules Committee, a far stronger panel, in the new Congress.
The report said that in June 1950 General Taylor told United States civilian officials in Germany, who were seeking Mr. Barbie in connection with a French extradition request, that Mr. Barbie's employment as a spy had been discontinued and that the Army did not know his whereabouts.
She added that her organization would join other groups now trying to gain support for the county's request that the Nuclear Regulatory Commission immediately terminate the hearings and deny Lilco a license to operate the Shoreham plant.
We will be happy if 10 of them show up for the race,'' he said.
The vases are $800 to $2,000.
Last winter the average stay for a displaced family was two months, but this winter it has been almost twice that.
By the time the game had ended, Strawberry had raised his batting average, Orosco had lowered his earned run average, and the Mets had a 4-3 victory over the Giants.
Mr. St Germain has insisted that he cannot cement a House coalition in favor of the I.M.F.
Goshen's 160-member volunteer Fire Department and the Fire Departments in nearby towns have practiced drills for multiple fires, bomb scares or bombings, Mayor Holden said.
But, asks Pat Connolly, ''What about our No.
Bishop Reilly, whose diocese includes the Electric Boat submarine construction division in Groton, voiced a similar view.
Joseph Vera, Acting Director of H.U.D.
Frost recalled that in 1982, as chairman of the United States Chamber of Commerce, Mr. Thayer supported a revenue-raising bill backed by the Reagan Administration and opposed by the chamber's board of directors.
Mr. Commissiona theorized that Houston failed to patronize music because the city has been too busy growing and because it was so spread out that it was difficult for people to reach the concert hall.
Thus, despite four weeks of testimony from 88 prosecution witnesses, and only two for the defense, that apparently crucial and persuasive testimony was lacking in Florida.
''We are all going to die, and a few of us are going to die badly,'' said Mr. Humphry.
The ace of spades was cashed, leaving this position: NORTH S - H J 10 D - C Q 10 WEST EAST S 10 S 9 H K Q H - D Q D A J 10 C - C - SOUTH S - H 9 3 D K C 4 South played his diamond king, throwing a heart from the dummy.
Schwartz had known nothing about this allegedly corrupt activity or about the inquiry, which was conducted not by the department's own internal affairs unit but by the Federal Bureau of Investigation.
In Saturday night's game, Winfield missed a pitch by Jack Morris, and the bat flew out of his hands and sailed into the box seats.
computer components from agents posing as consultants.
''That hasn't happened,'' the official responded.
Do you know where I can purchase it already shredded?
It is still good but firmer.
The originator was Jim Dunlap, and it has been endorsed by Jim Wood, who described it in a recent issue of the magazine The Bridge World.
The plight of the housing authority in this port town 60 miles north of Charleston illustrates some of the problems local housing authorities are having over the country trying to find somewhere to house the poor, the elderly and the handicapped.
On right wing, Allison has been playing with Andersson, who is normally not a big scorer but has surprised people this training camp with three goals and two assists in three games.
Under the concept, developers of office buildings and luxury housing would contribute to a fund for housing and possibly other needs in the city's poorer neighborhoods.
It is negotiating to buy some of the British Broadcasting Corporation shows, including dramatic series, still in the vaults of RCTV, The Entertainment Channel's parent.
Until the end, this comedy is mostly static, jokey chatter, and, with little else happening, even the writer's pungent language can become tiresome.
The absence of the defensive end Kenneth Sims for a minimum of four weeks with a fractured fibula.
Improving attendance, improving instruction and the prevention of dropping out are are all connected.
A lower court set aside their convictions last April on the ground the machine was unreliable.
The result was flawless - if you'll pardon the cliche, just like the cheese Grandmother use to make.
''That single change in personal behavior would alone reduce the state's overall cancer death toll by one-fifth,'' he said.
The Soviet position is that rough parity already exists between East and West in medium-range weapons and that the introduction of American missiles would upset the balance.
This is an uncommonly bad idea, and it is symptomatic of the political mess that is developing over the Reagan Administration's two-year record of running the E.P.A.
And during the last year he has had time to think about why he set up so many obstacles for himself, and how he managed to overcome them.
Mr. Crane, a Republican, flew home from Washington to Danville, Ill., the day after the House ethics committee recommended that he be reprimanded for his affair with the young woman.
''We have a Plan A to maintain present enrollment and a Plan B if further cuts become necessary,'' explained Paul Hardin, the president.
According to the book ''Women of the Cloth,'' a survey by several seminaries found that in the 1970's women seminarians ''were typically academically superior to many of their male classmates.''
He lies - until defeated by documentary evidence showing his signature or a record of his presence in concentration camps.
At mid-island stands the late-19th-century Chapel of the Good Shepherd, the charmingly incongruous centerpiece of an open, breeze-blown plaza.
''They are here all the time.''
The ouster of Queen Dzeliwe, whom the monarch had selected from among his 70 or so wives for the sensitive task of overseeing a succession, was described in a terse announcement as being in accord with ''Swazi law and tradition.''
Until the Mead agreement, the Times Company had handled the marketing and distribution of its electronic library.
Top rice with these slices.
The 10-woman, two-man panel had deliberated almost 20 hours over four days.
Roger C. Altman, Assistant Treasury Secretary for Domestic Finance from 1976 to 1980, is a managing director of Lehman Brothers Kuhn Loeb.
Five geographic areas accounted for 92 percent of the calls.
The big hurdle, industry experts say, is getting people to think about things going wrong on a trip where they want everything to go right.
''At that point,'' he said, ''I thought politics too risky a field for a person with children, so I joined the Citizens League doing research, and then, when I was 35, I joined Honeywell.''
Cracked, rusted-out or torn sections should promptly be patched or be covered with fresh material.
WHILE they may make more money than most rock stars, guitar-toting tennis pros still cannot lure hordes of teen-agers to a concert, even a benefit for a worthy cause.
What makes the metropolitan area unusual is that there are carousels in close proximity that show off the two styles.
To the Editor: The Reagan Administration's proposal to give parents tax incentives to save for their children's higher education is by no means a Republican exclusive.
Similarly, feminists help black candidates and speak out on many matters of concern to the black community.
The company, under the direction of its chairman, John G. McMillian, has been an aggressive force in the natural gas marketplace, expanding its network rapidly and seeking new outlets to become one of the largest natural gas pipeline companies in the United States.
The average base pay, benefits and expense money for a T.W.A.
The woes of Africa are not due to tribalism but to the inflexible attempt to create an omnicompetent state.
Probably fewer Europeans now admire or support the Russians than at any time since World War II.
''There must be reductions, or the freeze thaws,'' said Representative Elliott H. Levitas, Democrat of Georgia and sponsor of the amendment.
Q. I have a problem about deglazing.
''We expect results during the second half of 1983 to improve significantly, and that 1983 in total will be a better year than 1982,'' they said.
The Kings built up a 91-64 lead with 4:26 left to play in the third quarter, but Chicago scored 10 straight points at the end of the third period.
This afternoon, the so-called Special Situation Group - formerly known as the Crisis Management Group and consisting of Mr. Bush and senior Cabinet members involved in national security - met at the White House for an hour and a half.
A car bomb blast in Pretoria killed at least 16 people and injured more than 190.
Complementing these pictures on the wall is a fine exhibition of New York City's foreign-community press, ranging through the years from Arabic to Yiddish.
''With inadequate support, little response to that problem to date and no relief on the horizon, the quality and quantity of work product has begun to reflect the fatigue and low morale of the staff.''
There's nothing to prevent you from accumulating a nest egg in other I.R.A.
Named as defendants in the case, in addition to H.U.D., were the City of Yonkers; the city's Community Development Agency, which coordinates urban-renewal programs, and the Board of Education.
''Illusion,'' says the old man.
When cloves swell - this takes a few seconds - pour hot oil and spices over lamb.
More attention might be paid to more expensive machines, selling for a few hundred dollars, which can be used for more than the $100 machines that are mainly designed to play games.
It is now occupied by the publishing company of Michael Joseph; the great double room on the first floor, where parties took place, is the office of the managing director.
''I've received an extraordinarily enthusiastic reception from shareholders, a reception that exceeded my optimistic expectations.
Soon the villagers are feeding him all their best frogs and everything else in sight, in hopes of fattening him up for what they hope will be a money-making wrestling match.
The question, rather, is whether a prominent Jew who believes that some of his fellow Jews are acting in an irresponsible manner has a right to say so without being considered ''beyond the pale of acceptable political dialogue in a democracy.''
These may not be everyone's preferred choice from all the competing versions of this music -- although as I have indicated, such a choice may be impossible on the face of it.
That might be silly to say, but I'm not.
''We have never made decisions on a data basis before,'' he said.
It arranged for about $10 million in loans for Connection Communications, including about $7.5 million from corporations such as the Prudential Insurance Company and the Philadelphia National Bank.
''The criticism was that I looked like a political apparatchik coming over here,'' Mr. Hodsoll said, ''but there has been no effort by the White House to run this agency.''
The late Mark Schorer, author of this 1954 novel now returned to print, was one of this century's leading academic literary critics and his devotion to James, Conrad, Proust and Ford Madox Ford is always evident; his style is richly textured even though his characters lack dimension, according to William Peden, our reviewer.
That thrust at solecism has drawn a response from Jim Quinn of Philadelphia, the Prince of Permissivists.
But late on a Sunday afternoon in midsummer the subway-bus combination might be ideal for the unencumbered traveler, because even a limousine, privately hired at $35 an hour, plus tolls and tip, could get caught in a traffic jam on a major highway.
''A primary reason for licensing operators was to help enforcement of the rules,'' said Mr. Foosaner.
It is similar to proposals advanced in the United States in the late 1960's and early 1970's and then abandoned, partly because of inflation related to the Vietnam War.
Othell Wilson sank two free throws and Craig Robinson scored from the baseline before Stokes converted a 3-point play on a driving layup with 11:51 remaining to give Virginia the lead for good at 41-40.
They say that the laws involving copyrights and satellite transmissions in their countries are often ambiguous or nonexistent.
Similar decisions should be made by family members or others acting on behalf of mentally incompetent patients, it said.
Still more beasts, in another but lighter-hearted 3-D environment, can be seen at the photographically-oriented Daniel Wolf gallery, 30 West 57th Street.
Improvisatory as much of the travel was, largely it worked.
The fire authorities said the 12 firemen died Wednesday near Cockatoo, 30 miles from Melbourne.
c-Includes income from discontinued operations of $11,802,000 for the quarter and $17,883,000 for the 9 months.
You might try some isometric exercises in the aisle or lavatory or in your seat.
Mr. Gould, president and owner of Broadway Play Publishing in New York, graduated from the Milton Academy and Tufts University.
One of Mr. Wilpon's partners, Leonard J. Schreier, said that replacing a Korvettes with an exclusive mall of international shops and restaurants will effectively extend Fifth Avenue's premier shopping district, which runs from 58th to 50th Streets and then leaps to Lord & Taylor at 39th and B. Altman at 34th.
South Korean Government officials and Western diplomats have predicted that because of the destruction of the Korean airliner there will be some retreat from recent efforts by Seoul to establish unofficial links with the Soviet Union.
I jumped up looking for a pad and pencil.
Michaels seethed quietly all week over news reports and television clips of the Raider power, their outstanding rookie, Allen, and their defensive end, Alzado.
''Paraprofessionals'' stand on the lowest rung of a career ladder leading to full-time teaching.
The Attorney General has received a ''significant'' number of complaints, numbering in the hundreds, in the last year from rent-controlled and -stabilized tenants in newly converted co-ops and condominiums, according to Jane Rosenberg, an assistant attorney general in the Real Estate Financing Bureau.
Bleeding, she went to a hospital emergency room.
It will be part of a complete renovation of the popular meeting place for boaters, bikers, joggers, bird watchers and other park habitues.
Mr. Murphy believes that the Vichy Government may have wanted to foster the notion that French cititzens who were loyal to Vichy would be protected, whether they were Jews or gentiles.
All the time Norman is pursuing him, trying to protect the old man and to bring him back to some sort of sanity.
Jet Fuel Leaks One of the tankers carrying jet fuel overturned, creating a small leak, but troopers said the leak posed no harm to the surrounding neighborhood.
Basic homeowner policies do not cover flooding, mud slides or damage caused by ocean waves, and Mr. Moore said even the affluent were caught with insufficient coverage in the recent bad weather.
About 70 percent of the city's almost one million public school children are black or of Hispanic origin.
''At the end, they seemed convinced that they didn't win.
Second, there are plenty of development rights to sell, and plenty of sites for which they could be bought.
After the third year, they said, the annual cost would rise to $8 million, as more group contracts expire and are changed.
Ted Simmons of Milwaukee won the starting catcher's job.
Coetzee now has a 29-3-1 record and big-money fights looming in the future.
Half a season has passed since he startled not only his teammates but also himself by agreeing to leave the Jets after this year and play for the Pittsburgh Maulers of the United States Football League.
''I couldn't concentrate,'' she said.
Instead he served impressively, and longer than anyone since the 1940's.
The day after the April 1981 deadline for nuclear plants to complete preparation for emergency evacuations, the Nuclear Regulatory Commission's staff decided on less stringent enforcement for failures in those plans than for failures of plant equipment, according to an internal memorandum.
In addition, Sergei Batovrin, the founder of an independent peace group in the Soviet Union, was released from a psychiatric clinic and allowed to emigrate to the United States.
The lusty black bean soup would have been equally good had it been hot.
Dancer, by the way, is working on a new product assignment as well as doing advertising for Sahara pita bread.
Some Long Islanders believe that Whitman has not been absorbed as affectionately as he should be on his native turf.
''He had a spotless driving record with all the appropriate licenses,'' Mr. Kuhlman said.
Inside the rambling mosque in this heavily Moslem city in western China, a row of other worshipers facing the whitewashed wall took up the affirmation of God's greatness - ''Allah akhbar!''
These are supported by the Endowment's discipline programs such as that for dance, which is giving $155,000 to the Graham company this year for its regular operations.
Dr. Bernstein's bizarre therapeutic session illustrates a little discussed but often contemplated danger that psychotherapists, nurses and psychiatric aides sometimes face.
Those charged today and held without bail pending a hearing Monday were: John McAvoy, 32 years old, a builder; Anthony White, 40, unemployed, and Brian Robinson, 40, a motor trader.
He charged that other candidates he considered highly qualified never made a list of candidates.
Based on Voltaire, it warms over the Oedipus and Orestes legends but seems as remote and superficial as an M-G-M biblical epic.
The last king of France was in 1789.
Mr. Mondale spoke alone today because it was the only way he could fit it into his busy campaign schedule, Mr. Samuel said.
He's a nonwriting Scottish poet who has chosen to exile himself in the rich, fiercely quaint, exurban Connecticut community of Woodsmoke.
Less than a third of Connecticut's registered voters are enrolled as Republicans.
The numbers indicate that women have got the message.
Although the 5,000 camp residents may leave and enter through a back way, they smile angrily when they call their slum their ''ghetto,'' relishing the opportunity to turn the language of Jewish suffering against the Jews.
Stocks recovered, after falling sharply Monday in reaction to OPEC's disarray.
He was interviewed by telephone from the Cities Service headquarters in Tulsa, Okla. Mr. Hentschel was executive vice president of the Cities Service Company and president of its petroleum products unit before the merger.
''As the working class has become more affluent, particularly in the last 25 years, the ball game has changed but Woolworth hasn't,'' said James McQueen, an analyst at the London stock brokerage of Hoare Govett.
William B. Tanner has left all positions at his company to defend himself against Federal allegations, according to Media General, which owns the Tanner concern.
Lee Saltz, the freshman who started at quarterback for Temple, ran 9 yards for the touchdown with 46 seconds to play in the half, capping a 14-play, 80-yard drive.
Meanwhile, blend the saffron and water, and set aside.
2 or 3 express during morning rush hour and the crowd is six deep on the platform, save yourself wear and tear.
On the American Stock Exchange, the market-value index fell 1.01, to 226.53.
Soviet Rejected U.S. Plans The talks on intermediate-range missiles resumed with the Soviet Union having already rejected President Reagan's interim proposal for each side to have some medium-range nuclear arms.
Another sovereign state for Palestinians in addition to Jordan would not contribute to stability and peace.
The newspaper said: ''Dictatorial Attila the Hungate has surpassed his past insufferable arrogance by ordering the St. Louis School Board not to give property owners a tax cut scheduled to go into effect later this year.''
''You tend to hit your head a lot on rocks,'' said Paul Richey, who manages a Boise sporting goods store that caters to kayakers and other white-water enthusiasts.
The lines are a drawback: maddeningly long, with no reservations accepted.
The scientists point out, however, that if the test subjects had been suntanned before the experiment the immunological harm might have been reduced.
He paid attention to the details.
A judge dismissed disorderly- conduct charges against Bobby Valentine, a Mets coach, who last summer confronted prostitutes loitering near his tavern in Stamford, Conn. .
''I'm going to ask you and your friends to go and watch over it!''
''Of all people, he's just one fine gentleman,'' Mr. Seth said.
Bring to a boil, partly cover and let simmer 1 hour.
They sort the toys, make minor repairs and then wrap them.
Tonight the 14 faculty members of the institute are to gather at Pisces, a private club in Georgetown, and view their work.
A year later, however, the New York Telephone Company, the Teachers Insurance and Annuity Association and the College Retirement Equities Fund agreed to buy the building.
Unemployment in Buffalo and in surrounding Erie County stands at 12.8 percent.
Rebels Admit Casualties The clandestine guerrilla radio has said more than 300 soldiers and 15 guerrillas have died since the army sweep began, The rebels rarely admit casualties and usually carry away their dead.
''I'm playing well now,'' he said, ''so I'm pleased going into the Senior Open.''
Betts defeated Mike Matwell, who captured the tournament in 1976, 2 and 1, and Chris Blair, 3 and 2.
Mr. Schear, who was now in touch with potential sponsors, said he ''needed an organization and a family, and so the Ethical Humanist Society and one of its members came forward; they are a wonderful organization; they get things done.''
This allows hot flue gases to escape, possibly igniting flammable materials nearby.
Tribe charged that a jury trial virtually guaranteed Mr.
And both the American public and the American military correctly lack enthusiasm for taking on such a task.
But midway through her one-hour program, after a group of Stephen Sondheim songs that serve as a bridge, she turned to songs of strong emotional involvement, songs that are built with moving dramatic intensity.
Oakland's Donnie Hill led off the third with a walk off Bobby Castillo (8-10).
He could reduce salt rocks into the pristine purity of a mathematical equation.
The idea evolved from discussions about how the Governor might distribute what Mr. Eimicke called a ''physical representation of his ideals.''
But things might have been otherwise.
Submitted by Hoyle, Tanner Associates, the New Hampshire consulting company hired by the town in 1979, the plan called for improvements over the next 20 years at a cost of $15 million.
As we hear the speech, delivered ecstatically in fading pink light to the eerie silence of the universe, the uneven writing in ''K2'' at last ascends all the way up to the level of its mountain.
Mr. Goswami used to be Charles Bacis, a struggling New York actor.
He could, unequivocally, start for any major college team in the country right now.''
Cecilia'' Mass), it will be singing a Lerner and Loewe concert with the New Haven Symphony in November.
''He has good market penetration.
The Martins' daughter Deborah, 22, and son William, 19, jumped from second-floor windows to escape the fire.
Revisiting Tells the Story Dr. Gardner said in a telephone interview that while he was not familiar with all the problems he will inherit, he visited the Berkeley campus recently and saw how it had deteriorated since he worked there, evidence of what he described as ''16 years of inadequate budgetary support.''
The seven members of the New York City Board of Education failed yesterday to decide how to proceed in their selection of a new Schools Chancellor.
But the vast majority epitomized Louisiana music.
He said that one such episode is an accident of fate that does not reflect on a mare's potential to deliver healthy foals.
''Ray's opponents have to agree to wear thumbless gloves,'' says Mike Trainer, his attorney.
Our report recommended measures to increase accountability and specific steps to maximize potential revenue, including increases in the PATH fare and bridge tolls and the sale of the World Trade Center.
''If I retired, I might,'' Torre said today, reflecting on the success he enjoyed as manager of the Atlanta Braves last season after being let go by the Mets.
Food supplies were held up for six weeks when Nigeria closed its border to Chad during frontier skirmishes around Lake Chad.
Each pronouncement from Peking on Hong Kong's future has set off financial tremors, eroding its profits.
LURCHING head-down along Manhattan's Seventh Avenue in the great blizzard of 1983, I yearned for my down coat, my Sorel boots with thick felt liners, a good pair of wool mittens, and something better than the Irish tweed hat that won't stay on my head when the wind is gusting over 30 miles an hour - an experienced outdoorsman caught unprepared in the wilderness of man-made canyons, blaring horns and gale-driven snow.
The former commission, he said, ''never really worked right outside the control of the county government.''
Persuasion, they said, would be their weapon.
Naturall y,the price for such meticulous handiwork is high.
Other Edmonton scorers were Mark Messier, with three goals, and Paul Coffey, Glenn Anderson and Ray Cote.
''There are not enough whites in the city to go around,'' Mr. Farr said.
McGuire was also tops when it came to baiting officials and drawing technical fouls, or ''T's,'' as they are known.
The Cessna Aircraft Company said it would close assembly lines at its Pawnee and Wallace production plants in the Wichita and Winfield areas from Aug. 15 to Sept. 26, and reduce engineering and marketing work to minimum levels.
By DIANE MCWHORTER The 30-year epistolary relationship of Andre Gide and Dorothy Bussy, his principal English-language translator, had a monumental ambiguity that is not entirely clarified by their ''Selected Letters.''
Furthermore, earlier in March, some Wall Street analysts had reduced sharply their 1983 earnings estimates for oil service companies.
We didn't make an issue of the two blocks at this point, but perhaps we'll take it up later, when the natives are less restless.''
On the stalled talks on independence for South-West Africa or Namibia, he offered new ''reciprocal'' wording designed to sound unlike the familar insistence on linkage to Cuban troop withdrawal from Angola.
*3*** COMPANY REPORTS ** View Full Article in Timesmachine »
Defense Minister Moshe Arens of Israel today accused Syria of bombing the United States Marine headquarters in Beirut and attacked the Syrians as a group with ''subhuman moral standards.''
A 2-pound package of baklava is $9.25; six birds' nests are $3.95; a 15- ounce can of tahini is $2.25.
The Port Authority police, who will run the checkpoints, will not announce where or when they will be set up.
Either way, one learns little about what is, as it happens, a far from inaccessible work.
Previously he was deputy administrator of the Agency for International Development.
When Mr. Holland left the Davis group, he and the pianist Chick Corea (another ''Bitches Brew'' veteran), the drummer Barry Altschul and the saxophonist Anthony Braxton formed Circle, a cooperative quartet, which mixed free jazz and tautly structured composition to make music that was both intellectually bracing and emotional.
- my own preference can't be hidden.
Condominiums and duplexes are a popular commodity in Ocean City.
Rauf Raif Denktash was born in Paphos, in southwestern Cyprus, on Jan. 27, 1924, a son of a judge.
When Mr. Brooks challenged this disproportionality, the Court of Appeals refused to stay his execution for long enough to allow a full appeal of the issue.
While this somewhat brighter outlook is generally shared by American bankers, many in Europe remain deeply skeptical that the third world's liquidity needs will be met.
It will lay on more traffic agents and tow trucks, and hand out more tickets.
Ronald E. Kennedy told the agency's Division of Waste Management that the drums ''were allegedly buried in the former Borough of Lakehurst's landfill'' in 1954.
For some people in Will County, where factories vie with farmland for space, the lack of progress confirmed some of the fears that have animated conversations since June 25.
Mr. Woodell, 38, who trained as a long jumper and sprinter at the University of Oregon, succeeds Philip H. Knight, 45, a co-founder of the company.
The new law keeps the abatement benefit but makes it less generous.
The attacks usually came after American gestures toward Israel or policy declarations that the guerrillas thought were not in their interest.
The trend accelerated later in New York.
His intention, he said, was to give state health planners enough time to impose ''discipline'' on more than $5 billion in planned hospital rebuilding across the state and to allocate new renovations according to their ''relative need and affordability.''
Charles Hudson of the Phillies, the loser in Game Two, gets another chance to become the seventh one.
The Kennedy-Hatfield resolution was generally interpreted as requesting an immediate and mutually verifiable bilateral halt to the production of nuclear arsenals.
- S.L.M., New York, N.Y. Answer: Paquet French Cruises (1370 Avenue of the Americas, New York, N.Y. 10019; 212-757-9050) will provide brochures on its 1983 program and take reservations through its New York office for its two ships, the Azur and the Mermoz.
Once inside, amid rows of empty tables, would-be diners can sit for half an hour without attracting a waiter, and when he comes it is common to discover that most items on the menu are unavailable.
Meanwhile, the number of discrimination cases filed by female professors has not diminished.
And it is generating sizable profits for the whole travel industry.
He Has Misled Reporters On some occasions, he has misled reporters.
At the same time, Performing Artists for Nuclear Disarmament are tuning up for a series of concerts at the Symphony Space, beginning Thursday.
Lee A. Iacocca, Chrysler's chairman, was the most outspoken today.
Asked whether people go over the border to shop, she said, ''I know they do.''
That was one reason I wanted to hit and get hit as early as possible.''
mainframes, resembles most software-based protection systems: It establishes a series of passwords allowing access into various ''shells'' contained in the system.
''The fact is our scientific substructure was not prepared to deal with that demand.''
This makes for a challenging situation for Charles Abbott, who is playing the Bolger role as Charley in ''Where's Charley?''.
Such investment can add strength and longevity to an economic expansion - such as the present one - that is strong but with a staying power that has been questioned.
Network executives said at the time they believed the potential audience for news was large enough late in the night to make the newscast profitable.
Livestock and meat prices were mixed on the Chicago Mercantile Exchange.
Defense Secretary Caspar W. Weinberger said today that it was impossible to defend against a suicide attack.
He completed the procedure with a flashlight and a handoperated life support system.
In 1975 the state Supreme Court ruled that municipalities must provide a realistic opportunity for low- and moderate-income housing.
Common Sense Advised CHICAGO, Aug. 22 - Mr. Petka said there did not appear to be widespread panic in Will County, and he advised residents to ''use common sense, not to pick up people seeking assistance on the highway in the middle of the night, in fact, not to be good Samaritans.''
The measures, including a sharp increase in property tax and new taxes on consumer items, were passed by decree early last month and would have lapsed at the end of this month if parliamentary approval had not been obtained.
Specialties include rendezvous de fruits de mer, a variety of seafood in a light herb sauce, and rosette de boeuf aux echalotes, a filet of beef in a shallot sauce.
Sow seeds in spring and you will have dozens of blooming-sized plants in three years.
Is there anything I can do to get rid of the strong odor, and the stained color this has left?
If you want a ''Tristan'' on records, the Furtwangler, Bohm, Karajan and Goodall versions all offer more rewards than this.
Most houses sell for $100,000 to $150,000, up from $70,000 to $100,000 five years ago, according to Miss Karagias.
And what would surprise the media more than an assault on Grenada?
And while Mr. Cranston's concern with nuclear weapons was cited by one or two, so was his concern for Israel and the economy.
Yet the restaurant was just about empty.
Maine's oldest resort hotel, the 1850 Atlantic House, on nearby Scarborough Beach, is open from June 15 to Labor Day.
''I suggested to her mother that she be told,'' he says, ''and while she thought it was a good idea, she feels that the timing is important.
His father is a divisional vice president of Lord & Taylor.
It said that between 500 and 1,500 positions could be eliminated at an annual saving of $20 million to $60 million, depending on the extent of the changes undertaken.
An official, asked whether American maneuvers around Nicaragua bore a parallel to Soviet military maneuvers in 1968 aimed at pressing Czechoslovakia's liberal Communists to back down, acknowledged in reply: ''In a way this is all a classic maneuver - it has gone on for centuries.
The memo was mailed to newspapers in upstate New York and on Long Island but not in New York City, according to the Senator's spokesman, Charles Dumas.
The National Labor Relations Board said the tally was 37 against representation by the Amalgamated Transit Union and 8 for it, with 2 votes challenged by the N.L.R.B., and 6 eligible persons not voting.
The problem has been compounded by two developments.
''That would have been counterproductive to everybody, and unless you get the cooperation of the unions, you don't get any work done at all.''
Since he was forced to resign from the Presidency in 1974 because of the Watergate scandals, Mr. Nixon has had more difficulty than most former Presidents in seeing a Presidential library come into existence.
c-Including income of $37,831 from the cumulative effect on prior year of an accounting change.
If the gains from that sale had been excluded, the loss for 1981 totaled $405.5 million.
This widened to 3.2 percent in the first quarter of 1983, from 2.6 percent in the comparable period of 1982.
''Was that a floating car that just went past in the rain?''
In his testimony, Mr. David said his wife had handed him a knife and said, ''Let's do it.''
''We have a chairman who is perceived to be quasi-autonomous, who looks at the economy through objective eyes,'' he said, ''not through those of Republicans or Democrats.''
But within the warmth there is a subtext of coolness and vice versa.
Calvin Cohn, a Jewish paleologist and the sole human survivor of a nuclear war, is the protagonist of a novel designed to be ''a fable for the future .
Ashore, Canada 1 had smoother sailing, too, as the City of Newport, at the request of the Australia II syndicate, withdrew trespassing charges against Canada 1's tender driver, Jim Johnston.
So why go someplace else?
Astoria is said to have the largest Greek community outside Greece, and its numerous restaurants, tavernas and bakeries will offer a wealth of opportunities to sample the fare of the country.
The problem is seen as how to get our men out without appearing to retreat under fire, not how best to stop Soviet-sponsored Syrian expansion, and the S.P.L.O.
The camera, which was in the company's vault, recorded about five minutes of the break-in, making a tape of three men that investigators are now checking.
He clearly meets the master's degree requirements of the regulations.
I t is published by the Mountain Press Publishing Company, P.O.
''This is a university without students,'' said Herbert Kaufman, a political scientist.
The moment when French forces are to intervene alongside their allies in repelling an attack in Europe is never made precise.
On exhibit this month in Trevor Mansion are dolls, music boxes, sleds and other treasures representing Christmas past from the museum's collections.
Critics of the rule claimed it would add to the cost of a used car.
''I was always taking my ring off to do things like garden or cook,'' said Mrs. Schieber, who works with the computerized information system at the United Nations Development Program.
Church officials said tonight that two Roman Catholic priests, both Irish nationals, were expelled from Chile today for what the Government said was involvement in politics.
Most of Fox's bigger pictures, by contrast, have done poorly: ''Making Love,'' ''Author!
It banned the sale of zero- coupon bonds in Japan.
''We must acknowledge the growing distinction and superior financial capability of our neighbor to the south,'' a faculty report warned in 1981.
Rose also adjusted, getting two of the three hits the Phillies managed off Swan in his six and two-thirds innings.
The teams, depending on the distance they have to travel, will receive between $35,000 and $50,000 a game.
A shorter but no less fascinating trail is that left by Wenzel Hollar, who migrated from Prague to London.
The Western position is that the British and French forces should not be counted because they are intended for national defense and do not enter into the NATO arsenal.
By this, the coaches mean that the students will be prevented from finishing their four years of football eligibility.
The debate was revived this week because Mrs. Lloyd would hold three of the four titles - the United States, Australian and French - if she won here.
Let him earn it, by deeds: the release of prisoners, an end to secret tribunals, the leashing of his armies in the countryside, the legalizing of opposition parties and a firm commitment to genuine elections.
FLORIDA Democrats - Bennett, no; Chappell, yes; Fascell, no; Fuqua, yes; Gibbons, no; Hutto, yes; Ireland, yes; Lehman, no; MacKay, no; Mica, yes; Nelson, yes; Pepper, yes; Smith, no.
But it was no big secret anyway.
The one most noticeable difference is that the Guy Lombardo Orchestra, playing as usual at the ballroom of New York's Waldorf-Astoria, will not be seen on network television but in a syndicated show, to be broadcast on Channel 5.
agents, pointed out some judges' suspicious patterns of decisions and helped in other matters.
If her fluid arms got a little hectic in that final parting from the prince, she made the most of Odette's last, tender gesture of bowing the prince's head so he cannot see her leave.
Mr. Shultz said that the United States, Britain, France and Italy had been asked to broaden the scope of the peacekeeping force and move into the area vacated by Israel.
''There has been a high level of fighting over the last two or three months.
But I can say that I am sorry if I have brought renewed turbulence into your lives by violating Talleyrand's famous principle of diplomacy, ''Surtout, pas de zele'' - ''above all, no zeal.''
Presented by The Production Company, 15 West 28th Street.
c-Including extraordinary gains of $73,000 for the quarter and $115,000 for the 6 months.
Guidry, in only his second start after a three-week layoff with a bad back, showed the savvy that has kept him among the American League's leading pitchers all season.
We also saw mallards and wood ducks and a good flight of Canada Geese, hoisting themselves along with that unmistakable deep pumping of their wings.
said Dr. Anthony Robbins, president of the 50,000-member American Public Health Association, only half-facetiously.
The focus is on a pair of lovers, the barber Basilio - acted exuberantly by Nureyev - and Kitri - danced precisely and with small-scale but genuine flair and polish by Miss Young.
Mr. Nitze was working on the assumption that his instructions permitted him to search for changes in the other side's position, but some State Department officials said he went too far.
After teaching in upstate public schools, she served as dean of the former New Jersey State Normal School in Trenton.
They missed 7 of their next 9 shots as the 76ers, behind a one-man assault by Malone, who scored 7 of his team's 9 points during a crucial last-period stretch, proved unstoppable.
But as one senior White House official put it today, the question is whether someone in the Carter campaign volunteered the material to an essentially passive Reagan team, or whether someone in the Reagan team knowingly and actively sought such material from the Carter campaign.
''The odds against one archer doing it twice to another man on the same day are incalculable,'' said Martin.
''), he remains sternly overprotective - and knows that his concern is a bit much.
According to the police, she was killed by a police officer as she attacked members of an Emergency Medical Service unit trying to restrain her.
Whether in his female impersonations or in civilian guise, Mr. Hearn is neither campy nor macho here: he could be any run-of-the-mill nightclub entertainer in midlife crisis.
He is an alumnus of Brooklyn College and the Harvard Graduate School of Business Administration.
But, despite Mr. Manatt's effort to maintain an atmosphere of cordiality, Mr. Jackson used their joint news conference to renew his charges that the rules governing the party's Presidential race discriminated against minority groups, rank-and-file Democrats and long-shot candidates.
With the abolition of the financial rand, which traded at a big discount from the commercial exchange rate, foreigners have lost the advantage of being able to buy South African stocks cheaply and to reap an unusually high yield on their dividends, which could be remitted at the more favorable commercial rate.
''We're not interested in getting any closer to nuclear fuel than we have to.''
New York, once first in the nation in per capita income maintenance payments, already lags behind at least a half dozen other states.
The June figure was almost double the $54.2 billion of June 1982.
The state government has pledged $3.6 million.
Secretary, the President would like to have lunch with you.'
Although today's decision is almost certain to be appealed to the courts and may finally require Congressional action, it was nevertheless widely regarded as a landmark in the long struggle between interests supporting public and private power.
The M-3 target is 6.5 percent to 9.5 percent, the same as last year, while actual growth was 10.1 percent.
Gun Ban Prompted Effort The recall effort was originated by the White Panther Party, about 20 veterans of the street demonstrations and radical political groupings of the 1960's.
Intellectuals in many Caribbean islands - raised in an age of civil rights and black power and educated at some of Europe's and North America's best universities - are speaking and writing on this theme.
I am sending this money as a gift to my mother in the hope that someone else's kids may be a little less cold or hungry as a result.''
Begin and would be certain to argue against withdrawal of Israeli troops from Lebanon until Israel secured an agreement on political normalization and on retaining Israeli-manned outposts in southern Lebanon.
Mr. Pimentel is something of a symbol himself in the anti-Marcos movement because Mr. Marcos ordered him held under house arrest on charges of subversion.
I could do my payroll with it.
The workload is the same if not greater.''
Conventional mortgages have fixed rates and terms, with payments that amortize the debt by the end of the term.
Lundine (D) A Y PENNSYLVANIA 1.
On Surf Hill, you can belly-whop down the side of a mountain on a flimsy foam sled and splash down in a pool at the bottom.
Labor gained 504 local seats, despite its parliamentary reverses, so even Tory gains on Thursday would not prove much except that big turnouts help Labor.
''No pitcher can win, and no team can win, without a big bullpen,'' Seaver said.
He said unions were often more conservative than political leaders in arbitration proposals, because ''the political costs of losing are greater for union leaders'' than for political or municipal leaders.
Nowak (D) Y Y 34.
Wortley (R) Y Y Y 28.
''The kid's going to be another actor,'' De Vries says.
Now the videocassette is no longer a rich man's toy.
Half the transactions are thought to have gone through the bank's Luxembourg subsidiary, using a Swiss factoring company called Finzag that Mr. Esch set up in 1980, and half through a German subsidiary.
Edwin Moses won the 400-meter hurdles, his 81st consecutive final, in the first world track and field championships.
On the other hand, the Administration failed to persuade Congress to create a second block grant to embrace programs for students with special needs, notably disadvantaged and handicapped students.
The pieces before her, in her imagination, were crisp and sharply focused.
Says Bum Phillips, the New Orleans coach, ''He's as good a player as we've faced all year.
Midway through the quarter, with the Giants blitzing, Art Monk, the Redskins' wide receiver, was isolated on Bill Currier, the Giants' strong safety.
According to Mr. Hayman, Brecht was a mama's boy who had a heart attack at the age of 12.
I see us as covering this country's biggest business, and that's Government.''
The Rangers tied Quebec, 4-4, on Nov. 5, and the series between the clubs since the Nordiques joined the N.H.L.
''She does her homework, expresses herself well and knows what she is talking about,'' said Hunter B. Andrews, the Democrat who is majority leader of the Virginia Senate and former chairman of the Education Committee.
's shellfish closure area is not broad enough, and bacteria and viruses have been surviving outside the area.''
Western serves 63 cities in the United States, as well as Canada and Mexico, from two hub cities, Los Angeles and Salt Lake City.
Curbing New Development And several coastal states, for example North Carolina and Maine, have recently adopted regulations controlling or restricting construction along their coasts.
and second in the league with a plus-8 rating, meaning they had gotten the ball 8 more times through fumble recoveries and interceptions than they had given it up.
Although James R. Pierce of Business Week really was not involved, he did get promoted to senior vice president publisher, a title that also went to four of the seven men.
The point here is that they represent four of the best upcoming dancers in all of Ballet Theater itself.
Miss Cassaday, who shot 70 today, was at 139.
The three-step treatment begins with a coat of the liquid applied from one side of the nail to the other.
The dance began with ''Celebration for a Princess,'' an entertainment that followed the style of a late-17th century ballet.
At the international level, American cyclists were ranked around 22d as a team, outclassed in training techniques and equipment.
For weeks before, Michaels had been tired.
In 1971 he split with the conference, renaming Operation Breadbasket as Operation PUSH, which stands for People United to Serve Humanity.
About 45 minutes before it was due to land, the Beirut control tower radioed Capt.
Britain was defeated at Yorktown in 1781, by forces that were more French than American.
This turns out to be mainly the western "bulge" drained by the Niger, Volta and Congo Rivers where, presumably, the ancestors of many black Americans originated.
But he also found himself resentful toward the ''stepfather'' who came to live with his mother.
Even more important, they coincide with the effort of Prime Minister P.W.
But Hirschfeld has a way with hair styles, a way with speaking looks and turns of the head, and a way with spectacles and jewelry and trousers' ends that makes us accept that these people must really have been very funny.
The state's statistics show that expenses have gone up 5.8 percent in the last year, the suit says, so the board was ''totally arbitrary'' in refusing an increase.
Two steelmakers sought protection from troubled times in a merger.
The walls in this room are gray, and one entire wall is covered with blueprints of the Palladian windows that strike such an odd note in the Johnson / Burgee building itself; however they work as windows, they do turn out to make wonderful wallpaper.
Place loaf pan on cookie sheet, and chill in freezer for 30 minutes.
''We had to exercise a lot of self-discipline,'' Mr. Carter said.
If she loses this hearing, the hospital can keep committing her every two years for as long as two-thirds of the maximum possible penalty for the crime with which she is charged.
That series, 59 yards in 8 plays, featured the tailback, Stan Koss, running outside and scoring from the 2-yard line.
*3*** COMPANY REPORTS ** View Full Article in Timesmachine »
Does the Talmud allow a video machine in the shul?
A spokesman for Mr. Stockman said the Administration would convey its concerns to the sponsors of the immigration bills, Senator Alan K. Simpson, Republican of Wyoming, and Representative Romano L. Mazzoli, Democrat of Kentucky.
''Being an architect is the No.
There is one more phase of my unsporting life ahead, and it could prove to be the most difficult.
It was the kind of public drubbing that is not easy to survive, and Mr. Travolta has not yet regained the popularity he had enjoyed before that movie opened.
The Middle Atlantic states will be served by Bell Atlantic, and the Southeastern states by BellSouth.
And the people of this Hunterdon County township, 50 miles west of Manhattan, are intrigued and piqued at the thought of being part of what oilmen call ''a really big play.''
Reagan Reported Willing White House officials, emphasizing that President Reagan was seeking to ''get to the bottom'' of the matter, said that, if requested, Mr. Reagan would be willing to be interviewed by the F.B.I.
A helicopter crashed in a desolate area near Mount St. Helens today, slightly injuring 12 people aboard, the authorities said.
It is picturesque, with 14 water holes and a design that winds through the hills in the northwest corner of Danbury, and it has gained in popularity since Golf Digest magazine listed it among its top 50 municipal courses in the nation.
The writer must take responsibility for it.
We are the sons and daughters of giants, and we have been born to their greatness.
Both Senator Lloyd Bentsen of Texas, chairman of the Democratic Senatorial Campaign Committee, and Senator Lugar, chairman of the National Republican Senatorial Committee, have roamed the country trying to enlist governors to run for the Senate.
''We started with nothing,'' said John Nunes Da Silva, a bank officer from Yonkers who is president of the executive committee of the church.
His father is a television director.
The Government urged an appellate court yesterday to vacate a judge's order requiring F.B.I.
Interest rates fell slightly for Government securities.
Currently affiliated tenants also should have a deadline for departure if their status changes significantly.
The aim of the new regulation, according to Mayor Koch, was to open up apartments for bona fide city residents and to collect more taxes.
The bride is a great-granddaughter of the late Frank J. Sprague, an inventor and scientist who was a partner of Thomas A. Edison.
He offered a partial solution: ''Higher fees for officials, who often work games alone, would attract better prospects and would make it possible to have three officials - a referee and two linesmen - at each game.
The United States has denied involvement in the coup, and the State Department issued a statement disputing the film's innuendoes about an American role in the Horman murder last year after ''Missing'' was released.
c-Including a gain of $223,000 from the repurchase of debentures.
After Mr. Hewett's imaginative use of ellipses and extracts, I found the phrase rather silly myself.
ILLINOIS Democrats - Annunzio, yes; Collins, yes; Durbin, yes; Evans, yes; Lipinski, no; Price, yes; Rostenkowski, yes; Russo, yes; Savage, yes; Simon, yes; Yates, yes.
A non-health-related difficulty is that the factory where Mr. Bayer worked has shut down and he is looking for a job.
Wants Small, Mobile Army General Alvarez said Honduras needed small, well-armed and mobile armed forces instead of an expanded military force.
dividend is $1.35, so the sum of the new dividends is slightly higher than the dividend of the ''old'' A.T.& T.
A collection of pieces on literature and contemporary American life.
''We knew the score,'' a pregnant woman (Amy Madigan) says from a hospital bed.
''The feistiness that you associate with Menachem Begin had gone.''
Yesterday afternoon, 150 officers remained in the area.
One contract is for the launching of the European Telecommunications Satellite, Olympus, in 1986 and the other is for three European Meteosat weather satellites between 1987 and 1990.
Miss Martin sometimes does her talking to Ephraim on the rocks in the mountains above Palm Springs, and it was in a conversation there that she told Him she wanted a place in San Francisco.
The phrase, Dr. Cattley said, is ''just one of a thousand formulaic lines that the minstrels used time and time again on the old principle that 'He writeth best who stealeth best all things both great and small, for the great mind that used them first from nature stole them all.'
Included will be three ship captains' homes: the Greek Revival house, circa 1840, of Capt.
Tomorrow's St. Patrick's Day parade in New York has been caught up in a swirl of controversy, but Jack McCarthy is not overly concerned.
In the game, OSHA slows down Hard Hat Mack down by imposing fines on him.
Mr. Kerr did not resign.
Word of Mr. Shultz's endorsement of the Madrid compromise document came after he met this morning with Max M. Kampelman, the chief United States negotiator in Madrid.
In an apologetic letter this week to Mayor Koch, he explained how he had broken his right shoulder falling over steel plates covering construction for the new subway at 63d Street and Lexington Avenue.
''The banking industry of the United States has spent a lot of money to incite the people of America,'' he said.
''I think New York audiences are ready for 'Arabella' 's melancholy,'' says Mr. Schenck with great emphasis.
But what makes it all go is a breed of farmer with the brains to develop new techniques and the nerve to take risks and put innovations into use.
Lured by the prospect of a captive, prosperous audience, Credit Agricole and many other companies in the United States and Europe are now trying to associate their products with this gentlemanly and wealthy sport in order to enhance their image - and profits.
Salmon flown from Norway sells for $3.59 to $10 a pound.
He either fried alive or died on impact, I do not know which.
In any event, the series has a disarming way of coming up with offbeat gems, material you are not likely to see elsewhere on television.
This continuing disagreement over economic policy has already forced President Francois Mitterrand to postpone a Cabinet reorganization originally scheduled to be announced last Tuesday following the Socialists' weak performance in municipal elections earlier this month.
They varied from the formal, fixed-price variety with fancier goods, especially lace, to stalls near the convention center featuring cheap bush shirts and rougher jewelry, of malachite, amethyst, coral and turquoise.
Mr. Katsaris's performances, captured by Telefunken's very natural digital technology, are a happy synthesis of virtuosity and sensitive musicianship.
Turning away from money supply measures and other monetary data as primary guides to its policy may dismay monetarist economists, but it does not contradict any of the legislative mandates the Fed has lived under since 1913.
Mayor Koch, at a City Hall news conference crowded with Williamsburg residents and religious leaders, said he hoped the plan would put an end to the area's ''deep-rooted controversies and antagonisms that are 15 years old.''
The overall view among educators, they say, is that student art and selfexpression must be encouraged and considered a priority.
Action-Housing, a Pittsburgh-based nonprofit group, said recently that it was establishing a $200,000 fund to provide loans to unemployed people in danger of losing their homes through foreclosures.
Already, his aides disclose, his preparations for the meeting in Williamsburg, Va., have drawn him into extensive personal correspondence with the other leaders and prompted him to take six months of tutoring on international economic affairs.
(Colette would write about the Parisian sexual underground in ''The Pure and the Impure.'')
NASA will use it primarily as a relay point for commands and messages between orbiting satellites and the earth.
Then, Miss Orkin quit photography and settled down to have children.
This is a shaggy paw story.
Future guests booked through Sept. 18 include Bert Lucarelli, oboist; Emanuel Vardi and Marcus Thompson, violists; the Ames Quartet; pianists Ann Schein, Randall Hodgkinson, Kenneth Drake, Abba Bogin and Rebecca Penneys; the New Arts Trio; and Piotr Janowski, violinist.
Dallas; assistant to the directors, Rita Tiplitz; lighting assistant, Jackie Manassee; production stage manager, Sabrina Hamilton; stage manager, Barbara Kopit; music produced and recorded by Kurt Munkacsi; conducted by Michael Riesman.
''The superintendent,'' Mr. Tese said, ''creates trends in legislative policies for presentation to the Governor's office.''
They made no announcement either, but a source close to the Tigers said the deal averaged about $900,000 a year for four years.
Calls Economic Upturn Fragile Mr. Kean emphasized the need for immediate action by President Reagan and Congress to reduce Federal budget deficits.
The authorities said the three had threatened to expose the professor as a homosexual unless he dropped forgery charges.
''We are not blind to the fact that in practical terms financial compensation may not always be a completely adequate substitute for a roof over one's head,'' Justice Brennan wrote.
That law, the five- judge panel ruled, was ''void from its inception'' because it ''infringed on an area of regulation which was exclusive to the state.''
And as Michaels was to say defiantly the day afterward, ''I must be stupid.
It added, ''In general there remains gradual movement towards a more open society, coupled with continuing harsh controls on fundamental dissent.''
Roads and bridges have been destroyed and hundreds of houses flooded in the Soviet Far East in the worst rain storms there this century, a Moscow newspaper reported today.
They can sell this corn or store it, at the Government's expense, for five more months.
This has made the United Nations more, not less important to the democracies, for the Charter commits each member to a regime of at least minimal political and human rights.
Judge George F. Roberts, supervising judge of Manhattan's Criminal Court, said, ''It's a problem that won't go away.''
As to changing any format, as the man from Turner suggested, Mr. Keever conceded that the network is programming now with the aim of getting back the people it is losing to pay cable, people who tend to be younger and more affluent than average network viewers.
Wisconsin scored first, but Michigan took advantage of three turnovers to take a 22-7 halftime lead.
''When my mother died,'' Norman said yesterday afternoon, ''it didn't hurt me like this.''
Starting next month, the return flight will stop in Caracas and Santo Domingo, arriving in Miami at 9:30 A.M.
Reducing the adult shelter population would make it easier to help those in need of medical or psychiatric care and to develop programs that might rehabilitate some of the rest.
The measure, which the Revenue, Finance and Appropriations Committee received on March 14, was approved by the 11 members present (four were absent).
Even so, a deep impulse toward forgetfulness is apparent in Birmingham now, especially among the men once associated with Eastview 13.
Stoves are rated according to the number of British thermal units they produce and the number of square feet they can heat under normal conditions.
Key Is Market Value Practicing an imprecise craft, she and the other commissioners rely on their experience with thousands of other cases to set a figure that reflecting a building's worth.
''In fact Israel has quite a number of relations here with representatives of countries with which we do not have diplomatic relations.''
There are also knitted bed jackets, silk and lace underwear, lightweight woolen nightgowns, silk kimonos by Krizia and challis kimonos by Joan Vass.
The food is new American, with fresh, free-wheeling combinatons of ingredients.
''No one Councilman wants to give his opponent an edge,'' said Dr. Prezioso, speaking of the surcharge rejection.
The emphasis now is toward innovative and even strange body configuration, sustained by the partners so that the audience can savor it.
WHITE PLAINS OFFTRACK betting on horse races sounded like a long- shot proposal last week in the hallways of the County Office Building here.
His father, now retired, was a partner in the Allendale Beef Company.
''We couldn't have beat Hartford the way we played tonight.
Ten days ago, as rumors spread of an imminent major devaluation of the shekel, thousands of Israelis fled to the dollar by selling their bank shares and converting the shekel profits.
The chief executives of Warner Bros. park in a horseshoe circle outside the administration building.
The water district includes South Farmingdale, Plainedge, North Massapequa and part of Bethpage.
Hot issues are parceled out to these parties and they, in turn, often ''flip'' the stocks for a quick, almost sure-fire, profit.
Only in the 1950's, after Stalin died, did they begin to reappear on the walls of the Hermitage and the Pushkin Museum, where thousands of visitors enjoy them today.
Letters for publication should include the writer's name, address and telephone number and should be addressed to The Editor, Travel Section, The New York Times, 229 West 43d Street, New York, N.Y. 10036.
''You don't want to go in badly,'' said Lou Carnesecca, their coach.
Good, 43, will be president and chief operating officer.
Existing shareholders would receive one share of common stock in a reorganized company for each 10 shares they now hold.
Just south of this resort community is Island Beach State Park, whose miles of white, sandy beaches stretch almost to Long Beach Island.
In today's announced spending outline, most Government agencies were cut back by 5 or 10 percent, and overall projected expenditures are scheduled to rise by only 1.01 percent - the smallest growth rate since the budget ceilings were introduced 22 years ago.
Yatron (D) N Y Y 7.
4REAL MEN DON'T EAT QUICHE, by Bruce Feirstein.
Traveling America's highways is a very black-and- white experience in ''100 Views Along the Road,'' a stunning show of watercolor landscapes by Alfred Leslie, which is at the Oil & Steel Gallery, 157 Chambers Street, through Dec. 3.
In another development, Kuhn has told two Nevada minor league clubs, affiliates of the San Diego Padres, to refrain from using advertisements associated with gambling.
That figure stood at 2.2 percent in December.
There is a high probability that a boom will never materialize.
Experience, alas, had disillusioned me with the power of the Gold Card.
The one who wants a person's services is not ''giving'' him work or ''making'' a job for him.
The composer and bass-baritone Thomas Beveridge fashioned the text of his song cycle ''Odysseus'' not from Homer, but rather from Nikos Kazantzakis's ''Odyssey, a Modern Sequel,'' in the English translation by Kimon Friar.
All that remained of the usual atmosphere was one very bewildered-looking family dog.
Most players returning from knee surgery consciously or subconsciously worry about what will happen the first time the knee is hit in practice or in a game.
Last year the two assistant judges overruled the presiding judge in the sentencing of Louis Hamlin 3d, convicted of the slaying of a schoolgirl.
Last March, during the week of the flood, the staff produced six main articles, 96 accompanying ones and 111 photographs, filling a total of 37 news pages.
But it is rendered almost abstract by the inclusion of a small black circle in the water near the center.
Yet the country is not pacified, and the Vietnamese should be the first to understand why: They deny it the self-determination they fiercely claim for themselves.
''There is more experimentation, more truancy, and relationships are more precocious at a younger age.''
The idea of one God took hold after a good deal of struggle with earthly authority which claimed a monopoly of interpretation and communication with matters divine, and later came the emergence of the Age of Reason.
The McSurelys were freed from jail within weeks of their 1967 arrest when a Federal court held the Kentucky sedition law, and therefore the raid on their home, unconstitutional.
Undoubtedly, a booming energy business has fueled good television.
Art Redmond scored on a dunk shot with 25 seconds to play to help Wagner to a 67-65 victory over St. Francis College last night in the opening round of the Eastern College Athletic Conference Metro-North playoffs.
A request for $878 million is pending right now from New York Telephone.
''The rest of the problem is what happened to radioactive wastes and PCB's that they have used and what they are doing today,'' he said, referring to polychlorinated biphenyls.
His cable company is run by two sadistic gangsters - one wields his clubfoot as a weapon - and its staff refers to the ''actors'' in the murder re-enactments as ''pieces of meat.''
It is my clear memory of the incident of the 1967 apology (I was assistant manager of the orchestra at the time, and while I wasn't present at the union meeting in question, there certainly was a lot of talk about it), confirmed by conversations with members of the orchestra who were present and by Zubin himself, that he made a straightforward admission of having made a statement that he regretted and for which he apologized.
The briefing-book writer then boils these ''cleared'' answers down to no more than 150 words each, preferably with some quotable snapper to make it memorizable for the President and memorable to the press.
''If it's true, then it's great,'' said Blair, whose sentiments were echoed by Nets players and others close to Richardson.
But Marvis is such a loyal kid, he's not going to blame his father for anything - not for putting him in there in the first place, not for not stopping it.''
One of the long-range ideas, long suggested by critics outside the Koch administration, was to put the homeless in some of the thousands of vacant apartments in properties that the city took over through thich will foreclosure proceedings.
''Last fall the Soviet side stated publicly annd authoritatively that no Soviet submarines have been or could have been in the area of the Stockholm Skerries.''
Each week performances in all games played by all teams are reevaluated to take into consideration the most recent week's results, which count more than earlier games.
''They weren't all big works - not all Brahms concertos.
While in England, Charis and Felix begin an affair whose resolution sends Felix into the army, into any East African unit that will have him, to search for his brother.
The official analysis goes on in that apocalyptic, simplistic way.
Mrs. DeSantis died of a form of pneumonia commonly associated with AIDS, and doctors attending her have stated that her other symptoms were similar to known AIDS victims.
Yes, we need a new code - the Stouffer's Inn fire in December 1980 proved that point.
Such a high correlation is indicative of the professionalism of both festivals' judges.
The tribunal, sitting in The Hague, has separately made a $40 million award - also the largest of its kind - to settle Du Pont's expropriation and contract claims.
He batted .346 and recorded a .604 slugging percentage in 43 games in the International League before returning to the Yankees after Griffey pulled a hamstring.
Do you think that's unfair?
It is a celebration of the heritage of Irish-Americans.
But the Whitecaps didn't score as many goals as the Cosmos; they had only 51 bonus points from goals, to 64 for the Cosmos (22-8).
A Nobel Prize helps, as the publishers of Heinrich Boll or Elias Canetti have found.
The insistence of the Americans, British and others that the association suspend the Russians from the body unless they provided information on cases of purported misuse of psychiatry has critics in the United States as well.
''We'd have to sit and think about it,'' said Mr. Hill.
Tanned and Confident Princess Caroline, in a beige satin dress, smiled broadly and waved, looking tanned and confident.
Dick Thornburgh said had become a welfare haven, the state's latest welfare law has saved an estimated $89 million a year.
While there is little doubt that the personal bitterness between Mr. Mudge and South African leaders is genuine, there is considerable skepticism about his ability to establish himself as a plausible Namibian nationalist.
One argument offered to support the exclusionary rule suggests that by excluding ''tainted'' evidence, law-enforcement officials will be forced to follow proper procedures.
But do you worry that there's a long-term risk, of the President appearing 'trigger-happy,' as some Democrats put it?
Mr. Mitchell's political and social views have been conditioned by his musical career and have conditioned that career in turn.
''It is widely accepted now that it is much harder to alter maladaptive patterns after the age of 3 than to prevent them from forming in the first place,'' says Dr. Eleanor Galenson, a clinical professor of psychiatry at New York's Mount Sinai School of Medicine as well as an infant psychiatrist in private practice.
Agents have different methods of charging their clients for services rendered; some charge a percentage, some charge on an hourly basis.
That's the way to go.''
Jim Gerard scored for Warren Hills (8-1).
''I agree with the notion that if it can be done this is the year to do it.''
Since those guidelines have been widely disregarded in recent months, the decision raises the possibility that oil prices may decline even further.
A more subtle procedure is to pass when action seems indicated.
They can also connect to the universe of other computers and thus create a super system.
The committee, which includes the Treasury Secretary and the heads of the Federal Reserve, the Federal Home Loan Bank Board, the Federal Deposit Insurance Corporation and other regulatory agencies, asked for comment on a number of possible deregulatory moves late last year, and the responses are beginning to come in.
Mr. Picardie's play struck many critics as difficult and awkward at times, but ultimately moving and powerful.
An Apparent Rebuke Mr. Illueca said he could not curb the ''freedom of delegates'' to say what they wanted.
''But then the index turned indecisive again, and that is a little disappointing, since usually when things improve the index gains momentum.''
''I hope not to be in the red again,'' he said.
Sometimes there is music, sometimes not.
Another is that the rate decline is especially sharp in deaths of the elderly, and it is in this category that the misdiagnoses are especially high.
''The public does not yet have the basic information on which sound, fair judgment can be made'' about the proposed fare increases, he said.
Box 310, Wakefield, Va. 23888-0310, 804-899- 3106.
Dr. Lapham, a native of Newfane, N.Y., came to Tulane in 1937 as director of the Division of Medical Extension.
''You may not believe it here,'' Mrs. Johnson answered, referring to the city's extraordinary rainfall, ''but water levels are lowering all over the country.
But all expect the Fed to act more gently in 1984 than it often has in the past.
That is the way I feel.
Metropolitan Terence Cardinal Cooke informed the vicar general of the New York Archdiocese that he was dying of leukemia two days before the archdiocese's official announcement on Aug. 24.
In general, the men are of preprofessional level, but many of the women are strong classical dancers and well placed.
But opera singers must sing; our perception of the physicality of their effort is an integral part of our pleasure.
However, Judge Tanner said he had no basis in law to deny immediate relief.
Under the proposal, the School Fund's board of trustees would decide each year how much of the interest generated by the fund would be needed and retained by the fund.
Mr. Radosh and Miss Milton deal with this by never indicating the existence of this report.
This prevents the machine from being used to run some popular business programs, such as Lotus Development Corporation's 1-2-3, which require more than 128,000 characters of memory and work best with two disk drives.
Israel, for its part, has unequivocally rejected the Reagan plan as a basis for negotiations.
The winner was a horse of different colors than last year, but the jockey was the same.
I didn't know whether I was going to make the club or not, but it would have been fine with me if I was sent down.
Day was taken aback at first by Maurin's persistence and his ideological intensity; indeed, she was never to feel entirely comfortable with him.
Some Democrats have held out for a state personal income tax.
Two free throws by Moncrief, who led the Buck scorers witn 24 points, restored the Milwaukee advantage to 79-78 at the end of the quarter.
In recent week, separatist bombs exploded in Guadeloupe, wounding 23 people; a strike closed down public services on the islands of St. Pierre and Miquelon off the coast of Canada, and the tourist industry in Tahiti was severely affected by labor stoppages and Polynesian workers' battles with the police.
Earlier this year, Albert B. Letewka, the former president of Macmillan's general books division, said that he had agreed in September 1982 to pay $220,000 for ''Royal Service'' by Stephen P. Barry, the former valet to Prince Charles, after Mrs. Goldberg maintained that another publisher had bid $200,000.
In ''The Tender Offer'' we meet Valerian Shaw, a decent chap in his 60's who takes pleasure in his books, his ''collection of New York iconography'' and his peaceable hobby of the city's history.
The Cardinals scored their only run in the sixth when Samuel committed an error on a ground ball hit by Lonnie Smith.
''If I can get on base once or twice every game then I know I can score a lot of runs for this team.''
The poll also indicated that despite changes in tax laws and reductions in rates, there was no basic change in Americans' perceptions of the fairness of the tax system.
'' President Reagan drew a laugh from the audience in the East Room when he said, ''Chamber music is probably the most democratic of the arts - small d.'' By this he said that he meant a quartet brought four musicians together on an equal basis.
A dissident problem there is, but the Government has mainly itself to blame for its extent.
The realization is incomplete because he has not yet graduated or signed a contract with the Jets.
It's hard to teach a guy to stay in the pocket when you know you're going to get your butt handed to you.
At New York Offtrack Betting shops, he returned $7.40.
JOHN EDMUND FORBES, WILLIAM S. RILEY, New York, Jan. 21, 1983
We enter an era when every writer will be famous for two weeks, then live out the life of a hasbeen.
Mrs. Collins raised more than $2.2 million, Mr. Sloane reported raising nearly $1.9 million and Mr. Stumbo showed that he raised $688,000.
About 60 opponents of President Mobutu Sese Seko of Zaire were kicked and beaten by the police in Zaire after four of them met with members of the United States Congress, the newspaper De Morgen said today.
Although pleased by signs that Israeli leaders may now recognize that the Lebanese will not grant permanent observation posts, some American officials are doubtful that various ideas floated in the press about joint patrols with the Lebanese Army or arrangements involving Maj. Saad Haddad, a pro-Israeli Christian leader in southern Lebanon, will be acceptable to the Lebanese Government.
In the past five years it has arranged for members to make more than 100 paid appearances at college campuses as lecturers.
It was just a little shoe store in Berlin, Conn., when it approached the seven-year-old Frank B. Sawdon Company in 1956 and got a radio saturation campaign in Hartford that began its growth from a downtown store to highway stores to mall stores and six separate retail shoe chains, the largest of which has 1,600 outlets.
These ''take-or-pay'' costs have been passed on to consumers.
Investment Funds Organized In October new investment funds, authorized by Italian law, will begin operation.
The principal means proposed for obtaining this new aid is state assumption of Medicaid costs.
Obviously, we need better teachers and higher standards if we are to raise our educational level.
Some local affiliates of the Public Broadcasting Service may carry the half-hour news conference, either live or later on tape.
At the other extreme, the Americans say, is an unleashing of the marines for active combat patrols beyond their present perimeters.
Delegates said that in a late-night sitting, more than 20 ballots were conducted in an effort to decide between rival candidates proposed by Gabon and Mali.
A few days later, Ally & Gargano was named as agency by Franklin Computer and for a new product from Pfizer's Leeming-Pacquin division.
800, for instance) and then overdevelop the film.
Referee Martin Denkin of the United States scored the fight even, 141-141.
Mozart came later in the proceedings - first the early concerto written at 17 (with the new finale he added nine years later) and then the E-Flat Symphony (No.
Their replacements, the 22d Marine Amphibious Unit, were scheduled to begin arriving at dawn.
Tennis All England Championships at Wimbledon.
American Medical said it is also ending its use of transponders on RCA's Satcom 4 satellite.
Following is the roll-call by which the Senate gave final Congressional approval today to a compromise budget plan.
''Sure, we're going to have to sell hard.
Designed by Howard Chapelle and built in Nova Scotia in 1955, the Mary Ann was donated to Columbia University in 1980 by Mr. Cagney.
From 2 to 4, ''Behind The Screen - Sex, Power and Money,'' a symposium, followed from 4:30 to 6 by ''Women at Work,'' with a showing of ''Rosie the Riveter.''
Key to Replication In the common shorthand of modern genetics research they are often identified simply by their initials; A,T,G and C. The crucial key to the importance of the structure was that the rungs always had to be composed of specific pairs of the bases.
His father, an electrical engineer, was director of quality control at the RCA plant in Findlay.
Many Saudis seem to have become withdrawn.
Or you can layer them in a baked pie shell to make a fruit tart or pie.
The tax is expected to raise $2.7 billion a year.
But it was not until after a bomb ripped through part of the Senate wing in the predawn hours of March 1, 1971, that Congress agreed to install tighter security measures.
*3*** COMPANY REPORTS ** View Full Article in Timesmachine »
The 460 students in Purchase, N.Y. who want to register at the State University of New York campus in time to vote in next Tuesday's election must be allowed to do so, a Federal judge told the Westchester County Board of Elections.
A customs officer who survied the attack estimated today that it would take six months to repair.
Subsequently, Miss Norman taught in a school for gifted children and wrote and edited a column for young people in The Louisville Times.
They will meet the winner of Friday night's semifinal between Harvard and Minnesota.
Then, in 1974, Mr. Kiley found himself deputy mayor in charge of public safety during a crisis over court-ordered busing to end school segregation.
An estimate last year by a Media General official placed the company's after-tax profits at about $3.6 million.
Modern jazz could not have been the same without Miles Davis.
''I look at how far voters look back when they vote in Presidential elections,'' says Mr. Fair.
- Higher limits were proposed on loans to graduate and professional students.
He asked Israeli intelligence to what extent the Pentagon already had the information, according to an Israeli with extensive military contacts.
The Administration continues to defend its program, arguing that payment in kind has managed to cut the large carry-over of surplus grain that has been putting downard pressure on prices.
The two opposing armies were exchanging sporadic artillery fire.
One is S evre- et-Maine, which is not a company but a district, the one that produces the best Muscadet, and the other is ''sur lie.''
Yesterday, in over-the-counter trading, Trak rose 1 1/4, to 43 bid.
Kansas 55, Oklahoma 53 LAWRENCE, Kan. (AP) - Calvin Thompson made four free throws in the final 54 seconds, as Kansas, holding the ball for the last five-anda-half minutes, gained the Big Eight upset victory.
But since Mr. Marcos has said that this period of financial stringency is no time to be tinkering with the governmental system, today's decision was also seen as something of a concession to increasing demands that the question be settled.
But angered by the Sandinistas' increasingly Marxist course, he went into exile in 1981, accusing his former comrades in arms of betraying the revolution.
Expressive splashes of richly colored, shiny glaze render a few of the pieces usable.
For all his reputation as a hard-liner, Mr. Enders risked disfavor by looking too favorably on negotiations in El Salvador.
The association expects more than 100 participants at the Eastern Championship Tournament in New York tomorrow and Sunday in the Empire Room of the Hotel Lexington, Lexington Avenue at 48th Street.
The Jersey City Mayor backed Ronald Reagan in the last Presidential election, and a plan that kept Hudson County whole might be to his liking, even if it was a bipartisan scheme that ended the current gerrymander.
''We hope to raise over $100,000,'' she added.
''I wouldn't touch it with a 10-foot pole.''
The return is vibrant evidence of man's newly awakened concern for the integrity of the natural world.
In the latest outbreak late Wednesday and early today at the Cabrini-Green project, 11 young men suffered gunshot wounds in the legs, arms and buttocks.
When the scope showed the jumbo jet down to 900 feet, he radioed: ''Eastern, ah, 401, how are things coming along out there?''
Public rage is not an everyday political passion, and from the President down, we seem uncertain about how to express it, for how long, to what effect.
Of Miss Dunham, Mr. Reagan praised her scholarship, saying that the Kennedy Center honor was as much in recognition of her work in anthropology as it was for dance.
He was Douglas Edward Seiler.
The City Center of Music and Drama, Inc., is celebrating its 40th anniversary with a gala on Dec. 12, but not quite.
Born Edith Taylor Pope in San Francisco, Mrs. Cook grew up a tomboy in a household of boys.
Monte Coleman, a Redskin linebacker, touched the ball, which Hill dropped at the Dallas 11.
Ultimate authority for the system would be placed in a court of statewide jurisdiction, either the Court of Appeals or a new ''disciplinary court.''
Phil Mahre , the World Cup ski champion, and his twin brother, Steve , have abruptly left the European circuit and returned to the United States, apparently to concentrate on training for the Winter Olympics in Sarajevo, Yugoslavia.
His intellectual power and moral integrity carried the day.
''I strongly protest your administration's sudden decision to abandon our state's long-held commitment to the protection of our citizens' privacy rights,'' Mr. Rosenthal wrote Gov.
station chief in Turkey and an aide to Mr. Brzezinski.
Aaron Pryor, the World Association's junior-welterweight champion, announced that Steward would be his trainer for his Sept. 9 title defense against Alexis Arg"uello in Las Vegas.
We witnessed a virtual explosion of world output and trade, and the arrival of many free, self-determined, independent nation-states as members of the international system.
Maurice Cheeks was at his best in the opening game of the Eastern Conference playoff semifinal.
Since Monday, the start of the new trading year, the market has seesawed.
It also said the Soviet advantage had grown rapidly in recent years and the Russians now have more than 1,300 warheads, of which about 1,050 are on SS-20's, which carry three warheads per missile.
Of major concern to Mr. Nakagama is the bill, now stalled in Congress, that would increase the United States' contribution to the International Monetary Fund to $8.5 billion a year.
International A prison guard in Geneva said he assisted Licio Gelli, the fugitive Italian banker, to escape into nearby France.
The suit is expected to be filed today.
''I'm doing my doctoral thesis in nuclear power,'' said one, Dennis Behr, reading from a script.
Experts were working to transfer the acid to another truck.
Goodstein said the callers were shocked, and some were angry.
Finely striped patterns usually can be safely paired with virtually any bold pattern tie, provided the colors balance well, but any subtly striped shirt is best teamed with an equally subtle tie pattern such as a small print or woven club motif.
Is it the equivalent of a $15 Burgundy or Bordeaux, or for that matter a California cabernet?
THE title, of course, comes from ''Black Mischief,'' Evelyn Waugh's satirical novel set in the mythical African kingdom of Azania, and the antics of the British aristocrats in James Fox's book are often just as bizarre.
''I remember umpiring at home plate in Yankee Stadium one day and turning around to look in the stands behind me to see what Jeff was doing,'' said Bill Kunkel, Jeff's father and one of the most respected umpires in the major leagues.
To the Business Editor: Your headline reads, ''At Long Last, the Recovery Is Here'' (Feb.13).
He is reading letters in an effort to exercise not only his body but also ''exercising his mind once again.''
Miss Martin's background is in both drama and dance - she studied at the Neighborhood Playhouse and with Martha Graham, among others.
The answers were scattered, but focused on toughness and his general style.
(Television - Sports Channel, 8 P.M. Radio - WOR, 710; 8 P.M.) Other Events Boxing: Lee Roy Murphy vs. Frank Payne, cruiserweights; Jeff Simms vs. Ben Griffin, heavyweights, and Nino Gonzalez vs. Len Villers, middlewights, each 10 rounds, at the Tropicana Hotel and Casino, Atlantic City; first preliminary, 8 P.M. Murphy, ranked sixth by the World Boxing Council, is 15-0, with 14 knockouts; Payne is 12-3, with 7 knockouts.
Mr. Perez was seized after the Saturday firebombing when he and a companion were chased into Jamaica Bay.
The proceeds went to World Hunger Year, the charity of which the singer was a founder in 1975.
A few hours before Mr. Cuomo's announcement, the State Senate unanimously passed a bill that would provide $5.25 million for research programs and public information about AIDS.
Then to the coach: ''Watch this.
Long-distance calling volume was only 2.8 percent higher in the quarter than a year earlier and the number of customer lines grew only 1.4 percent.
Among those who lost seats was Norman I. Schafler, chairman and chief executive officer of Condec.
Each is adjusting in his own manner.
After joining the company in 1917, he worked at the W.R. Grace & Company Bank and was named an assistant secretary in 1936.
---- Erickson to Report to Columbus Roger Erickson, losing salary at the rate of $1,046.51 per day, agreed Friday to report to the Yankees' Columbus farm club.
The prosecutor in the case, Michael Guadagno of the Justice Department's organized-crime strike force for the Eastern District of New York, said the case involved Mr. Lombardozzi's failure to list on his tax returns the interest collected on usurious loans.
She made her debut in 1979 at the Passavant Cotillion in Chicago.
An appearance by Warplanes International is not cheap: prices range from $150 for a one-day show by a trainer craft to $400 a day for a Mustang, plus fuel for the performance and round-trip transportation to the site, which can add substantially to the bill since some of the planes use 100 gallons an hour.
There is a problem here.
For the present, Lech Walesa, so politically adroit since his release, cannot be dismissed as irrelevant.
For Americans, Japanese politics can evoke memories of what it was like to follow the New York Yankees of the 1950's.
A bottle of Anacin-3 taken from the home of a woman who died of cyanide poisoning contained cyanide gas but the remaining capsules were not tainted, medical experts said today.
His model then tries on a long, straight, black evening coat, the top flap of which she says needs to be raised, and finally a suede blouse with yokes at both shoulders.
His grandfather, the late James Henry Cullen, was president of the Cullen Fuel Company in New York.
What was the United States's response to the expulsion of three diplomats from Nicaragua?
Embittered Soul-Searching The debacle in the Ruhr has already provoked embittered soulsearching within the Social Democrats.
There are at least two ways of considering the performance of Handel's ''Messiah'' given by the St. Thomas Choir and Concert Royal under the direction of Gerre Hancock at St. Thomas Church on Tuesday night.
Mr. Mugabe also argued, at a press conference, that whites were hypocritical - complaining about human rights in Zimbabwe only when whites were detained.
The American training is basically that the emotion should lead and don't worry too much about intellect.
Representative Major R. Owens, a Brooklyn Democrat and the only Congressman to return for the informal hearing, said afterwards that Mr. Conyers ''had decided there was no way to keep things under control in such quarters.''
The change reflects a bull market in silver and industrial metals.
At one point, he fell so behind schedule on ''Under Western Eyes'' that his agent offered him a wage of $:6 a week in return for ''regular supplies of manuscript.''
The union has been pressing the Federal Government to enact import curbs.
His architects, Gilmore D. Clarke and Clinton Lloyd, designed huge retaining walls trimmed with granite and marble, and terraces that rose from the Hudson in a series of lush, tree-shaded lawns.
Miss Austin, who worked at a word- processing machine, testified that Mr. Jacobs was her lover and did not deny that she shot him.
He was one of the fortunate ones, subjected only to a few hours or maybe days of annoyance and humiliation at a Government counter.
However, all such biological tests for depression have advocates and detractors.
It is virtually insensitive, he says, to the quality of fuel being burned, accommodating inexpensive ''run-of-mine'' coal as well as a variety of combustible solid wastes.
A similiar experience happened to the Spanish Deputy Prime Minister, Alfonso Guerra, who is also married.
VERMONT JAY PEAK Jay, Vt. 05859 Information: 802-988-2611 Lodging reservations: 800-451-4449 THE SKIING This mountain near the Canadian border has 29 mostly novice and intermediate trails on a 2,153-foot vertical and Vermont's only aerial tram.
Numerous local and regional teamster officers have been convicted of crimes, including John A. Cody, long one of the most influential labor leaders in the New York metropolitan area, who was sentenced to five years in prison last December for labor racketeering and tax evasion.
This wasn't a victory for anything, except maybe Soviet propaganda.
Joining such familiar classics as ''Swan Lake'' and ''Coppelia'' in the repertory will be ''Marco Spada,'' a reconstruction by the French dance historian Pierre Lacotte of a ballet originally choreographed in 1857 by Joseph Mazilier.
For example, as manager of the Port Trading Establishment, or P.T.E., a Liechtenstein organization used by Grumman and Page to sell airplanes in Africa and the Middle East, Mr. Buhler wrote a crucial letter to a Saudi Arabian prince, transferred questionable payments and negotiated contracts involving illegal or questionable payments, according to testimony before the Securities and Exchange Commission.
The tuition is $40 for a family of two and $15 for each additional member.
In later trading, gold was bid at $419.25 an ounce at Republic National Bank, up $1.75 from late Thursday.
In a long interview with Le Monde, Mr. Mitterrand issued a warning to Colonel Qaddafi: France has the means, ''if necessary, to answer militarily and quickly any new offensive.''
study that his group might be operating against opponents of the Government.
In Galveston, Ron Tisdell, a consultant to the university poison center, says the measurements of poison in the confirmed cases ''were accurate - they weren't exaggerated.''
FOOTBALL ARIZONA (USFL) - Waived Dennis Puha, nose guard, and Greg Fairchild, of- f ensive lineman, both of whom left train- i ng camp.
Now, Miss Ashford is able to give Miss Connolly some help.
Under current state regulations, the allowance is $218.
If he's getting rocked, that's where I come in mentally.''
The climb to the Williamsburg seven-nation summit meeting at the end of May is going so badly that last-minute emergency efforts are needed to avert disaster.
But the MX has not been notable for its beneficial effects on national cohesion, and this is unlikely to change in the future.
The share earnings have been adjusted for a 2-for-1 stock split in September.
Bogicevic said a second-place finish would still leave them with the home-field advantage in the playoffs.
Administration officials said the attacks were part of a new phase in the United States-supported efforts to harass the Nicaraguan Government.
*3*** COMPANY REPORTS ** View Full Article in Timesmachine »
And the Lakeville phone system is extraordinarily antiquated.''
The percentage has been reduced steadily since then and, in 1980, was ''capped,'' or frozen, at $800 million, a reduction of $179 million from the amount the formula would have produced that year.
He can be seen here expressing in a single watercolor - like the Abstract Expressionist-seeming ''Am Weg zum Gesicht'' (1939) - ideas that lesser artists would parlay into a whole life's work.
Her father is a general practitioner in Montreal.
''You have this F sharp.
It's interesting to be challenged by a person like Paul Feiner.''
These boundaries of category are, they believe, largely artificial.
In addition to the schools, recreation facilities are often cited as an attraction.
It is ''further evidence that the recovery is on course and, indeed, is shifting into high gear,'' he said.
On Valentine's Day, Tennessee banking regulators announced that they had found ''large and unusual'' loan losses at Jake Butcher's United American Bank of Knoxville, and the F.D.I.C.
More than most operas, this one must have principal singers who seem to be made for their parts, who seem to be inhabitants of mid-19thcentury Vienna.
Investair is not registered with the state of Virginia, although Virginia law requires registration by corporations doing business in the state.
'' Some teams, Mr. Leffert said, call in September to try to apply for the next summer's leagues.
The first institution Mrs. Ernst approached about the work was the Metropolitan.
''I am delighted to be able to sign this particular bill, my first major bill since becoming Governor,'' he said.
''Honey,'' he cries, ''if you call and I'm not here, I'll be at the gym or the gun club.''
South Africa said today that its planes staged an early morning raid on installations and residences of the African National Congress in the Mozambican capital of Maputo.
Moreover, he has drawn Washington and Paris into a position they can back away from only at the risk of being seen to abandon a new ally in an hour of need.
The stories in ''Watch Time Fly'' are deceptively simple; they illustrate the way in which masterful skill can disguise itself as an innocent lack of literary self-consciousness.
There's ample evidence of this in the current exhibition, which presents nearly 40 smallish drawings (most lent by the Carr a family), from 1912 to 1933, that trace his lively leaps from style to style.
Trump said he also tried to reach Bobby Beathard, the Redskins' general manager, to discuss a possible job.
ABC News, which has waffled so pathetically in the Will episode, might reclaim some self-respect were it to devote a prime-time hour or two to a major discussion of the conflict-of-interest issue with a panel of reporters and columnists.
Plant another row of lettuce, radish, corn and beets.
The Giants placed Beasley Reece on waivers today, acceding to a request by the veteran player, who had lost his starting position at free safety to the rookie Terry Kinard.
Senator Dale Bumpers of Arkansas, citing a lack of money and organization, announced today that he would not seek the Democratic nomination for President.
We carry a roost of moralizing watch-birds in our heads: If we but think of tossing last Saturday's shank of lamb to the dogs or of secreting Aunt Martha's sequined calendar towel in the trash, they raise their ancient racket about ingratitude and waste.
Raw said, and books brought to the Trump Tower shop can be shipped to London for binding and returned in about three weeks.
Inquiry by Morgenthau The Manhattan District Attorney's bureau of frauds is ''looking into the situation,'' according to Mary DeBourbon, a spokesman for District Attorney Robert M. Morgenthau.
WHITE PLAINS RESENTFUL yet resigned, county officials last week wrestled with problems of security and cost imposed on them by a court order transferrring the Brink's trial across the Hudson River from Orange County.
Many of those early recordings he still owns.
And Bosley Crowther wondered in The New York Times, upon the film's original release, how a tennis star could race around Washington half the night and then win three gruelling sets in Forest Hills the next day.
The Bible, the Talmud and the Codes enjoin us to plumb the depths of our divinely endowed intellectual capacity to do whatever possible to prolong life, and to imbue that life with as much dignity as possible.
Ater Derrel Thomas walked and Welch struck out, Steve Sax doubled Thomas to third, bringing in Elia Sosa to replace Dravecky.
ALBANY AFTER a catastrophic accident, officials usually rush to reassure the public that goverment is working to protect them.
The wiretap law forbids the monitoring of conversations except for law enforcement officers who have obtained a warrant from a judge.
The police continued to believe the shootings were the result of a family dispute over the restaurant, the Szechuan Star at 176 North Bedford Road.
Negotiators for the National Basketball Association and its 29 regular referees met for three hours in Philadelphia yesterday, but, though there was some progress, neither side expressed optimism that an early settlement could be reached.
She had a wide jaw and eyes with a lot of black, very striking.
Over a 20-year period, the National Science Foundation spent slightly more than $500 million on its retraining institutes.
He has his critics, but nobody can say that Edward J. DeBartolo isn't an equal-opportunity father.
The rate varies for each of the four different classes of property, with a range of $9.10 to $9.32 for each $100 of assessed value.
And in your downward glide remember this: that much depends upon the brilliance of your swerve.
''I know the first time I had a band, I wanted the emphasis on strict arrangements, in order to showcase the songs.
''We call him Superman,'' said Huffman, who did the handling.
This, he said, marks a ''profound change'' and may mean an ''eclipse of ethnicity.''
It is now among the most popular of the Federal education programs.
Griffey was told this spring to work at first base as well as in the outfield.
''It has been fun, a lot of work, and I'm glad it's over,'' said the 26-year-old Mrs. Sanderson, of Norwalk, Conn., a senior consultant with the Manhattan accounting firm of Coopers & Lybrand.
Easter Plant and Herb Sale, the New York Botanical Garden, Bronx, 212-220-8723.
I wanted to prove that the countertenor voice has immense possibilities, and when I think how many ambitions I've fulfilled - singing at La Scala and so on - it's quite frightening.''
Each period means so much.''
All of this is unquestionably true, and it tells us something important about her work.
Carl Yastrzemski then rocketed a shot off the center-field wall above Mumphrey's head for a double, and Ed Jurak followed with a fly ball to deep center that Mumphrey had in his glove but dropped for an error.
''Let me be telling you,'' he said, affecting an Irish brogue, ''Margaret Heckler being an Irish colleen has nothing at all, at all, to do with this appointment.''
''We would be remiss if we didn't do something to reach out to improve the ability of these older people to deal with these caps,'' Sam Zagoria, a commissioner, said Wednesday.
Generous plans to join Legg Mason Wood Walker, an investment banking concern in Baltimore, next month.
Transit loses the case, 3,000 to 5,000 commuters who have been using Amtrak will have to buy more expensive Amtrak tickets.
Legislators who oppose the reappointment have taken the same position.
Resulting confusion in the credit markets brought a sharp rise in interest rates.
G.N.P figures are regularly revised because the first official report, which comes just after the end of a quarter, is based on actual data for only the first month and estimates for the other two.
Resistance to change in the Soviet system comes less from workers and managers than from the swollen party bureaucracy grown fat on its role as sole interpreter and enforcer of directives from the center, and as distributor of largess.
It's a foolish argument in both domestic and foreign politics, but the appeal to fear is still standard political procedure.
Richard A. Snelling recalled the part-time legislators to revise the budget they passed in April, just before adjourning the regular session.
There is no single approach that is better than another.
But last December, another student, Jeffrey Leen, told officials the four had cheated, according to court records.
Even if you have not received any capital gains in 1983, you can offset up to $3,000 in taxable earned income annually on a joint return with the capital losses incurred by means of the swap.
In the Eastern state, the prosecution rate for violent crimes was 96 percent, against 27 percent in the Western state.
The Cathedral Concert Series, sponsored by the Archdiocese of Newark, will offer schoolchildren an opportunity to hear and learn about classical music.
The main concern about the United States in the rest of the world, friend and foe alike, is lack of continuity in its approach to foreign affairs.
The change was authorized by the Legislature last spring.
In one, there is the effort to isolate the building of new multiwarhead missiles from the years of controversy over where and how to base them securely.
When it came to profits, 60 percent of the membership showed an increase.
Until now, this powder has been sold only in Europe.
''We're happy that roughly a third of the business is new,'' he said.
They give no reasons why and will not tell us what they are looking for.
His wife, Donna Kotar, who was at the luncheon, said her husband had also suffered a collapsed lung and other complications not long ago.
Giving him credit for accomplishments is one thing.
For the moment, the Herut leadership has put off that transition by electing Mr. Shamir over Deputy Prime Minister David Levy, a 45-year-old Moroccan-born Jew who came up through Israel's poverty.
... A 14-yearold boy who was not immediately identified was shot in a hip at about 10:30 A.M. after he resisted three thieves who were trying to steal his leather jacket in the hall of Eli Whitney High School in Brooklyn's Park Slope section.
Twelve-year-old fantasy-adventure fans, take note.
It is named ''Die Heimkehr aus der Fremde.''
There are actually two different types of guardianships, although they generally come together in a single person.
Mr. Morrison is 38 years old.
Few weapons would be touched and much of the cut would come from savings created by lower inflation and reduced fuel bills.
Since 1980, it has spent $14.4 million.
''I saw that sign in the stands, when I was sitting on the bench,'' Fair said.
Supporters Consider Options Jewish leaders in Atlanta said they would search for ways to appeal the board's decision, but several said the only recourse they believed they had was to re-apply to the board later when its composition had changed.
Markets The franc fell sharply in response to the losses by French Socialists in Sunday's municipal elections.
It's nice that they do, because the talk is good.
Angelo DiBernardo scored his first goal of the season 2 minutes 31 seconds into overtime today to give the Cosmos a 2-1 victory over the Montreal Manic.
City, state and Federal officials, meanwhile, conferred at City Hall and said that Federal aid probably would be available to businesses crippled by the power failure that plunged a 12- block midtown area into darkness early Wednesday amid one of the garment industry's busiest weeks.
At times having to call for silence, he said priests who occupy positions in the Nicaraguan Government were ''acting outside or against the will of the bishops.''
The Democratic Party whip, Representative Thomas S. Foley of Washington, said White House aides clearly understood the Democrats might push for additional programs.
When fully occupied, the mall will include a restaurant, two fast-food outlets, a discount supermarket and 33,000 square feet of office space.
Reds 8, Cubs 4 CINCINNATI (AP) - Ron Oester hit a home run and doubled to drive in four runs highlighting a 13-hit attack against the Cubs.
I found myself having to do a lot of catching up.
were found in tests of cells taken from skin cancers called malignant melanomas.
Marschalk, one of the Interpublic Group of Companies, previously volunteered its services to the city for the Save Water and Gun Control campaigns.
These requests were largely ignored.
Reasoning in the Decision Mr. Reagan has generally resisted the urgings of some aides to make his intentions public earlier to help fund- raising and organizing efforts.
''At urnaround is slow, and they are stuck with one product, the Vector 4.''
The Science Park, a projected high technology center, is under construction in the heart of a predominately black neighborhood.
Mount Vernon, which has been struggling to reverse years of decline in its downtown area and which is one of the most densely populated cities in the Northeast, says the economic repurcussions of the post offices move would be ''devastating on the city's coffers.''
But eventually, as always, the ceiling will be raised, to allow for new debt to finance this year's $190 billion deficit.
But in the third, Chacon ran into a left hand thrown by his southpaw opponent, and he went down.
''There's a large amount of concern on the fairness question.
A Dance Immersion ''P eople!
Since the end of that study in November, the company has declined to make the results public.
* Replacement of the Hamptonburg Road Bridge over Conrail tracks, Town of Hamptonburg, Orange County ($550,000).
''Right now, we do not know the motive for the murder,'' said Inspector Joseph G. DeMartino of the Manhattan Detective Area.
There must be a more creative and effective way of presenting such pieces.
Despite their rank, they displayed a striking anxiety, an opaque style of practiced blandness.
''It's like living a clean life of a movie star or a rock-and-roller,'' she said.
It was symptomatic of another pivotal change in home furnishings and decoration.
But the Boston Bruins employed that rare tactic Monday night, and it enabled them to defeat the Minnesota North Stars, 4-3, at Boston Garden.
Selections from ''Elijah'' by Mendelssohn; T. Charles Lee, organist and choirmaster.
'' Berry also admitted he was worried that he might not be allowed to play.
Using the revised definition, he said, the number of poor people would be reduced by more than one-third, to 22 million from the total of 34.4 million reported by the Census Bureau.
The danger, the analysts say, is that renewed discussion of such a formal military alliance between Israel and the United States would complicate Mr. Shultz's efforts by deepening the suspicions of moderate Arabs over Washington's long-term policies in the region.
He would give ''Pankow'' some new lyrics.
The dollar had lost ground following remarks by Paul A. Volcker, chairman of the Federal Reserve, who said the central bank would try to keep monetary growth high enough to help the United States economy recover but not so much as to reignite inflation.
Representatives of the commercial banks and thrift institutions applauded the removal of the ceilings.
Told that Gen. Johan Coetzee, the top police official who oversees operations against the African National Congress, had bgasted that it could not recruit large numbers because it knew it would be taking in his agents, Mr. Tambo laughed and replied: ''He was right.
Such a certificate of mailing costs 40 cents in addition to the 20-cent first-class stamp.
Superstations such as Mr. Turner's were not hit as hard as originally anticipated.
''They hate to miss the little man, who can make them look foolish, so they hesitate,'' he once said.
Mr. Robelo, a former member of the original Sandinist junta, said he had been told by the Mexican Under Secretary of the Interior, Col. Jorge Carillo Olea, that it would be inopportune for him to make his statement from Mexico ''due to the efforts to seek peace in Central America'' being made by Mexico and other Latin American countries and because of the visit next week by Secretary of State George P. Shultz.
But a more realistic assessment of needs and shuttle availability has reduced immediate plans to a flight or two a year.
That isn't much in the way of deterrence.''
(The Phoenix program, run under American auspices during the war, specifically targeted Vietcong leaders for assassination.)
Among those who were undecided six weeks ago, according to the poll, 30 percent decided in favor of Senator Glenn, and 11 percent in favor of Mr. Mondale.
In a solid wall the Toggler works like a regular expansion anchor.
The fact is that convicted criminals are going to jail in America today, and in record, often unnecessary numbers.
*3*** COMPANY REPORTS ** View Full Article in Timesmachine »
Mr. Quintero has established a workshop for fledgling actors here.
''I would hope that this young woman will realize that there is hope in life, and that she can be a symbol of hope to others,'' the judge read to a silent courtroom crowded with representatives of handicapped people and hospital staff members.
''It's not customers' money,'' Mr. Metzgar said.
As expected, Ron Hodges, who has been a catcher for the Mets since 1973, signed a two-year contract yesterday with an option for a third year.
T here was clip-clopping along Broadway yesterday as 50 carriagehorse drivers - including Buster McGill with his long, black hearse - demonstrated outside City Hall.
''We are ready to listen, but we also have some points of our own to make.''
But the children also spend some hours each day in trips throughout the institution.
Its impeccable freshness contributed to the pleasure.
The Speaker's action was only the plainest example of the extent to which election politics is shaping Congressional decisions.
(Costa Rica, Honduras, Nicaragua, El Salvador and Guatemala - and Colombia, Panama, Mexico, the Dominican Republic and Venezuela.)
This well-planned play gave Rubin's team five international match points, exactly the margin by which the final match was won.
ONE sunny morning, before he retired as president of the General Motors Corporation in 1981, Elliott M. Estes stood in the outdoor dining area of the Tavern on the Green in Central Park, talking about the push for fuel economy.
Her father was an avid amateur musician, and one of her brothers was singled out as the musical star of the family (he is now a professor of piano in West Germany).
During an appearance yesterday morning on the WCBS-TV program ''Newsmakers,'' Mr. Ravitch said that in the last hours before the strike began March 7, he had made a final offer to the unions: No layoffs of conductors or trainmen would be necessary to meet the crew reductions the M.T.A.
has dominated since the dawn of the computer age.
''No one promised me anything,'' he said.
Karen Mesberg, daughter of Mr. and Mrs. George Mesberg of Rye Brook, N.Y., and Sagaponack, L.I., was married yesterday to Scott Michael Univer, son of Mr. and Mrs. Irving O. Univer of Philadelphia.
This conclusion was first approached immediately after World War II.
Yet as this final phase in Third Avenue's transformation nears its end, real-estate brokers report diminished demand for the buildings, community leaders are dismayed by the changes in the neighborhood, and urbanists are criticizing both the planning and the architecture.
The lobbying effort is focused now on the legislatures of two states, California and Illinois, but officials at the Association of American Railroads, which is based here, said that it would be extended to other states where taxes on trucks appeared to be low.
At the same time, however, the local government structures are firmly rooted in the system of racial separation that has held sway in South Africa for 35 years, and so blacks who reject the overall edifice say there should be no truck with smaller details like the councils.
For a century the standard has been A Latin Dictionary (also published by Oxford), compiled by Charlton Lewis and Charles Short.
But the summer heat did not help because heat causes a scorching of the pigments.''
In addition, The Journal's business executives have been studying ways to add pages to the paper, which is now limited to 64 a day, not enough for all the advertisers who want to buy space.
Last week, the administrator of the Medical Assistance Program, Larry Knape, resigned.
There was a series of explosions, and by the third blast, he was on the scene.
In a dissent, Chief Justice Warren E. Burger said the majority had erroneously read the Constitution as permitting Congress to ''usurp'' a ''fundamental state function.''
Back at the start of 1982, Walter Mondale was cautiously circling the industrial- policy issue.
The prospects for expanding the bilingual programs are great, school officials say.
Because of that, ''the impact of the 10-year plan is impossible to assess.''
That also concerned conventional merchants, but they could resort to the courts because of fair-trade statutes that were largely rescinded in 1975.
Second, in the Nuremberg Laws of 1935, only Jews were mentioned as ''enemies of the state.''
Wealth came from making things.
Those who have seen ''The New York Experience'' in the McGraw-Hill Building will have some idea of what to expect, although ''South Street Venture'' seems to carry the concept to more colorful and gimmicky heights.
People don't know what's going to hit them."
As he left the Federal courtroom Monday in Jacksonville, Fla., just after the jury acquitted his client, Jamiel (Jimmy) Chagra, of conspiring to murder Federal District Judge John H. Wood Jr., the defense lawyer, Oscar Goodman, said: ''The verdict speaks more eloquently than anything I could say.
In the Jan.1-March 20 period, with 66 selling days in 1983 and 67 in 1982, G.M.
Precious metals futures prices continued to decline.
It was a whole different approach.
47 JERRY HOLMES: Right cornerback, 6-2, 175, 25, 3d.
''The people here always loved Glen,'' said Neilson.
Bob Go Thong, vice president of the owner of the ship, Go Thong shipping lines, said there were 169 confirmed survivors of Monday's accident.
She has had little experience with organized sports, she says, but adds: ''It is my understanding that in sports there is a tendency to say, 'All right, the game is over, good game, bad game, let's get drunk.'
The actual songs, sometimes ''cover'' versions but now usually written for her or with her collaboration, are less personal than those of Miss Bush, at least in the sometimes faceless musical idiom her collaborators have provided.
Chicken broth with tiny spatzle dumplings is usually far better.
The restrictions on everything from the positioning of the homes, the trees that may be cut down and the type of mailboxes on the property were proposed not by the town, but by the owner of the land, Peter M. Brant, a newsprint executive whose estate and polo fields adjoin Conyers Farm.
This film has no rating.
''Come and participate,'' the singer, Payo Grondona, gently sang.
Mr. Shultz was in Bangkok last month and Mr. Wu is due to arrive on Saturday for a three-day visit.
In his eight seasons in the league, he appeared in 98 games, intercepting 26 passes for 549 yards, an average of 21.1, and 3 touchdowns.
About $250,000 of Senator McClellan's estate has been held in escrow pending the outcome of the McSurely suit.
* Construct access road to industrial park at Conklin, Broome County ($2 million).
The Nuclear Regulatory Commission has threatened to close the plant if an emergency evacuation plan is not developed by June 9.
William Stein, a teacher who lives on Grove Street, less than a five-minute walk from Main Street and the harbor, said the knowledge that his home - which he bought about 10 years ago for less than $40,000 - is now worth more than $100,000 has made him think about moving.
Among all respondents, the poll found more optimism about what would happen to unemployment rates and prices in the next year.
Sometime later, an inmate angrily shouted that the convicts had released a hostage but that the prison authorities had not reported it.
He denounced anti-Semitism and pledged to clarify the status of Jews in exile.
Three decades ago the Minneapolis Lakers won three consecutive titles (1952-54), but not a fourth.
But the control of nuclear arms is a different question.
Then they tied themselves to the gates of the base and waited for the police to get them.
The relative decline of the United States fleet participation in the carriage of American trade is a consequence of a number of factors.
Acreage to be planted this year is down to an estimated total of 17,000, but could go lower if more rain stalls planting.
Islanders Open a 4-0 Lead After a rocky first period in which they went ahead by 1-0, the Islanders got rolling in the second and opened a 4-0 lead before allowing Edmonton to score.
In what category do such foods as buffalo chicken wing and Natchitoches meat pie peacefully cohabitate?
In summer, sausages are suitably of the dried variety.
''I think eventually they'll decide to let the plants stay open.
And, besides that, s cholarships are available.
The tax battle was being fought on three fronts last week.
Confusion at the Plate Speaking of the seventh inning when Hobson didn't deliver, Martin said rather tamely, ''I'm sure Hobson never squeezed before.''
Late Friday, dealers offered the three-year issue to yield about 9.80 percent, compared with 9.86 percent in November.
These are the ''means-tested'' programs - for which one must prove financial need in order to be eligible.
After all, management reasoned, hadn't he been a labor negotiator and assistant to the president of the United Steelworkers of America?
For all of the lessons that New Mexico may offer the country about the potential political effects of a growing Hispanic population, several factors tend to distort the picture.
Last week it was announced that pairs of stars had been detected inside four such nebulae.
But it did address a pivotal question in the debate over acid rain strategy in concluding that a reduction in pollution by coal-burning power plants and other industrial sources in the Eastern half of North America would, in fact, reduce acid rain in that region.
Depending on the kind of mutations, the results might explode in cancer, perhaps in the offspring of some of the exposed men and women, years after spraying has taken place.
Mr. Malgran also argued that the law violated the Constitution's equal-protection and due-process guarantees in two ways.
'Leader's Word Is Not Good' ''We spend 75 percent of our time going through some fandango out here,'' complained Senator Mark Andrews, Republican of North Dakota, ''and all this monkey business undermines confidence in this institution.''
Add the remaining eight tablespoons butter, a little at a time, to the sauce, stirring with a wire whisk.
Tens of millions of Americans have read headlines about the divestiture of the American Telephone and Telegraph Company and Common-sense advice on installing your own phone and wiring.
And his uneasiness is accentuated by the utterly immediate, natural presence of Miss Kinski, who displays a much greater range here, and a much more appealing quirkiness, than she has before.
''My point of view on these things has changed from purely political to strictly moral,'' the Peruvian novelist explains.
Like other Latin American rebels on the opposite end of the ideological spectrum, the Nicaraguan guerrillas say they are fighting oppression.
His office says he intends to have it framed, sooner or later.
The crust is thick but not dense or soggy.
Washington has rushed for 728 yards, caught passes for 454.
One more Chicago victory or one more New York loss will guarantee that the Mets finish in last place in the National League East.
Darryl Smith scored both touchdowns for the Vikings (2-5) on runs of 3 and 26 yards.
The two men are also art collectors and members of various committees at the Metropolitan Museum of Art, the Museum of Modern Art and the Solomon R. Guggenheim Museum in New York.
Admission is $2, 75 cents for children.
Operation Abroad Needed The essence of the new program is a requirement that companies set up a substantive operation abroad to qualify for the tax subsidy.
''We can use big words.
But if the panels were not painted, the paper facing on the gypsum board may well be damaged.
The headline on this lengthy encomium described the Governor as a ''Star Rising in the East.''
and Chase Econometrics think the gains in 1984 could be more substantial if the new price holds.
Next to him, in a brightly colored Yoruba robe, sat Adeyemi Ogunbiyi, 35, chairman of the drama department.
Reflecting on that period, Mrs. Bishop, a Westfield food historian, spoke about the differences between this cookbook and ''Pleasures of Colonial Cooking'' (N.J.H.S., $9.45, including cost of mailing), to which both women contributed.
STILL LIFE By Diane Keaton and Marvin Heiferman.
Four pieces by major American composers are on the program: Leonard Bernstein's haunting ''Chichester Psalms,'' ''Reincarnations'' by Samuel Barber, the witty ''Alice in Wonderland'' choruses by Irving Fine, and Randall Thompson's luminous tribute to one of America's greatest poets, ''Frostiana.''
At war's end, he was imprisoned by the Allies as a suspected war criminal.
Left-wing guerrillas firebombed a coffee processing plant in eastern El Salvador Tuesday night, causing $2 million in damage, the police said today.
Through the ophthalmoscope, the eye specialist will see white or yellow lumps under the surface of the macula.
The most important is that it will try to steer clear of using male fashion models.
Dr. Ride and Colonel Fabian, who holds a doctorate in engineering, are the nonpilot astronauts designated as mission specialists.
The other Democrat on the commission, George Douglas, a Texas economist who was appointed by President Reagan, holds more moderate views.
Further, the regulation has a ''rational relation'' to a valid state objective of insuring the health and welfare of its citizens.
In addition, the utility will have to raise rates to cover other costs, Mr. Simons said.
''We never get to see a picture.
We're opening in six weeks in a thousand theaters.''
I had frittered away life's luck for this small sum, about the size of Esau's pottage.
''Earnings per share were about $1.20 higher than they would have been without the Conoco merger,'' he said.
''If you're going to advertise, do it everywhere, not just one town, hoping you'll get white students.''
Early music is a burgeoning field.There will be many opportunities for young specialists and we want them to be prepared.''
His ethereal good looks and celebrated passions, his ''romantic'' Hungarian origins, his rise to superstar fame, and his embrace of spirituality in later life, would have made him the perfect hero of a Romantic novel; neither Stendhal nor Emily Bronte could have improved on him.
The television crew flew Friday to Fort Worth and Wichita Falls to tape highlights of high school playoff games, one involving an Odessa high school and the other a Midland high school, he added.
The Donoghue report said the seven- day yield on money funds, which equaled the rate on bank money market accounts two weeks ago, rose to 8.57 percent from 8.47 percent last week.
Should Century do well, Mr. Weingarten predicts that other tobacco makers may adopt the 25-cigarette pack.
last used in California in the Depression.
The drinking, the gambling, the general excess of Hammett's behavior during the 30's (he paid $30 a day for a shave) cannot be called merely unusual.
This in turn should indicate something about Mr. Andropov's ability to act upon his call for a less bureaucratized, more dynamic economy.
*3*** COMPANY REPORTS ** View Full Article in Timesmachine »
Supermarkets that seek to leave poor areas could receive assistance to become economically viable.
The peculiar sexual quirks of several of Leigh's passing customers are spelled out with startling clarity.
Testing a second missile is the violation charged to the Soviet Union.
A conservative policy of making environmental law more flexible and practical is one thing; eroding protective legal standards by administrative maneuver is quite another.
Markets Interest rates fell sharply after two weeks of inactivity.
Levi Strauss's net more than doubled.
At first glance, the D.O.T.
Plans by the Long Island Lighting Company to build an 800-megawatt coal-fired electric generating plant at Jamesport, L.I., have been nullified by the Appellate Division of State Supreme Court.
Another type of epidemiological study is to examine people who were exposed to a common event and then compare their health with others who were not.
NEW DELHI June 3 - The ruling Marxist Communist Party in West Bengal State, despite a strong challenge from the Congress Party of Prime Minister Indira Gandhi, has captured a majority in elections for about 56,000 village council seats in the eastern Indian state.
''Off-duty police behavior can be con-trolled only if the officer is performing a police duty, such as making an arrest,'' argues Phil Caruso, the head of the Patrolmen's Benevolent Association.
''Around here it's kind of provincial,'' said Mr. Nicoletta.
had conditioned its assistance to countries like Mexico, Argentina and Brazil on their acceptance of adjustment policies to make their economies operate more efficiently.
Ferry and the reedman Andy Mackay, who were original members, and the guitarist Phil Manzanera, who joined in time for the second Roxy Music album in late 1972.
''If you do not act on apartheid, that thing is going to explode,'' Mr. Kaunda told an audience at the National Press Club.
Mr. Boyd has modulated the brittle satire of ''Good Man,'' and the outrageous, ''M*A*S*H''-like events that Felix and Gabriel witness early on - an invasion routed by swarms of bees, an accident with a bomb-gun - give way to more sobering glimpses of brutality.
also said it would extend year-round its current ''Super Apex'' - advance purchase - fare of $549 round trip between New York and London, with comparable levels from the other cities.
When juice subsides, remove mushrooms.
This week, Akroyd & Smithers, one of the Exchange's largest stock wholesalers, became the investment target of Mercury Securities, the holding company for one of Britain's top merchant banks, S. G. Warburg.
Many of the desserts, however, excelled, especially a velvety chocolate ganache cake ($2.95), fresh pear tarte with an almond crust ($2.95) and an old-fashioned treat you don't see much these days: bread and butter custard ($2.95).
The music was easy to listen to.
The Cast THE NIGHT OF THE SHOOTING STARS, di- rected by Paolo and Vittorio Taviani; written (Italian with English subtitles) by the Tavianis and Giuliani G. De Negri, with the collaboration of Tonino Guerra; director of photography, France di Giacomo; edited by Roberto Perpig- nani; music by Nicola Plovani; produced by Giuliani G. De Negri as a co-production with RAI Radiotelevisione Italiana and Ager Cinemata- grafica; a United Artists Classics release.
The admiral said the losses were within the bounds of what was militarily acceptable, given the intensity of the hostile fire.
But the issue has become a key political test for the Administraiton.
But captivity was the problem.
Before treatment begins, Dr. Millman said, a thorough evaluation of the addictive behavior is needed: the underlying psychological issues, the social factors that reinforce addiction, the pharmacological effects and the patterns of abuse.
And we've never really considered changing.''
The chemical weapons requested contain two chemcials that remain harmless so long as they are separated.
It is too soon to tell if the programworks, but District Attorney Elizabeth Holtzman of Brooklyn said: ''This is an important option that was not available before.
It normally takes familiarity with out-of-way areas, or people living in them, to bring people to residential locations that are new to them.
In a recent report, the Fed estimated that transactions in the United States currency markets totaled $26 billion a day, an increase of about $8 billion a day from 1980.
Priscilla (Pat) Blum, a former cancer patient who flies her own private plane, was watching the corporate jets land at the Westchester County Airport here a few years ago and noticed that an average of only two persons got off every flight.
He and his wife consider themselves Californians now, and they like to get away whenever they can for weekends in their Stanford home.
If you can find it in New York or some other major city it will probably cost about $42.50 a bottle.
''We want to strengthen an area in which blacks and Hispanics are very under-represented,'' Mr.
According to the report in The Boston Globe, the Connecticut group has offered to guarantee the sale of more than 10,000 season tickets and to conclude an arrangement with the Civic Center that would generate more revenue for the Celtics than their arrangement with the Boston Garden.
A Mother Is Grateful Four generations of one family that receives such aid live in a one-room apartment on Kasprowicza Street.
A white bulb lit up.
It is also more frequently encoding data sent over global networks.
Mr. Fox represented the three Wisconsin men in N.L.R.B.
Instead, he chose pro hockey and instantly became one more teen-age N.H.L.
And the next day brought Sikorski another triumph - he was elected freshman whip by a substantial margin.
rule defining ''substantially identical,'' swappers usually look for distinctions in one or more of the material features of the two bonds.
Another adaptation to the new market conditions is on view in the Woodrow section of southern Staten Island, where Muss Development is building Woodbrooke, a 629-unit town house condominium development on 50 acres.
Goodwin was also bothered by his missed shot, and he worked to develop a jump shot that surprised coaches this season.
In the studio, Joanne Wert, 11, gave a loud sigh as she plopped on the floor after performing.
Its low last year was 10 7/8 and its high this year is 49 1/8.
Lucky the museum that has its Sickman!
Boston College, with a 24-6 record, is also expected to get an N.C.A.A.
Latin American art on May 12 and 13 totaled $1.8 million.
Consumer Spending Up Only 2.3% The disappointment in the first quarter was the performance of the consumer.
- I.J.G., Secaucus, N.J. A .
Any proposed installation that is not the standard four-inch-thick concrete made with Portland cement is referred to a three-member committee on distinctive sidewalks.
Even if the metal is a rust-resistant one like aluminum or brass, in many cases the screws, bolts or other fasteners used to hold it in place are not rust-resistant, so rust streaks will still show up as water runs off and carries the corrosion off with it.
The Mandalay Hotel is by far the best hotel in Mandalay - 26th Road and 3d Street (22499).
Some of them get in trouble, not by their own mistakes or intention but for reasons often beyond their control.
It is a sad time.
But a ninth Council member, Malta, was persuaded to abandon its reservations and join the majority, providing the critical vote.
Bishop Edward A. McGurkin, a Maryknoll missionary and retired bishop of Shinyanga, Tanzania, died of cancer Sunday at Phelps Memorial Hospital in North Tarrytown, N.Y.
But Mr. Nitze proposed last week to his Soviet counterpart, Yuli A. Kvitsinsky, that instead of taking their regular break in November, the two sides continue the talks at least through mid- December and make a determined effort to achieve a breakthrough.
There are advocates of merit pay for a few outstanding teachers, more pay for all teachers, or a new career ladder that, for example, would create the position of ''master teacher'' for those who assume new responsibilities, such as the training of teachers, planning the curriculum or presiding over teams of teachers.
Each team ends its training by simulating a space flight, with five children in a shuttle cockpit and the other five, operating ''Mission Control,'' connected to them by headsets.
''They were absolute muscleheads,'' he said, ''the gang that couldn't shoot straight.''
No lines are permitted to form outside the pantry -''The neighbors don't like it,'' says Mrs. Altfest.
Although Milan challenged in the late 1970's with a showcase of talented Italian artisans, designers and manufacturers, the threat quickly subsided as the French fought back and the Italians stumbled creatively.
Mr. Austin said refugees were supposed to apply in Pakistan or India to the United Nations High Commission for Refugees, stating a desire to go to the United States and waiting until American authorities assessed the applications.
It was her turn now.
Miss McBride, known as Kitty, is an interior design assistant with Stuart Mager Inc. in New York.
staff, said the evacuation would not be slowed by panic.
Disarmament Conference One point of difference between American and West German officials was apparent today on the subject of the prospects of a disarmament conference in Europe with the Soviet Union.
''We had the worst atmosphere of any plant in the country here at Framingham,'' he insisted.
Aficionados of army fatigues and military garb were drawn to Esse's folding settee on metal legs by Bruno Rota - a slick version of the rugged canvas army cot.
Then, in a span of 15 seconds, Minnesota scored two goals and undid most of what the Rangers had laboriously constructed.
Members of the ensemble are Lydia Biondi, Peter Gerber and Alejandro Moran, a different cast from the one that performed on Broadway in the late 1970's.
He moved just in time to avoid being blocked by his strongest challenger, Allwin Steady.
- lying in a back bedroom.
Strikeout Ends Game All five Chicago hits were singles, and none was produced by the second, third and fourth hitters in the lineup.
Mr. Riggs is a son of Mr. and Mrs. Homer D. Riggs of Owensboro, Ky. His father, who is retired, was with the Bureau of Alcohol, Tobacco and Firearms, a division of the Treasury Department.
A great deal, it appears, as can be seen in the ambitious exhibition ''Frank Lloyd Wright and the Prairie School,'' opening Tuesday and remaining through December at the Cooper-Hewitt Museum, the Smithsonian Institution's National Museum of Design, Fifth Avenue at 91st Street.
''I took hash browns, fresh eggs, onions and pancake mix and mixed them together to make a big potato puff,'' the 53-year-old fireman said.
People are still dying for it in Northern Ireland.''
His campaign treasurer, Maria Petit, said last week that if 45 percent of the city's registered black voters went to the polls, there would be no runoff.
But instead of dumping milk and shooting livestock to protest low prices, this time the farmers will take the milk and the slaughtered meats into Middle West cities and distribute the food free to blacks, union members and unemployed laborers as a sign of unity.
This procedure was used to keep Gary Arnold of Santa Cruz from introducing resolutions criticizing the Reagan Administration's role in El Salvador and attacking the Trilateral Commission, the group of leading politicans, businessmen and scholars set up by David Rockefeller to promote relations between the United States, European nations and Japan.
''There was a high probability that we would have ended up playing schools of a distant character and geography,'' he said.
In Search of Prospects In the last two years, other N.H.L.
Betty Lou Spooner, a clerk in the Brookfield Post Office, made up buttons that said, ''Beaver Fever - Catch It.''
It was his first victory over the Orioles in nearly four years and his first against them at Memorial Stadium in more than five years.
What kind of man would pretend he's the sort who does it all the time?
Within the last five years, agency agreements have been successfully renegotiated in three situations - Birmingham, Ala.; Albuquerque, N.M., and Shreveport, La.
With copper tubing added for limbs, she creates such figures as an opera afficionado and a group of viewers at an art museum.
''Sure, it was fine print,'' says the Republican Senator, ''but a rule's a rule.''
Admission: $2; students and the elderly, $1, and those younger than 12, free.
But is this the same Neiman-Marcus that over the decades established an international reputation as America's retailing tastemaker?
According to Sotheby's officials, about 17 percent of the stock is held by employees and directors of the company, and about 25 percent is held by British institutions; a successful takeover would be difficult without that 42 percent.
A commander who used the code name 0-3 said the enemy appeared to be tightly controlled by Cuban and Bulgarian advisers and that they relied too heavily on trucks for movement.
Most major retailers, including Sears, Roebuck & Company and Toys 'R' Us, said they would have very few machines available until next year.
The thrust of those communications was that manufacturers would discontinue distributing through off-price retailers and that department stores would discontinue retailing products that also are distributed by their manufacturers through lower-price retailers.
''Jesse did a real good job, coming in in the ninth inning and striking out two guys,'' said Bamberger.
State Farm and others also offer discounts to drivers over age 65.
New construction is ''the least effective solution to the problem of crime, since many inmates emerge from prison knowing little except how to commit new crimes, and an essentially defeatist remedy for the problem of overcrowding,'' the report says.
''What is likely to happen is that we will wind up paying about as much for power as New England does - but less than New York.''
Discussing the results later with Dr. Alfred O. Nier, another Minnesota scientist, who headed a Viking atmospheric science team, Dr. Pepin said the problem might be some ''contamination'' from ordinary nitrogen that the rock absorbed during processing in the laboratory.
STEPHEN T. BOYLE Assistant Director, Congressional and Public Affairs, U.S. Department of Justice Office of Justice Assistance, Research and Statistics Washington, Sept. 8
Although the Cuban Government has not commented, a Western diplomat said Colonel Bouterse had been made nervous by the Cubans' contacts with lesser Suriname officials and may have feared that Cuba was sowing dissent in his ranks.
Even in Southampton, where the prescience of village planners in the 50's bought 25 years of relative peace on the parking front, finding a place to put additional parking has arisen again as a major concern.
Suellen Todd Wilson, daughter of Mr. and Mrs. Fredric J. Wilson Jr. of Old Greenwich, Conn., and West Stockbridge, Mass., was married yesterday to Jeffrey Weston Wheeler of Boca Raton, Fla., son of Joan Weston Wheeler and Thomas B. Wheeler Jr. of Loudonville, N.Y.
''After his freshman year, college football could only expose him to injury and a loss of great potential money,'' said Cannon.
Each chapter lists specific tips together with books and articles providing an overview of the topics as well as free or low-cost publications.
They shared the plane with two other men in Grenada on O.A.S.
''Here he comes moping out onto the ice.
So far their tests on two animals have not turned up any dioxin residues.
But can Washington honestly dissociate itself from that act - from the continuation of the rule of violence in the Philippines?
In an expensive hotel in Venice, the room ''did not seem like a room for transients.''
There are still improvisational comedy revues of the Second City school, spawning new inheritors to the fabled tradition of Mike Nichols, Elaine May and Alan Arkin.
Mr. Shultz has only recently come to see Syria as the problem rather than as part of the solution.
''I would emphasize,'' he added, ''that you can't totally equate commitment to funding.
''It was a tightly run competitive operation, in which several different writing teams were assigned to the same recording project.
''If I were young now, I'd go again,'' she said, her clear, blue eyes brightening from under a fringe of short gray hair.
But Alcator's extremely powerful magnets have been able to confine a deuterium plasma long enough and at sufficiently high density to produce ''break-even'' reactions in which energy output matches the input.
There is something about falling into possession of $1 million that captures the imagination of some people.
The more stringent requirement came from the House committee, although the key provision was ambiguous.
101221 WHITE GOLD WIELDER, by Stephen R. Donaldson.
Would we rather the Soviets tried to cope with this enhanced threat by arms control or counter-armament?
Mrs. de Rothschild, now 88 years old, greeted them and members of their families at a luncheon in a dining room of the enormous French Renaissance mansion.
The Bad Old DaysPhilip Caruso, the P.B.A.
Dr. Geschwind said that in 65 percent of brains, the planum temporale is larger on the left; in 24 percent the two sides are equal and in 11 percent the planum is larger on the right.
''Business people make decisions based on perception.''
Imported beers are available along with a few inexpensive wines, the best of which is Egri Bikaver at $10.75.
A new Protestant seminary in Nanjing is training 124 future pastors.
They include such high-tech companies as Intermedics and Digital Equipment, as well as telecommunications giants like L. M. Ericcson and defense contractors such as Lockheed.
Western Union's charges also include $15 million for a voluntary retirement program aimed at reducing the work force by 600 to 800 people, out of 14,000, according to Warren R. Bechtel, assistant vice president for corporate communications.
The more classical choreography for the bridal couple is less interesting.
Lila Rosenthal, the wife of the late Representative Benjamin S. Rosenthal said yesterday that she had ''reconsidered'' her decision of Monday and was ''actively going to seek the nomination'' for the House seat of the Queens Democrat.
Then Nelson Rockefeller gave us a small grant and offices'' in Rockefeller Center.
*3*** COMPANY REPORTS ** View Full Article in Timesmachine »
Most recently Mr. Bliss has become known across the country in the Missouri dioxin contamination case.
We have had a gutter man spend an afternoon risking his life scaling ladders and prancing across our slippery slate roof, shake his head solemnly at the state of our leaders and flashing, and vanish forever with those famous words, ''I'll send you an estimate.''
Or, setting up a ''national development bank'' patterned after the New Deal era's Reconstruction Finance Corporation.
It is this aspect of the case that Mr. Castillo said he planned to pursue.
''My father's done a lot of house repairs and he's taught me how to do it,'' Mr. McCullough said with a confident smile when asked how he felt about fixing up an old house.
He was elected to that office after voters in both the city and the parish approved the consolidation.
The new freedoms have also increased the opportunity for management to make mistakes.
Mr. Cronyn recalled that he had first optioned Mr. Williams's work in 1938.
I want to help the Red Sox win the division.''
But Michael J. Del Giudice, the Governor's secretary, said competitive pressures in the industry would prevent oil companies from passing the entire cost of the tax on to consumers.
It begins with the basic types of textured glass that Tiffany developed - mottled, striated, rippled, fractured, knobby, granular and undulating.
''Every two to three years we can get one to each school.''
Our customers already pay disproportionately to the rest of the country because they pay more taxes through their utility bills than do the customers of any other utility, and because we are compelled, by law, to burn very low-sulfur oil (virtually available only from foreign sources) while others, particularly in the Midwest, are allowed to burn much cheaper domestic coal.
Aggressive Against Run Walton explained that the Rams were especially aggressive against the run, ''and we thought we could pass on them.''
But there must have been literary activity throughout the society.
In addition there are the ever-present slugs and mosquitoes.
The reservation police have been instructed to avoid ''personal confrontation'' in confiscating the meat.
Cardinal Dictated Statement It was also on that Thursday that the Cardinal announced to church officials that he intended to inform the public about his illness.
73), and Claude Debussy's spare, ehereal Sonata was wonderfully gray.
Dare you try to find out if the landlord i s charging an illegally high rent?
It is unfortunate that we often confuse our real interest in these areas with rights of ownership.
Long-Term Joblessness But even this brighter long-term outlook indicates that the unemployment rate will not fall to 6.6 percent until the end of 1988.
This plant has been operated by the company under a 50-year license that expired in 1979.
''For the time being, we are looking at these properties,'' said Earl E. Jones, assistant commissioner for the agency's Office of Real Property in Washington.
Meanwhile, the second mugger tried to snatch a gold chain hanging around Mrs.
Both sides acknowledged that several bitterly fought Senate races in 1982 led to the decision by Republicans to block Democratic bills and to deny funds to the seven Democratic members.
One bribe of about $25,000, it added, went to an insurance company official for ''the retroactive reinstatement of a fire insurance policy after an arson had occurred.''
The first questions tended to be trivial, though absolutely vital to the person concerned.
Rape, poisoning and incest have room on stage.
The resulting loss in dues revenue has forced the union to consider dismissing 344 of its 1,400 staff members, a painful act for an organization that has prided itself on compassion and says it has made major efforts to hire top-flight staff people instead of political appointees.
But the United States Court of Appeals for the Ninth Circuit, labeling it ''majoritarian tyranny,'' said the law violated the Fifth Amendment, which permits the Government to condemn private property only for ''public use.''
''I think scoring helps our game,'' Jim Kensil says.
A Crucial Call After an incomplete pass, Risher hit Hilliard over the middle for 14 yards and threw over the middle again to the split end Eric Martin, who made a spectacular one-handed diving catch at the 7.
The fruit and vegetable stands have stacks of lotus and taro roots, bok choy and choy sum, dried black mushrooms and cuttlefish alongside the fresh fruits and vegetables, and in the Sam Bok market on Main Street, Hono Pak will sell you five-feet-long sheets of dried seaweed and bottles of Mackoly, one brand of natural Korean rice wine.
That's how it begins, but the final pattern, Williams reminded Mike Wallace in an interview, may have ''as much originality as jazz.''
Donnelly (D) Y Y NEW JERSEY 1.
Therefore, it seems to me that we have to invent new ways to handle the nuclear future, to imagine new politics.
Schwarz Jr., head of the city's Law Department and chairman of the group urging the Mayor to change his policies.
The executor says Miss Fleming got it through fraud and duress.
At U.S.F., some of our senior faculty confided to me that they had become troubled and disillusioned observing the kind of university they thought we were in danger of becoming in our recent efforts to reach the top 20 basketball rankings each year.
In fact, the South African system makes it necessary to reapply to the censors for a permit for each film festival.
''I was just hoping Winfield was believing what he was seeing.
His deposition was filed in connection with a suit brought in the United States District Court for the Eastern District of New York by Bridge CAT Scan Associates, a Long Island radiology group that claimed to have received a defective machine.
The recovery ended a search that began shortly after the accident Saturday night.
The cars are virtually the same.
Mr. Bradfield was the listed beneficiary of $900,000 in Mrs. Reinert's will and various life insurance policies.
The study found that discrimination against girls in the vocational schools comes in many forms.
* Federal Express Corp. increased its maximum weight limit per package to 125 pounds, from 70 pounds.
Life's Magic Beats Althea ARCADIA, Calif., Nov. 12 (UPI) - Life's Magic won a stretch drive from her stablemate Althea by a half- length today to capture the $273,850 Oak Leaf Stakes for 2-year-old fillies over a sloppy track at Santa Anita.
The gift also includes a large group of paintings, prints and drawings by George Bellows (1882-1925), the American painter who was the subject of a one-man show at the National Gallery last year.
After finishing a dull sixth in the Jerome Handicap, Sunny's Halo was found to have bled a bit from the lungs, a condition that actually occurs with more than 50 percent of horses.
The other mother had money.
The State Comptroller's office said yesterday that an unannounced inspection last month of the state's Brooklyn Developmental Center for the mentally retarded and disabled found at least 10 employees asleep on the job and others who were signed in but could not be located.
Sabres 'Up Mentally' Perreault's goal inspired the Sabres.
The B is James A. Baker 3d, the chief of staff.
A more immediate and perhaps more critical task for the Knorr is to discover how much carbon dioxide the oceans are absorbing.
''However, when we sought help from Jewish organizations - moral, not financial help - we were turned down because the fear they felt of becoming involved was now so widespread among minority groups.''
wishes to sanction the middleweight fight between Marvin Hagler and Wilford Scypion, they both know the address and telex number of my office and can contact us.
President Reagan, however, should pick up where Nitze-Kvitsinsky left off; that could reunite NATO, defuse the issue in German politics and perhaps bring Moscow around.
Mr. Cuomo also signed a law requiring police stations to post information on compensation for victims of crimes.
Mr. Solomen was listed in serious but stable condition at the City Hospital Center at Elmhurst.
He said, ''I knew it would take a little time for me up here, and I'm grateful for the patience the Generals had towards me.''
The styles range from straightforward side chairs and tables to ornate sofas and overscale armoires and desks.
We have been losing many of our manufacturing jobs because we cannot compete with imports from such countries as Japan and Germany, where they can make a better product and usually make it cheaper.
More than 75 agencies and groups - providing health care and services for neighborhoods, the elderly and monorities - were supported with 1981 campaign funds.
Australia II is the Ben Lexcen design with the secret keel.
Cover with a cutting board or another cookie sheet and then turn upside down again, leaving the cake right side up.
Mr. Rafuse has also decided to preserve the estate's 70-year old mansion, a 10-bedroom house that was owned and designed by two different descendents of John (Bull) Smith, the founder of Smithtown.
Ever since he took command as sole owner in 1977, he has had one coach, Glen (Slats) Sather, now the president and general manager as well.
The identities of the victims were withheld pending notification of their families.
Part of that influence was technical: leading a composer to a better understanding of the violin while writing a violin concerto, for instance.
Michael Ironside Grandman Patterson .
Revenue figures for the year-ago quarter and year and for the latest year have been reclassified.
Health Department officials said they wanted to make sure that they were moved with ''the least amount of emotional anxiety and trauma.''
Wall Street analysts said that despite its defeat in the proxy fight, Odyssey apparently would show a profit on its estimated 300,000 shares, or 1 percent of the company, even after costs of the battle, which are thought to have exceeded $1 million.
The material released Tuesday included a purported list of anti-Reagan strategems described to Reagan officials as having come from ''a source intimately connected to a Carter debate staff member.''
Archaeological Institute of America, New York City, $575,000 to expand program endowment.
She went to Brooklyn College and received a master's degree in English literature from New York University in 1964.
In the last few years, tens of thousands of bicycles have been assembled from junked parts and sold under prestigious brand names.
But it does suggest the relative value put on public radio in a small country with a distressed economy and in the richest country on earth.
Rule for New Offerings This week, for example, the agency will consider rule changes that would modify the registration form for smaller public offerings, Form S-18, and its rule on the resale of securities in private offerings.
We know that no municipality in Arizona has comparable figures, or similar industrial-to-residential ratios.
So will former Senator Stuart Symington and his son, former Representative James Symington, who customarily sings at such gatherings.
The association's newly purchased computer, which will go into operation next month, is a key element in the scheme.
The United States has rejected Soviet charges that the police in Paramus, N.J., were guilty of ''rude, illegal and degrading actions'' when they arrested the wife of a Soviet diplomat last month who the police accused of shoplifting.
More than 900 members of the cult died after Mr. Jones ordered them to drink a mixture of a powdered soft drink and cyanide.
Kinsbrunner was indicted last spring on 16 criminal counts charging that he violated the Food and Drug Act and United States Customs laws in illegally distributing the drugs.
''The main factors holding down exports this year are the high dollar, slow recovery abroad and debt problems in developing countries which are important customers,'' Commerce Secretary Malcolm Baldrige said in a statement.
All of these dishes transported me back to those days before nouvelle cuisine.
He said that in the last decade the emphasis had been on cars and keeping them in good repair rather than on track.
He's a hard worker in practice and he's always doing things to make himself better.
Before his election to Congress in 1980, he failed for four years to file income tax returns and served a month in jail in 1972.
''We were making a purchase of legislative power in the future, in exchange for funds now.''
''I believe that as an active practicing artist I am within my rights to make this request and while I do not give up hope and will go on, this decision has been a great blow to me personally and to the future of my company to which I have committed myself.''
He has worked as a sculptor and became especially interested in environmental art.
The ceremony was performed by the bride's father, rabbi at the Highland Park Jewish Center, and the bridegroom's father, rabbi of the Austrian Congregation of New York and a professor at Baruch College.
In a 1979 report entitled ''The State of the Environment'' the international organization singled out noise pollution, saying: ''No one can escape the unwanted sound that is called noise, a disturbance to our environment escalating so rapidly as to become one of the major threats to the quality of human life.''
Mall and extend west under the Northern State Parkway to the Long Island Expressway and then west to the county line.
They are scared, Mr. Brown said, and Mr. Vaughn said they are justified.
In a telephone interview, Mr. Myers said that there had been no difficulty leaving and that he had been told other flights left the island that morning when a four-day curfew was lifted.
Weeks before the story of the purported Hitler diaries became front-page news in America, the West German weekly magazine Stern asked a New York literary agent to sell the magazine and syndicate rights to an excerpt from the diaries.
The Orioles counter with Mike Flanagan, a former Cy Young Award recipient.
They could receive up to five years in prison and a $10,000 fine.
She graduated from Antioch College and received a master's degree in guidance and counseling from the Bank Street College of Education and a master's degree in psychology from Teachers College of Columbia.
If this is so, doctors still do not know what causes it, how to prevent it or how to treat it.
Because of delays involved in this procedure, the process of evacuating all Cuban personnel is expected to take several days.
And Volkswagen dealers reported a gain in sales of 6.8 percent, selling 2,522 new cars in the 10-day period this year and 2,361 last year.
* Stelco Inc. filed a preliminary prospectus for an offering in Canada of units to consist of common shares and warrants, through Wood Gundy.
The sampling included more than 200 showers and storms.
Realty, founded by Mr. Morris six years ago, is jointly owned by him and the Van Kamp Group, an investment banking firm.
The company effectively sets North Sea prices because it trades about 1.3 million barrels of oil daily, out of 2.2 million produced in the British North Sea oilfields.
One must learn the appropriate lessons from these shortcomings, and we recommend that, in addition to internal control in this matter, an investigation into the shortcomings and the manner of correcting them be undertaken by an expert or experts to be appointed by a ministerial defense committee.
productions have, indeed, moved on, but with results that generally indicate a loss of some quality that made them sing on 103d Street and whimper in other houses.
''There was something special about the Bronx in those days, a feeling,'' said Renee Sartoris, who lives in Bayside, Queens, now and who was standing amid a cluster of friends.
In fact, the question of cultural change most perturbs critics of the McKinsey analysis.
The foundation purchased 75 acres and built its headquarters there, while Merrill Lynch has started work on a 1.8 million-square-foot training facility and conference center on its 275 acres.
In 1967, William Manchester, the author, was also represented by Mr. Eldridge when Jacqueline Kennedy tried to block Harper & Row's publication of Mr. Manchester's ''Death of a President,'' an account of President John F. Kennedy's assassination.
A three-course dinner with wine is likely to average $23 a person, including tax and tip.
Three years ago, OPEC pumped more than 30 million barrels of oil a day and accounted for more than 60 percent of world sales; today, its output is less than half that and its market share is less than 30 percent.
Having in production a missile that could effectively counter such a Soviet step should help deter them from taking it.