He and another doorman on the block said the driver was seen outside the Revlon Building nearly every afternoon, waiting for an executive.
9 Public Theater to show recent Italian movies.
Pack's mouth when his body was discovered in a ravine in a remote area of the Putnam County town of Kent in January 1992; the defense team contends that Chad Gordon shot Dr.
Nobody knows what to do about them.
He cited, among others, the unsustainability of a 1.3 percent burst in energy prices resulting mainly from the mid-month blizzard and continued moderation in prices at earlier stages of production.
Madeline is the youngest film maker represented there.
By the end of the contract, the city's total labor costs will have risen by about $1.1 billion a year.
"PLACE AND CYBERSPACE IN THE GLOBAL ECONOMY," New Museum of Contemporary Art, 583 Broadway, at Prince Street, SoHo.
Tahira Aziz, a sophomore, said that she found a hopeful sign in that "the white students brought the issue out."
would continue to control the Government worked as de facto collateral," a banking official was quoted as saying.
There is a definite do-it-yourself factor -- both in conception and execution -- something proudly self-installed, with buck-and-a-half water taps from the hardware store.
With Indiana leading by 35-28, New Haven drove to the Indians' 2.
In interviews yesterday, police officers seemed divided about the ban.
The Little League yesterday disqualified the Dominican Republic and 14-time World Series champion Taiwan for rules violations.
But Ms. Collins noted that there are plenty of distractions in a car.
Consultants Many Questions, Many to Answer Employee-benefits consultants, who occupied a hot corner of the consulting market in the 1980's, are expecting explosive growth in the health care revolution.
I ask you now to hear me.
His death sparked several days of anti-Arab rioting by Jewish settlers.
The other wild-card berth in the National Conference awaits the Minnesota Vikings (8-7) if they beat the Redskins (4-11) Friday in Washington.
While the society does not know how many other historic properties in Queens are in similar straits, Mr. Saunders cited another landmark, the home of Arthur Hammerstein in Whitestone, Queens, that has been empty and deteriorating since its previous owners left it behind at least 10 years ago.
Nearly 30,000 Americans are on waiting lists for organs.
MICHAEL AVERKO Malverne Park, L.I., Nov. 1, 1993
It's difficult to coordinate the 25 different categories of skilled workers employed by the Division of School Facilities.
One minute it feels like a sprawling picturesque epic, the next like a persnickety documentary.
The suspect, Guo Liang Chi, was arrested in Hong Kong on Friday, the officials said.
First, divide the planting area into a long narrow strip.
Thursday night at Avery Fisher Hall, Leonard Slatkin directed the New York Philharmonic in a rendition that began well and finished superbly.
That channel became the Yangtze River gorges, and the goddess stayed behind in the form of a rock pinnacle.
The liability does not result from a newsprint sale, though The Post did once buy newsprint from another Murdoch newspaper.
Then the Bush, a prominent fringe theater in London, put on Mr. Roche's "Handful of Stars," which he said had grown out of a phrase he had jotted down several years before and pinned to a wall.
Today's Columns German stocks may be on the edge of recovery, particularly in the chemical sector.
Two attache cases believed to contain explosives were removed from the plane, state television said.
There are two of them in the knee, the medial and lateral, and both work to absorb weight within the knee and provide stability.
In addition, he said it was possible that the white bread is often spread with margarine.
The Government imposed a huge tax increase to pay for new social programs for the poor and sharply increased the minimum wage, measures that many economists predicted would increase unemployment, bring on a recession and fuel inflation.
She said the police had become "very, very communalized," a term referring to virulent sectarian prejudice, and added: "People have lost faith in the police."
The farms, though productive, were abandoned in the rush to cities and to the country's interior.
He arrived in a natty pinstriped blue business suit.
'Did Not Have Authority' Commissioner Frank J. Dodd, whose term is expiring and who said Wednesday's meeting was his last, cast the lone vote in support of the association's request.
It is nearly impossible for either employees or tourists to buy flowers at the complex.
The plant evacuation is the first step in a $21 million renovation of the elegant old Crystal Palace greenhouse -- and the start of a seven-year, $165-million master plan to rebuild, both physically and philosophically, one of the city's landmark institutions.
The inquiry is run by the Navy.
Late in entering the portable market, Apple now seems to be on a schedule of revamping its line every six months.
Neediest Cases B2 Parking Notice B3 Chronicle B5
All took risk into account in some form, and Forbes included expense ratios in its calculation.
I learned that the ship was nine years old and had been built in Rhode Island on the model of a Baltimore coastal schooner similar to the kind used by Yankee privateers in the Revolutionary War.
"I don't believe the studies are overwhelmingly convincing."
In recognition of these difficulties, Chemical has partly backed off its initial goal of a double-A rating by next year.
He just got fed up and exploded.
On Monday evening, the Met will begin two weeklong presentations of the entire cycle to end its season.
Fifteen years here and I'll learn."
Willing to Bargain Several Republicans seemed willing to bargain, too, suggesting they might support a pared-down bill that retained about $6 billion of the most politically salable programs: jobless benefits, inner-city summer jobs and childhood immunizations.
"I don't think so," he said.
They have complained for years about the agency's independence.
As the clown begins her first conversation with herself, the dialogue dabbles in wordplay (and punitive punning) while never taking itself too seriously.
Adventure after adventure has been tacitly based on the assumption that there is a direction to evolution -- that no matter where in the universe they unfold, Darwin's laws will conspire to produce creatures remarkably like those we might see at a Halloween party.
The ads themselves seem intended to avoid ceding the airwaves to his Republican-Liberal challenger, Rudolph W. Giuliani, who has been broadcasting his commercials for three weeks.
"We're getting into the busy season," their mother said.
"My brother won't get me any more movie jobs if I can't keep my eyes open on camera."
Kiefer registered seven birdies and two bogeys.
They studied paintings, engravings, classical mythology and their own cities, towns and countrysides for subjects.
In this unscientific but extraordinarily vocal sample, the vote was split down the middle with one point of unanimity: almost no one liked either candidate enthusiastically.
Mr. Clinton has taken three helpful steps.
Can someone hold for field goals and conversions?
The engine, mounted longitudinally and driving the rear wheels through a four-speed automatic, produces 185 horsepower and 300 foot-pounds of torque.
Some prominent Bosnian artists, like Emir Kusturica, a film director, have stayed away from the city throughout the siege.
The Mayor said the lead underwriter in the sewerage authority bond issue was a major contributor to his opponent in the Mayor's race and said he made no attempt to oppose the contract award.
External drives, with cases and power supplies, are more expensive.
Although the family leave bill was enacted this year, its lobbyists helped to persuade Congress to cut the leaves to half the length originally proposed.
"You start with the commonality," said Mr.
The Blue Jays have won 10 of 11 and hold a five-and-a-half-game lead over the second-place Yankees and a six-game lead over the Baltimore Orioles, both of whom did not play.
This is a backstage look at a collision of illusion and reality, as represented by two actors trying to play a scene with severe emotional echoes in their own lives.
Mr. Segel, named chairman emeritus, said he had achieved all of his personal objectives, noting that QVC had become the first televised shopping company to surpass $1 billion in annual revenue.
But can our minds encompass a vision of the streets of Bombay, or of scores of exploding cities around the world, in another few decades?
"That's the only way we're going to reduce our costs."
The British Broadcasting Corporation reported that a technician in Libreville had worked on a problem with the plane, but it did not give any details.
A rival ownership group was formed last week and hopes to be ready by Tuesday.
10 8 34 WAITING TO EXHALE, by Terry McMillan.
It will invite every other interest group to clamor for compromise.
Goldman, Sachs & Company won the bidding on the $250 million variable-rate portion of the sale.
The equation of sexual humiliation with a lack of self-respect is the grotesquely overstated premise that drives the movie, which Mr. Murakami adapted from his novel "Topaz."
"I'll know which players have the commitment and dedication it takes to win," he said today.
Something is wrong with the person who sits and does nothing when something funky comes on.
By itself, that wouldn't figure to infuse much sentiment into a sport generally lacking in it and into a crowd well-fueled by beer.
The Senate convicted him despite his resignation.
Leaders of the United Irish Counties, the Emerald Societies and the Ancient Order of Hibernians -- groups that have been as much a part of the parade as wearing green -- have called for them to stay away.
The move toward home-computer newspaper services has accelerated this summer as two of the country's biggest newspaper chains, the Times Mirror Company and Cox Enterprises, announced plans for electronic services at their newspapers, including Times Mirror's Los Angeles Times and its New York newspaper, Newsday.
The trade agreement has also contributed to a vast increase in the number of foreign computer chips being designed as part of Japanese products and in the number of alliances between American and Japanese companies.
But he did have a key role defensively in helping the Railsplitters earn their sixth shutout of the season.
(212) 679-3966 Preventative Dental Associates .
Mr. Hinton's entire career was at Morgan Guaranty and its predecessor, the J. P. Morgan Company, the fabled Wall Street firm.
The plots, too, have an only-in-New-York quality.
The sleeves of his Armani A/X plaid shirt are rolled up a la James Dean.
The Congressional study, "Intelligence Successes and Failures in Operations Desert Shield/Storm," raises important issues, particularly on the military's difficulty in assessing the effectiveness of air strikes.
Mr. Mee's dark vision of society -- here America as collapsed Greece -- is not brighter than in his other plays, but his humor is sharper.
But the garden is our safe haven."
"Ours is an industry that has been devastated by the recession, yet we have been able to almost double our volume over the last 12 months.
The study found that 58.1 percent had mild to moderate symptoms of mental illness and 23.4 percent suffered severe problems.
In those cases soft music provides a wall of intimacy for diners, removes the nervous edge, sort of the way "white noise" drowns out street clatter and helps some people sleep.
The word derives from Senator David Boren of Oklahoma, who single-votedly killed President Clinton's tax program in the Finance Committee, thus compelling the President to place tax policy at the disposal of the nation's most skilled lobbyists.
The drama of the tragedy was further heightened by its timing -- little more than a hour before Mayor David N. Dinkins was scheduled to visit the school to exhort its students to shun violence and drugs.
If I went to Indiana, I'd get a sense of what Bobby Knight is going to be like.
Needful Things Directed by Fraser C. Heston; written by W. D. Richter, based on the novel by Stephen King; director of photography, Tony Westman; edited by Rob Kobrin; music by Patrick Doyle; production designer, Douglas Higgins; produced by Jack Cummins; released by Columbia Pictures.
"No one is absolutely certain what these are," said Chip Horton, standing beneath the cathedral-like canopy of the allee.
Grandpa, he'd take a piece of wood and say, 'Now, Jimmy, there's something in this wood trying to get out.
I am surprised how much initial support there is.
According to Perkins, only one of 21 varsity sports at UConn is self-supporting, men's basketball.
The five-point program Mr. Yeltsin outlined today was largely a reaffirmation of pledges he has made before.
So the Senate majority leader, George Mitchell, described Republican obstructionism that prompted his withdrawal of key provisions aimed at increasing voter registration among the poor and unemployed.
Other States and Stakes But other courses beckon other horses.
These works will be for sale.
Choreography Praised One thing everyone was pleased with was Mr. Lubovitch's choreography, which was crowned by the 18-minute "Red Shoes Ballet."
The fifth-quickest firing of a rookie manager in major league history stunned Perez, who fought back tears while talking to reporters at his apartment building.
The request itself perpetuates the shame and encourages the children to feel ashamed of something that is out of their control and, consequently, to feel ashamed of themselves.
"And at this stage it's kind of academic."
Transit officials promise that there will be no net reductions in service but they reserve the right to cut from underutilized routes to add to others.
Put the stew in two eight-cup pie dishes or eight individual two-cup pie dishes.
I am very grateful for this chance to not only help my husband, but serve my country."
It's back to kitchen basics -- wooden cutting boards -- according to a finding by University of Wisconsin microbiologists.
Under the direction of Beth Shachter, the tone of the acting is a bit too strident.
"I will admit that there have been certain authoritarian governments that have been useful in moving things through a difficult period.
Two new luxury hotels and an addition to the venerable Peninsula are the latest developments in the continuing boom in Hong Kong accommodations.
When the undercover investigators were discussing the sale with Mr. Portero, he suggested that the best route for them to take to avoid being stopped by law-enforcement officials searching for drugs and guns would be a series of back roads through Florida and Georgia before getting on Interstate 95, Mr. Johnson said.
Not nearly enough attention is being paid to the nation's employment problems.
The legislation reduces residential and commercial property taxes by up to 65 percent, or by about $6 billion a year.
By the time Graves came back, the Rangers were on the brink of elimination.
Mr. McCrea replied that only her insurance agent could answer that question, and that she should contact him as soon as she could.
The lives of nations, and sometimes their fates, are played out at such places, and the relationships between regular patrons are dense and multi-layered.
FOR most people, Christmas is 32 days away.
There are a lot of misconceptions.
Live" on Sunday, before the Buffalo-Miami A.F.C.
2,770 Working Mothers Among preschoolers whose fathers cared for them, 43 percent of the mothers were in technical or sales work; 26 percent worked in the service industry; 22 percent were managers or professionals, and 8 percent worked with heavy machinery or in construction.
Add the fennel mixture and blend until smooth.
Mr. Swinston, always one of the company's most polished dancers, sets out the leaping and slinking motifs of the piece.
He recalled that in 1991, 125 seniors in his mechanical engineering design course had produced five different full-size mock-ups of what a Cadillac might look like in the year 2000.
When he died in an air crash in 1970, the movement he had done so much to build was already facing changes in the American economy that would prove even more formidable than the automobile barons of the 1930's.
"And this group, from top to bottom, loves to prove people wrong.
And I assure you that I'm going to have a strategy to try to invest in commercial aviation.
Marey intuitively recognized what Ms. Braun reveals as the scandal of Muybridge's corpus of locomotion studies: they are so full of gaps, rearrangements and seemingly willful deceptions that they are useless as objective data.
Until last month, the company stated in Securities and Exchange Commission filings that software programs developed by Pioneer Data were currently being used to take orders.
Controversy Over Nuclear Head But controversy surrounds Mr. Zifferero's past links with Baghdad.
By enlisting Mr. Stiglitz and Mr. Blinder, Ms. Tyson would seem to have defused such criticism.
(2) Even if one accepts the need to operate the bilingual system, a city is not the best institution to carry out this task.
This hot dog has, he swears, turned into a devoted dog.
City officials also took steps to control the problem of falling water pressure caused by residents uncapping fire hydrants to beat the heat.
Schools and Federal offices had a quadrennial holiday, so natives joined tourists beneath a Capitol that was dressed for the day in gowns of red, white and blue, and glittered in the January sun.
Providing them with a means for sustainable development -- which is the core philosophy in Mr. Clinton's revamping of A.I.D.
In a scattered life, this place is the closest thing to home, "the one point of return," she calls it.
"No one is interested in Somalia now," the Secretary General said, arguing that without progress toward peace the rest of the world will quickly tire of its fractious leaders and allow famine and civil war to continue.
In addition, Denver's high altitude and dust triggered respiratory problems and asthma attacks.
The collapse of America under Government debt.
"If anybody thinks that this last loss by a hair means that I'm going to be a pushover, they've got another guess coming.
Net earnings and earnings per share were reduced by $ 92,000, or 4 cents a share, due to the inclusion of $ 150,000 of accounts payable incurred but not recorded, in error, for the second quarter of 1993.The company originally reported net income of $ 152,000, or 6 cents a share, for the second quarter, and net income of $ 175,000, or 8 cents a share, for the first 6 months.
With only a token challenge to Mayor David N. Dinkins, the bitter battle for city comptroller took center stage as two opponents, Herman Badillo and Alan G. Hevesi, vied to force the incumbent, Elizabeth Holtzman, into a runoff election on Sept. 28 by denying her the 40 percent of the vote needed for the nomination.
Gibbs, who coached at Mississippi from 1972 to 1990, played for the Yankees from 1962 to 1971 as a backup catcher.
His wife, Harper (Marcia Gay Harden), is addicted to Valium and going crazy, and her suspicions that Joe may be a latent homosexual are not quieting her hallucinations.
He attributed that largely to the decision of Presidents Ronald Reagan and George Bush to "reshape the Supreme Court by moving it far to the right."
The indoor pool, at 86 degrees, was a natural attraction, and skaters at the outdoor ice rink found that skates glided more smoothly through the ice than they did on warmer days.
Mr. Dinkins's aides are happy to acknowledge his advantages.
Once the spurned upstart, television has become a prestigious player.
Mr. Kurtz received a B.A.
"We love it," guard Travis Ford said.
The Mexican Government was not notified of any plans to impose border crossing fees, the official added.
Senator Bryan made the assertion in a statement issued before the matter came to the Senate floor, not in floor debate.
His voice-overs are in the standard vein of Gould exegesis ("bloodthirsty arena of concerts," "social rather than creative act" and the like) and are appropriately brief.
And the nation's auto makers reported a 10.4 percent gain in vehicle sales in November, with many executives and analysts predicting that the recovery that began in the spring would prove long-lasting.
Alan Greenspan, the central bank's chairman, is scheduled to make his semiannual appearances before Congress next week to describe the outlook of the Fed for the economy and its monetary policy.
These cutouts were filled in with sheer fabric and worked much better for evening than for day.
Rental of skis, boots and poles: adults, $17; children 6 and under, $12.
But the genre is harder to write these days, Mr. Caen says, now that San Francisco has homeless encampments, graffiti-scarred buildings, overcrowded highways and overpriced real estate, just like other, less self-congratulatory cities.
The bottom line, Dr. Crawley said, is that there are "no convincing data at all that genetic engineering increased the invasive tendency of the oilseed rape in any of the ecological characteristics we measured."
Improbable Drama So the critics attack the plan in detail and in general, with careful argument and with florid oratory, like the recent suggestion by Representative Newt Gingrich of Georgia that the plan "means if you are 55 and you need kidney dialysis, you die."
China is a very big country with a very big problem: it has 7 percent of the earth's arable land -- and more than 20 percent of all its people.
The crape myrtle is coming back to life.
"Sooner or later, you have to sit down at the beginning and work through the long, drawn-out training," he said.
Mr. Dinerstein, 30, graduated cum laude from Boston University.
Precedents Aren't Promising In the entertainment industry, skepticism abounds.
"I said to him, 'You have to understand, I'm a director because of you.'
Mr. Homa, however, said he still prefers the Community.
I call it waking up to the world late.
He refused to say whether he would endorse Mr. Dinkins for the November election.
And the work won't be finished any time soon.
The rise of a more competitive politics is likely to give ordinary Japanese greater influence in public affairs.
He is the chief of the army, not Defense Minister.
Mr. Rabin says he does not care, asserting that Palestinian delegates may consult with whomever they wish.
But for Mr. Clinton, a weekend getaway has about as much structure as a college road trip.
"You mean it seems out of place," he said, recasting a question that went something like "What's a nice guy like you doing in a place like this?"
At 8 A.M., she was seated in front of her computer console, ready for a day's work.
It is the only case of those presented today in which law officers have been charged with crimes.
He said there was nothing esoteric about the work.
"Many constituencies that would otherwise be supportive of the Mayor don't feel he's been successful or effective.
Mr. Al-Mansour, 33, attended the University of California and Hastings College of Law in San Francisco.
Meanwhile, Mr. Clinton's much more important $1.52 trillion budget package has been sailing through Congress.
Truly free speech requires more vigorous, conscious and conscientious protection than that offered by a process geared ultimately to private, not civic gain.
Entrance into his sonatas presupposes a clearly marked exit and a series of passages toward it filled with satisfying logic and carefully planned surprises.
Pointing out that this President might like a little diversity, Ms. Kennelly successfully lobbied to be included.
It was a brave performance that closed with a rousing duel between the two favorites, as Shared Interest challenged Turnback the Alarm stride for stride down the homestretch.
11 A.M. Information: (212) 807-6799.
In accepting CB Bancshares' offer, International Holding spurned a bid of slightly less than $31 a share by Bancorp Hawaii Inc., Hawaii's largest financial institution.
I further believe his claim that his failure to report this discovery to police for 27 hours after it was brought to him was caused by a need to consult the Clintons, chief of staff McLarty and counselor Gergen.
Things looked good for the Flyers in the first 30 minutes as they took a 2-0 lead on goals by Josef Beranek in the first period and Mark Recchi, 6 minutes 10 seconds into the middle period.
The restaurant is designed like a country home, and a small band plays typical music.
In many cases, policyholders started out with low deductibles because higher ones were not available and are uncomfortable adding risk.
Because I attended these historical marches and rallies as a little girl, I have found that I do not feel isolated in my feminist beliefs today (a problem many feminists of my generation complain of).
's and did not try to give anyone a hard time."
Despite a reality that may be a little shopworn, the new business group is determined to sell the image of a lively, vibrant Orchard Street, not unlike the way South Street Seaport has combined historic ships, cobblestone streets and slick retailing.
Mr. Ko's confirmation comes just ahead of expected make-or-break talks that begin here on Monday on a long-delayed joint venture between the company and British AerospaceP.L.C.
The safety board recommended that the F.A.A.
It annulled a presidential decree reinstating the President of Mordovia, who was dismissed by the local parliament, and it called the 1992 privatization program "unsatisfactory" and ordered a new, slower program to be developed by May 30.
"You can't be down if you're dressed up like a clown," the other kids jeer, so to make the money for a spiffy pair of Nikes, Alfred gets involved with a violent, drug-dealing gang.
Mr. Odom said was following another towboat, the Tom McKay, upriver but decided to tie up because it was impossible to see in the fog.
Interest on the notes will be adjusted on the day after each weekly Treasury bill auction, with interest paid at maturity.
The restaurant's heart is firmly fixed in California.
Then there was Bahr, a 15-year veteran who has had an outstanding career, including kicking on two Super Bowl champions, the Pittsburgh Steelers in 1979 and the Giants in 1991.
PICKERS STOOP FOR ORCHARD'S CHERRIES In the orchards of the 300-acre Fix Brothers farm in western Columbia County, near Livingston, N.Y., Robert and William Fix have made it possible for customers to pick cherries without leaving the ground.
Such education does not impress the Society for the Protection of Animals, which holds that this only furthers the bloody practices in the ring.
But the issue of guests for the show has apparently been resolved.
We're gonna try to tie our tow off and go up as close as we can and see if we can render any help to any survivors."
Shops remain weighted toward beeper outlets, gold jewelry stores and going-out-of-business electronics outlets.
She said the history of Carson's campaigns was unbalanced because the Government kept written records while the Indians relied on oral records of their past.
But when he resumed his work on electronic music at the Moscow Music Conservatory, he was thrown out.
He had a solution for a special case of the conjecture two years ago, Dr. Ribet said, but told no one.
(Young Arthur once tried to throw his racquet down in a fit of pique: before it hit the ground he heard his father, who was watching from the house, slam the screen door and head for the court.)
The information was said to relate to another of Italy's perennial mysteries, an anti-Communist underground army code-named Gladio.
They went on to destroy Vukovar on the other side of Croatia, and then to savage Bosnia.
"There are no beer or tobacco companies on board even though the Coors Silver Bullet would be the perfect tie.
His white hair was shoulder length and streaked yellow with nicotine, and he was limping on a right foot sloppily wrapped in dirty bandages.
Instead, Gooden bunted on the first offering and fouled it to first base.
"I really felt the butterflies.
Following is a partial list of dividend meetings this week: MONDAY Ameron Inc Del Walt Disney Co Hartford Steam Boiler Unocal Corp TUESDAY Bell Atlantic Corp Centerior Energy Corp Harsco Corp Metropolitan Finl Corp Montana Pwr Co WEDNESDAY USF & G Corp Vulcan Matls Co Washington Gas Lt Co THURSDAY Delmarva Pwr & Lt Co KCS Energy Inc Scor U S Corp FRIDAY Freeport-McMoran Inc National City Corp Nevada Pwr Co
Legislation was proposed today to extend New York's statute of limitations in children's sexual-assault cases until the victims reach the age of 23.
And in the Andante particularly, his luxurious phrasing and articulation focused on the music's lyricism rather than its flashiness.
And it demands that human beings acknowledge the humanity in other human beings.
To reporters, prosecutors and media lawyers around the nation, the case from Stuart is becoming a test of when reporters can be forced to name their confidential sources.
It comprises hundreds of music, dance and drama performances, plus scores of exhibitions, literary events and colloquia.
New York is this poem's ultimate stanza.
Based on 1991 figures from the National Safety Council in Itasca, Ill., those under 20 have 27 accidents for every 100 drivers and 71 fatalities for every 100,000 drivers.
Its carefully wrought, expressive eclecticism catches the spirit of this gathering as a whole.
Senator Charles E. Grassley, Republican of Iowa, delivering his assessment of the package tonight: "If you vote for this bill," he said, "you're voting for deep doo-doo."
She can capture feelings and memories, things that to me are extraordinarily evocative."
A single room is $55; a double is $88.
Ultimately, "Flyin' West" turns into a bizarrely amiable, leisurely paced tale of revenge that spells out its meaning in capital letters.
Among lawyers who traditionally champion the press, there was grudging recognition that Mr. Masson had won at least a symbolic victory, if not the full vindication he sought.
Barbara Balaban, who heads the Long Island Breast Cancer Coalition, an umbrella organization based at Adelphi University, estimates that as many as 10,000 people on Long Island are participating in the effort to press for a cure.
It was forcefully opposed by two nonvoting student members of the board.
Lighter fare is contained in "What's on the Menu" by Bobbye S. Goldstein (Viking, $12.50), a collection of 25 poems about food by Odgen Nash, John Ciardi and others, with whimsical, colorful illustrations by Chris Demarest.
The growing proportion of elderly congregants has also caused some parishes to move up services.
Disney, for instance, has a 30-day cooling off period after a contract is signed, allowing the buyer to change his mind; Florida requires only 10 days.
It was hard to tell what made the Rangers more giddy -- their pleasure over Gartner's achievement or their glee over this seesaw-style victory.
He acknowledges that the export licenses in question were not filled out correctly and that an employee who completed the form did not indicate that the zirconium would be used for military explosives.
The case was heard in Delaware because that is where Paramount, like many of the nation's leading companies, is incorporated.
The 'Little Stuff' On a recent March afternoon, the phone lines were busy throughout the hour.
One of the seven Senate Democrats who have opposed President Clinton's $500 billion budget package changed his mind today, converting a shaky bet that the package will squeeze through the Senate on Friday into something close to an odds-on favorite.
Health Department officials say they do not know whether they will be able to continue the financing this year.
'Watching the Numbers' With all these issues much on their minds, the mayoral candidates are treading carefully in the school contests.
"Chemistry is an intermediate science between the extremes of size, more in consonance with the human scale of things," he said.
asked Claire E. Sylvan, a teacher at International High School in Long Island City.
The lights come up on a picnic.
The company was cleared this month in Federal District Court in Newark of charges of having bribed President Ferdinand E. Marcos in 1976 to win a contract to build a nuclear power plant.
Also on view is Church's "Scene on the Magdalene," complete with a crocodilian sliding across a lake, together with "Early Autumn, Montclair," by George Inness, the painter whom the Crayon authority Janice Simon has called "the most heartfelt embodiment of Stillman and Durand's dream for a new world" unveiling "the Beautiful in the spirit."
Her stepmother, Susan Samsen, is an executive assistant at the Mendik Realty Company in New York.
He graduated from the University of Washington.
Fired from Cleveland in 1986, he wound up with a rare second chance with the Warriors a season later.
The clips in "Visions of Light" recall virtually the entire history of cinematography, from D. W. Griffith's "Birth of a Nation" (1915) through such 1990 releases as "Goodfellas" and "Do the Right Thing."
Three women conspire to get even with the men who divorced them.
That vote, and Mr. Fujimori's advocacy of capital punishment, reflect strong public disgust at the cruelty and violence of Shining Path and a sense that the group is in its death throes.
"You absolutely cannot impose this law on those of other faiths who are Christian," the 72-year-old Pope told reporters flying to Africa with him on the tour of Benin, Uganda and the Sudan.
Her former grief therapist for pet loss, Russian emigre oyster shucker and shark-cartilage immunologist are pioneers in their own lives as they shield themselves with idiosyncrasy in a world gone ruleless.
It came on a five-foot shot by right wing Tim Bergland, who got Draper to commit his right, then whizzed a shot into the goal's left corner.
"So I made the only decision that seemed reasonable," Mr. Kroyer added, "to get out of his way and resign."
The brake tester, he said, is paying its way in customer satisfaction and profitability.
And I pledged him my partnership.
In 1989, while he was selling his information, Mr. Peist won a $1.4 million settlement from the city in a suit over his car accident.
Door-to-door delivery of a car is $918 from either New York or your area.
Creation of the panel is essential, but it is a half measure.
They found him late that night.
That was only the beginning.
Mark Olives, a dealer in Bridgehampton, L.I., eyed a wire rack that Daniel was holding in his hand, victoriously.
The Penn Central Corporation said yesterday that it planned to sell all its shares in Buckeye Partners L.P., an oil pipeline operator, in a public offering worth about $52.7 million.
The police said the blast killed at least five people and left 650 others injured.
In the final two days, Mr. Clinton bucked up two black Representatives from Texas who were worried that the energy tax would hurt their state.
Adults first bought computers to do work at home, often to shorten their office workday, spend more "quality time" with young children and yet still get their work done.
In keeping with its new image, the island was renamed in 1973.
It was no longer Charlie Rose, producer; it was Charlie Rose, reporter."
But I had never seen horses put someone together again."
"All I remember is staggering around."
Finding skilled people to do the work, however, is an ongoing problem, she added.
"When we got a good dollar rally, it put pressure on gold," said Jim Steel, vice president for commodities research at Refco Inc. in New York.
Mr. Rosenberg had suffered from a heart condition and diabetes, said his son, Alan, of Mount Vernon, N.Y. Mr. Rosenberg, who was born in Mount Vernon, received a degree in accounting from St. John's University in 1936.
Projects completed last year, she said, included the $130,500 Pearl Street Park, a triangular area at Water and Fulton Streets in Manhattan near Southbridge Towers, a Mitchell-Lama co-o housing complex, and the $284,000 David F. Feingold Park, next to a housing development for the elderly built with Federal funds on Himrod Street, near Myrtle and Central Avenues, in the Bushwick section of Brooklyn.
Kaufman & Broad Home Corp., $175 million of senior subordinated notes due 2003, Ba-3/BB-/--.
They have astonishing beauty and subtle habits, the desert seeming to overflow with an Old Testament plenty, the Rock shedding its skin evenly, through the process called spalling, like a live serpent.
"Britain is going through a period of self-examination and self-doubt and self-humiliation that is greater now than at any time I can remember over the last 30 years," said Anthony Sampson, author of the book, "The Changing Anatomy of Britain."
During an hour-long address to the Council, Libya's representative, Ali Ahmed el-Houderi, questioned its right to require the extradition of Libyans and complained of the Council's "whims, special interests and double standards."
I am the quarterback for Division.
(You may also make the acquaintance of a large and stately turkey, with black silk-stockinged legs, that stalks around from time to time.)
On Friday, he went to the hospital.
The Nets spoke about fourth-quarter execution, and about how a veteran team like the Bulls was able to perform so cohesively while the Nets faltered.
I thank God I'm alive."
19 b3, which was struck by 19 .
In one game this season, Mitchell crushed the team from Massachusetts Bay Community College, which had only five players, by the score of 100-8.
His father, Gerald, was a noted builder of race-car engines, and Kulwicki, who grew up with a fascination for engines, began his racing career on Go Kart tracks at the age of 13.
A portion of family and employer premium payments would be transferred from the home alliance to the alliance providing coverage.
"I felt at one point I had desecrated Kevin," Mrs. Tipton said of her youngest child.
He is assigned to the Southern European Task Force in Vicenza, Italy.
A: It's a romantic idea, isn't it?
Under the modified Stableford scoring system in which eagles are worth 5 points, birdies 2, pars zero, bogeys minus 1 and double bogey or worse minus 3, Mickelson put up 16 points today for a four-round total of 45 points, 8 better than Mark Calcavecchia.
The rest of the story is history.
The Thompson campaign for Double Power Wisk promises consumers that "When you get out the worst, the rest is easy."
One such client is the former New York Zoological Society, now known as NYZS/the Wildlife Conservation Society.
One scholar described Mr. Bush as "another Taft, but without the personality."
To the Editor: In "A Bridge to Cuba" (Op-Ed, Dec. 18), Prof. Ruth Behar, a second-generation Cuban-American, urges rapprochement with her native land.
"The Firm" maintains its sluggish gait even through its concluding sequence, which frantically cross-cuts between simultaneous actions in the Cayman Islands and Memphis.
It also gives MCI a huge war chest of cash to pursue its own acquisitions, and company officials made it clear they were scouting for deals in cable television and wireless phone services and with companies that operate local fiber-optic networks.
The Cousteau Society Inc. of Chesapeake, Va., demanded that the billboard be taken down, arguing that people would think that the famous ocean explorer, Jacques Cousteau, was endorsing milk.
Mr. Florio responded by using his weekly radio address today to renew his public appeal to save the gun ban.
Eighty years of making a difference for peace and freedom in the world."
The Sabres, already assured of playing Adams Division winner Boston in the first round of the playoffs, scored their first goal at home in 132 minutes 29 seconds when Pat LaFontaine scored at 13:58 of the third period.
United States Participates "They realize that we have a relative advantage in these fields of agriculture and irrigation," said Ehud Gol, director of the Foreign Ministry's Division for International Cooperation.
After two seasons in which economic pressures led the center to trim its offerings, the Y has reconsidered its balance of orchestral programs, recitals and chamber music.
Mr. Katzenberg said it was "a terrible precedent" to seek legislation on the issue.
But James and George were very much on our side."
Fox, June 28, at 8 P.M. July "12:01."
Mr. Sawallisch, conducting without a score, clearly knew where he wanted the music to go.
But Lamont picked up a whip and a chair and got all the snarling mutineers back in their corners on Friday night and last night.
Altogether the city's levee system designed to handle 100,000 cubic feet per second in the worst case.
b-Included extraordinary charge of $ 27,246,000 from an adjustment on estimates of tax obligations.c-Net income and included extraordinary after-tax gain of $ 45,323,000 from early extinguishment of debt and a tax benefit from an operating loss carryforward.The airline said that it had a pre-tax charge of $ 6,145,000 for the latest fourth quarter on disposition of assets and a pre-tax gain of $ 96,965,000 for items including interest expense and income from investment.For the year-ago quarter, the company had a pre-tax charge of $ 5,059,000 on disposition of assets and a pre-tax gain of $ 94,704,000 from items including interest expense and income from investment.The company for the latest year had a pre-tax loss of $ 254,594,000, and $ 681,727,000 pre-tax in 1991 for the disposition of assets.
A1 ALABAMA TACKLES ETHICS ISSUE After the conviction of its Governor, Alabama is wrestling again with the issue of official ethics.
Lyrics as Weapons The man has a remarkable way with the English language.
The police have denied any wrongdoing.
"The next minute you're in the other end of town in a situation you might encounter in the South Bronx."
"He will focus on improving the operations and growing the business," said Byron Callan, a military electronics analyst at Prudential Securities.
THE blizzard of '93 would have to happen on a weekend, depriving New Yorkers of their outdoor flea markets.
Angie McLaughlin, a spokeswoman for the sheriff's office, said that Mr. Salazar "did not have the additional money to give them -- the remaining fee -- and they wouldn't let him have his wife and daughter."
President Clinton's delay in translating the broad goals of his health care policy into a concrete legislative proposal underscores again the daunting complexity of the entire enterprise.
Mr. Galvin's organization, Irish Northern Aid, perpetuates enmity and distrust in Northern Ireland.
But the consequences of Bosnia will not go away.
cessation of violence is a condition for talks set by the British and Irish Governments.
"They gain about a pound in four weeks," said Ken Strom, a wildlife biologist who manages the Lillian Annette Rowe Sanctuary about 10 miles from Kearney.
But Argentina has not been lost on European investment funds, and it has several world-class corporations that have easy access to the capital markets, including Perez-Companc, Techint and Bunge & Born.
For Ulyona Semyonova, basketball was the only way to a few perks in a hard-pressed state.
Hit by tight times in the United States and Japan and by competition from other tropical destinations, Hawaii's visitor count is expected to drop 4.8 percent this year compared with last, according to the Hawaii Visitors Bureau.
Figures and rhythmic riffs were added.
2 at the embassy in Washington.
His treatment included electrical stimulation, anti-inflammatory medication, massage and multiple baths.
A positive Danish vote on Tuesday would turn all eyes to London.
"I wouldn't call that an outrageous assumption, but it's fairly close," sniffed the first American League owner.
"If Compaq can continue to grow faster than Apple and I.B.M., they could catch those companies," said Richard Zwetchkenbaum, a personal computer hardware research manager with International Data.
In the United States, Japanese companies have captured 5 percent of the condom market in just a few years, without achieving wide distribution.
And how could executives whose boundless optimism makes Pollyanna look pessimistic not embrace a candidate who ended his acceptance speech by declaring, "I still believe in a place called Hope"?
Mr. Bauman was born in Philadelphia.
The union has now reached accord with all of the Big Three American auto makers.
The poll also found that the more attention New Yorkers said they had been paying to the campaign, the more dissatisfied they were with the candidates.
IT'S the nightmare version of a high-school mixer: all the good ones are taken, but you still have to choose.
But when they came alive, the international community stopped everything."
Power and the weight of an effort played an integral part in Martha's dances."
Mr. Vallone has no challengers in either the primary or the general election, neither do two members from Queens, Helen M. Marshal and Karen Koslowitz.
The University of Chicago was No.
Most players ignore the mouth guards common in other contact sports and expect to lose a tooth or two during their career.
"Motion Without View" was performed by members of Mr. Mao's company, who are not named in the program, and by the guest dancers Catherine Dibbs, Maria Hansen, Jenny Lou and Sara Tsutsumi.
COMPUTER SCIENCES CORP., El Segundo, Calif., signed a 10-year outsourcing contract valued at $26.7 million with the United Illuminating Co., New Haven.
In addition, the strong antiwar feeling in the United States caused many veterans to become disillusioned about serving.
"The issue before you is the possible bankruptcy of the Vista Unified School District," pleaded Eric Golden, the father of two children in the district.
Officials say those tax revenues will result from a rise in wages that is expected to occur because companies will in theory have more money to pay workers, thanks to lower health care costs.
As broad as Mr. Clinton's proposal is, it would stop short of the campaign pledge he made that all families with a full-time worker be guaranteed enough money to live above the poverty line, now defined as a yearly income of $11,500 for a family of three, $14,750 for a family of four.
An aura of calm surrounds him.
Box 270, Hartford 06141), which serves large parts of Connecticut, Massachusetts and New Hampshire, sells a book, "Operation Solar," for $2 .
Mr. Otero, who is admired locally for his handiwork, has even built a marquesina, or portico, over the front walk.
Paperwork was eased for some farm and business loans as part of President Clinton's plan to relieve the credit crunch.
The first time 218-pound Irish fullback Ray Zellar touched the ball this evening, he strutted around right end with only 190-pound safety Casey Mazzotta in his path.
Mr. Dorr was involved in the production of more than 100 video films since he opened the gallery in 1980.
The one word that came to mind was Felliniesque.
Mike Lawrence, a spokesman for Gov.
"The guys came in that last time out and said 'We're winning this thing for you, Marcus,' " Calipari recalled.
As defined by the neurological team, it is characterized by the incapacity to speak, think or move voluntarily.
While Wall Street analysts are leery of most hospital stocks, Columbia Healthcare has had generally good reviews.
*3*** COMPANY REPORTS ** View Full Article in Timesmachine »
"This is at the soul of Bill Clinton," he said.
They're an 800-pound gorilla acting like an 800-pound gorilla."
There is so much information, in fact, that the program seems determined to teach you more than you want to know.
The electronic guides are intended to be carried by cable systems, which in turn are expected to bill their customers several dollars a month for them.
Mr. Siddig Ali, replies, "I want the United Nations."
Groundbreaking is expected in late spring.
Drop in Thefts Reported Officials have assigned special auto-theft patrols, talked about the problem at numerous community meetings and imposed mandatory sentences for juvenile offenders.
But at graduation last June, Joey's name received the loudest applause.
But Mr. Michael said he had never told Mr. Riccio that he should grant a small contract to Lockheed Services or that he would help the Commissioner if he did so.
"I had a feeling when they told him he would be the starter and he turned that down he was gone," Rice said.
The person who answered was not much more helpful.
Reich, a closely held firm with six branches in the New York area and one in Florida, has about 400 employees.
The clothes are pretty sensational.
The appeal there is one-acre lots with stunning views of the Cascades.
But Bowman yesterday denied what the report said.
"Those countries that want to maintain the embargo are seeking the capitulation of Bosnia and are accepting the primacy of force over law in international relations."
'Plenty Hot Up There' An afternoon of combat began in a room on the second floor of a hanger at Republic.
It turned out that she had once worked as a cook for a catering company in Jamaica.
The movie studios, which have their own cable system for transmitting movies to hotel rooms, contended in their copyright suit that the rental of the disks infringed their exclusive right under the copyright laws to the public performance of the movies.
Sam Johnson and Chris Marcil: Diversity on parade!
Their accounts are credited with sums of money, which they spend, increasing the amount in circulation.
She told her father she knew what he did for a living.
Summit Investment Corp. Swisher International Inc., Charlotte, N.C., 600,000 units (each unit representing 1 share and 1 warrant for half a share of class A common).
This celebration of a loss of human form is the protest of a composer who no longer believes in musical progress, who seeks a final, solitary elaboration of his art.
Under James Fifield, a former marketing executive at General Mills and a former head of CBS/Fox Video, the music division has cut costs in manufacturing, marketing and distribution, analysts said, to generate higher rates of profitability from growing sales.
Mr. McCabe is likely to give the Mayor's campaign greater access to local political organizations in Council districts throughout the city.
Mr. Carville and Mr. Florio are "street fighters," she said, "and James Carville's M.O.
"We target Blockbuster because if we can get the largest chain to recognize there is a gay and lesbian market, it will make it easier."
"Sergi was dictating most of the points in the first set," Chang said.
They weren't doing the extra things to get better.
LeBon says he's still possessed of deep closet; here amid the garish racks he's a right puckish juxtaposeur, helping bandmate Nick Rhodes accessorize a pair of Dickies overalls with about two dozen polyester clip-on ties.
"Our stated objective is to hold our investments for 10 to 12 years," Mr. Zell said.
Smith's 35-yard run set up Lincoln Coleman's 1-yard touchdown to start the third period, and Kevin Williams dashed 62-yard on a punt return for another touchdown.
In a clothed society the undressed body is ipso facto seductive, so rules of etiquette are set down for the depiction and display of nakedness.
You can look at it as I was able to play a full season in the major leagues, which is not easy, and found out what to expect."
One longtime associate said he felt that Mr. Diller and Mr. Roberts would prefer a new investor -- or investors -- because that would help insure that their roles at QVC and in the cable industry would not be eclipsed by Mr. Malone.
"Once we got settled, we came out and got things going in the second and third periods."
MURDOCH OFFERS TO BUY THE POST Rupert Murdoch formally offered to buy the bankrupt New York Post and to operate the cash-starved newspaper for at least 60 days while he attempts to win the Federal approvals necessary for the purchase.
THE CHURCH AND THE LEFT By Adam Michnik.
I thought of Hannah Arendt's book "The Banality of Evil," about Eichmann, who was hardly colorful in that way.
Ne andro lontana" from "La Wally" and "L'altra notte" from Boito's "Mefistofele" -- that Ms. Millo had the luxury of burrowing into the darker and quite handsome corners of her voice.
This Kumalo doesn't quite suffer in silence, but he is reluctant to make a show of his agony.
In a poll last November for the Times Mirror Center for the People and the Press, there was increased disillusionment.
Hartman took on RICK TOCCHET last night and, as usual, JOE KOCUR was involved in his share of altercations.
Her position seems secure with her Vietnamese audience.
Entries are organized by state and city.
William Drain, head of the police major case squad.
Countermen shout orders to the cooks, who pass food to waitresses through a little window between the kitchen and dining room.
They stand up well beside standards like Hoagy Carmichael's "Baltimore Oriole" and James Taylor's "Secret of Life," which she also performs.
"I have my fingers crossed, but we may do even better in 1993, which is especially encouraging since business was slow during the first two months of the year."
in the wake of my shampoo advice.
"Each painting is in constant discussion."
At a briefing for journalists, Judge Fahad said he would seek from Col. Abdul Samad al-Shatti of the state security service "more clarity about the role of the defendants in the case."
One well-informed Catholic speculated that these passages on the need for an objective morality might be a kind of advanced notice of the encyclical on morals that the Pope is said to have on his desk for publication within a few months.
He wears a chain around his neck with a lock, "for all the brothers who are locked down," he said, speaking about jail inmates.
"The political and economic ruling classes are submitting to the schemes of foreign financial institutions, above all North American, and to the tyranny of the International Monetary Fund," General Visconti wrote in a recent essay about his "civilian-military movement."
He also gave them this afternoon off.
Surely we're entitled to hope that something of that sort is as likely to have happened as a mob hit on J.F.K.
He outpointed four and stopped Ramirez, Whitaker's conqueror.
Bond trading made him very rich very fast, and anti-tobacco work offered the moral clarity he craved.
The five-borough Bike New York ride will be held today.
On Friday the Transit Authority and state investigators said the accident appeared to have been the result of operator error, noting that the motorman had apparently either misinterpreted or ignored two red signals warning of a train ahead, a point that the motorman denies.
There was an element of disbelief in Lenny Dykstra's face as he sat with his back to the crowd, looking into his locker.
With one out in the sixth, Matt Williams walked, Will Clark hit an infield single and both scored on Carreon's double.
Together with her husband, she worked at Medical Consultants V.I.
"I've always prided myself on being 1/25th of what's going on."
Needless to say, Qiu Ju will have none of this.
Then they swirled furiously, like leaves in a storm, for the new President.
The special rates start at $195 for a one-bedroom villa.
His voice resonated with revival-tent zealotry as he told of his anguish in having to make his living by flipping cards for some of the more self-destructive gamblers who bet hungrily at the movement of his flashing hands.
International A2-10 THE VIEW FROM THE EAST The unification of Germany has shaken up Altdobern, where jobs have been lost and the security of socialism has fallen away, but many people are adapting to the demands of a new country.
Following Baby Bridgeport's restoration by Schoepfer Studios in Manhattan, he will be returned to the Barnum Museum to take part in its centennial exhibition, "Barnum, the Beatles & Batman: A Century of Promotion in American Life."
"I've seen more mutual respect and stereotype shattering and advances in this subject by people working together than by any other means."
Currently rehabilitating from back surgery, Strawberry is out for this season, but said he can feel the strength returning in his bones.
Our ethos has always been hard-core pragmatism as defined by our most eminent philosopher, William James: truth is something that works.
Workers also had to inspect the shuttle's three high-pressure, hydrogen-fuel engine pumps on Nov. 11 after a crack was found in a test engine.
There is the sense that the Mets would have preferred the Los Angeles courts to have waived Coleman onto a correctional league team rather than send him back to the Mets on bail.
Trumps were drawn and the diamond ace was cashed.
It would certainly help solve a lot of problems hinted at as "special projects" in the town.
Madam President, realists in both political parties recognize that we must cut the growth rate of entitlements and other expenditures, we must raise taxes in a fair way that takes into account our present weak economy.
Everywhere a freshly baked meal to make.
refer to as a city in the highlands of Ebla; that would put it at some distance to the northwest.
Visits by a Tokos nurse, required in the most serious cases, cost extra.
Slogging ashore in Ridley Scott's film, Christopher Columbus (Gerard Depardieu) finds himself caught between fact and lack of film-making imagination.
Steinhardt Conservatory Brooklyn Botanic Garden 1000 Washington Avenue Crown Heights (718) 622-4433 Recommended for all ages The vernal equinox is coming up next weekend, but for those grownups and children who can't wait, the Steinhardt Conservatory offers an illusionary retreat from winter.
Instead, he resembled a warm Old World grandfather efficiently seeing to our needs.
In conversations with administrators at prestigious prep schools, he said he was told to expect a large increase in students from those schools.
He made 7 of 8 3-point attempts in the half, dropping shots from all over the court.
"The Muslim population is growing faster and Hindus feel uncomfortable about it.
I either toss them into the Queen Anne's lace, or stomp on them, depending on my mood.
If the judge agrees -- and if the decision stands through appeals -- the Pritzkers will have to turn their 80 percent stake in the two resorts over to Mr. Dopp.
My problems with the Jets came when Bruce Coslet came in 1990.
I could have one, and if I was driving home in the car I could get my air-conditioning turned on.
"They entrust their homes, their children, and the private details of their lives to these people, but they won't let them use their toilet," said Stephen Francis, 38, a New Yorker married to a South African, who contributes a foreigner's amused detachment to the team of three white men who invented Madam and Eve.
He was asked, as he regularly is, about his feelings toward the Chinese Communists, who in 1949 enforced with troops what they claimed was a historical sovereignty over Tibet.
That's why the state and city should devote some portion of the capital budget to maintenance.
"What the South Street Seaport has tried to do, we can do in a grittier, nonantiseptic manner," said Sion Misrahi, the president of the business district.
A chance meeting on a train with a Swiss-born restaurant executive landed Mr. Platzer the job as executive chef of the Newarker at Newark Airport.
The more than 300 rooms that make up "the Hermitage" are spread out in the Old Hermitage, the New Hermitage, the Little Hermitage and the colossal profusion of the Winter Palace.
Jeff Malone, who missed a 17-footer as time expired in overtime, scored 21 points and Karl Malone had 20 points and 18 rebounds.
"It also represents a normalization between the Roman Catholic Church and the Jewish people after 2,000 years of history."
I am the lawyer for African-American Noxubee County residents before the Environmental Protection Agency.
The proposed rules, which would pre-empt certain key American demands at the outset, would also allow Japan to suspend the talks if it was threatened with sanctions by the United States, according to a document of six "underlying principles" that the Government of Japan has drawn up to guide it in the negotiations.
Charities refused to take their money and country clubs requested their resignation, she said.
The driver was Ishak Siyaj, 40, an unemployed carpenter and a former traffic police officer.
ST. LOUIS CARDINALS -- Agreed to terms with Ray Lankford and Bernard Gilkey, outfielders; Geronimo Pena, Luis Alicea, Rod Brewer and Tracy Woodson, infielders; and Mike Perez, Omar Olivares, Rheal Cormier, Fidel Compres and Mark Clark, pitchers.
His longest pass was 27 yards on a short pass over the middle to running back Johnny Johnson, who broke a number of tackles to turn it into a long gain.
He spent most of the daylong hearing slumped in his wheelchair or resting his forehead on the oak table where he sat with his lawyers.
The 700 production workers are high school or technical school graduates, hired for the assembly line at $1.55 an hour and trained by Ford to work up to electrician, machinery repair, computer programmer or mechanic.
He explained that the increase in membership is not a result of business growth but a result of an influx of photographers from Boston and Manhattan who have relocated to Westchester and Fairfield counties.
CHINESE MUSICIANS Young musicians from the People's Republic of China and Hong Kong who are associated with the Yale School of Music will give a free recital today at 3 P.M. at the Yale Center for British Art, 1080 Chapel Street, New Haven.
Kovalev's Second Trip This is Kovalev's second trip to the minors this season, the first stretching for seven games in late November and early December.
After Fernandez's triple, Key retired the last 10 Jays and tamed their legendary lineup.
Her lawyer, Bobby Lee Cook, said he would appeal the verdict.
Under the strategy of managed competition favored by Mr. Clinton, huge groups of consumers and small businesses would band together and use their market power to bargain with doctors and hospitals.
"I can't be cute forever."
"The West should act decisively to stop the war criminals," says Barzani, whose people were saved by the West from a war criminal.
Rarely does the rash lead to hospitalization.
That, he said, is the main reason the 30-year bond yield has plunged to new lows.
"We won't run a fire sale, but we won't be greedy," said Christian Alpers, a senior vice president.
Emotions in 1861 were fierce and militant.
Mr. Hyde is a sales engineer with the Hewlett Packard Company, the computer manufacturer, in Burlington, Mass.
Commissioner Dodd, who also played a role in pushing the legal gaming legislation through as Senate president in the 70's, said, "The hue and cry at the time was, 'We don't want to be Las Vegas!'
But I am terrified of its sticker.
I propose expanding the Peace Corps for Russia to include not only business advisers and teachers of English, but also American observers fluent in Russian to help prevent the diversion of food and medical supplies to the black market.
In all, the Devils took 28 shots against Don Beaupre.
For good measure, a clump of razor ribbon lies on the second-floor balcony, just in case invaders try to jump over from the fire escape of an adjoining building.
Hope for a Recording Deal Residents on the block where the stabbing occurred said they were surprised that anything had happened there Wednesday night because they did not hear any alarming noises.
Even worse, they aren't making villains the way they used too.
Michael Jordan came under intense scrutiny and pressure just a few months ago, when he took a quick run from New York to Atlantic City, when word began to spread of his big gambling debts, coupled with memories of past bad company.
Maggert the Mysterious Although he has yet to win, Maggert may be the most naturally talented of the foursome.
And in May it was expanded again.
Those instincts can be obscured by the sometimes goofy subject matter, but even the goofiest of paintings, "Torpedo .
The United States scored six unearned runs in the first inning and the lead was 11-1 after three.
Among intermediate goods, metals and other durables for manufacturing fell four-tenths of 1 percent while factory nondurables, such as chemicals, fell six-tenths of 1 percent.
Try a tasty Barbera d'Alba Terra Rusticaia ($16) or an admirably fresh 1991 white Burgundy, Macon-Villages, Georges Duboeuf ($17).
The Eagles (3-1) scored 23 second-half points off turnovers to come back from a 13-7 halftime deficit.
For those who aspire to play themselves, a piano course comes complete with book and demonstrations.
ROY B. EDROSO New York, N.Y.
If the Broadway community cannot keep the mostly dark straight-play houses in the West 40's lit by attracting the new wave of American theater artists and their non-expense-account audiences, chances are that these theaters will sooner or later pass out of theatrical use.
In return, the State Legislature grants Empire tax-free status and a substantial discount on rates it pays for hospital services.
A1 NEW YORK BASE MAY CLOSE A Presidential panel voted to recommend the expansion of McGuire Air Force Base in New Jersey and to close Plattsburgh Air Force Base in New York.
So was Don DeLillo's "Libra," a novel about the Kennedy assassination.
John F. Maciarz, a spokesman for G.M., attributed the dip in truck sales to low inventory.
They don't trust anybody either."
The new businesses employ 2,300, including 700 of the former steel plant workers.
"Sometimes," he added in a crashing understatement, "they work out."
And the Knicks took a huge step toward ending a playoff series that has tested them in every way.
Mr. Foster, the deputy White House counsel, wrote a note shortly before he died in an apparent suicide, indicating that Hillary Rodham Clinton's redecoration plans for the White House were being used against her and her decorator, Kaki Hockersmith.
Thinking it dead, he poked the bird, which suddenly burst to life and flew off.
"You certainly would charge attempted murder here," as well as armed robbery and first-degree assault, said Richard A.
Substitutions will not be allowed to enter the game in dead-ball situations when the game clock stops after a made field goal in the final minute.
On the diagramed deal, North normally overcalled the weak two-spade opening with four no-trump, showing both minor suits.
PG-13 Spike Lee's careful biography is subdued by his standards, though not too circumspect to wonder about charges that the Nation of Islam and the Federal Government conspired to assassinate Malcolm.
"Jerry and I pledge ourselves to get this ship moving."
More than $30 billion in Saudi arms purchases from the U.S. are currently pending, plus $6 billion more in civil aircraft.
In April, the safety agency asked General Motors to recall full-sized Chevrolet and GMC pickup trucks built between 1973 and 1987 voluntarily.
"A layoff is related to a person's job performance," Ms. Coleman said.
And still too risky to leave home without an umbrella.
Michael Adams played but also had the flu.
He said that a temporary movable ramp to the building's front door might be sufficient if there were building personnel available to put the ramp in place when necessary.
More than 70 percent of its teachers and 90 percent of its students were Ethiopian.
As if hypnotized by the music, he burst into a fierce shuffling and stamping dance.
But no matter who wins Sunday's showdown, the Giants and the Cowboys could face each other again two weeks later in Round 2 of the playoffs.
Nor is the taste of ale slightly stronger, more bitter.
We chose Qantas as it was a partner with American Airlines and we had frequent flier miles with American.
Service in Some Way In the interview, General Powell gave the strongest indication yet that he did not intend to disappear from the public arena.
And finally I told them, "Don't worry, I'll be right back with the loppers."
A1 DOUBTS ABOUT ANIMAL STUDIES Growing skepticism about the ability of animal studies to predict human responses to toxins has thrown many of the nation's environmental regulations into question.
ANN E. FADE, EVAN R. COLLINS New York, June 15, 1993 The writers are, respectively, director of legal services and chairman of Choice in Dying Inc.
"Europe is behind North America, but A.B.S.
But in reality, Dr. Feder said, Medicaid payments are so low that doctors often refuse to take these patients.
Health officials emphasize that they have no evidence that one person can transmit the disease to another.
"They want us to practice the kind of democracy that brings about instability, economic decline and poverty," he complained recently in a speech to the country.
David Krakauer was Copland's clarinetist.
MIAMI HOOTERS -- Acquired Scotty Reagan, offensive-defensive lineman, from Charlotte for Wayne Adkins, wide receiver-defensive back.
A similar arrangement with Florida is expected to get under way next month, said Richard H. Girgenti, the state's Director of Criminal Justice.
Ken Hom's Salad With Curry-Soy Vinaigrette Total time: 20 minutes 3 tablespoons Japanese soy sauce 2 tablespoons Dijon mustard 1 teaspoon curry powder 1/4 cup sunflower or canola oil 12 cups salad greens, rinsed and dried 1 large tomato, peeled, seeded and cut in strips 3 tablespoons finely chopped fresh chives.
It's not that she doesn't like being a country star; she does.
Belt-changing methods differ from model to model, and precise adjustments are necessary to insure that the thrower remains safe.
Earlier, several of the actors recalled that it sprang from a discussion about why news media coverage of AIDS seemed to be concentrating more on the gay community and less on those who contracted the disease through sharing unclean needles or by practicing unsafe sex as crack-driven prostitutes or with them.
The ultimate cost may be toward the upper end of that range if Mr. Clinton's proposal includes many items under discussion.
"He doesn't let us down often, that's for sure," Green said.
"It hurts to lose him."
The proposals covered points that were also the stated goals of a new initiative advanced a month ago by John Hume, a member of the British Parliament and the Catholic leader of the moderate Social Democratic Labor Party, and Gerry Adams, the president of Sinn Fein.
White, Fernandez and Carter combined for eight of the Jays' 10 hits, five of their seven runs batted in and five of their runs.
Saudi Pledge of Stability With these two big violators of OPEC's rules pacified, the organization was further supported by a Saudi pledge to keep its huge production of eight million barrels a day stable, a move that carries much weight in the oil markets.
Over the years -- it took a decade off, between 1970 and 1980 -- it had provided an extraordinary meeting of cultures and some of the best music the city could offer.
Before he traveled to the Fryczynski Funeral Home in Bayonne, N.J., last night for a wake for one of the four Port Authority workers killed in the blast, Mr. Brezenoff visited his troops at the Big Kitchen.
Because it did not have a banking license, it had to finance these loans with deposits from a branch in the Cayman Islands.
The wreckage of the airplane was found in Long Island Sound about three miles south of New Haven Harbor.
"Cases can get complicated and elaborate," said David Parker, an N.L.R.B.
All of them were evacuated at some point, some because of high water and some because wet ventilation systems had been shut down.
In a military base outside Cairo, 44 suspected extremists are on trial for attacks on tourists.
Secondly, this is an immensely expensive effort.
It was the last ceremony on the Sunnyside campus.
In this scene, the husband (played by Francois Cluzet), who owns the Hostellerie du Lac, sits glumly at a table and asks the waiter for a cafe creme.
WOMAN'S KILLER SUSPECTED IN TWO RAPES A man who killed a woman after he talked his way into her Washington Heights apartment in February by posing as a repairman is suspected in the rapes of two other women in the same area of upper Manhattan, the police said.
The Phillies had their first Class AAA minor league team in Toronto for three seasons, 1948, '49 and '50, and seven players who played on the Phillies' 1950 pennant winner, known as the Whiz Kids, spent time there.
Roosevelt's biographer, Edmund Morris, recalled, though, that sometime after T. R. ran third that year, he recounted a story about bear hunting -- to which a listener, expressing sympathy for the bear, said the animal must have been as badly used up as if he had just run for mayor of New York.
officials point out that they also have conditional admissions, with mandatory summer programs, for incoming students with English-language difficulties and for poor, mainly inner-city minorities.
Mr. Gaudette worked at Frito-Lay Inc., the Rockwell International Corporation, Informatics General and C3 Inc.
Mrs. Dessau was born in Brooklyn.
Agencies like the Federal Bureau of Investigation and the National Security Agency have argued that advanced digital lines are difficult to wiretap.
The manufacture of plastic products has been one of the nation's fastest-growing industries.
Instead of avoiding, let's try to reclaim at least some of what once made us a strong community."
It is not on Graham's grand expressive level.
They include Sami Abu Samhadaneh, 31, the Gaza leader of Al Fatah, the main P.L.O.
If you spend the night at Durnstein, it is easy to drive to other towns and abbeys.
Irwin Schneiderman, the current president, and Lloyd E. Rigler, the current vice chairman, will succeed him as co-chairmen.
Companies General Electric will cut its aircraft-engine work force by more than 10 percent because of slow aircraft orders.
5 Years as Consultant He added that he viewed Purchase as "a 400-acre campus just waiting to take off," and was eager to forge better coordination between Purchase's two main divisions, the School of the Arts and the College of Letters and Science.
The Pistons want forward SEAN ELLIOTT in return for Rodman, although forwards DALE ELLIS and ANTOINE CARR are more likely to be available.
Bo Kimble and Eric Anderson and even Charles Oakley did not get ejected.
Jock Thornton, a lawyer, has lived in the village all his life.
"Our feeling is that what is happening here is good, and that it is going to succeed," he said.
Elsewhere, there was some panic-buying of bottled water.
Her father and her boyfriend, who is also 17, sat with her in the waiting room.
"This committee has uncovered evidence that precludes it from taking the same view," the draft stated.
Yizhak Schotten is the director.
"Fires" opened to critical praise last year at the Joseph Papp Public Theater in Manhattan.
Viewed from a safer distance, "Le Sacre" is more easily attached to history.
Shenzhen (pronounced shun-JUN) is the centerpiece of China's economic liberalization program and one of the richest cities in the nation.
Mr. Ward, 32, graduated from Yale University and received an M.B.A. from Harvard University.
Some among them think being bombed back to the Stone Age may have salubrious long-term effects on humanity by compelling the survivors to adopt the high-minded views of those who bombed them back there.
It brought the news from far places.
According to the United States Attorney who prosecuted the case, Mr. Pollard "had admitted that he sold Israel a volume of classified materials 10 feet by 6 feet by 6 feet."
Administration officials said they hoped to bring maximum international pressure on Japan before the leaders of the Group of Seven industrial nations met in Tokyo from July 7 through July 9.
The incident occurred so quickly that bodyguards following in a car had no time to intervene, it added.
Many black students object to the presence of whites at what they see as one of the few institutions in America in which their values and culture predominate.
Mr. Hart decided that Mastercard's primary business was providing brand-name products for consumers and business to make payments.
In the same way that a developed transportation, communications or energy system improves the business environment, a developed labor force also enhances it.
Markets John Nuveen has emerged as a most profitable securities firm by limiting its business to municipal bonds.
Most of the reviews had focused on her performance.
The store -- which sells 10 million quarts of milk and 100 tons of cottage cheese a year -- has long captivated adults with its free samples and bins brimming with produce, and has wowed children with its singing, mechanized farm animals and petting zoo.
American officials say they are convinced that other countries will come in if more pressure is brought to bear from the United Nations and if they are convinced that the United States is staying long enough for an effective hand-off.
Federal officials have sought for weeks to portray Mr. Abouhalima, the fourth person arrested in the trade center bombing, as the central to a conspiracy of a small circle of suspects.
Nicolina is at 247 West 46th Street.
Fund: Kaufmann Fund, $775 million in assets.
Well, I wouldn't call it being tough.
Like Mr. McAuley, Ms. Morton excludes people, giving her images an almost archeological quality.
Federally recognized Indian tribes, which are legally considered sovereign nations, have the right to sell cigarettes and other goods tax-free on their reservations.
But as generally happens, some of the more interesting interpreters were eliminated in the earlier rounds.
10* 12 14 DAYS OF GRACE, by Arthur Ashe and Arnold Rampersad.
About 15,000 students nationwide are chosen as semifinalists for the prestigious scholarships, which can be either a onetime payment of $2,000 or a multiyear stipend of up to $2,000 a year.
Father Trosch, who tried to place the advertisement in The Mobile Register, did not return telephone messages seeking comment.
"We were terribly impressed with how she articulated the direction in which this organization should be moving as an established network of providers of women's health care," said the the board's chairwoman, Jacqueline S. Jackson, "which was exactly where we had thought we should be going, too."
Dr. Hershey was most widely known for his parish preaching and nationally broadcast appearances at various times from the late 1940's until the mid-1960's on NBC's "National Radio Pulpit," ABC's "Sunday Vespers" and the Mutual Broadcasting System's "Faith in Our Time."
Last September the Peruvian police captured Mr. Guzman in a Lima neighborhood and soon arrested most of its top political leaders, leaving the Shining Path splintered among its regional commanders.
The priest said the Cardinal "wanted Father Pipala to realize he's not alone, we have not abandoned him."
The technique of combining remarks made at different times and places, which Ms. Malcolm calls "compression," is especially useful with voluble subjects like Mr. Masson, the writer testified today.
But they may be on the fourth or fifth floor of a nonelevator building in an area that is not safe for the frail elderly.
Consumers tend to equate sediment in wine with a mouse in a bottle of cola.
Worries About Children "I don't want the children to go through the guilt of possibly sending their mother to jail," said Sergeant Mabb, who was divorced from Ms. Schroeder in 1985 and has since remarried.
Three Russian scientists have turned up evidence that a race of "dwarf" mammoths, cut off from the rest of the world on a remote Arctic island, survived the extinction of all other mammoths by up to 6,000 years, living on into comparatively recent times.
Ms. Campbell focused initially on the ballooning budget deficit and the need to cut it.
Last year, 52,000 were admitted, because they were judged to have special skills, so they could be reunited with their families, or on other narrow grounds.
Flood of Cheap Imports Industry analysts have said that Reynolds and other aluminum producers have no choice but to curtail production, because cheap aluminum from republics of the former Soviet Union still floods the world market.
TEXAS RANGERS -- Agreed to terms with Ray Stephens, catcher, on a one-year contract.
Outback Steakhouse Inc., a chain of 89 restaurants in five states and the District of Columbia, yesterday went higher than its previous 52-week high of $33.25 set earlier this month.
TRACK AND FIELD Milne Wins N.C.A.A.
Evidence of excellence rewarded, in fact, came with news of promotions over the weekend.
He became a celebrity when interviewed on "60 Minutes."
Nature is us, after all.
"We were trying to get him to throw up, but he couldn't," Manager Buck Showalter said.
(After spending a few nights in a hut in Eilat I added a mosquito coil to my must-pack list.)
It's about a devil who falls in love with the world.
They agreed that single retirees with gross incomes above $32,000 and couples with incomes above $40,000 would have to pay income taxes on up to 85 percent of their Social Security benefits.
For the most part, that effort is working.
Mr. Frazier, known as Bud, started in the business in 1940.
Yesterday, two civil rights lawyers, Norman Siegel and Michael Meyers, issued an open letter to the Mayor calling his remarks on WWRL "extremely troubling, divisive and demagogic."
Some of the cakes are topped by interracial couples; the piece with the chocolate-kiss pinatas, which also includes enlarged Coke and Pepsi bottles, is clearly anti-sugar, and "Guest-Star" includes a pair of plastic handcuffs among its bright gewgaws.
The 49ers, aware Montana will refuse a subservient role to Young, have stepped up trade talks with Kansas City in the last 24 hours, and someone familiar with the Chiefs said yesterday that Kansas City has offered San Francisco its No.
His focus now, officials say, was not research so much as an attempt to put the new left-leaning Israeli Government in direct touch with senior Palestinians who might be able to reach an agreement that had eluded official delegates in Washington.
He announced -- before a group of cheering children -- a $350,000 project to rebuild the baseball field at James J. Walker Park.
The Canandaigua Wine Company, the nation's third-largest wine producer, is expanding into beer and liquor.
They talk about her move, the way she holds back, holds back, holds back, and then, coming into the top of the stretch, makes her move.
Is It Video or Film?
As Mr. Schroeder goes from place to place, his ample belly leads the way and a graying ponytail waves behind.
Major credit cards are accepted and there is street-level access.
"The fact that it happened is something they can never take away from you.
All this has produced some unfamiliar angst among the world's most renowned purveyors of fun.
He has dismissed Israelis living abroad as "a bunch of weaklings."
In fact, the question of whether the Ramapough Mountain Indians actually constitute a tribe is at the heart of the controversy in Bergen County.
Both had confessed to the crime, but later said their confessions had been extracted under pressure.
You have to see it."
After years of looking, the company felt that the Fresh Meadows location, with its access to the Long Island Expressway and mass transit, met its needs -- despite the fact that it has two levels and the company usually insists on one.
Baseball American League CHICAGO WHITE SOX -- Activated Tim Belcher, pitcher.
Was I not as good as I thought I was?"
The evidence offered tonight suggests strongly that the switch was intentional, carried out by someone on the hospital staff: the Twiggs' healthy baby girl went to the Mays, and the Mayses' baby, who had a heart condition, went to the Twiggs.
The Dinkins campaign was also penalized for claiming bloated administrative expenses.
Many Council members said today that the Clinton Administration's call for the Council to drop the whole Palestinian issue was making their position very difficult because it seemed that the United States was trying to block discussion of an issue that still angered many countries.
*The vast majority of males in the Gaza Strip work in Israel.
Starks answered with a shrug.
An article yesterday about a memorial service for Algernon D. Black, leader emeritus of the New York Society for Ethical Culture, at 2 P.M. today in the society's Meeting House, misstated the address.
CO-OP and condominium owners maye also be surprised when they see the "market value" line on their notices.
His October itinerary includes trips to Indonesia, Malaysia, Thailand, Singapore and Taiwan.
Gilmour passed from behind the net to Anderson, who was all alone in front of the net.
Al Pacino was named best actor for his performance in "Scent of a Woman" as an embittered blind veteran whose plans for a final weekend in New York take an unexpected turn.
The 1987 amendment that the appeals court found unconstitutional essentially cured a drafting problem in the 1986 tax law.
Peggy Turco, a naturalist and Lenape culture specialist, will begin her father-child stories at 2:30 P.M. One legend concerns Weftunawes, merman of the valley.
But a world championship is a world championship.
A dying lung-cancer patient who is suing a tobacco company testified today that he began smoking in the fifth grade and continued for most of his life despite health warnings.
It was television that made Crazy Eddie, and made the company a symbol of all that was most annoying about the 1980's, or most endearing, depending on your taste for high-decibel, hard-ball sales pitches disguised as lunacy.
Sponsored by four nonprofit foundations, the report, "An American Imperative: Higher Expectations for Higher Education," says the system produces a surplus of "unskilled applicants scrambling to earn a precarious living."
Also at the meeting, James W. Kinnear, the former president of Texaco, was elected chairman, succeeding James S. Marcus, who has been chairman since 1986.
He introduced her to Jayne Cortez, a poet, and Nilsa Moreno, 39, who was studying for her high school diploma.
Though he did not seek action against Mr. Steisel, the Council Speaker, Peter F. Vallone, said Mr. Dinkins had not put the affair to rest and needed to take further steps to remain credible with voters, including dismissing other members of his top staff.
Perhaps, before your next meeting, you should read it.
The association itself has a $7 million budget for lobbying.
"Now they're ready to drop the last barrier, and we're rebuffing them."
Far less clear, however, is what her victory means for Pakistan.
Under the law, dogs are not permitted in children's playgrounds.
What has been greeted with a lot less notoriety, but has proved to be the undoing of just as many opponents, is the Phillies pitching.
"It's team play," said Coleman.
But social scientists are at odds over the extent of the differences and the reasons for them.
for 21 years, will try to put together a "senior dream team" in basketball for the 1996 Games.
"I think people desperately want leaders who will make cities work, and they will take them in whatever shapes, sizes and colors they come in."
They had pitchers with huge upside potential.
The French, the U.N. people, they all eat here."
It begins in 1875 in a trench during the Second Carlist War.
Now, they are much more stable, much more cocky.
Ann Ronell, a songwriter whose credits include "Willow, Weep for Me" and the lyrics for "Who's Afraid of the Big Bad Wolf?"
Thomas K. Duane: Save our discos.
"And if you're planning to do something unusual, like taking off with only two engines, then you should have to explain why."
Outside Mr. Lopez's hearing, the teen-ager said she was afraid: "That's a proud man.
On the other hand, we've certainly adjusted our sights.
"They do provide a good service, but we feel that this just adds two more facilities for dysfunctional people to our community, which is oversaturated already."
Nynex will also begin a separate repurchase program of 2.6 million common shares this year in connection with its employee savings, dividend reinvestment and stock purchase plans.
"It's great for us," Mr. Viviani said.
Mr. Bolling shouted above the yells of his rivals.
He was held without bail.
About half of the 20 million Kurds live in Turkey, where according to human rights groups they are not granted full equality with other Turks.
Many told of anti-Serb graffiti near their homes, including "Fifth columnists: we will drink your blood."
The White House spokesman, George Stephanopoulos, did his best to mask the differences between Washington and its allies in briefing reporters after today's meeting.
He had apparently found what he was looking for -- someone to buy drugs from.
He repeated the role opposite Helen Hayes in an 18-month run on Broadway and on tour and honed his craft in summer stock and on Broadway, where he emerged as a first-rate villain in the role of a maniacal husband in "Angel Street" in 1941.
The L-39 responded instantly to a nudge, swooping like a hawk in the winter sunshine.
The cars bumped into walls.
"Instead of playing 81 games there, I play 7 now."
The economy is growing by 5 percent a year while other economies in Eastern Europe and the former Soviet Union are shrinking.
The first two numbers indicate the nearest cross street, so if the plate says 6325, 63d Street is nearby.
Motley Finale Bill Musgrave, playing in place of the injured Steve Young and Steve Bono, threw for one touchdown and ran for another Saturday as the host San Francisco 49ers beat the San Diego Chargers, 30-14.
Buttons and Icons The plan also calls for equipping offices with a version of the Windows computer-screen display to simplify operation and replace current control panels that may have dozens of buttons for different functions.
would be gone this year have moved the guessing game into 1994.
Information about these wines and wineries can be obtained from the New York Wine and Grape Foundation, 350 Elm Street, Penn Yan, N.Y., 14527.
Her father is the founder and managing partner of Costello & Shea, the New York law firm.
The shooting stunned the Upper West Side neighborhood where the killings occurred and prompted outrage from the woman's relatives, who said the police failed to negotiate with the gunman.
Courier, formerly a hothead, said he has spent the last three years "suppressing" that volatility.
Mr. Stephanopoulos said the White House was withholding the names of 300 to 400 experts working for the task force because if their names were disclosed, "they would become subject to lobbying, to enormous pressure, and would not be able to do the work they have to do in a short period of time."
With the host, Robert Stack, assuming his patented Eliot Ness authoritative manner, the program consisted of interviews with actual participants and dramatic re-enactments.
He indicated that the company was troubled by a rule that could require it to supply engines to up to six drivers in the second year of the program.
The judge did not single out Iran-contra data.
I'd like to think we've moved beyond all that."
That company's Lightnesse -- described as "an original liposome-based cream-gel formula" -- stresses the word natural , which seems to be the key word in the Anti-Age Age.
The New York Police Department will begin using automated voice answering machines Monday in three precincts in a 90-day trial of what could become a citywide practice.
Mr. Rabin said Washington had amended previous proposals to take Palestinian objections into account.
Otherwise Mr. Clinton, like Woodrow Wilson, will find his nightmares coming true.
The only exception would be if the proprietary lease specifically, under the section that deals with the co-op's responsibility for repairs and maintenance, indicates that the co-op is responsible.
All this wood was meshed together.
Aides to Representative John D. Dingell, the Michigan Democrat who is chairman of the House Energy and Commerce Committee, said he would hold a hearing on the leak.
It was one of two independent New Voices in Film to represent the United States.
* The Publishers Information Bureau, New York, said magazine advertising pages in May increased 1.3 percent from May 1992, to 14,966.7 pages.
Five of the wounded underwent leg amputations, including a 25-year-old secretary who was walking to the dentist in a fur coat.
When Patek was called up to Class AAA in Columbus, the manager, Larry Shepard, said, "You're not the damn guy they sent me to play shortstop, are you?"
He might then be compelled to write that gays are a blessing to the priesthood, rather than a symptom of its collapse.
Xanana Gusmao, in his defense plea, which the Indonesian presiding judge prevented him from reading, stated: " .
The Administration proposal provides that in most states everyone will be offered a choice from at least three health care plans, including a traditional fee-for-service plan with no restrictions on choice of doctors -- although with somewhat higher costs than other approaches, like a health maintenance organization.
Paramount prefers a friendly takeover from Viacom Inc., the big cable company that on Saturday increased its offer to $10.1 billion, or $85 a share.
In earlier boats trips, the water had been five feet deep in the living room so the couple viewed the damage from the outside.
Matt Guokas Sr., the voice most associated with the Philadelphia Eagles for more than 30 years, died on Thursday night at St. Joseph Villa Nursing Home.
The co-leaders each had five birdies and a bogey.
"Anybody who sits back and says, 'Is this fun?'
A kind of resurrection for the real Malcolm McDowell?
To the Sports Editor: George Steinbrenner, the Wizard, is shaking his fright rod and warning us that he might depart, along with the Yankees.
His book is titled "Theodicy" (Garland Publishing), from the term that Leibniz coined from the Greek words for "God" and "justice" for efforts to reconcile the goodness of God and the existence of suffering.
Scientific Games Holdings Corp., Alpharetta, Ga., an initial public offering of 2.5 million common shares.
There is only one way out, Mr. Salem tells John.
She never imagined pain and humiliation of this kind.
If North Korea gets the bomb, others -- Japan, Taiwan and South Korea itself, to name a few -- will not be far behind.
Japan's whaling industry, which has exercised a powerful hold over the government on this issue, plans to be less subtle in getting across its message.
Questech International's Transition 2000 is a voice-changing telephone ($99.95) that plugs into an ordinary phone jack and allows the user, by pushing a button, to alter vocal pitch and quality.
"It was tough not being at the game, not playing with my teammates.
Whatever one's opinion about what should already have been done or must be done if the Serbs go back on the latest deal (pundits have been generous with imperatives), the resistance is a sign that the image is not all-powerful, that viewers are not just sponges for the tube's outpourings of emotion.
In April 1992, Federal prosecutors filed a civil suit in Miami, accusing Mr. Cardoen of money laundering and illegally exporting zirconium.
They bounced from car to car, until a white salesman ordered them out of a Range Rover.
July 12 was like so many of the other mornings in the past months.
"A VAT is clearly a possible candidate," she said, apparently unaware of how the White House was trying to play it down.
The total jobless ranks thinned by 136,000 in the month, less than the amount of the job gains because the work force expanded by 244,000.
Rabbi Marc Disick performed the ceremony on Clearwater Beach in East Hampton, L.I.
Brad Owens, 22, a Marine lance corporal from Grand Rapids, Mich., said: "Put it this way, Bush knew the military.
A presidential decree signed Tuesday said that victims of racist and anti-Semitic persecution here between 1940 and 1944 would be remembered in ceremonies throughout the country every year on July 16, the anniversary of the first mass arrests of Jews by French police officers in Paris in 1942.
Site preparation is due to begin within a week on the $209 million stadium which will seat 85,000 during the Olympic Games and be converted to a 45,000-seat baseball stadium for the Atlanta Braves after the Games.
At Le Perroquet, a 10-minute walk away, on the edge of the Sablon district, a Hoegaarden (on draft, $1.57), with a lemon slice floating on its frothy head, would seem best for sipping in the bright, airy atmosphere of this Art Nouveau cafe.
The current strategy is an extension of what's been going on for months, now using the ammunition of the reviews and sales.
With the Federal Environmental Protection Agency expected to issue new regulations on radon and water quality soon, it is urgent that the city reassess the way it deals with environmental risks.
But the companies, relatively small, most of them privately held, tend to have an agility not found at big corporations.
Guides can be arranged through both places.
Beyond the tape dispute, historians fear that the top officials at the agency have been neglectful of its mission to preserve Federal records.
His son, who, along with his mother, Vera, operates the Roberto Clemente Sports City for children in Carolina, Puerto Rico, believes there still is a place for such idealism.
b-Included pretax gain of $ 1,466,000 from the sale of a plant and equipment.c-Net income
Careful planning may still make it possible to negotiate the commission.
Will Mr. Giuliani renew that flow, which prison officials say typically incarcerates the easily arrestable, nonviolent, low-level individuals from the drug culture like Carmine Aponte?
Although none of the players from the Russian team played on the Olympic team, they have international experience.
In other ways, though, it represented much more: a victory over the urban ravages of drugs and crime, an affirmation of belonging in a new country and even, for a few, the first trip aboard a boat.
But his criticism reflects both a continued general wariness over the Administration's plans, and anxiety in the Navy that the budget cuts may fall heavily on that branch.
On downtown streets that once bustled with vendors and chaotic traffic, cars are few and the trade is gone.
A Cease-Fire Uncertain In its statement, issued in Dublin, the I.R.A.
Because of overcrowding in the district, the Goosehill Primary School opened just as a kindergarten center in September.
He told the Internal Affairs Bureau that he never received an application and specifications, although he had asked to be on the bidding list.
24th COUNCIL DISTRICT No primary.
Souvenirs for the Skin The next morning, the sky was misty and the rain unlocked the aromas of the pines.
Although the killing occurred in Huntsville, the trial was held here in Tuscaloosa, 150 miles to the south, a result of pretrial publicity.
It is like a dog chasing a car down the street."
While I agree with her about Seinfeld, it's unfair to blame Long Island.
Not Embarrassed "Am I embarrassed?"
The Alternatives Some stores will now display CD's in "keepers," clear plastic holders the size of a long box that are unlocked at the cash register.
Like nothing in life means anything anymore."
The child has begun to communicate.
Financing Gap in Spending Compounds Woes But fixing those provisions won't help one of the biggest problems -- a lack of financing.
Mr. Zimmerman and Mr. Catalfo's scheme blossomed and failed on one day in October 1992.
From the Editors of Gourmet.
To create a favorable public image, many of them have contributed millions of dollars to building soccer fields, paving roads and constructing housing for poor Colombians.
"The aspects of human mercy that the average person might apply don't always fit into the legal world."
"You always know you're going to be moving on," said Mr. Lynott.
* On June 9, Microsoft and a group of business allies are expected to announce a new office standard that will permit a range of previously stand-alone office machines to communicate electronic data.
"I find it very relaxing," he explained as the golf ball bounded out of the trap and narrowly missed the hole.
Everything connects; he suspects this.
But it was clearly the most recent episodes of alien smuggling -- especially the grounding of the Golden Venture steamer off Queens -- that prompted today's announcement.
They have their own water well.
Y Y New York 1.
But the Chateau de Jau has gone further, producing a lovely, aromatic, medium-bodied red wine from carignan, grenache and some minor local grapes.
The fund is overseen by George Soros, the Hungarian-born investor, with advice from Paul Reichmann, the patriarch of the Olympia & York real-estate empire, which had its own spectacular collapse in the spring of 1992.
The New York Times pays the expenses of the Neediest Cases campaign, so all contributions are given directly to the charities.
Jeff Montgomery got the final three outs for his league-leading 36th save.
The other was raised in privileged surroundings and went straight into politics.
Tetsuya Wakuda imposes Japanese training on classical French cuisine and produces unusual dishes.
" said Malcolm Hoenlein, the umbrella group's executive vice chairman, who has been invited.
The sheer size of Wal-Mart, with $55.5 billion in revenue last year and more than 2,300 discount stores and warehouse clubs, allows it to buy in volume and offer "everyday low prices."
On top of that, with Carrie Fisher and Penny Marshall unable to find a suitable hotel room, you have a Hollywood crisis.
"I don't think the neighbors will even know it's there."
Every other seat is broken.
Like an errant wave, a line of thunderstorms rolled over the New York metropolitan area late yesterday afternoon, felling trees and power lines, collapsing buildings and spawning funnel-shaped clouds.
Last week at Pebble Beach was the most recent example: Couples presciently assessed his chances and those of the rookie Brett Ogle before the start of the tournament.
In "Hell of a Ride: Backstage at the White House Follies, 1989-1993," John Podhoretz, a professional speechwriter, has written a shrewdly plausible analysis with a wit (verging on occasional silliness) that makes you wish all political studies could be this lighthearted and succinct.
That makes sense, since regular professional appearances would certainly reinforce a sense of empowerment, in current terminology, for the likes of Rogers, Cecile Chaminade, Clara Schumann and Mrs. H. H. A.
Martin finished with 21 points and 8 rebounds.
For instance, at the beginning of the third quarter, Simms hit tight end Aaron Pierce at Buffalo's 25, but after he was hit by safety Mark Kelso he fumbled and the Bills recovered at the 19.
Israeli and Palestinian leaders have agreed in principle during secret talks that the Palestinians will gain authority over the Gaza Strip and the West Bank city of Jericho as a first step toward self-rule across the Israeli-occupied territories, a senior Israeli official said today.
Shares of the State Street Boston Corporation, one of the nation's most profitable banking companies in recent years, fell nearly 18 percent yesterday as investors and analysts reacted to reports of rising expenses.
Green is a major league scout for the Mets, and he was wary of speaking at length about any potential decision by the team.
Tests of soil in a backyard beneath the Triborough Bridge in Queens have found high concentrations of lead, including levels that exceed those considered safe by the Federal Government, the Triborough Bridge and Tunnel Authority announced yesterday.
That film, along with "Urban Cowboy" (1980) and "Saturday Night Fever" (1977), reflected life in the sort of clubs that didn't draw the Seventh Avenue crowd.
Determining Victims Judge Stanley M. Weisberg of Superior Court said he would read both verdicts at the same time, regardless of which jury reached a verdict first.
A roundelay of romantic entanglements and low-life skulduggery set in an imaginary Spanish resort community, the series was everything that Anglophilic admirers of Masterpiece Theater think is foreign to British television: bloated, leaden, dull.
There are indications the strike could grow.
Long, wispy, partially braided hair kept the anti-establishment mood alive throughout.
In 10 years, the State Senate has never rejected a Court of Appeals nomination made by Mr. Cuomo, a Democrat.
Since Mayor Dinkins will not appeal, his lawyers are no longer free to make that absurd argument.
In other supporting roles, Mr. Price was a caddish gigolo in "Laura" (1944), a cynical monsignor in "The Keys of the Kingdom" (1944), a murderous aristocrat in "Dragonwyck" (1946) and a florid actor in "His Kind of Woman" (1951).
The two men soon found that there was more to Boksburg than its theatrically racist image.
In that report, the Senate Foreign Relations Committee said some members of the Reagan campaign team came close to committing improprieties in seeking information as private citizens about the hostages.
Mr. Clinton's energy tax still faces a tough bout in the Senate, and the President seems resigned to more amending and scaling back.
and that is fair to all concerned."
I managed to drop one.
Sean P. McGowan, an analyst with Gerard Klauer Mattison & Company, said the company was paying more attention to service and style amid increasing competition from retailing behemoths like Wal-Mart and Target.
Pro-Clinton Items in Corner At Capitol Coin, anti-Clinton T-shirts and bumper stickers and "Republicans in '96" buttons are prominently displayed in the front window.
Passing four diamonds would also have led to a plus score, thanks to the favorable trump division.
Ms. Chong, 30, is keeping her name.
His mother opposed his taking the job, Mr. Giuliani has said, deeming it a step down.
A glance at Ms. Griffith's audience confirmed that the lovers of her simple wisdom were not working-class heroes (those folks prefer Billy Ray Cyrus), but sophisticated urbanites who treat Americana as an esthetic, not a personal, heritage.
Lawton Chiles of Florida today proposed sweeping changes in the state's health-care system that he said were intended to guarantee "full access to quality, affordable health care for every person in Florida" by the end of 1994.
Violas are another lovely addition to the garden, and they will multiply under shrubs and trees as the years go by.
"They were a team that had a few players who were really talented, like Ronnie Lott, but a lot of the other guys weren't as talented as he was," White said.
Most town homes are in historic districts or in gentrified areas.
The poll showed the political salience of health care.
German rates, he said, were now "not all that high if you take into account what is happening with monetary growth or the record budget deficit in Germany, which is unprecedented in any cyclical comparison."
He is assumed to have been the source behind the firing of Coach Roger Neilson, a move that caused turmoil on the team.
To the Sports Editor: I think we all have a tendency to look for the lesson that can be learned from a tragic event; it seems to be the American way.
In fact, low or negligible participation was reported in only two regions -- Tatarstan, which is demanding more automony from Moscow, and Chechnya, which has declared independence.
The Bills have players waiting to take center stage.
The Giants, whose most recent glory was forged with a famed linebacking corps, are likely to switch to the 4-3 defense, with its emphasis on four big linemen up front, supported by three behind.
Effective on Monday, Philip Morris will raise the price of its deep-discount brands like Basic and Famous Value by $3 per thousand cigarettes, or about 6 cents a pack, to $40.45 per thousand.
3 in the world, there would have to be close contact," Bollettieri said yesterday from North Carolina.
And he has brought legal action against a number of groups, including the Cancer Fund of America in Knoxville, Tenn.
This week the injury bug bit the offense, particularly the offensive line and the running backs.
(Leaking audience test scores is the buzz technique du jour.)
The tour group will meet at 2:45 P.M. in Union City, rain or shine.
In a separate suit, the developers sued the city for $100 million, contending that the zoning contradicted the general plan and deprived them of any use of their land.
"They're the ones who go out and bang on doors to get those large amounts," she said.
The 90's-style affair might be dubbed post-romantic.
After Ivan Boesky settled insider-trading charges, paying a $100 million fine, he gladly opened his wallet to show the bare, lonely leather.
It is probably too much to ask any modern President to match the elevated style of Jefferson's charitable first inaugural address ("every difference of opinion is not a difference of principle") or Lincoln's equally conciliatory second inaugural.
Open warfare began in Fojnica three days later, on July 2, when the Bosnian Army attacked in an effort to break the Croatian encirclement, United Nations officials said.
Provencal-style grilled tuna would have been good had the fish not been overcooked.
"They told me it was basically the result of having been sick and being dehydrated in that muscle area," said Saberhagen, who left Thursday's game after five shutout innings with cramping behind his right shoulder.
Five miles away from Tulsiwadi, in the heart of the city's financial district, some businessmen say the markets have recovered.
She thought Nancy was just right for her middle son, a lawyer in Manhattan.
It is a moment of euphoria that is shared by theatergoers at Second Stage, where Mr. Handler is performing his monodrama.
The apparent use of chemical weapons has profoundly shaken the morale of the Shiite leaders.
This film has no rating.
It did not get beyond the Planning and Development Committee.
Network executives could point to only one series -- Steven Bochco's new police drama that will begin this fall on ABC, "NYPD Blue," -- that is almost certain to be tagged on every episode.
These were just a few steps in Dolce & Gabbana's prowl down fashion's past, made with considerable skill to appeal to women who insist on making fashion statements, no matter what.
The performances gloriously confirmed the excellent impression of Saturday, leaving the Rachmaninoff but a dim bad memory.
And since a chemical in the dirt had been shown to cause cancer in rats, the agency set a limit low enough that a child could eat half a teaspoon of dirt every month for 70 years and not get cancer.
The settlement also says the F.B.I.
The arrangement is increasingly viewed as an unrealistic way to uphold currency value, especially in view of Europe's deepenening economic malaise.
Everything is placed at a child's level in this storefront museum, which is well-equipped for imaginative play.
He said there was nothing unusual about applying the concept of poverty to non-humans.
One proffered suggestion: adult diapers delivered door to door.
The money for the campaign, which was timed to coincide with the annual gay and lesbian pride month activities in June, comes from Glaad's general funds and from special contributions earmarked by donors, she added.
They are asked to create symbols of a public realm that scarcely exists unless volunteers are willing to provide it.
The addressee is Milan Kucan, the President of Slovenia, who has taken a page from the former Yugoslavia and has turned the so-called "open letters" used by the old Communist Party press as a new form of public dialogue here.
ROGER NEILSON, the Rangers' former coach, will become the first coach of the National Hockey League's expansion Florida Panthers, according to a newspaper report published yesterday.
IN his second novel, "The Liberty Campaign," Jonathan Dee addresses himself to the largest questions of good and evil.
In the view of some experts on workplace issues, the ruling threatens the existence of employee-participation programs, which hundreds of companies have adopted in trying to improve productivity and competitiveness.
But this much was certain: After an opening quarter in which the wet ball took funny bounces for both clubs, the Dolphins broke open the game by intercepting Stan Humphries three times and converting each turnover into a touchdown toss by Marino.
It's just another sleazy chapter."
Hotels and Restaurants Everybody liked hotels.
But such reflexive historical side-taking contradicts the new European consciousness that is slowly but surely displacing narrow nationalism.
"Employees were very proud of being part of such a group."
Mr. Kowalczyk noted that a 14 3/4 percent issue of Fannie Mae was now worth about 119, to yield 6.93 percent if prepayments were fast enough to produce a three-year average life or 8.44 percent if prepayments are slower and produce a four-year average life.
The club meets weekly and sponsors monthly outings for the men and their children.
Before last week's price plunge, many traders who expected bond prices to drop borrowed bonds and sold them short.
Although neither answer is clear, researchers believe he may have had an inside man change a 1912 die to read 1913 and run off a few coins.
Now, as the industry enters its new phase, he is wearing his dealmaker hat again.
They comprise a solid primary study.
'We'll See' Attitude City officials are reluctant to talk about the possible size of a budget surplus, arguing that the fiscal year does not end for another three months and that many things could change in the city's fiscal outlook.
The controversy erupted as both rescuers and survivors gathered at Arlington National Cemetery today to commemorate the soldiers, resistance fighters and ordinary people who risked their lives during the Holocaust to save Jews from death.
And it would have been hard to trade him because, really, we wanted to see him in the second half.
Other statues, like the nearby Alice in Wonderland grouping, are meant to be climbed on.
Labatt is Canada's second-largest brewer, after Molson Breweries.
Pinch-hitters Joe Orsulak and Todd Hundley both reached base to start the final half-inning -- Orsulak on a hit, Hundley on an error -- and then Mets Manager Jeff Torborg called for Howard Johnson to go to the plate.
They will testify that Mr. Masson's first objection to the articles was about various points of information and that he did not claim misquotation.
The decision is a windfall for the Home Shopping Network, which pioneered the all-shopping format and is carried on a number of cable systems.
"We wanted to do a dramatic version of this piece."
He is survived by his wife, Margaret; a son, Thomas Jr., of Syracuse, N.Y.; four daughters, Kathleen Ogle of Annapolis, Md., Christine Liguori of Lakeland, Peggy Ford of Stratford, Conn., and Maryann Leonard of Nanuet, N.Y., and 18 grandchildren.
Fox played more than normal because Dee Brown didn't play after leaving with a bruised right knee 4:06 into the game.
They played for this manager and his trim, tidy ways, but there was also no bluster, except for Paul O'Neill and his one-man, helmet-throwing binges.
A 35-page Government report, filed on Tuesday in advance of the sentencing, said that notes written by and addressed to the younger Mr. Leonard had been discovered on internal analyses of the scheme and that he had, at times, executed the computer program that doctored the store's reported revenues.
The same thing that seems to have impelled professional people in Washington to do stupid things, like trying to dig up dirt on Bill Clinton."
's Corvette plant in Bowling Green, Ky., according to Automotive News.
I don't think this is going to be a cakewalk for anyone."
On a recent morning, Mr. Giacomazzo was standing at elevation 175 in the reactor building, a few inches from a 90-foot hole in which the reactor once sat.
The nine-day trial ended on Jan. 22.
Over the next couple of years, Mr. Dugan said, there should be a noticeable impact from these two factors, leading to a widespread stabilization or slow rise in the water table, primarily in the northern high plains and parts of the central high plains.
A State Department official said today that the Clinton official's request for the files was not illegal but that how that material was handled could be a violation of the Federal Privacy Act.
As the fair was about to end, just before the Super Bowl kickoff, a Manhattan collector bought a pair of bronze lions that had been guarding the entrance to Mr. Goedhuis's booth.
If they succeed, Wickman deserves an assist.
"We've gone from one law firm, which supplied 90 percent of our legal services, to 35 firms," he said.
"She couldn't park in front, so she moved up slightly in front of where the parking lot is."
Such demands aroused fears among Muslims that the Serbs are still hoping to create an independent state in Bosnia and Herzegovina that would eventually unite with Serbia.
George Ball, president of the brokerage firm, liked his idea of aiming at entrepreneurs, and C.E.S.
But when he arrived at the House of Commons, it was what he did not pull from the briefcase that most delighted the markets: large and widespread tax increases that most economists had come to assume would be necessary to begin bringing the Government's budget deficit under control.
"With respect to 'pogrom' I note that Roy Innis has adopted the language of the person for whom he stalks in this race," he said.
Almost immediately after the invasion, she left Stanmore for Normandy with a group of British and American generals who were to interrogate a high-ranking German officer.
Only about 6,000 try to comply with the 1946 lobbying law, which requires them to report their expenses to Congress, and the bulk of those reports are so incomplete as to be useless.
Towering above the plaza is a column topped with a bronze statue of King Sigismund III, erected in 1644 to honor the Swedish-born Polish king who made Warsaw the Polish capital in the early 17th century.
In a field where 3,000 copies constitute a best seller, would-be creators of multimedia titles soon run into two harsh realities.
They are McCaffrey & McCall, McCabe & Company and TBWA Advertising, all in New York; Earle Palmer Brown in Bethesda, Md., and Mullen Advertising in Wenham, Mass.
Yet, the two seem close, and bound politically.
Initially, Mr. Greer was hired by a tiny brokerage house run by the enterprising Mr. Heath.
The slow progress is less reason for despair than evidence that health care reform is formidably difficult.
With three victories last week, Temple is emerging as the team to challenge Rutgers in the Atlantic 10 Conference.
There's one about the Prince of Wales, for instance, who went to the National last year to see Alan Bennett's play "The Madness of King George III" and discussed it with Mr. Hytner, the director, afterward.
The President's Budget Message is a perfunctory letter to Congress; the contents of the document come from Mr. Darman and his staff.
This is but one of the fundamental conflicts that China faces as it approaches the end of another dynasty, of which Mr. Deng has been the last emperor.
The importance of a patient's mind and emotions.
He wants to change the look, feel and focus of the fabrics used for these basic shapes.
In October, Judge Davies ordered the Federal jury sequestered and said the names of the jurors should remain confidential to prevent tampering and harassment.
With the United States now naming Serbian leaders who should be charged with war crimes for atrocities committed in Bosnia, rights advocates say the Iraqi case takes on even greater significance.
but who did not identify himself.
Mr. Byrd said his compromise resolution "put the stamp of the Senate on our policy in Somalia, to limit our mission there, and to establish a clear termination of our involvement in the short run."
"We let him come, and then we got in close and he couldn't figure it out."
After answering that he did not have the information to answer that question, Mr. Iderman acknowledged that he did an international computer search for the F.B.I.
The two were eventually combined into the Finance Ministry's Tobacco and Salt Business Division.
It took more daring and imagination to use Prince's music as a come-on for bolstering the box office than to stage "The Sleeping Beauty."
THE researchers chose the company because, as the study says, "A company with a policy allowing such long leaves could provide a rigorous test of what supervisors in other companies might see as a worst-case scenario."
"There is no doubt that there was agreement reached on the cease-fire," he said.
But that's another indictment of the Pro Bowl voting by N.F.L.
Comex members will also receive $5 million plus interest for each of the next four years and the amount by which Comex's after-tax revenues exceed $18 million in each of those years, the Merc said in a release.
"I have moments of great depression about the United States," he added, "and then something happens to restore faith."
Bobby Flay, the chef at Mesa Grill, a restaurant near Union Square in Manhattan serving Southwestern-style food, adds chopped crystallized ginger and toasted pumpkin seeds to his version.
She invites him in, offers him vodka and is ready to have sex with him.
Since the end of 1991, the Council has approved nearly 20 Yugoslav resolutions and numerous "presidential statements."
Mr. Chipman is more pessimistic.
Robert Price, a Brooklyn electrician who says he likes "to dibble-dabble" with computers, uses an on-line brokerage firm, PCFN, through the Prodigy computer network.
6 12 CONGO, by Michael Crichton.
Mr. Sill died of complications of a lung infection, said his son, Peter.
Shortly thereafter, a Macintosh disk arrived (other software is also available) along with a registration code, password and instructions for signing up via modem.
The only winners so far have been the apparatchiks.
So, at age 75, the old marine marched back to do battle for his family name and shrinking pocketbook.
Its basic fee for a medically equipped rescue helicopter is $990.
"I just said, 'Go for it,' and it went in," Seles said in explaining her 102-mile-an-hour serve.
A gay marine removed from active service in September has decided to resume regular duty in line with a Federal court ruling, his lawyer said on Monday.
"We need to say, 'Hey, wait a minute,' " said Kenneth W. Jenkins, president of the Yonkers branch of the N.A.A.C.P.
COMMENTARY Liz Balmaseda The Miami Herald Liz Balmaseda was cited for her articles from Haiti on the deteriorating political and social conditions there, and for her columns on the lives of Cuban-Americans in Miami.
A joint report today by 16 economists for the nation's largest corporations predicted that the American economy would grow 3 percent for the second half of this year and through all of 1994.
"The ground is much more fertile than it ever was."
"There's 10 times more pressure in the playoffs than here because you haven't proven anything yet.
But if Congress cuts spending first and devotes the savings to deficit reduction, it would put the White House in a no-win bind.
By understandably focusing his Presidency on domestic affairs, Mr. Clinton has not been able to draw on foreign policy as a source of strength.
He was 63 and lived in Boston.
Beyond Surviving Recession "This year, it is not just about surviving the recession, but what kind of state we will be afterward."
The works, supposedly six of the seven lost sonatas Haydn composed after 1765, were reportedly discovered by an unidentified elderly woman in Munster, Germany, who took them to Winfried Michel, a local flutist and music theory teacher.
Their anxiety can bring physical changes, including sleeplessness and loss of appetite, he said, which can lead to irritability and social friction.
"My time was definitely up.
How myths and folk tales can enable women to understand their psyches.
They expressed their fears that utility rate regulators would not allow them to pass the tax on to consumers.
Kentucky made 14 of 34 3-point attempts tonight.
When Ed Bradley introduces a segment of "60 Minutes," that means he had a hand in it.
Mr. Rubin, 34. graduated from Stanford University.
It's also another chance to save money.
The system carries about 25 percent of the oil produced in the United States.
The Municipal Securities Rulemaking Board has proposed requiring all companies to disclose their contributions, but stopped short of ordering a ban.
"When you get into heavy drug use with people who are not fully developed psychologically, you can have certain kinds of damage occurring," said Rodney Skager, a professor of educational psychology at the University of California at Los Angeles.
I feel so free when I'm running."
Montreal was on the power play because Curtis Leschyshyn was sent off for slashing Brian Bellows at 9:26 of overtime.
To the Editor: Days before the murder of Dr. David Gunn in Pensacola, Fla., on March 10, several of my fellow medical students and I received unsolicited mail from Life Dynamics Inc. of Texas.
After an expansion binge that nearly doubled the number of stores and nearly quintupled sales in less than a decade, the company is stopping to catch its breath.
Vaccines work by injecting a small amount of toxins into the body so that antibodies can develop.
A multicenter study is now under way, she said.
Each of these friendships is supposed to make up for more conventional family ties, but as in so much of Mrs. Jhabvala's fiction, love breeds disappointment and regret, not solace and safety.
The best way to do that without burdening the middle class, Mr. Clinton said, would be to shift some of the costs now borne by Government to employers, as his health care plan would do, by requiring employers to buy insurance for their workers.
The Purple Eagles' first two shots were off target and their next three possessions resulted in turnovers and led to three Redmen baskets.
There are tidy white draperies in some of the public hallway windows.
Mrs. Brecher, 28, is a daughter of Mr. and Mrs. Ralph A. Kohl of Newton, Mass., and a magna cum laude graduate of Harvard University.
And in the wake of their introduction, national malt liquor consumption has increased to 82.9 million 2.5-gallon cases in 1992 from 73.6 million in 1989, according to the Jobson Publishing Corporation's Beer Handbook, which predicts sales of 97.8 million cases this year.
For 30 years, the PCB's had been discarded upriver by General Electric plants that had received permission to do so from, yes, the same state agency that imposed the ban.
Stephen Hanson, an owner of Isabella's and Coconut Grill, is to open a third restaurant, Park Avalon, in October at 225 Park Avenue South, near 18th Street.
I ask Carlos Garcia, vice president of Cubanacan, which has been setting up joint tourist ventures with European and Latin American investors, what would happen if, as the Cubans wish, the United States embargo were dropped, diplomatic relations were resumed with Washington and his hotels started filling up with tourists bringing both American dollars and American ideas.
But the budget rules forbid the use of such secondary effects in calculating how to offset lost tax revenues.
Ms. Speier said that Mr. Winslow was dedicated to his students and to young people in general.
By allowing the case to end there, the prosecutors are asking us to believe that one minor functionary masterminded a multibillion-dollar scheme that helped arm Saddam Hussein to the point where, not long thereafter, he felt strong enough to invade Kuwait.
ITINERARY: A three-hour cruise that entirely circles Manhattan Island: south from Pier 83; down along the financial district; past the Statue of Liberty and Governors Island; under the Brooklyn, Manhattan and Williamsburg Bridges; past midtown and the Upper East Side; north through the Harlem River and around the northern tip of the island, and back south under the George Washington Bridge to Pier 83.
"Is it ridiculous to think Super Bowl?
The issue of a successor to Mr. Noorda, who is 69, has been a concern at Novell, but analysts said the latest move did not resolve it.
Safety Concerns Raised Some civil rights leaders expressed concern to President Aristide about his personal safety.
Jeffrey D. Sachs: Hey, pundits, what about Yeltsin?
But they never came back.
Mr. Nelson said Connecticut had appropriated the idea from one of the most successful specialty-plate programs in the country: Maryland's "Treasure the Chesapeake" plate.
For many elderly people, the most enticing part of the Clinton plan is probably the new prescription drug benefit.
Equitable raised $450 million in its initial public offering of common stock and an additional $800 million from an issue of convertible preferred stock.
An obituary yesterday about Frederick Glass, 79, a former transportation industry exective who died on Wednesday in Manhattan, misidentified a college on whose board he served.
He also appeared capable of throwing his blazing fastball by tomorrow, which had to hearten the Yankees, who will need him if they are to challenge in the American League East this season.
Admission is free unless noted.
So with 19 days to go, just how much of the work remains to be done?
A Hamas Leader Rejects Offer After hearing unofficial reports of the compromise as it was being submitted to the Rabin Cabinet but before it was approved unanimously, the group's spokesman, Abdul Aziz al-Rantisi, a Gazan leader of the Hamas Islamic movement, rejected the idea of allowing only some of the deportees to return home.
"It's been a very brutal campaign," Ms. Holtzman said yesterday as another trainload of New Yorkers paraded up from the subway like weary, anonymous jurors.
Kodak says that the I.S.O.
'On an Expansion Kick' After a tuxedo has been rented 20 times and a pair of shoes 10 times,they are put aside and offered at a special sale at the store each January.
A smoke alarm was accidentally set off in their home, and the girls ran to a neighbor's house for help.
Write to the manager of special programs at 95 Merrick Way, Coral Gables, Fla. 33134.
Those who are without that resource deserve the same option extended to parents in London during World War II.
Only when he can do that will we begin to discover what his being 7 feet 6 is going to mean.
Heading the project were Philip Capasso, flavor vice president at Ungerer, and Steve Hoch, Immuno's vice president of marketing.
Moreover, they said it would cost the Federal Government at least $20 billion over five years if it guaranteed state and local authorities that they would not spend more than 7.9 percent of their payrolls on employee health benefits.
BETWEEN innings of Cuba's game with Italy on Tuesday, Ernie Perez chatted with members of the Cuban team as they walked between their dugout and the bullpen.
"Like every other company, we're looking for ways to cut costs so we can be more effective."
Valenzuela (2-5), roughed up for three homers in an 8-4 Orioles' loss Friday at California, checked the A's on five hits.
After all, where does the money go?
Beckman Instruments, based in Fullerton, Calif., supplies automated systems for biological analysis in research and quality control.
Everybody has to deal with those things, and I probably didn't deal with it in the right way."
Many women in senior positions say this is worse in the Ivy League, where the stakes are so high and the pressures to perform, publish and win research grants so great that women, like some men, are driven to leave for more congenial campuses.
In the last months, Armenia has been rescued from total economic collapse by an infusion of billions of rubles in credits from Russia, Mr. Ter-Petrosyan said.
Mr. Nadir has taken refuge in the Turkish Republic of Northern Cyprus, which seceded in 1974, and is only recognized by Turkey.
NOT JUST VISITING Hillary Rodham Clinton, in charge of coordinating the Administration's plans on health care, took her concerns to Capitol Hill, by herself.
Mr. Hevevsi, a grandson and nephew of succesive chief rabbis of Hungary who lost many family members in the Holocaust, comes from Forest Hills, Queens, a heavily Jewish neighborhood where Mr. Dinkins lost the Democratic primary 4 to 3 to Roy E. Innis, the conservative chairman of the Congress of Racial Equality and where he needs to hold up his margins against Mr. Giuliani, who beat him there in 1989.
The tone is set by Bradley Kaus's electronic score, with a live drumming component performed by musicians and the dancers.
Dr. Cole based his findings mostly on analyses of fossilized pollen in four national parks in widely separated parts of the country.
PSI's chairman, James E. Rogers Jr., said that the $70 million fee was one factor that he hoped would help sway shareholders to abandon their interest in the tender offer from Ipalco for $26.50 in cash and stock for each PSI share.
He helped expand the airline at a 25 percent annual rate with consistent profits while keeping wages low, a thin line he was able to walk because employees advanced quickly.
At 3:20 and 7:30 P.M. (The star of the film, Kim Hunter, will attend.)
The forest has reclaimed the garden.
Ms. Gottesman, 29, who is keeping her name, is known as Archie.
"The law calls for these children to be in the least restrictive environment, but Sheindle was in the most restrictive.
And buckling up for safety means being strapped into a harness with so many clasps that it is as if you are in a fighter jet.
The two of them looked at a monitor as the Belmont unfolded again.
Three days later, Mrs. Cooke confirmed her Fellini esque stature when she was arrested after a wild ride through Georgetown with a young man on the hood of her Jaguar.
Bound by rules of evidence, limited to the specific criminal activities attributed to the four defendants, the trial has so far had the perverse effect of deepening, rather than resolving, some of the more persistent mysteries of the World Trade Center attack.
Under this approach, if the United States was fighting a war in the Middle East and North Korea attacked South Korea, the United States would rely on air power and a limited number of ground forces to hold the line on the Korean peninsula until the Middle East war was over.
Instead of starting his senior year in high school in September, Iverson began serving his term at the jail farm.
" Since Universal wanted to be in the Jean-Claude Van Damme business, Mr. Jacks flew to Hong Kong with the star.
'Raises Some Problems' But many other politicians and analysts said the differences between Judge Breyer and the Baird and Wood cases might not register with the public.
But the bridge problem-solver is a relatively rare bird, and double-dummy is out of fashion.
At Dec. 31, the company employed 133,200 people worldwide; the layoff would be about 2.2 percent of that figure.
The talks haven't been beaten to death yet."
Mr. Mamet leaves the outcome up in the air and, by suggesting that the fortune teller may have had a genuine revelation despite himself, ends the play on a note of ambiguity.
They run seven days a week 24 hours a day."
Last week, Gandler took Kasparaitis to a financial consultant to invest some money.
One house being built beside the golf course covers about 7,000 square feet.
It's like 'Groundhog Day': You can return again and again, and you realize, 'Hey, I could become king of this world.'
Miss Fox, 24, is the assistant to the director of admissions at the Nightingale-Bamford School, a private school in New York.
Their heroes are Nelson Mandela and Chris Hani.
"It started out as a part-time job for me, but it's quickly becoming all I do."
For that reason, politicians nationwide who have either raised taxes or are contemplating it, especially President Clinton, were carefully watching the outcome of the New Jersey race.
The world outdoor track and field championships will begin a nine-day run on Saturday, with or without Noureddine Morceli of Algeria, the world's best 1,500-meter runner.
Steven J. Ross, the chairman of Time Warner who died last Dec. 20, was another father figure for Mr. Spielberg, who dedicated the movie to him.
(AP) AUTO RACING Senna Charges to First Ayrton Senna charged from fifth to first on the opening lap yesterday and powered to victory in the European Grand Prix in Donington, England, his second straight Formula One triumph in a row.
Or they asked why didn't he play like Darryl Dawkins?
Organized by abstruse signals from a conductor (on this occasion, the composer), it affords numerous chances for brief, quick-cut virtuosity.
The Miss America pageant wants to know whether television viewers enjoy watching contestants parade in bathing suits and high heels or if they would rather concentrate on the young women's talents and intellects.
We apologize for what she saw as a lack of intervention in their plight.
They beat up their girlfriends and wives.
Abortion clinics may face more disruptions from protesters as a result of yesterday's Supreme Court decision that an 1871 law protecting blacks from the Ku Klux Klan cannot be used to insure women's access to the clinics.
So, a year after production was about to begin, the original director, producer and writer were all gone from "The Good Son," as a consequence of Mr. Culkin's actions.
Often callers receive practical advice on replacing a brake caliper, for example, or checking the electrical circuits.
The officials said yesterday, in response to reporters, that with hindsight, perhaps the figures should have been included.
"The preferred plan is to open in England first, but in London there's nothing suitable."
A combination of low inventories and higher prices for newly arriving 1994 models may be slightly slowing sales, he said.
Representative Edolphus Towns, Democrat of Brooklyn, chairman of the House subcommittee on human resources and intergovernmental affairs, which oversees the institutes, said he was "outraged that N.I.H.
We've got to start some kind of dialogue.
But David Johnson, manager of tax-exempt mutual funds at Van Kampen Investment Advisory Group in Oakbrook Terrace, Ill., said the yields on the California issues were too low.
It is not a surprise that the two artists are paired in a show, "New Works by Carl Tese and Craig Nutt," at the Meredith Gallery in Baltimore.
For me and many others, Stella Adler restored the exhilaration in building and analyzing a character, in reaching out and taking in the world around us.
Still, many Israelis understand the displeasure of the Orthodox.
"They are after anything that might help them," said Chris Pipho, a spokesman for the Education Commission of the States, a nonprofit research and policy group, in a telephone interview from his Denver office.
24 -- which looked like a perfect fit.
An example is the somewhat-photographic composition of a man in white clothes paying his respects to the corpse under a sheet before a shelf loaded with statuettes and vases of flowers.
His eyesight has faded a bit over 102 years, and when you ask Chet Hoff a question these days, you have to speak up.
The Fed granted the bank an exemption from a 1970 law meant to prevent banks from restricting their lending to those who buy other services they offer.
-- handled 100 in a single day.
Some employers are likely to challenge a Government requirement that forces them to buy health coverage for their employees, as Mr. Clinton proposes.
But the courts have a pretty good track record."
Thirteen defendants were charged in the case, which used a small financial firm secretly set up and run by the F.B.I., the Drug Enforcement Administration, the Internal Revenue Service and the Customs Service out of an office building near the Greenwich, Conn., railroad station.
Now, the group has retrieved its critical database and will soon rent another mainframe.
There are also bilingual services.
Winner Bill Swift (11-5) gave up five hits and one run, while loser Danny Jackson (7-6) was reached for 11 runs on 15 hits over four and two-thirds innings.
Thus far, Ballesteros is resisting such suggestions, largely because he wants to keep focusing his energies on playing in Ryder Cup competition.
When Cuba appealed for help from the World Health Organization in May, there were fears that the illness might be caused by a new virus or other microbe.
Lemieux's competitiveness and ability to agitate opponents was the main reason Lou Lamoriello got him from Montreal on Sept. 4, 1990.
For Fine, the sequel was all superb winning technique.
That is not always the obvious one -- to increase sales -- but may be part of an effort to drive up the company stock price, to attract a buyer of the company or, frankly, to make you famous.
Whether Almaty, with its bleak Soviet-style hotels, limited international phone lines and scant taxi service, could handle the American President and the White House press corps is another matter.
For good measure, he is also suing his convicted colleague, Sergeant Koon, saying the sergeant should have stopped the beating and thereby saved him, and the entire city, from this endless legal roundelay.
McEnroe had made it clear he felt he would not have trouble convincing the nation's elite players to play Davis Cup.
At his presentation, President Clinton held up a fat folder of paperwork for such loans under the current system, and a thin sheaf of forms under the new process.
"It helps knowing that we come from a close community, that my Mom may be left alone but still has someone looking out for her," said Mr Tolson, 21.
Under the deal, General Dynamics will retain ownership of all its space systems division real estate.
Julie Mara Frohman, a daughter of Joan B. Frohman of East Hampton, L.I., and Gerald G. Frohman of New York, and Daniel Chu Badion, a son of the late Mr. and Mrs. Diosdado Badion, were married yesterday evening at the Stanhope Hotel in New York.
One prominent inaugural planner said, "Look, there are two stars here, Bill Clinton and Al Gore.
Hats littered the ice, especially around Hackett, and Richer enjoyed every minute of it as he stood in front of the Devils' bench and waited for the referee and linesmen to collect the souvenirs and pile them up in the Devils' penalty box.
In Spanish and Italian, basta means "enough!"
But to sell a house, you've got to keep it presentable and that means mowing the lawn.
Among the tie-ins will be a Burger King promotion focusing on bicycle safety, offering five premiums like a Turtles bike horn and bike bags; a "Turtles III" comic book from Archie Comics, and action figures -- call them dolls and boys won't play with them -- from Playmates Toys.
We've got tables and private rooms."
Doctors predicted he would be fully recovered in four to six weeks.
"I said, 'You realize all four of these guys are Jewish,' " Mr. Hamill said. "
"We have agreed to complete confidentiality and are treating the conversations that he is having with Mr. Koresh as privileged.
Chemical is seeking to acquire four million accounts from Shell, the sources said.
Delaying tough decisions until the fall may be smart campaign politics, but it will not get the city anywhere.
Mr. Gates said they would be "bad stuff" that would hurt the state's schools and ultimately effect the area's economic competitiveness.
The case began last month, drug agency officials said, after the two suspects picked up several bales of cocaine that were dropped into the Straits of Florida by a plane that was tracked from Colombia.
And both are trying to break down the religious, economic and political walls that keep the people of Northern Ireland divided.
Ms. Nic was instrumental in persuading the United Nations to publish a directory of banned and restricted pesticides, chemicals and other consumer products.
Tom Bohannan, who trains the nominal favorite, Prairie Bayou, said that he saw five major threats: Union City, Personal Hope, Sea Hero, Storm Tower and Bull Inthe Heather.
The other, known as the "killer" and usually just a black dot, obliterated the stamp so it could not be reused.
Mr. Tong was one of many Chinese restaurateurs outraged by the Chinese restaurant-food survey.
The tide of people crossing borders to flee war, drought and economic misery "could become the human crisis of our age," it said.
ABC also lost money on "Cop Rock," the ill-fated police musical conceived by the producer Steven Bochco.
Instead, they suggested, he was robbed by bandits, or shot in retaliation for his refusal to hire some local people as election workers.
The three companies signed five-year cross-licensing agreements for use of Texas Instruments' personal computer system patents.
Drain and pull away the skin.
Then, with a healthy dose of reality in mind, let the process start again.
They also argue that the projections on the amounts to be raised from a sharp increase in tax rates on the wealthy are overstated.
But I'm glad it's not me."
Using a computer, she created a portrait boasting the mouth of Boucher's Europa, the chin of Botticelli's Venus, Gerome's Psyche, the forehead of Mona Lisa and the nose of an unattributed French sculpture of Diana.
The independent commission was formed in January because, panel members say, the city's Commission on Human Rights was overwhelmed with cases and could not adequately do its job.
This particular day Ms. Arquette is wearing scuffed cowboy boots and a farmer's hat on her straw-blond hair.
But the theater is toil-intensive.
Some in the crowd were teary-eyed as they watched the documentary, a fast-paced series of classroom scenes and interviews with students and teachers about their mission to integrate the arts and education.
Long mooted, and long overdue, is the relocation of the huge miscellaneous collections that are now stored within the Hermitage itself in blatantly inadequate conditions.
I got up early and arrived alone at the dining room shortly after 7 A.M.
"What's happening in Bosnia," Bob Djurdjevic of Phoenix wrote to The New York Times the other day, "is not a 'genocide.'
"Here they barbecue, which provides the smoke you need for first-rate jerk."
We will know the success of the results, in part, by the number of offerings made before concerts, and by the kind of frenzy the music inspires, heard in the sounds of bare palms striking each other with great energy.
"I'd love it, too," she said.
Mr. Wargacki said Taro's past fights with other dogs were not grounds for a finding of viciousness.
He will now earn $1.5 million instead of the $2.6 million he sought.
Next to Stephen Frears's telling of Choderlos de Laclos's tale in "Dangerous Liaisons," the Forman version (with Colin Firth, Annette Bening and Meg Tilly) pales a bit.
Can you direct me to places along the Atlantic coast offering trips?
b-After an extraordinary gain from debt of restructuring, including income tax benefit of $ 790,000, of $ 3,967,000, or 33 cents a share, in the quarter and year.c-Net lossd-Included losses from discontinued operations of $ 2,659,000 in the quarter and $ 89,089,000 in the year.Live Entertainment said in the fourth quarter of 1992 its net income attributable to common stock was $ 420,000 after subtracting $ 822,000 for paying preferred dividends.
For politicians, race is something to be exploited during campaigns and avoided like poison thereafter.
A source for Jerusalem artichoke tubers is Ronniger's Seed Potatoes, Star Route, Moyie Springs, Idaho 83845, (208) 267-7938 (catalogue $1), while Merry Gardens, Camden, Me.
Still more was buried in the ground, but the Energy Department is no longer sure precisely where, he said.
The part's wide repertory of moods is acutely observed and thoughtfully rendered.
"We now have offices in San Francisco, New York, Boston and Tokyo," said Sanford R. Robertson, the firm's senior partner and a co-founder.
The prices include housekeeping and cooking but not food.
That is a far more costly proposition at G.M., which has about 20,000 idled workers, than at Ford, which has almost none.
Philippe Kahn, Borland's president, chairman and chief executive, said the alliance had broader goals.
The only good in this embrace of pretense was the timing: Because he was caught out so soon, Bill Clinton learned before it was too late that not even the President of the United States can force his wishes to be truths.
This referendum is a necessary step to restoring that confidence no matter what the consequences."
Skipping the readings and just going to stores and signing books is not humanly interesting, to me at least.
That's what the record shows.
While Speaker Thomas S. Foley of Washington favors the agreement, the majority leader, Richard A. Gephardt of Missouri, announced Tuesday that he opposed it.
Mr. LeClerc (pronounced luh-CLAIR), who enjoys a reputation among academic colleagues and executives at charitable foundations as a quietly effective administrator at Hunter College, comes without the fanfare that surrounded the appointment of the two presidents before him, Vartan Gregorian and Mr. Healy.
Wilson's "American Ornithology," a nine-volume opus published around 1810, was the first comprehensive work of American natural history, setting a standard to be matched and, in due time, bettered.
It contended that the 250 Pine Barrens projects should be barred until an environmental study gauged their combined effect on the groundwater supply.
8-seeded team in a conference to defeat the No.
"I could date Maria Cantwell or Blanche Lambert -- they're hot," mused Mr. Hoke, a divorced father.
The center's central purpose, when not earning its keep through its annual gathering, is to offer college students up-to-date, inside information about the news media and every field of mass media, present and future.
Claude Lapointe and Joe Sakic scored for Quebec, which made the playoffs for the first time since 1987.
A separate study of 500 male prostitutes in Rio in 1990 found that two-thirds were infected with the virus.
They hoped instead to find a protein on the organism that might induce protection from Lyme without also inducing harmful effects.
Disturbed by their inability to understand how hepatitis is transmitted, researchers in the United States and in England then conducted studies trying to give hepatitis to "volunteers," mostly children with Down syndrome and prisoners, Dr. Seeff said.
With redoubled efforts, scientists believe the top quark could be recreated within 18 months.
Momentous decisions between doctor and patient must take place in the context of a relationship of trust and understanding cultivated over a period of years.
The official final vote in the 100-member Senate was an oddity, 51 to 50.
Largely made possible by a grant from General Foods U.S.A., children's programming returns to Katonah.
At another extreme are long, slim, jersey tube dresses in Roman stripes, those circles of brilliant colors in contrasting series that run across the fabric.
They had to determine, for instance, how common depression was in patients with different types of cancers.
Despite its title, this well-intentioned but doggedly pedestrian book is not so much a portrait of avant-garde salons like Gertrude Stein's as a series of biographies of famous and not-so-famous American modernists.
Robert Wagner Vivian Emery .
"It's not just a mindset," said Seymour Melman, professor emeritus of industrial engineering at Columbia University and chairman of the National Commission for Economic Conversion and Disarmament.
"I'm afraid you can, ma'am," the woman answers.
would have had a difficult time taking any action other than the one it did, which was to force the sale of one of Mr. Murdoch's media properties in New York and in Boston.
A senior Administration said, "We're very encouraged by Gaidar's return and by indications from the Russian Government that they now see the need for a rapid turn toward stabilization and reform."
Earlier Advanced Micro statements had been widely interpreted to mean its cleanroom 486 chip was free of Intel software.
Rather than continue with 27 Rb1, Short could as well have called it quits.
Works extensively as a producer; served as executive producer on a recent album by Pete Rock and C. L. Smooth, "Mecca and the Soul Brother."
In addition to her son John, she is survived by another son, Charles, of Cornwall, Conn., and Cortona, Italy, four grandchildren and one great-grandson.
He said that 2,400 people could be in home-nursing care paid for by Medicaid in this fiscal year and 3,600 in the next year.
In the long run, it can allow itself to hope for a less lopsided, less export-driven structure in Japan.
From France, Canada and California, the big horses were flying into New York this week to join the herd of stars already stabled at Belmont Park for the landmark races scheduled in the next few weeks.
Father Lives in Israel Shai's father, Michael Reuven, who is divorced from the boy's mother and lives in Israel, said he turned that information over to the police.
"This is a golden age of science and scientific education," she said in an interview yesterday.
Most endorse the general premise that Nafta will stimulate Mexico's economy enough to help the United States, that it will help the United States become more competitive in Latin America, and could spur acceptance in Europe and Japan of other free trade agreements that would boost American exports.
We're the type of team that needs all the guys."
It is so beautiful that you can't explain it.
He was chairman of the African-American studies department until he was appropriately removed by the college from the chairmanship, though not the classroom.
The Vanguard Group, of Valley Forge, Pa., captured these diverse approaches via the Standard & Poor's/Barra Growth and Value indexes.
"The Secret File on J. Edgar Hoover," tonight's unsparing "Frontline" report, will do nothing to reburnish his reputation.
The main tourist attractions, like the Winter Palace and St. Isaac's Cathedral, are in relatively good shape.
A day after Oakland rallied from a 10-4 deficit in the eighth inning for a 12-11 victory, the A's went ahead at the start and led the rest of the way.
Having spent the last two years on a Mormon mission in Australia, Bradley will enter the league untested by recent game competition.
The new air-traffic control system, whose cost was estimated at $2.5 billion when it was planned in 1983, is now expected to cost more than $5 billion.
Vello Pahn, an Estonian, conducted Ludwig Minkus's score, which has been opened to include the dances from a 1941 Kirov staging that Miss Makarova omitted from Act II.
Since fall, the market has seldom flown in formation, with one sector, then another, soaring ahead.
"We fire only when we need to teach the Muslims a lesson," Zoran said.
Their only field goal within a span of 10:38, which brought Texas Tech within 68-63, was met by a 17-0 St. John's run.
She has told of how, at a tea given for her and the eight other women in her class at Harvard Law School in 1956, Dean Erwin Griswold asked each in turn how they felt about taking places earmarked for men.
And in this town, where an injured quarterback can knock the President off the evening news, that is a self-indictment of Dostoyevskyesque proportions.
Europe Express, (212) 334-0836, a two-and-a-half-year-old company based in New York, is offering a $469 air and land package, using USAir as the carrier.
As he nears a decision about running for a fourth term, Gov.
Barbara Head Millstein on Consuelo Kanaga: A pioneer of realism.
Nearly half of registered voters in New Jersey, which has a population of 7.5 million, are independents, while only 20 percent are registered as Republicans.
There seemed to be no indication during jury selection that the black woman removed on Monday might cause problems.
Mr. Fernandez's troubles with the current board have more to do with politics and style than with educational differences.
I'm black I'm white We're pals No need to fight Love and peace there will be When we live in harmony I'm Asian I'm Spanish Let us all be friends That is what we wish We know that we don't look alike But we all get along 'Cause love makes us strong.
The ring, set with an amethyst, was bought in Mexico a couple of years ago, and although it isn't extraordinarily valuable, it's a favorite of his.
But as Professor Even's experience suggests, the Israeli Army may be something less than the model of tolerance and openness supposed by some who cite Israel's example in advocating an end to the ban on homosexuals in the military in the United States.
Boswell's, Finch's and Grannick's pharmacies endure.
At the University of California at Los Angeles, Dr. Dennis J. Slamon has started safety testing of an antibody intended to thwart the protein made by the neu gene.
Pilots are the only Delta employees covered by a union.
And through him I became a bird watcher and eventually a member of the Audubon Society.
She adds that lists uncovered in 1983 "provide the key to Raoul's fundamental sources" (Isak Dinesen's "Out of Africa" and Elspeth Huxley's "White Man's Country") for the book's descriptions of Africa, and that allusion in the volume "to Hesperides, Ptolemy, Homer and other mythology comes directly from works with which Raoul was conversant."
5 Sergi Bruguera were also eliminated in the third round.
"Mix in circles that care about these things and you'll pick up information about people who are courageous," Mr. Humphry said.
And while American Muslims are struggling with these problems, they confront the same forces of assimilation and intermarriage that have pared away the ranks of other religious groups.
The police found a kilogram of cocaine, worth about $30,000 on the street, 100 crack vials, more than $15,000 in cash and a scale used for weighing drugs in Apartment 3F, where the shootings took place shortly before 6 P.M. Thursday.
Placed David Howard, infielder, on the 15-day disabled list.
I think our bid was the strongest, but Jacksonville was safe."
But then the Jets gave Denver the ball back with 58 seconds to play in the half.
Four-Member Majority Mr. Macchiarola's name was put forward by the same four-member majority of the Board of Education that voted to oust Mr. Fernandez -- over the Mayor's objection -- when his contract expires at the end of June.
Later, when we found out about his past, we were shocked."
Al Sharpton, said at a news conference.
Yet these two episodes essentially make the same point about the colonel's reawakening joie de vivre.
Much more remains to be said about how Czech Cubists tried to erase the distinction between the fine and the applied arts.
It kind of knocks the wind out of us."
"He'll be able to weigh in a lot with the House, which is where there will be the problem," a State Department official said.
Locklear set Sept. 3 for their next court appearance.
Continued U.S. Military Presence The bedrock of America's security role in the Asian-Pacific must be a continued military presence.
had subpoenaed records of the Gloucester County Utilities Authority, the Gloucester County Improvement Authority and schools in four townships: Logan, Mantua, Elk and West Deptford.
In February, Ms. Bhutto flew to London to give birth to her third child.
The agency's goal is 75 percent usage, he said.
As principal, she oversees the four-year-old program operated by the Career Education Center, often keeping in touch with the 32 separate locations by telephone from her red sports car.
The other cost involves environmental cleanup and highway construction in border states, said a Federal official who insisted on anonymity.
Winter May Be Very Cold Romanians face a precarious winter.
"We've lost three at home the same way," Daly said yesterday.
Mr. Levy said studies and reports in the last two years had detailed rising casualties among recreational boaters.
Schering-Plough is based in Madison, N.J.
And what about Al Harazin, the general manager who made Jeff Torborg manage on the night he was to be fired?
Her father is a professor of transportation engineering at Polytechnic University in Brooklyn and a principal partner at Urbitran Associates, an engineering firm in Manhattan.
And while the group is known for its often wonderful interplay, it kept the show straight on Thursday, sounding, as much as it can, like a standard rock band, with the rhythm section driving away, carefully coordinated.
"I've told this story to many of my friends and colleagues," she added.
Last week Mr. Morita, 72, underwent brain surgery, and he may have to retire.
It was there -- in neighborhoods in Brooklyn, Queens, Staten Island and the Bronx -- where parents were jolted over fights over condoms, AIDS curriculums and teaching about gay people and where local elected officials, school board members and district superintendents have complained most about an aloof top-down management style.
"Perhaps the sea will remember."
In the meantime, more candor from top city officials would be refreshing.
During an inspection of the school late last year, Mr. Robins, of the mayor's office, said he noticed something that dismayed him.
The county had argued that the at-large system was not inherently discriminatory.
Comfort Comes First Skirts are very short or to the floor, and pajamas are an important alternative.
She'd say, 'I want to help.'
Frank Tanana, the starter who turned 40 years old Saturday and pitched like he was 60 yesterday, gave up a pair of home runs in the second, one to the Giants' eighth man in the order.
A Statement Is Likely While members of the Clinton team said that Mr. Christopher was likely to make a statement Tuesday about the matter to try to defuse it before the Wednesday hearing, Democratic members of the committee said that they did not expect the topic to derail the nomination.
But this time, he finished three lengths in front of the Bill Mott entry of Lech and Cleone, who in turn beat Furiously to the wire by a neck.
Yes, it was 22 days before the barbecue.
By far the highest-stakes contest is who will replace Michael H. Armacost in Tokyo.
Encouraged by his mother, Suzanne Robbins, and by an expert friend, Jim Sampson, he began playing in clubs and by year's end had accumulated 80 master points, making him the American Contract Bridge League's Rookie of the Year.
In running back Lewis Tillman, the Giants have not just found a comfort zone should starting back Rodney Hampton get hurt again, but they have also found a way not to run Hampton into the ground.
A14 Ross Perot supports, but does not endorse, a Senate candidate.
And New York's defense was porous, giving up 62 points in the first half.
He acknowledged that the definition of "conduct" as a noun -- "carrying forward" or "carrying out" -- did not necessarily imply the same degree of control.
In short, for the first time since it was partitioned and disappeared from the map for 123 years, Poland is coming into its own, however haltingly.
Ms. Vennize said many detainees were kept against their will in homes, schools and cellars.
"In some instances, you accept work you shouldn't accept because there is the fear that the kids will not feel good," said Elzeria Barnes, a science teacher in middle school and high school in Westchester.
In several respects, this three-hour portrait of a black working-class family is a breakthrough.
Now, women are more interested in bottom-line benefits, he said.
It even shared a dubious honor with sub-Saharan Africa as one of the last places on earth in the 1980's where masses of people were at risk of starvation.
But if Mr. Kidder gave us a glimpse of Joe and Lou in real conflict, he would have to come to terms with the fact that people who love each other can drive each other crazy, and in fact cause each other pain, an idea too complex for the tone and scope of the book he has written.
Preserving New York The Barbizon, 140 East 63d Street, and Cooper Union , 7 East Seventh Street; (518) 462-5658.
In came this missive from a Princeton professor, Avinash Dixit: "This is a rare instance where the person who coined the word gave an explanation for his choice."
The price of the 30-year bond, which had dropped sharply with the prices of Treasury notes just after the inflation report was released, seesawed through the day to end up 3/32 point, as the yield slipped to 6.86 percent, down from 6.87 percent Tuesday.
Germany cut a key interest rate.
An example of the latter state of affairs is the diagramed deal, played a week ago in Grand National Swiss Teams in Hempstead, L.I.
Boston, which had won three straight and 13 of 15, dropped one and one-half games out of first.
Other Leading Indicators Among other leading indicators, the Standard & Poor's 500-stock index rose 1.99 points, to 449.09, while the Nasdaq composite gained 4.30 points, to 704.54.
Edwin R. Werner, chairman of Empire, resigns and is replaced by Albert Cardone.
In the aftermath of the agreement, the King said Amman would push ahead with its negotiations with Jerusalem, independent of the Palestinians, the Syrians or the Lebanese.
(Rates can run higher at Christmas and Easter.)
That means she is on a constant quest to make life easier for people who not only suffer from a host of physical ailments but who also more than likely have dementia.
"You're going to become naked onstage or you're not," he said recently.
Meanwhile, as the deeply disappointed Catamounts emerged from the locker room onto the court as much as an hour after the game, they were greeted by fans.
And tax reduction would increase the deficit, concern with which has now reached near paranoiac proportions.
COLD LOIN OF VEAL WITH CELERY-STEAMED LEEKS 1 teaspoon olive oil 2 1-inch-thick veal loin chops, boned 2 teaspoons celery seeds 3 1/4 cups celery juice (see recipe) 12 leeks, julienned and washed 2 teaspoons salt, plus more to taste Freshly ground pepper to taste.
When Shirley Pruitt was promoted from a job in the city's Parking Violations Bureau to a better position in the payroll office of the Department of Transportation, she was elated.
"If my actions tend to get more business for American, whatever happens to another carrier is up to their management and their actions," Mr. Crandall responded.
*The Senate rejected a broad House tax on most sources of energy, opting instead for a gasoline and diesel tax that would raise about a third as much.
One pro-gambling chief has even accused another pro-gambling chief of accepting a bribe from a potential casino operator.
Mr. Eisenberg added that such a move would give alliance shows an unfair competitive advantage against other shows that had to assume higher weekly operating costs from the beginning of their run, when a show is trying to build an audience.
He is a son of Audrey T. Kelly of Deerfield, Ill., and the late Edward J. Kelly.
"You know," he says, with a big smile, "a hit man in our country costs just $20.
Mrs. Rivas became the 323d bystander to be shot in the city this year, according to the police.
A dispute over a small, relatively inexpensive program to house homeless families erupted into a bitter battle between the Dinkins administration and the New York City Council yesterday.
A8 FLOODS SHUT DOWN RIVER TRAFFIC The flood-swollen Mississippi River will be closed to marine traffic for three more weeks, causing tens of millions of dollars in losses to shippers and other companies.
Home Shopping Network Inc. says it is the target of an informal inquiry by the Securities and Exchange Commission.
He was referring to an incident that began last April 26 when just over 300 Chinese were smuggled into an inlet about 20 miles south of here.
At the meeting of July 12, 1984, Mr. Chernenko noted that Vyacheslav M. Molotov, Stalin's Foreign Minister, had been readmitted at his request into the Communist Party, from which he was expelled by Nikita S. Khrushchev.
"I hope that it will be resolved in April, when the people do what the Congress was not able to do."
In an effort to bolster President Boris N. Yeltsin's political position, the White House is considering offering him loan guarantees to house demobilized Russian troops and an enterprise fund to support emerging Russian capitalists, senior Administration officials said today.
She then resumed serious training in July during a summer training camp in Mount Hood although she was still a far cry from the fearless skier of 1992.
"What better friend could you get than one who saved your life?"
Actually, nobody was expecting either of them, but they earned the right to be here, their match ought to be spirited, at least, and, what the heck, Jimmy Connors's act was getting tired.
sided with Saddam Hussein in the gulf war.
He said he and a group of would-be defectors, including crew members and family and friends, had planned to take advantage of the pilot's next assignment from a government-owned airline, Aero Caribbean, to take an empty plane to a resort on Cuba's north coast.
That has not happened at many companies, and 52 percent of those surveyed said they were not getting their money's worth from computer and communications spending.
Mess early in the century was an "ironic statement meaning good," while mess with meant "to harass"; mess around was heard in the 1920's to mean "improvisational jazz dancing"; mess up [ one's ] mind in the 50's meant "to confuse someone through manipulation," and mess up generally meant "to attack physically; to verbally assault"; in the 80's, to mess up [ one's ] game meant "to interfere with someone's attempt at romance."
Dr. Gregory Richard Anrig, head of the company that created the aptitude tests taken by millions of students, died on Sunday at the Princeton Medical Center.
Another injury, another loss, this time by 93-84 to the Cleveland Cavaliers in Game 3 of their playoff series.
And kids 16 and under are half-price," he said.
His father was the postmaster in Aurora.
Eventually, a fingerprint registered at the front desk may replace hotel room keys, and a touch on a mini-scanner will open the door to the room.
After all, the offense was strong, swift and dangerous, and the defense -- a perpetual scapegoat for this team's problems -- held the Flyers to 22 shots, its second-lowest total of the season.
5 on the Fortune list of fast-growing companies, dominates the router business with $650 million in sales and up to 60 percent of the market.
Some of the protest vote has gone to far-right parties like the Republicans here and Jean-Marie Le Pen's National Front in France.
The role of the rough-edged, foul-mouthed Liz Morden is undertaken by Lynne Leibowitz.
Josefina Martinez Tejeda and her family are among dozens who have been living in the Hotel Palacio for a week since being evacuated.
Lower airline ticket taxes were among recommendations in the report of a U.S. panel looking into the industry's ills.
He has plans for other deals, including "joint ventures," but prefers not to disclose them.
To some people, it might seem a curious leap from being publisher of Publishers Weekly to publisher of Out, a gay magazine.
In fact, before today's ruling, the family had hoped to be on one of those flights on Saturday morning.
(AP) Ukrainian Wins Prague Open: Unseeded Natalya Medvedeva of Ukraine defeated Germany's Meike Babel, 6-3, 6-2, to win the Prague Open.
Representative Charles E. Schumer, the Brooklyn Democrat who is chairman of the House Subcommittee on Crime and Criminal Justice, said he planned to introduce legislation next week making it a Federal crime to block access to abortion clinics.
He continued as her skipper until his retirement in 1982.
Yesterday morning, Mr. De Pippo, in a brief additional examination tried to restore Mr. Gilhooly's credibility.
It is also an essential element of Novell's efforts to ward off the Microsoft Corporation's forthcoming Windows NT operating system, which is expected to be introduced later this spring.
Her goal is not to open up African art for Western viewers, but to open the museum's visitors to African art.
Two of the league's finest backs -- the Bills' Thurman Thomas and the Cowboys' Emmitt Smith -- will be dueling from opposite sides of the field.
In much the same way as the copying machine has altered the enforcement of copyright laws, he argues in "The Death of Literature," the growing use of computerized information banks will vaporize the conception of a book as an individual creation.
He died of complications from cancer, his family said Mr. Decker wrote New Jersey's uniform construction code and its fire code.
The suspect in last week's slaying lived in just such an armory shelter in the Bronx, a makeshift home to 700 men.
At the same time, directors are taking their responsibilities as the shareholders' watchdog more seriously.
asks Mr. Hickey, who lives in the Bronx.
To be Chinese was to belong to a civilization which was presumed to be universal, or, if not universal, to have only barbarians beyond it.
Eviction, however, can be accomplished by way of a summary proceeding, which, in many cases, according to Mr. Werbin, is not terribly protracted or overwhelmingly expensive.
James Steele, a political consultant from Brooklyn, said, "When black people see the Mayor traveling to Israel during the Gulf War, but not visiting their community in New York City, it fuels the perception that he cares more about other communities in the city."
But action by industrial companies could force many states to embrace competition.
The regular purging of computer files is also stacking the deck against archivists, as is the continuing consolidation in the industry that threatens to erode a sense of corporate culture at many firms.
Vital services must continue; the city must work out a new financial structure.
With the withdrawal from Gaza and Jericho, the meter begins to run on a five-year interim period of Palestinian self-rule, but there are disagreements over whether the starting point should be Dec. 13 or April 13.
The danger is that management won't know exactly how the new creatures work.
Since the Giants mini-camp ended on June 16, Simms has been working with other members of the offense, particularly two new receivers, Mark Jackson, a former Bronco, and Mike Sherrard, a former 49er.
As angry clients waited to tell their stories, a disbarred lawyer surprised Federal prosecutors at a bail hearing today and pleaded guilty to defrauding investors of more than $3 million with bogus real-estate projects.
Under the plan, Circle K, which is based in Phoenix, will be taken over by the CK Acquisitions Corporation, which consists mostly of European investors.
EARTH IN THE BALANCE: Ecology and the Human Spirit By Al Gore.
EVELYNNE ROBERTS PATTERSON New York
Last July 2, the millionth Corvette was built.
To the Editor: William Safire's "Ally for Sale" (column, Oct. 28) lacks understanding of Turkey's deep commitment to the Western alliance, of which Turkey is an integral part.
With the courteousness of a schoolboy, Mr. Lewis mixed a prickly tenacity on matters of principle.
for damages he said he suffered when the federation wrongfully imposed a performance-enhancing drug suspension on him.
Under the regular rules, it can be deducted at market value with no capital gains tax.
METRO DIGEST COOPERATION VOWED ON RETURN OF SHEIK Secretary of State Warren Christopher said that the United States would act swiftly on Egypt's request for the return of Sheik Omar Abdel Rahman, the radical Islamic cleric who has been accused of inciting violence among his followers in Egypt and whose adherents in the United States include suspects in the bombing of the World Trade Center.
acknowledged in the rules last year that it had seen estimates ranging from $2 to about $45 a telephone.
Gwen Torrence, nursing a hip-flexor injury, was second in 11.03, while Michelle Finn was third in 11.07 to earn the final berth for the world championships.
"Something happened at the World Trade Center," he said.
The campaign in "In the Line of Fire" isn't about issues and ideas, but about the naked wish to win.
But in practice, adult teeth often move just as fast because adults are more motivated to cooperate, says Dr. Mervin Graham, an orthodontist in Denver.
's senior vice president for medical education, said: "We support expanded roles for nurses, but we draw our sword and make our line in the sand at nurses practicing independently.
When reporters tried to question him, he did not politely ask them to leave or pretend he wasn't home.
Lately, he has been laboring.
Not all fleeing Haitians qualify for asylum.
Philadelphia Orchestra Carnegie Hall Bernard Rands majored in music and English literature at the University of Wales.
They play Frank Sinatra music.
In his letter, Mr. Jackson sought to play down his efforts to win the post.
Would Siegfried have been deceived by such a sorceress?
"The mother came running down to the desk at the hotel where two of our officers were stationed," said Lieut.
"He and Mrs. Bush always wanted to see the country, and since he's out of office now, he has the time," he added.
Proof Is in the Camera Lewis, after Saturday, finally has title fight film to back him up.
& B., said yesterday: "The issue of whether we'll participate is under discussion.
In the Pocket: $2 Before shooting the shot at which 18 others had failed, at the 18 previous Bulls home games, Calhoun took one bounce of the ball and three little hop-steps, and flung it like a baseball.
Political analysts here differ on how directly the continuing criticism of Mexico in the United States might lead to a resurgence of anti-American sentiment in Mexico if the pact is defeated.
She had some clear notions on how Mr. Cortines, could make a difference at Public School 171, a school that outperforms other schools in the district: set politics aside, be "child oriented," and hold people in the system accountable.
The University of Chicago Press.
ON RELIGION AND THE MILITARY From Judge Ginsburg's dissenting opinion in Goldman v. Secretary of Defense, a 1984 decision by the United States Court of Appeals for the District of Columbia that let stand a regulation that banned wearing yarmulkes while on duty: The plaintiff in this case, S. Simcha Goldman, has long served his country as an Air Force officer with honor and devotion.
In a division in which contenders and pretenders might sprint together to the October finish, there will be great focus on the dugout man with the big paycheck and thick books of computer printouts.
After all, he seems to be saying, we are all flying over dark waters, losing altitude.
May crude oil closed 7 cents higher, at $20.37 a barrel, at the New York Mercantile Exchange.
In the United States, humans produce some 130 million tons of excreta annually, while livestock produces an additional 12 billion tons.
Artworks can be viewed the day of the benefit or the day before at the gallery, from 10 A.M. to 6 P.M. Tickets, $50, or $25 for artists, from (212) 505-7713 or at the door.
Signs of rotted sills include sagging flooring or springy joists near outside walls, crooked siding and mold, mildew or peeling paint.
The Clinton Administration sought to shift the agenda for a meeting of industrial nations to reducing trade imbalances.
Many governments, for example, now look more skeptically at claims that immigrants have fled persecution, especially when they are from the former Soviet Union.
So were Pat Donovan, a retired helicopter pilot, and Terry Biehauf, a car salesman, three generations of the Turner family and Jacqueline Brickey, an executive secretary, and her brother Jim Josue, a hair colorist, and hundreds of other people who were feeling lucky that morning.
Its lines rise in Art Deco contrast to the Gotham-Gothic rigging of the Dakota, moored in dark glory just north across the street.
British Telecom still controls about 90 percent of the market, while most of the rest belongs to Mercury Communications, a unit of Cable and Wireless P.L.C.
American diplomats met with North Korean officials in Beijing today to express their displeasure with North Korea's intention to withdraw from the treaty to halt the spread of nuclear weapons, a State Department official said.
There's a feeling of, let's give it a try.
Everyone operates out of recognizable motives, even if it sometimes takes awhile for the true motive to surface.
Then the next morning, I met Frank Austin on the road.
In the days that followed, the Senator's mail changed.
's 28-24 victory and was named the game's most valuable player.
An explosion never occurred, because the slug moved through the hollow assembly so rapidly.
On the same television program, an actress told what she described as "the last" Mujo and Haso joke.
He was a member of the Broadcast Network and Programming Committee of the American Association of Advertising Agencies and the National Academy of Cable Programming.
The Senator's remedy is to give agents from the Immigration and Naturalization Service the authority to "immediately exclude any alien" who comes to the U.S. with no documents or with fraudulent documents, "unless a 'credible claim' for refugee status is made."
Among past performers who've benefited are Pearl Jam, the Red Hot Chili Peppers and Ice Cube.
But until the last of the program's four pieces, there was the sense of something missing.
C15 Books: "The Endangered American Dream."
Quite frankly, in addition to $55,000 worth of tuition, it is a price I don't believe I should have to pay.
Morgan Stanley & Co. Tarrant County, Tex., $225 million of water control district revenue bonds.
Another reason for the selling was that traders and speculators were reversing trades that had looked good when they feared that the Federal Reserve would raise short-term interest rates but are not that attractive that this immediate possibility has disappeared.
Daryl G. Hatano, director of international trade for the Semiconductor Industry Association, disagreed with Mr. Reich's statistics.
He said that his last candidate to withdraw, Judge Kimba M. Wood, did not withdraw because she had done anything illegal but because "she knew the person providing the child care was doing something illegal."
Mr. Alphandery said a new poll showed 14 percent of the French would consider buying shares in privatized companies.
I did the same, but not without a touch of New York-inspired worry.
Many of the earlier artists included here tried, with varying degrees of success, to depict the inhabitants of the newly discovered lands in a straightforward and factual manner.
The barrage of articles "is an explosion, a culmination, a profound statement of the importance of this subject for the human condition," said Dr. George D. Lundberg, who is editor of The Journal of the American Medical Association, where some of the articles appeared, and editor in chief of the American Medical Association's scientific publications.
Pink on Aug. 26, 1992, robbed a Friendly's restaurant in East Lyme and took about $50, Mr. Hauser said.
(Regular economy-class fares to Moscow and St. Petersburg are about $950 round trip.)
Indeed, it offers a catalogue of strengths ranging from education (2 percent college graduates, the highest in the Mideast) to generous expatriates ($300 million in remittances annually before the Persian Gulf war) to stable public finance (no external debt, no parasitic public sector) to the potential for religious tourism.
Possible White House Test If the strike persists a few weeks and spreads to other coal association members -- a real possibility, the union says -- the Clinton Administration will face a test of commitment to unions that supported its election.
The number to call for more information is 238-4779.
"We have begun receiving liability claims," said Mr. Weintraub.
Witnessing is not just looking.
Philip Morris earnings fell 24.8 percent, to $971 million, but Marlboro cigarettes' market share edged up 1.4 percent.
Schooled in a religious culture in which, from the beginning, rightness has meant supremacy, he has seen that supremacy lost in the world to Western power; lost in his own country to foreign intruders, with their foreign ways and their Westernized proteges; lost in his own home to emancipated women and rebellious children.
Huntington centers use praise instead of goodies to inspire students.
The 32-year-old Mr. Marsalis has brought jazz a visiblity it hasn't had since Coltrane led his great quartet, and without him there's a good chance that jazz's current renaissance would not exist.
He has a jarring habit of soaring and then dipping, as in the Lincolnesque "Let us resolve" followed by "will be a continuing process."
Tickets are $75 and $100.
Kendall Gill made two free throws to pull Charlotte to within 105-103 with 49.1 seconds to play.
"I'm happy as long as we win," said Coleman.
Both players suffered sprained ligaments in their foot and underwent magnetic resonance imaging exams Monday afternoon.
In a number of cases, lawsuits contend that patients who did not need psychiatric hospitalization were held against their will until their insurance coverage ran out.
"The whole idea is not to have to get to where you have to fix the hole in the tooth," Dr. Davis said.
She signed autographs "Hillary Rodham Clinton.'
She chain-smoked as she spoke, but by her own rules, should have lit up only three times that night.
Mr. Fernandez's ouster was carried out by what has become known to opponents as the "gang of four" -- members representing the boroughs outside Manhattan.
Negatives Line Up The bond market came under additional pressure yesterday because this shift in investors' moods was taking place just as several other negatives were lining up on their own.
But it'll get stolen again.
"And those clubs that have great kickers believed that moving the kickoff back would give up an advantage they should enjoy."
An official of the Justice Department in Washington, who spoke on condition that his name not be used, said that as a policy the department does not announce that it will monitor an election until the day before it is held.
He is shooting 61.8 percent from 3-point range, and in the last two games he had 8 blocked shots.
The scary news somewhat overshadowed the good news: that the wide receiver has an outside shot at returning by the end of the regular season.
Many species of English butterflies have disappeared with the loss of habitats.
But with booksellers allowed to return any unsold books to the unhappy publisher, it is likely that Simon & Schuster may be saddled with an enormous number of costly unsold books, booksellers say.
Brewers 12, Athletics 2 Cal Eldred (14-12) won his 14th game and host Milwaukee used three four-run innings to beat Oakland, sending the Athletics to their sixth straight loss in a meeting of the American League's last-place teams.
In New York, the largest AIDS care organization, the Gay Men's Health Crisis, is trying valiantly to be all things to all constituencies -- it contributed $25,000 to the lobbying effort to allow homosexuals in the military even as it was helping to expand legal services in Harlem.
What do you think of the resurgence of punk?
Lord Grimond, known as Jo throughout his political career, became the Liberal Party Whip in the House of Commons, and succeeded Clement Davies as leader of the Liberal Party when he retired in 1956.
What mattered was upholding the law.
"I didn't know any of the big-time runners, the national runners," she remembered.
Boggs, O'Neill, Matt Nokes and Kevin Maas were in the lineup instead of Gallego, Velarde, Mike Stanley and Leyritz.
Mr. Kemp also criticized racial division and talked about the need for poor people and minorities to have choices in where they live.
The last Bush budget, which the incoming Clinton Administration could only tinker with, includes $4 billion for development of four new planes -- the F-22, a multi-role fighter, the AX and the F/A-18E/ F. To develop and procure all four well into the next century would cost a whopping $300 billion.
When the Crazies spotted Bob Hurley Sr., the coach at St. Anthony in Jersey City, who yesterday received a framed jersey from his son, they bent at the waist and bowed to say thanks.
*3*** COMPANY REPORTS ** View Full Article in Timesmachine »
Instruction becomes more sophisticated as students mature, and in the ninth grade they learn about abortion, contraception and homosexuality.
Easing of Abortion Curbs The new restrictions on abortion, to go into effect Oct. 1 as part of the appropriation for the Department of Health and Human Services in the new fiscal year, are somewhat looser than those now on the books in that they would allow a woman to have an abortion under Medicaid if she said she was pregnant because of rape or incest.
Thus a mezzo-forte in the third Impromptu could be about equal in decibel level to a fortissimo in the second.
The nephew served from 1984 to 1986.
Yesterday, Richard Falk, the supervisor of Big Ten officials, admitted that an error had been made and left a message to that effect on the Penn State head coach's answering machine.
On Thursday 600 American soldiers were supposed to leave for Haiti to help arrange the transition from military rule to the installation of President Jean-Bertrand Aristide.
Mr. Sullivan said that as an example, the state's efforts in 1985 for the General Motors assembly plant in North Tarrytown -- tax incentives and infrastructure improvements worth $25 million -- had provided a solid return on investments, even with the planned closing of the factory in two years.
Then, a few months ago, Julius's mother, sick with AIDS and unable to care for herself, left her children and traveled to her mother's home to die.
"I think we were perhaps a little too much in awe of the film," he said.
I do the work and destroy the tape so that no one knows what I've done."
They have moved 21 times in the last 23 years.
Men and women need to know the sex and drug histories of their partners before having sex with them, the report said.
He set a deadline of July 9 for contract talks that had been stalled awaiting the F.C.C.
Her second marriage to Dadour Dadourian ended with his death in 1991.
Between that new career and the demands of parenthood, said the father of three, he really hasn't had time to regret his decision to stop playing tournament tennis this year.
The good news is that they are in demand as never before; their enrollment gains are far ahead of the national average.
Both Mosconi and Minnesota Fats were 65 years old, but still in command of skills.
He had been in long discussions with top Justice Department officials in Washington.
(212) 877-7787 Eagle Master Locksmith (212) 532-1075 Murray Hill Security Center (B,Q,BX) .
The activities will include exhibits and discussions of the civil rights movement and current concerns of minorities.
(718) 699-9811 For other complaint sources, refer to "Big Apple Street Smarts" (The Consultant Press: 1992)
My purpose was not to glamorize Hollywood, or to deglamorize it, but to tell it straight arrow as it happened to me."
So their original plan specifically excluded the playgrounds, tennis courts, croquet lawns, baseball diamonds and other elements that now make up the modern definition of park.
According to economists, much of the borrowing in the 1970's paid bureaucrats' salaries or covered interest payments.
And, near the conclusion, people marched about carrying placards with messages like "Take Care of the Earth," "Save the Water" and "Make a Difference."
"What is tragic about the last few days is that regardless of what this racially diverse jury does in the end, the appearance of unfairness and confusion will remain in the public's perception," said Peter Arenella, a law professor at the University of California at Los Angeles.
Mr. Kass, who loved dinosaurs as a child, forgot about them for years and studied business administration in college.
Still, no one is predicting a sudden upswing in sales.
"I don't think so," he said.
Both Ms. Ehrenreich's main characters work at the Human Ecology Complex, otherwise known as HEC, or, as its disgruntled employees refer to it, as "hell."
Magazines as well as hard-cover and paperback books will be among the thousands of items for children and adults.
Dramas of Various Weights Two new dramas could be called Drama Lite, and they emphasize adventure.
Eventually, the dams, landfills, nuclear power plants and other scourges of humankind could disappear.
As a new voter in New York, I called the 718 number you kindly published to find out where to vote.
degree from New York Medical College.
Over the last decade, razor ribbon has spread from businesses to homes, libraries, churches and drug-rehabilitation centers.
But by demanding that everything be put on the table at the start, they threaten to paralyze the talks.
He succeeds C. Brandon Gough, who remains chairman of the British operation.
To the loud proclamations he brings a laserlike power; to the lyrical sections, which interweave simplicity with darker undertones, he bristles with the same concentrated purpose.
The Vilardis are the store's fourth owners in this century.
Other recent works use a Matisse nude and a painting of a sleeping woman by Paul Delaroche, the 19th-century French artist; on the wall nearby is the statement Delaroche supposedly made when he heard of the invention of photography: "From today painting is dead."
Odelein is the much-penalized defenseman who has irked the Islanders with his combative tactics throughout the series.
The judge decided not to fine Mr. Benjamin, "since he has acted diligently thus far."
They also fear that Mrs. Whitman's pledge to cut state taxes by 30 percent can only come at the expense of state support for local schools, though she has promised it will not.
Questions about the enormous cost of repairing the fire damage at Windsor Castle, the historic royal residence about 25 miles west of London, led a growing number of the Queen's otherwise loyal subjects to call on the royal family to shoulder some of the cost.
Mr. Schott said the table was created only to analyze the effects of the pact on income distribution, not on overall employment, and had been used to determine that low-skilled workers and highly skilled workers would be equally affected by the agreement.
He says the key is patience, and if King has proven anything it is that he is willing to wait.
And many seemed to see it as a personal rejection.
"In a perfect world we simply wouldn't dump our waste at sea.
Many market participants believe that the 110 level is a floor used to guide international currency policy.
Administration officials are to testify on Tuesday about their goals for any such bill.
Beyond these complaints, by most accounts, Geronimo in particular seethed with a more general resentment of confinement.
Mr. Foley told reporters it been hard for him, and others, to break with labor.
FRANK PASTIRCHAK Wyckoff, N.J., Oct. 21, 1993
The Ukrainian Parliament responded by threatening a state of emergency in Sevastopol, a closed city where visitors need special permits.
They are no longer confronted with large dual-language signboards in Yangon that once trumpeted ugly propaganda in English and Burmese.
"All the guys who've left have become enormously wealthy because of stock options," Mr. Laird said.
The tariff reduction accord was widely seen as only a step toward a complete agreement.
At least one store, The Brass Ring, has moved to neighboring Middlebury, in part because of the restrictions, said an employee.
Breitenbach's color pictures, which are on view at Hirschl & Adler Modern (his portraits and later black-and-white work are at Houk Friedman), reflect the many methods he used.
Accordingly, its board instructed QVC to provide proof that it could finance the $3.5 billion cash portion of its bid.
Lawyers who wrote the agreement say that labor groups and victims organizations were regularly consulted during the negotiation of the agreement.
Bob Boaz, chief economist at Deacon Barclays de Zoete Wedd Ltd., in February, when the Dow Jones was puttering along at about 3,200.
"I looked at the draft as being ridiculous," Johnson said today.
After driving across town to a Baptist church, he left it with police officers and in exchange, Mr. Carey got some peace of mind, and two tickets to a Luther Vandross concert, to boot.
"All I know is that she called the police on him one time."
1.7 Million Voters On the paper ballots, Paraguay's 1.7 million voters can split their votes between presidential candidates and candidates for congress and state governships.
Taxes account for almost half the approximately $500 billion in the Democratic plan's deficit cutting over five years.
Dr. Gomez on Tuesday replied angrily that the chancellor "has been anything but constructive and, in fact, has made it infinitely more difficult to address a number of long-standing issues at Kean College."
"A simple family-leave policy would have allowed any of us the few weeks necessary to see them through this medical crisis," she said.
As Hollier and his sexually rapacious wife, Rita, ensnare the critic Alejandro and his colleagues, there emerges a subtle portrait of Mexico City cultural life, with all its anxious insecurity about the colossus to the north.
Eager to move ahead on its proposed $9.6 billion merger with Paramount Communications, QVC Network Inc. is preparing to begin discussions with Paramount's advisers early next week, several executives close to the talks said yesterday.
Zoran keeps scrapbooks on Tito's every move.
"You be careful," he said to the jurors.
would be funded together as a unit," said Gregory Long, chairman of the group and president of the New York Botanical Garden.
It is an installation created on site by the German artist Felix Droese.
In the last four weeks, four priests in one small Roman Catholic diocese in southern Illinois have been removed as pastors after accusations of sexual misconduct that stretch back to the 1960's.
He was an attache for science at the American Embassy in Bern from 1962 through 1964 and also wrote books on malnutrition as well as science in Switzerland.
One hour after Anna's birth, as her mother kept asking, "Where is she?"
In addition to the violinist (and founder-director) Helen Armstrong, the players are the violist Louise Schulman, the cellist Frederick Zlotkin, the double bassist Kenneth Fricker and the pianist Sandra Rivers.
In 1963 Mr. Santry was promoted to president and chief executive and was elected chairman in 1982.
Dr. Jean Mayer, the Chancellor and former president of Tufts University whose work as a nutritionist helped clarify the nature of hunger and obesity and expanded the Federal food stamp and school lunch programs, died yesterday in Sarasota, Fla., where he was vacationing.
Ms. Schwartz was pained by the response to the Harvard Business Review article in part because she believes her critics failed to read past her controversial opening line.
The have-nots are no longer as docile as they once were, for one thing.
The article is impressive in its evenhandedness.
The one familiar presence will be her 19-year-old brother, Terrence Gethers, also a first-year student and another beneficiary of the "I Have a Dream" program.
Thomas Vetter, the president of Elizabeth's Police Benevolent Association, said: "He's a dinosaur.
But because the White House and Congress are both in Democratic hands, the proposal will be treated more seriously on Capitol Hill than most Reagan and Bush budgets were.
"I kept prodding him: 'I want to go.
GREEN BAY PACKERS -- Agreed to terms with Chris Jacke, kicker, on a three-year contract extension.
Nor will they look at whether any senior officials dissented in the decision on the final raid, and there will be no scrutiny of the basis for the bureau's recommendation to use tanks to punch holes in the cult's buildings and spray tear gas inside.
Latest example: tonight's "For Their Own Good," on ABC at 9, an "inspired by an actual event" movie.
Some of those people are the British runners, notably the sharp-tongued Christie.
Mr. Louis is an associate in the New York law firm of Lord Day & Lord, Barrett Smith.
The underwriter in that pending deal is, surprise, Stratton Oakmont.
Nd5 followed by 31 .
Bring liquid to a boil, reduce to simmer, and cook for about 20 minutes.
Down by 5-0 in the fifth set on the Grandstand Court last night, Wally Masur was thinking about what he was going to do when he got home to his native Australia.
Representative Don Edwards, a Democrat of California who is chairman of the House Judiciary Committee, said, "The real political decision was the one a year ago to go 100 miles from outside of Memphis to pick a nearly all-white jury."
But a $25 meal there would leave most people happily replete.
Its appeal was essentially pictorial.
"An interesting site gives you something to respond to visually," he said.
For him, hope wrestled with experience, and was close to being pinned to the mat.
To maintain grain prices at the currently mandated price of 12,000 rubles a metric ton ($28.78), he said, the state needed to spend from 2 billion ($4.79 million) to 3 billion ($7.19 million) rubles a day, a figure difficult to sustain for much more than the first quarter.
Mr. Roosevelt's principal audience was the world and especially Latin America.
And this column reported at the time that William R. Sheppard of Parker, Colo., manager of the Englewood, Colo., branch of a penny stock firm called the National Securities Corporation, was putting out ridiculous forecasts of high profits for the company -- whose only operation was incorporating worthless shell companies.
Each is constructed of hardwood (black-stained beech at Nuovo Melodrom, black-lacquered ash at Palazzetti) and accented with a decorative stained-glass panel.
I really don't know what we'll do."
His frames often capture enough of a community or a region to demonstrate how humanity interacts with biology, how settlement and agriculture interact with geology.
It's as if the Government doesn't understand that there are elemental questions at stake, questions of scientific potential, questions of nuclear safety."
Among his changes were a devaluation of the overvalued rupee, steps to make the central bank independent of political influence, elimination of many price subsidies and an agricultural tax on the country's rich landowners.
The company said that the increase in corporate tax rates lowered the quarter's results by 7 cents a shares, and that one-time items accounted for the loss in the 1992 quarter.
But he had an excuse: stiffness in his pitching shoulder that disabled him from July 28 to Aug. 29.
No doubt, a few of those players are going to be disappointed, given that the league probably will add two extra Rangers at most to the list.
Foreign books make up 25 percent of Archivia's stock.
An estimated 300,000 civilians fled their homes during the Israeli offensive and returned last week to find their homes destroyed or damaged.
Adults Are Afraid, Too "Everybody I know is scared to death," Mary Burgdorf, a grandmother, said as she and her neighbors waited for the school bus to drop off their children.
Sanctions Bite "President Aristide is prepared to attend this meeting and is waiting to do so," said Michael D. Barnes, a former United States Representative who advises Father Aristide.
He blocked five shots in the third period to set a team record and also played his first professional game without picking up a personal foul.
Our Klee is the only Klee, we think, and we don't like to have anyone else mess with him.
A page from Hillary Rodham Clinton's future?
The owner, who said he was protecting his family from a stranger who was runninng toward him, was acquitted on manslaughter charges.
Does rent regulation make sense in today's market?
"Did you take an unofficial visit?"
Under the approval letter, issued on Wednesday, Enron will put up $200 million of a total $400 million in foreign equity.
It was the fourth stakes victory in a row for Prairie Bayou, the second major one in a row, and it thrust him into the lead among the contenders crowding the route to Louisville, where the 119th Derby will be run three weeks from today.
A former bodyguard says that his biggest problem was keeping girls away from the boss; a sometime girlfriend says Mr. Tyson liked to get rough; a female reporter tells of having her breast grabbed at their first meeting; a chauffeur tells of the boxer's encounters with eager admirers in back seats and airplane bathrooms.
b-After a charge of $ 7,100,000 from adoption of FASB 106.
Diane Woodruff, whose paintings of Presidents and other American themes appeared in galleries nationwide, died of cancer on Friday.
The move was under consideration long ago, but the plan was speeded up because of the recent troubles, according to Craig Lowder, a company spokesman.
Tall, with long white-streaked hair, hazel eyes and olive skin and, in the words of one admiring theater critic, "a mercurial face," Ms. Payan appears self-assured.
The album is free, but requests should include 98 cents in new stamps to pay for postage.
New Symptoms Recognized The report called for substantially expanding the list of health consequences linked to the gas tests, adding 12 ailments to the seven diseases that the veterans agency was already considering for compensation.
"I was in no position to resign.
But Carpenter got it back for Washington just 16 seconds later, by knocking in Miller's rebound to make it 4-2.
After her Government was deposed, she insisted Mr. Sharif was leading an illegitimate Government.
After decades of enduring persecution and intimidation in the old Soviet Union, homosexuals in Russia are emerging into the open for the first time, even though they say they continue to feel mistreated and threatened by hostile public attitudes and by old laws that remain on the books.
Miss Underberg is an assistant treasurer in the real-estate finance group of Fuji Bank Ltd. in New York.
BOBBY BONILLA, whose talk of numbers today dealt mostly with his reduced weight, offered these as potential projections: "Twenty homers, 100 r.b.i.
The Administration said it feared setting off an exodus by sea in which many Haitians might die.
"Some people want them all to go, others want only the 16 to go, and the strongest pressure is coming from those who don't want a purge at all.
The decision to phase in coverage for the uninsured makes sense because companies will have time to adjust -- which, frankly, means slowing the growth of wages enough to eliminate the need to lay off workers.
"Since the end of 1991, I've worked harder on my game than any time since I was 22 years old," said Norman.
But in New Jersey, where the panel voted to expand McGuire Air Force Base in Wrightstown at the expense of Plattsburgh, a spokesman for Gov.
"Movies have reached the point where you need to destroy certain conventions.
"Ilyushin is an absolute joy to work with," said William H. Abshire, the head of operations in the former Soviet Union for Collins, which is investing $30 million in the program.
Yesterday, he was yelling at his staff because he wasn't satisfied with something.
Only Dallas, Golden State and Sacramento gave up more points per game than the Hornets (110.4).
But the company hired Mr. D'Amato anyway to represent Browning-Ferris in its bids, which totaled $1 billion over 20 years.
But there was something missing.
Another White House official, who spoke on the condition of anonymity, was even more definitive.
There is supposed to be a collection of young arms in the system to dangle before the Mets.
On the first level, a mother and her school-age daughter were considering "Eddie Diptych," which shows the tearful plight of a bobby-soxer.
The person or people in the lobby became enraged and shot all five, Sergeant McCluskey said.
Federal law on how much an airport can charge carriers to land their planes requires only that the fees be "reasonable."
After an opening scene that is narrated by Dr. Bethune's biographer, Chester Rice (Colm Feore), the doctor is shown arriving in China in 1938.
Because he was of Jewish descent, he left Germany in the early 1930's to sing in Zagreb and Zurich, where he appeared regularly until 1947.
"The Electromedics auto-transfusion equipment was the missing link," Dick Reid, a Medtronic spokesman, said.
He became a full professor of history in 1962 and was named William R. Kenan Jr.
Recalled Shane Reynolds, pitcher, from Tucson.
"I have gone through a metamorphosis where my own personal philosophies have shifted."
Had they looked inside Las Americas, they would have seen a bubble of another Miami Beach, where the residents speak Spanish and the children wear starched sailor suits to dinner.
Mr. Herman, however, remains adamant.
The actor, who also starred in "Jungle Fever" and "New Jack City," was charged with carrying a concealed weapon, a misdemeanor, and was taken to the Hollywood police station.
"Welcome to Sharon," he told the guests, "the new Jerusalem."
The city's Acting Health Commissioner, Dr. Benjamin Chu, said that although prolonged contact with asbestos could cause cancer, there was no evidence that students or staff members had been harmed.
"I'm a strong believer in establishing national standards and a national curriculum," said Mr. Close, whose own class of 23 students includes 11 who do not speak English as a first language.
New York Cares is committed to organizing easily accessible volunteer activities 365 days a year.
Mr. Murdoch emerged as a would-be savior of The Post when Abraham Hirschfeld backed away from buying the paper amid bitter battles over money and editorial control with The Post's staff and its creditors.
The contingent from the neo-Nazi Afrikaner Resistance Movement -- the men crowding before the television cameras with posters saying in English, "The White Race, the Master Race" -- constituted a minority, albeit a minority that felt at home here.
A preliminary agreement was first announced in November 1992.
"This is stand up for what you believe in and hold your ground."
But success is relative; old victims can be very dependent on the abuser.
Produced in a gauzy, feel-good style reminiscent of commercials for greeting cards, their warm and fuzzy visuals and syrupy voice-over narrations promote, in the softest of soft sells, adoption and carrying a child to term instead of abortion.
His boss, Boris Korbel, leapt at the idea.
With American backing, the United Nations has also decided to treat the Somalis it is holding -- many of them top aides of General Aidid -- as prisoners of war under the Geneva Conventions of 1949.
She turns to the camera (as she does from time to time throughout the film) and says tersely: "Same person, no difference at all.
From the birth of civilization, wine has stimulated personal and cultural highs, as the fevered revels (chaperoned by Eros) on the Met's ancient Greek pottery illustrate.
Thus, if men carry around excessive stores of iron in their blood, the metal may be helping to touch off free radical reactions that transform otherwise inert cholesterol packets into the stuff of hardened arteries and eventual heart attacks.
Moreover, many Palestinians in the territories are displeased.
As part of the refund payments, Fleet said it would reduce by as much as half the interest rate charges to some borrowers.
[ the United Nations High Commissioner for Refugees. ]
"It's time we faced up to it and stopped feeding off Aryans like a horde of locusts in a field of wheat."
Resistance From the West The grazing fee issue has bedeviled Mr. Clinton since the first days of his Presidency.
"The resources have not risen."
Adams said this team would very likely be torn apart after this season because of free agency and the salary cap.
For example, Timothy Corica, chairman of the mathematics department and director of academic computing, no longer lectures his students about how various classes of algebraic functions work.
The Israeli Defense Forces, as the army is officially called, have been accepting homosexuals with no questions asked at least since the 1970's.
Rabbi Arnold I. Sher performed the ceremony at the Hyatt Regency Greenwich in Old Greenwich, Conn. Mrs. Schwartzberg, 26, is the daughter of Dr. Martin and Judith Waldman of Fairfield, Conn.
A two-parent family is defined as a mother and father living together, married or not.
Like, sit behind the high school drinking beers?"
It will mean nothing if the 82d Airborne flew over Indonesia.
There was a popular band leader in the city named Johnny Pineapple.
That the film still manages to pack a considerable wallop is little short of miraculous.
"This is a reward for today's good work," he said.
The 26-year-old Caniggia denied last week any wrongdoing and said he did not plan to quit soccer "whatever the outcome of this case."
For this purpose, it includes half the Social Security benefits and all nontaxable interest income, certain foreign income and all other taxable income.
"If I end up in the hospital, we'll be out on the street," she said.
"The situation is critical in the Russian fuel and gas industry.
It's about a group of men and women in their mid-30's who return to Camp Tamakwa, the summer camp where, 20 years before, they learned about life, love and sex.
Makarov produced the first two goals in the game, the first with 1:36 left in the first period, and the second at 8:27 after the first intermission.
Of these, 100 cases were consumed and 64 recovered.
You're going to do what I ask.'
Transamerica, based in San Francisco, took TIG public in April and raised $1 billion from the sale of more than 44 million TIG shares.
EXTRA POINTS THURMAN THOMAS is suffering from abdominal and groin injuries and did not practice during the week.
Born in Bay Ridge, brought up in Catholic institutions and foster homes, Charley kept running away until he was old enough to join the Marines in 1934.
Serve with the dipping sauce.
Another program would make use of the thousands of vacant, unsold co-op and condominium units throughout the city.
Terms of the transaction were not disclosed.
But sound policy forbids taking firearms into the cell blocks lest inmates seize the weapons.
Joe Cirella fractured his right cheekbone in the second period when he was hit by a puck.
Page 55, from top: Framed Jean Cocteau print, $275.
The witnesses were seated at the base of the split-level execution chamber, looking up.
The master of the ring ceremony, Bulls television announcer Johnny Kerr, called Jordan to the microphone.
Divisions between the country's Flemish-speaking and French-speaking populations have led to the downfall of many governments.
The investigation of the murder of an officer, a general's daughter, unearths scandals in the military.
Would this patently bogus story have spun so far out of control if Earl (Tex) and Mary had found mere mouse droppings in their can?
WILLIAM D. SIEGEL Garden City, L.I., Aug. 20, 1993
"Painters of the Great Ming: The Imperial Court and the Zhe School" remains at the Metropolitan Museum of Art, Fifth Avenue at 82d Street, through May 9.
trucks may be safer than other models in accidents that do not involve fire.
"Bill and Hillary Rodham Clinton are not going to make a crusade against dirty books.
He scored on a 100-yard kickoff return at Cincinnati and caught 13 passes.
Yet many people like Mr. Johnson and Mr. Shapiro are not sporadic Christians or Jews.
Like the spaces for artists, each work space has lighting, electrical outlets, heat, air-conditioning and humidity control.
By avoiding strenuous physical outdoor activity and drinking plenty of fluids, the experts say, heat illness can be easily avoided.
A reduction in the number of visitors and greater security costs would place an additional financial burden on an institution that is struggling to balance its budget, and would likely result in a rise in the price of admission.
"Until competition is sufficient to protect consumers, tough regulatory oversight will be needed."
"We did a very thorough and time-consuming job of looking at other agencies," Knox Ramsey, general marketing manager at Oldsmobile in Lansing, Mich., said.
To the Editor: Another reason to hate Barney: The article "New Season, Old Cast, Room for One More" [ Oct. 31 ] reports that the television series "Barney and Friends" has a new character, a brother dinosaur named B J.
The easterly winds came up off Montego Bay, but somehow the scores went down.
The analysis, undertaken by researchers for the American Nurses Association, revealed, perhaps not surprisingly, that the babies delivered by midwives were more likely to be born vaginally without induction of labor, fetal monitoring, forceps delivery or episiotomy (a surgical cut of the vaginal opening).
Ron Gant and Dave Justice resumed their home-run derby.
THE title search unearthed a second mortgage and the substantial nature of the arrears was discovered.
But Mr. Dear contended that the expenses detailed by the Attorney General reflected legitimate business done for the foundation, called the Save Soviet Jewry Foundation Inc. For example, he said that the foundation paid $2,241.44 for a 1988 trip to the Soviet Union by his daughter Adina because she was helping him smuggle in children's clothes for Soviet Jews.
Champions Advanced weapons kata -- Gwen Hoffmann, New Jersey.
He means well, but I do not look forward to a guided tour of Fenway with Ranger Rick.
In 1990, amid growing public concern about the use of force by the police, the State Attorney General's office appointed a 24-member task force to look into the issue and make recommendations.
Last year, there were just 71 heart transplants in babies in the United States, and 18 percent to 37.5 percent of babies die before a heart can be found.
Jones doesn't like the methods of certain hunters.
To the Editor: Concerning your article "Pages of Their Own?"
Some potential supporters, including several who backed Mr. Dinkins in 1989, say cautiously that they are waiting to see if Mr. Stein can mount a credible candidacy.
's, 42 percent are owned by commercial insurance companies or Blue Cross and Blue Shield plans.
Twelve million of the deaths could be avoided if aid agencies increased spending on treatment programs to $100 million a year, from about $15 million now, the United Nations agency said in a report released here.
You just pick up the phone and tell them to bring stuff and you don't have to pay anything.
Since the initial report, about 20 studies have confirmed the connection in many different populations here and abroad.
President Franjo Tudjman of Croatia is overdue to be called to account.
"They've been using every subterfuge and trick they've got not to accept coverage," said Father Wolf.
At Mostar, 85 miles southwest of Sarajevo, Spanish troops of the United Nations force were ordered to abandon their garrison more than a month ago.
Newly goateed Wally Matthews (identified as "boxing dude") plays Bruno.
The Supreme Court had previously let stand a $400,000 award to the pop singer Bette Midler over a 1986 Ford commercial that used a sound-alike voice.
Cutting off one's nose to spite one's face comes to mind.
THE wire hanger was vibrating like a sewing machine in the trembling hand of Hans Schreiber.
Cover, and let stand for 30 minutes.
A good, if not great escape crafted through 17 pitches.
The bullpen is picking me up and the hitters are picking me up."
The company has the exclusive right to propose a reorganization plan.
Ms. Goldstein anticipates that the park will draw about 10,000 people a day on weekends in nice weather, and a total of 2 million to 3 million people a year.
Betty Ford spoke with compelling candor about mental health.
"I don't believe that it will take too long before additional Arab countries will recognize Israel," Mr. Rabin said at a news conference in Morocco before heading home.
The tiny company recently signed a licensing agreement for wireless data transfer technology with A.T.& T., and other major companies are signing up as well.
His wife, the former Elizabeth-Ann Campbell, died in 1990.
Turning a mixture of limestone and shale into cement requires heating kilns to 2,700 degrees Fahrenheit to bind the raw materials into rock hard nuggets called "clinker."
Big Taxes vs. Big Wealth In her stump speech, Mrs. Whitman says the Governor showed poor judgment in raising taxes as the state was heading into a recession.
The Nasdaq composite index, reflecting smaller-capitalization and high-technology stocks, closed up 0.35 point, to 695.04.
"He wants to make the calls.
consideration for the second consecutive season.
KEN WHELAN San Francisco, July 16, 1993
Its first big projects is to paint fanciful murals on the plywood covering Lundy's shattered windows, in part to give an impression of local spirit.
Jesus also gave me woodland tips about setting the trap upwind and smearing my hands with dirt and nuts to mask the human smells.
Ultimately, both sides dishonored themselves -- Mr. Yeltsin by illegally disbanding a legislature that had every right to continue its work and key parliament leaders by responding with violence to his provocations and drive for unchecked power.
And Mitsukoshi, Japan's oldest department store chain, had planned a 40,000-square-foot store for 57th Street and Park Avenue, but postponed the opening because of the weak American economy and a somewhat saturated market for luxury goods, said Katsuhiko Nitta, vice president of Mitsukoshi U.S.A. "We got the word from our headquarters in Tokyo to wait and see, and we're still waiting," Mr. Nitta said.
Which explains why Mr. Karp decided to display the lithographed boards without the boxes, spinners and playing pieces of the show's 44 games.
We give them someone who's there for them, a positive role model, someone who can excite them about staying in school."
And it is no wonder that the prevailing view among the board members who attended the co-op council workshop was that the best approach might be to stiffen rather than relax the sublet restrictions lest their buildings soon resemble rooming houses.
The project underscores how rapidly changing computer and network technologies are making it possible to offer low-cost access to Government information that has previously been available only on paper in libraries or electronically on mainframe computers that were difficult and expensive to tap into from remote locations.
Nor would the proposed 50 percent exclusion on capital gains help attract investors, he said, because it would apply only to investments in new companies.
"The practical consequence of this ruling was to allocate to the clemency process of the states the entire responsibility of determining who should live or die under these circumstances," they wrote.
"But there's not much she can do with no language and no experience.
The Armenians of Nagorno-Karabakh are and have always been engaging in acts of self-defense, without which they would have been wiped out long ago.
Mr. Gormley got the message after a meeting on Wednesday with Governor-elect Christine Todd Whitman, who herself faced an expensive and draining primary race last summer.
This alone offers strong reason to think that the doomsday notion of a fascist dictatorship slouching toward Moscow is overblown.
Whether the New Jersey law has cost jobs has political implications.
I felt the mission of this book was to show the closet.
"I am ready to move on to the next stage of my life," said Mrs. Schwartz, 68.
" "It's such a tricky thing, being a screenwriter, a strange combination of talents," Mr. Goldman said in an interview, sipping Irish whisky in the lounge of a hotel in Westwood.
The rave head, or philosophy, dictates nonviolent fashion (ravers often look like swaddled scarecrows) and an aerobic nonalcoholic high.
"We are entering a dynamic new era, with the size and substance necessary to grow and prosper," Mr. Davis said.
"I see no reason on earth why it could not be done," said Dr. Robert McKinnell, a professor of genetics and cell biology at the University of Minnesota.
The sense of hope is different."
Burkett (20-7) allowed three hits over eight innings in the Giants' second straight shutout of Houston.
Thanks to the determination of the Lithuanians themselves, and some timely help from their Nordic neighbors, a half-century of Soviet occupation has ended.
March wheat, which expires at the Chicago Board of Trade at noon on Monday, rose 3.5 cents, to $3.96 a bushel, the highest level since January 1992.
Ken Griffey Sr., a coach with Seattle often speaks of what a dream come true it has been to play with and coach Ken Griffey Jr., his 23-year-old son.
The modern American military has always preferred to substitute firepower for manpower, to accomplish the killing with large and high-technology weapons.
Her father is a senior partner in the Rochester law firm of Harris, Beach & Wilcox and a member of the New York State Commission on Judicial Conduct.
In her shows these days, Ms. Akers still sometimes includes "Torch Song," but her latest signature tune is "All the Things You Are," by Jerome Kern.
Then, when Mr. Clinton warned the North at Panmunjom that it risked destruction, Mr. Kim urged moderation.
Perhaps the most explosive pronouncement was his call for the United States to impose the same economic sanctions on Peru as on Haiti, after Mr. Fujimori closed Congress and the courts.
President Clinton today directed Federal officials to investigate the actions of departing Cabinet officials in the Bush Administration who awarded a total of $300,000 in last-minute bonuses to senior political and career aides.
"I snuck around and picked everything up."
"Today the cold war is over, and for the first time in history, an American President has set foot in a democratic Russia," he declared.
In between, we get, just to skim the surface, the Shroud of Turin, Jane Fonda in "Klute," Victor Buono and James Franciscus, "The Hound of the Baskervilles," Omar Sharif approaching the well, and the line "Don't lie to me like I'm Montel Williams," which turns out to be "my hommage to Belzer."
The witnesses face them, and Mr. Armao sits in between, at tables draped with red bunting.
Further, the use of the word lily, as in the play's title and the name of its protagonist -- both of which were carefully chosen by Molnar -- cleverly juxtaposes the delicacy and purity of an innocent child and a gullible wife.
Sessions, who is fighting almost alone to keep his job.
His assist came on a power play with 18:05 left in the period.
The legislation expressed a "sense of Congress" that until such guidelines were adopted, research and exploration be permitted only if nothing at the site was physically altered or salvaged.
Mr. Almonor listened politely, even as Mr. Brighton said forcefully: "Max, you just need to let Danielle go.
It was Christmas week of 1963, and "She Loves Me," a sensitive flower among hard-edged comic blockbusters like "A Funny Thing Happened on the Way to the Forum" and "How to Succeed in Business Without Really Trying," was surely a goner with the New Year.
Diners who go to the calypso brunch from 11 A.M. to 3 P.M. or dinner from 5 P.M. to midnight will be able to sample any four wines and any dish on the menu free.
The report, by two private research groups, said the cuts in some states would "hit the poor more sharply" than the Federal reductions of the early 1980's.
The family that had bought it was moving, lightening its load.
It can change their expectations.
And coming soon to a metaphysical store near you is the wry Po Mo Tarot, "a post-modern deck for navigating the next millennium," from Harper San Francisco, a division of HarperCollins Publishers.
They had to find something to applaud.
It is the time to be proud of the Gospel.
We really do believe the onus is on us."
"While reviewing the diaries, the committee counsel came across information indicating possible misconduct by Senator Packwood unrelated to the current inquiry.
NATIONAL LEAGUE EAST Phillies 7, Marlins 1 Curt Schilling pitched a seven-hitter and struck out a career-high 11 as the Philadelphia Phillies beat the Florida Marlins, 7-1, in Miami last night to move four and a half games ahead of the idle Montreal Expos in the N.L.
The organ was built from Oregon fir wood in 1984 by the Bozeman & Gibson Company in New Hampshire.
Kevin Seck, the company's owner, could not be reached for comment.
A1 SHOCKS FOR TOKYO WORKERS For years, the popular mythology in Japan has been that plant closings and corporate layoffs were quintessentially American.
If the team has any edge in terms of playoff experience, it goes to the coach, Al Arbour.
He said he sees signs that gold is again becoming a haven for investors looking for the tangible security that the metal always seems to have offered in times of economic and political instability, even though worldwide inflation remains under control.
He ducked, but what was apparently a practice throw by a member of the rival Edison team soared through the air and speared Campbell directly behind the right ear.
They resemble those doctors and engineers who rent themselves out in accident cases, some customarily testifying for the prosecution, others for the defense, a nice example of science accommodating itself to the market.
But then Zubov took a pass down the blue line from Brian Leetch in a power-play situation, sliced the puck under Roy's outstretched leg, and suddenly New York was alive and right back in it with 5 minutes 30 seconds to play.
He also said that he had given up chances for an hour's recreation on the roof because of the humiliating strip searches required afterward.
At the Norma Terris Theater, meanwhile, "john & jen" is the new Goodspeed-at-Chester showcase.
Westinghouse remade top management, forming an eight-member executive committee and five operating groups.
Contrary to the simplistic but still widely held view that it signified a complete break from Abstract Expressionism, the one movement actually evolved from the other.
His survivors include his wife, the former Rosl Irom; two daughters, Janet Edelman and Sue Fankhauser, both of New Rochelle, N.Y.; a brother, Frederick of Queens, and four grandchildren.
With apologies to the Brewers and Yankees because of the negative connotation associated with the phrase, it was a night for the birds at County Stadium.
But the local fall guy changed his mind about taking the fall, withdrew his plea of guilty and charged the C.I.A.
Unusual Tactic So Senator Mikulski did not offer an amendment that would formally delete the language she objected to, because that would have been subject to debate.
Some men couldn't have agreed more.
Together, they are learning the Plains Indian language on a bare-bones budget with tapes, the only available dictionary and good intentions.
This person has won the biological lottery."
Nelson A. Rockefeller in 1966, the land was created by fill and rubble from the excavation for the nearby World Trade Center, dumped amid decrepit Hudson River piers.
In the fall of 1991, The Huntington Library in San Marino, Calif., made photographs of the closely held scrolls available to all interested scholars, prompting both anger among some traditionalists and delight among other scholars who could now interpret the documents for themselves.
The higher bid came only hours after Arnotts won a tactical battle in court.
The committee unanimously endorsed her a few hours later.
"Then we'd go into a private Cuban school in Miami, and the concept of discrimination was so alien that students practically didn't understand the question."
"But one thing is certain -- flight evolved from the trees down.
Ms. Campbell was among the most outspoken critics of President Bush's decision to go to war in the Persian Gulf.
That seemed to solve the problem.
The slender landmark Art Deco skyscraper at 51st Street -- ornamented by lightning bolts and electric rays -- is valued at $40 million.
Judge Huyett wrote in his opinion that he had decided to reopen the case now, rather than follow the usual practice of considering objections after a law takes effect, because "women who were deterred from exercising their right in the interim period would suffer unnecessary and irreparable harm, considering the temporary nature of a woman's ability to exercise her constitutional right to choose an abortion."
Either the black protagonist is an activist devoted to the struggle or a go-along-get-along fellow who, before the film is over, will discover the error of his indifference.
Trials Share an Image Like some other black politicians, Ms. Moore, noting that the anger would not dissipate regardless of the verdicts, said it must find a more constructive outlet.
"But the focus has been on the weakness of the Japanese economy and the stock market," he said.
I never liked modeling, but I liked getting out of the small town I was in.
People, with Diana again on the cover, printed excerpts from Andrew Morton's book last year; the issue sold four million copies, a record for the magazine.
Billy Graham, who will deliver the Inaugural invocation, recently said that Bill and Hillary "will make a unique team to help lead America and the Western world at this period of history."
Cuba today named Roberto Robaina Gonzalez, a 37-year-old Communist youth movement leader, to be Foreign Minister.
But yesterday the talks centered on the sudden twist of events that may bring about the return to power of Haiti's President, the Rev.
So the 21-year-old Mazuolis wanted to go to the United States -- to swim again.
He makes no secret that he has been laying the groundwork for the imposition of emergency rule, which would enable him to continue political and economic reforms.
Supporters of a ban are trying to forge a compromise before the Legislature adjourns this week.
First the Massachusetts Department of Corrections determines where state prisoners will be held and is under no obligation to honor a recommendation by a Federal judge.
The 16th Street restaurants continue to thrive, and have been joined by Texas, Steak Frites and other upscale newcomers.
Each Centermark property, he said, is a dominant mall in its area and their occupancy rates average 90 percent.
It's as if he felt that simply by distorting or recombining these styles in unexpected ways, progress could be made and individuality achieved.
For the hard-liners, the Vance-Owen package legitimizes the destruction by Serbian force of the centralized state they once dominated, replacing it with a system of provinces controlled by different ethnic groups to which refugees will be reluctant to return as minorities.
If coverage of the costs of medicine is added, you have just about everything desired.
Last year, that concern resulted in the Justice Department's filing a discrimination lawsuit against several residents and the neighborhood association.
Mr. Peres fielded a few questions but refused to spell out what was discussed.
Bruce McGorrill, the head of the Maine Broadcasting Corporation, which owns two NBC affiliates in Maine and one CBS affiliate in Iowa, is ready for at least a partial blackout.
Guild executives say Mr. Zuckerman's move has led to a sharp decline in revenue.
16 The U.S. offered a plan to dismantle Ukraine's atomic weapons.
Granted, it's not entirely fair to compare "The Life and Legend of Leadbelly" to Joe Klein's "Woody Guthrie: A Life."
"Most guys our age are out to make money and have a good time, but not him.
The internists in her group divide duties so that only one of the five goes to the hospital every day and tends to all the group's patients, saving travel time.
In August 1991, a second vote was held and the union was again defeated, but this time by just a 1 percent margin.
If he came looking for her now, she said, she would not budge.
Now oil is low and the shares are ignored.
Today she is completing her Ph.D. courses in mathematics.
"How can you can do this us?"
REGION A SISTER'S LOVE, A SISTER'S DEATH In Toms River, N.J., when Ruth Evans, 78, asked her sister to help her end a life tormented by emphysema and angina, Blanche Black summoned her courage.
And fare wars have been cropping up recently and more are likely.
He had driven in eight runs in that time.
Air pollution officials from all 12 states have agreed to adopt those standards, but some state legislatures have not gone along.
Although the CD-4 count increased by 30 cells among the symptomless H.I.V.-infected participants who were given AZT in the study, the rise did not signal any apparent clinical benefit.
Yet he could hardly have expected the barrage of foreign crises -- Yeltsin, Bosnia, Somalia, Saddam Hussein, GATT, North American Free Trade Agreement, Israeli-Palestine peace talks, North Korean nuclear weapons -- clamoring for instant attention.
That means that the Muslim Bosnians must be armed to the level of the Serbs within Bosnia, or that the Serbs be disarmed down to the level of the Muslims.
On Tuesday, Mr. Iger said, "This is not anything we wanted to negotiate in public, not that there's a negotiation going on."
On 23 Qg3, 23 .
Rules go beyond standard national park "don'ts" -- Don't Litter, Don't Camp and Don't Smoke.
New York City's Schools Chancellor, Joseph Fernandez, did well to intervene in the case of a local Bronx school board that failed to punish a principal accused of obstructing the investigation of a rape case in her elementary school.
"It's been real noisy the last couple of nights," said True Hamilton, as she walked passed the basketball court on her way to the post office.
He yowls, leers and swaggers through his own songs and rediscovered obscurities like the testosterone boast of "Red Hot."
Chinese and Saudi officials boarded the Chinese ship Yin He today in preparation for a search to determine if it is carrying ingredients for chemical weapons, an officer on the ship said.
Lin Elliott got the ax.
But an official at the United Nations declared that the international agency had not been alerted before the arrests.
Try this instead: "Each kiss sensitized her to the next, each kiss was followed by a studious exploration of her face with his lips, first her ear lobes, from which he removed her earrings one by one before he took each dainty lobe and sucked it .
But the department reported April 1 supplies of 66.278 million pounds.
It will be the responsibility of the Federal bankruptcy judge, Burton Lifland, to oversee the orderly restructuring of Mr. Kalikow's debt, fairly balancing the debtor's future against the creditors' interests.
Orlando, the envy of the league, has invited Webber, Bradley and Mashburn for tours, and even handed Webber and Mashburn gym shorts for brief workouts.
That would needlessly affront Russian nationalists, already smoldering about Moscow's diminished stature.
He said he hasn't read the book, if that matters.
"Right now, it's a matter of mandating health care reform on small business," he said.
Three slighter works repeat often-told stories.
"We use Lego as an example for other foreign companies considering an investment in the United States," said Joseph Cohen, a spokesman for the state's Department of Economic Development.
* Hawaii Visitors Bureau, Honolulu, to the Honolulu and Los Angeles offices of Ogilvy & Mather Worldwide.
"From what we've pieced together," Chief Irving said, "the D.E.A.
"But there is no compulsion to tell people when we have not completed the analysis yet.
In the last series of contracts three years ago, G.M.
The announcement of the reward was delayed for about three months while the F.B.I.
He dredged up a rare move, 10 Nb5, which got him the advantage after 10 .
Hadasah Gevirtz, 15, who was standing on the third-floor balcony of the Wosikin building with her six brothers and sisters, said, "We saw smoke and almost immediately fire, and we ran downstairs and out into the street."
"I think we're just reacting to a very intense situation.
Kellogg, the cereal maker, fell 2 3/8, to 53 7/8, on relatively heavy volume of nearly a million shares.
407,000 Jobs at Peak in '86 Analysts noted that when I.B.M.
Transportation officials closed the two N tracks on the south side of the bridge in December 1990 after inspectors found corrosion, sheared bolts and gaps in the steel plates that support the tracks over the bridge's structural beams.
Finally, there are the photographs by Abraham Hardis, who has evidently spent his life exploring New York City.
In fact, I'm almost convinced it isn't.
"I'm pleased that the issue is resolved and is behind us and that we can get on to other matters," he said.
'Wonderful Surprise' Guest That is not the real format for Friday's finale, of course.
SUN CHEMICAL CORP., Fort Lee, N.J., a printing inks manufacturer, acquired Usher-Walker P.L.C.
But agency officials say that in large part because medical professionals have not been encouraged to report adverse reactions only 1 in 10 or perhaps even 1 in 100 of those caused by drugs became known.
"There's never going to be another U.S. market, with 90 million TV households," Mr. Rosenberg said.
But much to Mr. Gray's surprise, he sold more than $5 million worth of art, including works by Picasso, Paul Klee, Alberto Giacometti, Henry Moore and Anselm Kiefer.
Halloween Waffles Total time: 30 minutes 4 tablespoons unsalted butter 6 ounces acorn squash (about 1/2 small squash), peeled and seeded 3 medium McIntosh apples 1/3 cup pecans, coarsely chopped 1 1/4 cups all-purpose flour 1/2 cup yellow cornmeal 1 tablespoon double-acting baking powder 1/8 teaspoon salt 1/4teaspoon ground cinnamon 1/8 teaspoon ground cloves 1 1/4 cups apple cider 2 tablespoons pure maple syrup 2 large eggs Maple syrup, apple sauce or pumpkin butter for topping.
The revised budget still calls for a $52 million reduction in the $8.6 billion school aid package.
Despite the fear voiced by many players that goggles will impair their performance, there is absolutely no evidence for that.
In the second issue of the magazine, that of June 1936, Mr. Crooks started a practice that has lasted since.
A third smuggler's ship carrying Chinese migrants was finally towed into port here today after being kept offshore because of tensions among the 235 passengers.
"In the minds of some people, it raised old issues that were very tender," Dr. Lick said in an interview on Tuesday, after announcing his withdrawal over the weekend.
"That's probably not something I'd do."
The other half were considered typical.
By drastically reducing waste, he said, "we can avoid or at least delay rationing."
But the gray eminence of Skjoldenaesholm is in fact a woman, Anna Joachimine Ahlefelt, a widow who built the present manor house in 1766.
"No, there's not a loss of confidence," said Saints linebacker Sam Mills, who is only about 80 percent after arthroscopic surgery on his knee earlier this year.
Warfare was supplanted by the sport of archery, and violent deaths decreased, bachelor cults faded and women became more independent.
Rhoda's vegetarian-style "chopped liver," made with vegetables, is sold in eight-ounce containers for about $2.50 in a number of supermarkets, among them D'Agostino, Waldbaum's, Kings in New Jersey and King Kullen on Long Island.
The great heavyweights -- that is, the ones who have captured the imagination -- made their opponents quiver in the locker room before even stepping into the ring.
FRANCE IN YOUR OWN BACKYARD: YOUR PASSPORT TO THE FRENCH EXPERIENCE IN NEW YORK CITY AND ENVIRONS by Jennifer A. Shafer (Old Quill Press: 1992), $15.95.
Under pressure from Montana political leaders, Champion, Plum Creek and Stimson have agreed to pay $1.2 million to help the communities that will be hit hard by the land sale and subsequent layoffs.
Mr. Ferrer said that, for the Bronx, the wholesalers' move would mean "that a once nearly abandoned piece of land next to some of the city's soundest and most exciting and potentially profitable infrastructure will now be revived."
Instead, he used the youngest members of the Branch Davidians as human bargaining chips.
They obtained a Federal grant conditional on their obtaining control of the site.
Professor Hill declined to say whether she would leave Oklahoma if the regents rejected the endowment or refused to give it to her.
It fell into such disrepair that some people thought a post used to prop up a cantilevered roof was part of the original design.
The scenic Spreewald, a region of marshes and slow-running rivers, is only a few miles away.
The chief judge of the Court of Appeals is both the presiding judge of the state's highest court and the supervisor of the state's vast court system.
But most states have laws against helping someone to commit suicide.
Add mushrooms, apples and parsley, and continue cooking until apples soften and mushrooms release their liquid.
The Great Lakes Tissue Company -- which was formed by a former P.& G. executive, Clarence Roznowski, and a North Carolina paper company owner, Kent Hogan -- was lent $5 million by Fremont and received $3 million in federally guaranteed grants through Cheboygan.
"The rest of the pledges haven't come in yet," said Leah Johnson, a spokeswoman for the Dinkins campaign.
If the merger is approved, certain Wordstar and Softkey operations would move to Spinnaker's offices in Cambridge, Mass., the headquarters for the new entity, which is expected to tally annual sales of $130 million.
It was that job description, which Mr. Nussbaum gave to Bill Clinton in Little Rock, Ark., in January, days before the Presidential inauguration, that persuaded Mr. Clinton to appoint him as White House counsel.
Transamerica said it would be conducting further examination of Tip hook's financial condition, and that the final terms of the sale contract were yet to be negotiated.
'Appealing and Humble' "If he takes time out himself and gives a few minutes, that's -- that's quite all right, but for me to to call him, he'd be in some kind of conference with somebody, and that's not fair for me to break in and talk to the man."
And he's a superstar, too, although with none of the warm smiles and sly wit of Olajuwon.
The report did not resolve the question of whether Ms. Holtzman violated the ethics guidelines in the City Charter.
Marvin K. Runyon, the man who runs it, is the Postmaster General.
"They'll not get back the two years, but maybe God will give them two extra years."
"It has made it much more difficult for us to meet with key staff in the Senate and the Assembly in the spare time they have left," said Lee Wasserman, executive director of the Environmental Planning Lobby, who is anxiously tracking measures on clean air and lead paint.
More than half of each core is sent to the central archive maintained, on behalf of the National Science Foundation, by the United States Geological Survey in Denver.
Throughout 1947 and 1948, advocates of what came to be known as China Relief sprinkled letters with labels promoting aid.
That's one of his greatest assets."
Box to transfer 250,000 shares of stock with a market value of about $2.8 million to the company.
He has survived at least two attempts on his life, and his supporters here, including members of the Congressional Black Caucus, have urged him to delay his return.
But in one small city after another, abortion providers said today that they saw the fatal shooting of their colleague, Dr. David Gunn, on Wednesday as the inevitable result of a moral battle that long ago turned physical.
Backfield in Motion Thomas, who finished with 22 yards on five carries, had one carry for 5 yards in the first half and dropped a swing pass that was thrown to him.
But no such negative voices are likely to rise Saturday when Mayor Tom Bradley and other leaders gather to dedicate the Red Line on the mezzanine of the Pershing Square station amid the dazzling neon art of Stephen Antonakos.
Edison Terrace is Miami Virtue.
Karen Elizabeth Steinberg, a lawyer, was married last evening to Alan Sloan Kennedy, a record promotions coordinator.
"When I came on this tour, back around 1972, I remember being amazed at how easy Johnny Miller was making the game look," said Kite, also the defending United States Open champion.
Despite the positive Wells Fargo earnings report, he said, "California hasn't bottomed out, but we can see the bottom now."
He went to Miami with his program, the Shooting Stars, and he has no problem reporting its success.
Art is an essential fundamental part of the quality of life and a vital part of every human being's education.
"I still think they haven't addressed the major problem," Mr. Jeremy said, referring to NEC's proprietary system.
It's equally hard to imagine people wanting to flaunt their lack of prejudice by giving up such words and phrases as "bull market," "kaiser roll," "Lazy Susan," and "charley horse."
One large round table stands near the entrance, and a scattering of smaller tables allow more privacy.
The centuries-old tale of superstitious ritual was unveiled by scientists this week in time for Halloween.
One misguided example was the judge in Kansas City who sent a few Royals to jail a decade ago because they had let the kiddies down by indulging in dope.
In the final analysis, Ms. Plummer said, an end to such discrimination requires an increase in compassion from employers and from society as a whole.
In a Christmas pageant, when there aren't enough girls for the roles, the boys wear dresses.
Cut mozzarella into small cubes and add to bowl.
Mr. Samuelson said Paragon's situation underscores the difficulties of a medium-sized publisher trying to compete in an industry increasingly made up of huge conglomerates.
Again and again in the tuberculosis story, the correlation between results in test tubes and animals, and between animals and humans, is contradictory rather than conclusive.
He said that the patients had developed no toxic reactions to the therapy but that it was too early to determine if there had been improvement in the cancers.
(After a three-dog night , one so cold it required three dogs to keep you warm, a dog's breakfast could be quite a mess.)
Convoys Blocked In the weeks before President Clinton ordered the airdrops, Serbian forces delayed, rerouted and in some cases blocked altogether several convoys attempting to reach Gorazde and several other besieged Muslim towns, including Cerska, Srebrenica, Konjevic, Polje and Zepa.
Popular restaurants include Funiculi Funicula, for Italian cuisine, and Viva Zapata for Mexican food.
Mr. Booth had pleaded guilty in October to three counts of transporting a minor across state lines for illegal sexual purposes, and one count of permitting a minor to engage in sexual conduct for the creation of child pornography.
But if Ida Tarbell set out to rake muck at Standard Oil today, she would start with a zillion-dollar advance, the doting attention of the Rockefeller minions, then carriage rides around Pocantico Hills with the great man himself.
Mr. Weinstein's goal this morning, he said, is to hold a news conference and to head for his tuxedo factory.
Sampras staved off 2 match points in a second-set tie breaker against Marc Rosset before beating the Olympic champion, 2-6, 7-6 (9-7), 6-2.
The Diamondback wrote only one article about that, whereas with the alleged hazing they've had many different articles."
Mario M. Cuomo, faced with budget pressures, has not agreed to the proposal.
Volume 3: A Century of Advance.
The 51-year-old Weiss compiled a 124-122 record in his three seasons with the Hawks.
"The farmer, who was in his 80's and had literally grown up watching the bats, choked up when I told him how valuable they were," Dr. Tuttle said.
THESE days, choosing where to have holiday photographs developed can be as tough as deciding where to go on vacation.
African and Western diplomats say President Mobutu has used his position to make himself one of the world's richest men.
Mr. Burkhardt said both would remain as employees to offer advice to Mr. Koch but were no longer officers of the company.
The hearing is scheduled for 9:30 A.M. on Monday.
"But if they're playing for the long term," he said, "that could be very profitable."
We have seen Barkley spit at the crowd, leap over tables to go after officials, and elbow unwary Angolan Olympians because, as he put it, he couldn't be sure the bloke was not carrying a spear.
Women's retirement patterns are less clear, because large numbers of women have only recently been in the work force.
Last year our reviewer, Miranda Seymour, praised Annie Ernaux's "bleak honesty" and "refusal to let herself off the hook of guilt."
Now in his fifth full season at the age of 26, Hogue has retained some of his free spirit while ripening into a team leader.
And within an hour, at the request of the Fire Department, which was trying to protect rescue workers and firefighters in dangerous areas, all power to the trade center was shut off by Con Edison, as well as natural gas and steam to the complex, which houses thousands of offices in six buildings bounded by Church, West, Liberty and Vesey Streets.
We sat and talked for quite a while.
After all, the network owns the best years of Mr. Letterman's professional life: 1,809 hours worth.
The Party of Islam and its Iran-backed ally began a heavy bombardment of Kabul early Wednesday, as troops loyal to the coalition Government prepared an offensive to halt several days of smaller battles.
At the New York Mercantile Exchange, crude oil for November delivery fell 23 cents, to $18.27 a barrel.
Customers took whatever the state gave them.
But she added that the proposal is not yet final.
The three former test pilots will assess the computer once they have gone through the real thing in a landing scheduled for Nov. 1 at Edwards Air Force Base in California.
Most of his time now is spent maintaining planes that threaten to break down because they so rarely take off.
The date was 30 years ago last Feb. 17.
"The sum total of giving is going to increase a lot," he said, "because people know the vouchers will be used to meet a need."
The Wolverines converted 8 of its final 13 free throws in the final minutes to hold on.
While he has tried to take credit for the 12 percent decline in reported crime since he took office, his political rivals continue to scoff at the statistics and to insist that his administration has failed to stanch lawlessness.
The story isn't what you see, but what's going on that you don't see."
If Chavez starts to throw that left hook, Whitaker will rip his head off with his right hook."
Congress passed the Voting Rights Act in 1965 and significantly amended it in 1982 to respond to a Supreme Court decision that interpreted the law's central provision as barring only intentional discrimination against minority voting rights.
Mix berries well with sugar.
Respected academics telephoned each other -- and their journalist friends -- to snipe at her, whispering that she was an ill-advised choice because she was not a free-trader, was outside the economics mainstream and was not one of the brightest stars in her field.
But Mr. Coughlin stood by the program.
But the report said that the perquisites, although only a small part of the company's costs, reflected an unwillingness to contain costs.
But because she could not get a ride on Tuesday to a station on her own rail line, she was forced to take a train from Bay Shore to Queens, and then switch in Jamaica to a train back to Westbury.
Beginner's Luck A Script Is Sold In October 1991, Mr. Penn and Mr. Leff tried to pressure agents into reading "The Last Action Hero" (then titled "Extremely Violent").
"McDowell jumped up and I just took the necessary action," Martinez said.
In the dining hall, a vast library literally hangs above the tables.
An Assistant United States Attorney, Michael J. Garcia, countered that Mr. Ajaj was carrying 12 manuals with instructions for making explosive devices when he and Mr. Yousef, an Iraqi, arrived at Kennedy.
He put the Canadians ahead at 1 minute 20 seconds of the first period.
The Government veterinarians worried that farmers would administer more antibiotics to cows to fight the infections and raise the potential that unsafe levels of antibiotic residues would enter the food chain through dairy products.
Road closings and tire-chain restrictions have been common in Siskiyou and Shasta counties and in the High Sierra ski country.
The family Henry was staying with also had a treehouse and a dog, and there were long walks in the woods during the day and nights of playing hide-and-seek.
The best time may not be during admission to a nursing home, when an elderly person may be disoriented and upset, she said.
The prospect that the Khmer Rouge will be included in a new Cambodian Government is disturbing to foreign leaders and to many of the millions of Cambodians who lost relatives during the Khmer Rouge's rule in the 1970's.
A show of the artist's work at Marlborough lacks such persuasive focus, perhaps because it encompasses nearly two decades of work.
Barkley's numbers were most valuable player-like: 28 points on 13-for-21 shooting and 11 rebounds.
There was no netside clutter or tricky rebounding on the goal that put the Islanders ahead by 3-0.
Some residents today offered reminders that the threat of further riots had not entirely disappeared, noting that another racially charged trial was set for late July.
Analysts at Bear, Stearns; S. G. Warburg; Salomon and Sanford C. Bernstein upgraded their investment ratings.
single later in the inning, and Jeff Montgomery finished for his 33d save.
In the living room, one white stucco wall was covered with framed pictures of the family, including Luis, who many said liked playing basketball and video games, avoided trouble and was to enter fourth grade next month at Public School 90.
And so to this day few people know him as the most progressive President since Franklin Roosevelt on domestic affairs or as the most heroic champion of civil liberties for all since Abraham Lincoln, while everybody knows him as the maker of a historic disaster in Vietnam.
The Lions' offensive line, rebuilt this year with three unrestricted free agents, was outmanned.
Instead of tying the Series, 2-2, they are trailing the defending champions, 3-1, with Juan Guzman ready to pitch the clincher for the Jays Thursday night at Veterans Stadium.
Another new effort, the Longwood Diversity Institute, has been formed to train students as leaders in reducing bias.
Participants in the game said no business was ever discussed there.
More important, Mr. Rosenthal does not mention the one-way nature of United States-Iran trade.
It would be seen as a way to assuage guilt about days spent working.
"The more the Federal Government learns about organics," Mr. Koppelman added, "the tougher the standards become.
Cameras made during the last decade are almost all battery dependent.
Because he did not pitch nine innings, it is not considered a no-hit game under current baseball scoring rules.
"There are huge possibilities there," he said.
Ms. Nesler is experiencing "a mixture of exhaustion and satisfaction," Mr. Serra said.
Would have regulated long-term leasing of cars to consumers by limiting excessive charges for wear and tear.
"They make a nice housedog," said Rafferty.
"Women have really evolved about clothes," he says.
MATISSE AND QUILTS A novel approach to quilting will be used at a workshop at the Rye Arts Center at 51 Milton Road on Saturday from 9 A.M. to 3 P.M. Virginia Avery, an expert in the field, has adapted the coloring and linear designs of Henri Matisse to create abstract patterns for quilts, pillows and clothing.
"I have a good life here," he said.
Companies Hewlett-Packard surprised Wall Street by reporting profits, revenues and orders all in excess of analysts' estimates.
Later, East gained the lead with the heart ace and West scored three diamond tricks to beat the contract.
b-Geriatric & Medical said net income in the 1991 second quarter included non-operating income before tax provisions of $ 3,080,000 related to the previous sales of facilities.
He will head the White House's campaign-style "rapid response" effort to react to attacks from Republicans.
The clinic is attached to the Just Kids Early Childhood Learning Center, a for-profit preschool serving 400 children.
The Serbian section of Sarajevo is only about one-tenth of the city in area.
The Legislature is again failing to restructure New York City's wayward Board of Education by putting it under mayoral control, and is bowing to union pressure by not reforming the Wicks law, which costs local governments millions by preventing them from awarding construction contracts to a single low-bid contractor.
But despite his considerable skills, and his band's rangy drive, Mr. Chesnutt projects little individuality; he seems determined to cast himself as a simple, stereotyped, lovesick good old boy.
Some political consultants, who like many others declined to speak for attribution about Mr. Rollins's problems, surmised that Mr. Rollins, a working-class man in a party full of blue bloods, found it easier to build up his public standing by cultivating inside information to reporters than by more slowly and painstakingly cultivating his position within the plush-carpet Republican society.
No violence, no sex, no silliness.
"This is not surprising, because we haven't been teaching these skills."
Then the convoy tried to reach Srebrenica on Saturday but was turned back again and returned to Belgrade, before setting out on today's journey.
Still, Krasny was floundering as military orders, once about 40 percent of production, dried up.
She had been aching to dispel the cruder images, like The Wall Street Journal Op-Ed page headline calling her a "quota queen."
685 pp: New York: W. W. Norton & Company.
This added to the "it just happened" look, as if a woman had reached into her closet and pulled out what was handy.
But if the news reports were extraordinarily detailed about the complex events in the streets, it is now clear that they were so deficient as to be misleading about what was, in effect, a second major news story being played out behind closed doors.
"Most of the stores prospered during the festival," Ms. Van said.
b-Included a charge of $ 422,971 for settlement of litigation with the U.S. Department of Justice.c-Net income
The main question confronting you is whether to have lunch first and then stroll up to the spring, or to do it the other way around.
92-854, is a lawsuit growing out of a default on bonds issued by a public building authority in Colorado.
What happens in Vancouver is not the culmination of a process, but the process itself.
"I sent one check earlier this year -- never as much as I'd like," wrote a Manhattan woman who asked that her name not be used.
No one worries if you have Chuck holding you up."
The firm, Armacon Securities, was federally licensed to buy new bond issues and to resell them to the public, but it lacked almost all of the normal essentials of an underwriter.
The coffee sells for $2.99 a pound, but through Feb. 28 anyone buying two pounds will receive a third pound free.
They looked out the windows of their offices on West 46th Street and saw that the Bertelsmann Building, on Broadway between 45th and 46th Streets, was on fire.
One resolution at today's meeting asked the company to report to stockholders on its pricing policy.
He said that when superlien legislation was attempted as a separate issue it ran into roadblocks, normally because of lender objections.
Thermo Fibertek's main business is manufacturing equipment to pulp, de-ink and recycle paper recovered from garbage cans.
"We have to be the pumice that wears down the callus.
I found that the Versace clothes were so surprising and beautifully made.
4 CAMPBELL TAKES OFFICE IN CANADA Kim Campbell was sworn in as the first woman to head the Government of Canada and, in her first official step as the country's 19th Prime Minister, announced its smallest Cabinet in 20 years.
"Blood Brothers" has been his most surprising success to date.
For instance, given that he was "frightened to death" by being on the floor, what was the rush back to the lineup for meaningless games?
Last week he opened up shop on a table opposite the White House.
But more broadly, he said: "Responsibility in our health care system isn't about them.
In the United States, deregulation of the telephone industry has made the phone parlors possible.
"I know nothing about Kasai or the people there.
It still has a leading brand name and a reputation for high quality.
"It's something that's not supposed to be done."
Given the size, the volume both reads and feels like part-diary, part-recipe book.
Thursday through Saturday, the basement is used for a comedy club.
But on songs dominated by Stephan Gabory's keyboards and a dance groove, she wove her vocals artfully into the mix.
As part of the move, the company will take a one-time net charge of $ 13.8 million to accrue the costs for post-retirement benefits other than pensions.
It should be widely available at retail outlets; (602) 893-3377 is the number for more information.
Assessment rolls also rose smartly in the 80's because of new construction.
"Everybody has been nice to me, especially Ronnie, who has helped me out a lot.
Some regulators agree with Ameritech's arguments.
"Be sure to vote and vote your conscience," he told the audience.
A precursor of the pilot program was a collaboration between Xerox and Kaiser, one of the company's main H.M.O.'s.
"Daydreaming is a skill you need to learn," he said.
The hospital plans to start construction in April and complete the 12-story, $908 million building in 1998.
Sonnenfeld puts his cowboy boots up on the coffee table and looks quizzically at me.
"It was dirty but it had atmosphere.
Gay parents -- living in fear.
I've seen a lot of eyes filled with tears."
The game was called after six innings because of rain, but by then the Mets had rocked Astros starter Doug Drabek for 11 hits and 10 runs (7 earned) in 5 innings.
A further reorganization last year brought in Henrik Andenaes as managing director, although Roenningen remains in charge of running the Games.
The stage is accordingly set for a new phase in the saga of 40 Wall Street, one of the properties bought in the early 80's by Joseph J. and Ralph E. Bernstein, found later to be acting on behalf of Ferdinand E. Marcos, the late President of the Philippines, and later placed in limbo when the Marcos assets were frozen in the United States.
The transition report said the department would need to increase subsidies by $2 billion to make the apartments attractive to new investors, and it warned that poor management was "dramatically increasing holding costs."
The university didn't dispute the impropriety of the loans and didn't contest 15 other allegations.
Both are also avid birdwatchers, a pastime Mr. Furuno refers to as "meditation in nature."
Details that are usually obscured -- fleeting brass effects, inner wind lines -- were spotlighted without being given an unnatural prominence.
The single egg is laid in May, and the incubation period begins.
Assets of the 409 taxable money market funds in the retail category rose $146.1 million, to $304.61 billion, for the week that ended Wednesday, the Washington-based mutual fund trade group said.
The police said that Gator Collet went after Jason with a bat and that while the teacher was wrestling Gator to the ground Karter Reed whipped out a knife and stabbed Jason.
China's Explosive Growth And although China has not grappled with several fundamental economic problems either, particularly the structural overhaul of its fiscal system and the privatization of its inefficient and bankrupt state-run industries, the country's explosive growth has been fueled by a combustible mixture of private enterprise and foreign investment.
Mr. Yeltsin's chief tactician, Sergei M. Shakhrai, Deputy Chairman of the Council of Ministers, told reporters that the Congress would probably start by sorting out the vague constitutional articles dealing with ouster and succession and that Mr. Khasbulatov would next try to head off an actual vote on ouster.
(The Metropolitan and the National Gallery have sent 72 paintings from their permanent collections to be exhibited in Athens during the run of "The Greek Miracle.")
"I'm always amazed," she says, "that people who have different life styles live together or are married.
The Phillies also scored two runs on a double error by right fielder Mark Whiten and another on reliever Todd Burns's balk.
"I doubt scouts are going to let happen what happened with Rene."
They've been vetted , an' we're putting 'em through their paces."
CBS and Granada Television, London, for "Age Seven in America," "a powerful and compelling attempt to replicate in America a landmark series of programs that originated in England."
Hours: Tuesdays through Saturdays, 10 A.M. to 6 P.M. Information: (212) 966-6211.
"We've done about 400 variations," Mr. Lind said.
But by 1942, Hammerstein was down on his luck.
Intel has already introduced its much publicized next-generation chip, the Pentium, while Microsoft plans to introduce a software system next week called Windows NT that is intended for computers that run on networks.
So we have emptied out the child and filled that enticing blankness with erotically charged fantasies of dominance and submission, meanwhile denying that we've done any such thing.
Mead acts as a data wholesaler, providing a variety of computer data feeds to the retail information industry.
But it seemed to be self-imposed.
A Revised Perception But they also concede that they have begun to talk about Bosnia differently, to cast the problem there less as a moral tragedy -- which would make American inaction immoral -- and more as a tribal feud that no outsider could hope to settle.
In effect, real estate is being privatized on a huge scale, and it has become one of China's hottest, craziest new businesses.
The statement today by Mr. Yeltsin's spokesman seemed part of the effort to discredit the speaker, calling on parliament to "make corresponding conclusions in the unsound situation that has formed around the speaker."
The distance between SoHo and Staten Island is a short hike and a 50-cent ferry ride, but for Daniel Singletary, a New York artist who has lived on Staten Island for more than 20 years, the mental gap is meaner than the flooded Mississippi.
Full mergers are almost sure to follow.
"I've been stepped on and pushed around.
Benjamin L. Zwirn, the Democratic Supervisor of North Hempstead who has built a political reputation on his ability to appeal to Republican voters, today resoundingly won the Democratic nomination for Nassau County Executive.
He had lost his job for publishing a book in the West, and he thought it would do him and his family more good than harm if the Stasi realized his plight was known beyond the wall.
"I would love to see improvement in the pension," Mr. Dotson said.
"It was kind of a throwaway day," said Larry M. Wachtel, an analyst at Prudential Securities.
It looks at the multi-perspectival city from a single-point perspective.
Mr. Gulotta today attributed his small margin of victory to four factors: the anti-incumbency sentiment that swept the region; the coverage of the local newspaper, Newsday, which he described as biased; the unprecedented national and economic problems that severely hurt Long Island, and Mr. Zwirn's strong base as a local elected official.
The inmate, Leonel Herrera, was convicted of killing a South Texas police officer in 1981.
Dreyfus's stock was up $1.75, at $42.625, on the New York Stock Exchange after hitting a new high for the year of $45.75.
"We talked about realistic things.
NEW YORK GIANTS -- Signed Hassan Bailey, Walter Bailey and Norris Thomas, defensive backs; Shazzon Bradley and Jerold Jeffcoat, defensive linemen; Eric Weir, wide receiver; Marcus Pope, tight end; and Tico Duckett, running back.
On Tuesday, Elmwood Park High School's athletic director received mail from the New Jersey State Interscholastic Athletic Association officially inviting his school's 6-2 football team to the Section 1, Group 2 playoffs that begin on Saturday.
A STRUGGLE FOR REPRESENTATION For the school district that includes Williamsburg, with its history of tensions between Hispanic and Hasidic residents, the election on Tuesday symbolizes the clash between the interests of Jews and Catholics concerned about the board's control over government funds allocated to parochial schools, and the growing political hopes of the Hispanic community.
What the file does reveal is that Lieutenant Richter asked Ms. Wolf about the personal life of an editor, Heinz Sachs, and that Mr. Sachs was also asked about her.
"To begin the new politics, we should reflect deeply on the path that led Japan to war a half century ago and explore the causes of these mistakes," he said.
As in the past, all the roles -- the Three Kings, the Shepherds and the Guardian Angels -- will be played in full costume by such celebrated jazz artists as Dave Brubeck, Jon Faddis, Lionel Hampton, Billy Taylor, Tito Puente and Al Grey and the tap dancer Jimmy Slyde.
DONNA LEE Jamaica, N.Y., June 28
1 player in the country," Louisville's Greg Minor said.
Joan Plowright appears as Mr. Wilson's loving wife.
"But I suppose there are a lot of people around who would find a flight simulator fascinating," Mr. Ash added.
He created an angry, dyspeptic older brother as a composite of "everybody who ever discouraged me," Mr. Ruettiger said, and depicted the father as more negative than he was.
It would be a sin to let them go without their toys for Christmas.
For the Israeli delegation, they made available a green salad with vinaigrette dressing, grilled breast of capon with pasta primavera and an ambrosia Sacher cake, rolls, margarine, coffee and tea, prepared in Baltimore and sealed in disposable plastic containers to assure that they remained kosher.
40 Winners and Losers from the Blizzard of '93.
To the unsuspecting eye, it might look like Halloween.
The Knicks had a chance to clinch their division, but one of his favorite shows, "Seinfeld," was on at 9:30.
It's the team, not where we play."
It also allots large sums to programs that would create few jobs, including $1.9 billion to make up a shortfall in a college-student loan program and about $700 million to buy computers and telephone switches for Federal agencies.
That moment was transforming, giving Ms. Woodard a feeling of her singularity and her power to move an audience.
Cinders shot across the Pacific Coast Highway in this exclusive beach town, and black smoke roiled across the surf as a fast-moving brush fire consumed more than 150 homes, along with their broad patios, swimming pools and tennis courts.
In the Hartford area, superintendents have been meeting for several years to develop programs that bring city and suburban children together.
Not if Abbott (9-10) and Perez (6-11) do not win pivotal games over the final six and a half weeks.
A prickly personality, Heym has the air of someone who's seen it all.
But the thought of the teen-agers waiting upstream stopped him.
When she was dismissed she was two or three pounds above the range her doctor had recommended, she said.
St. Laurent was down here the other day.
In what the report describes as the two most likely scenarios for Cuba's immediate future, the island's leadership, unwilling to undertake bolder political and economic reforms for fear they would threaten their hold on power, will attempt to muddle through the present crisis, tinkering around the edges of a collapsing system.
There, while being interviewed for admission, she told the doctors about the ozone treatments she had received at the Atkins Center.
Years ago I designed an abacus for my preschool daughter, which displays numerals corresponding to the position of the abacus beads.
"At this point I wouldn't rule it out," said Officer Joseph Lizotte.
But interest quickly faded, and the Supreme Court's hearings in the Demjanjuk appeal were sparsely attended.
In protest, about 120 Hispanic students and their supporters occupied the Day Hall administration building on Friday, and about three-quarters of them stayed overnight, said an organizer, Ricardo Ramon.
The Buzz Seattle has become respected as a solidly programmed festival and an important testing ground for independent films.
Mr. Guo, 27, has led the Fuk Ching since 1989, F.B.I.
But the department stopped short of warning that the method, which entails removing pillars of coal that had been serving as roof supports, was a factor in the accidents.
Whether that court will become involved in the question of identity is only one of many uncertainties of this extraordinary case.
But I'm not entirely convinced that Western Europe will ever let us."
Michelle Pfeiffer and Mel Gibson have been with Ed Limato at I.C.M.
"I'm just trying to get away from the city of New York and relax," Jordan said, "instead of sitting there listening to the media hype up about the first game -- our mistakes, Scottie Pippen didn't play well, Michael Jordan didn't play well.
The Swedish study focused on children who entered day care at from 6 to 12 months of age.
It came at a time of growing international concern as traffickers in Mexico move to exploit the flood of cross-border commerce expected once the North American Free Trade Agreement is ratified.
Rooms without bath start at about $70, and some are big enough for four.
The United States Council for Automotive Research, which was started by General Motors, Ford and Chrysler last year, said the patent represented the first time the auto makers together had produced an original technology.
Insight shaped by events in his own life.
Canada has not opened its doors to all women from countries where women are held in subordinate positions.
Now you can deduct interest only up to net investment income, including net capital gains.
As reported in Bird Watcher's Digest (January-Febuary 1993, page 118), a study conducted by the Cornell Laboratory of Ornithology "strongly suggests that there is no relationship between bird feeding and declining populations due to increased pressure from nest competitors."
He volunteered his services and became British Mensa's international representative and the first American Mensa selection officer, working with volunteers and a part-time clerk.
Walter Hilse will accompany the ensemble on piano and organ.
I don't know how they do it.
Businesses Hesitate Mr. Palmer said that his Checkpoint Charlie project was continuing on schedule, but he said some major investors might cancel important projects, among them Sony, which plans to build its European headquarters in Potsdamer Platz.
For example, Mr. Nixon's floats up, bit by bit, though his disgrace is indelible.
"What Metro-North Police did, in terms of shoe leather, was get out in the community and talk to everybody," said Dan Brucker, a spokesman for the commuter railroad.
The findings are one more piece of evidence that margarine and other solid or semisolid vegetable oils are not the best alternative to butter, lard, beef tallow and tropical oils.
"We are going to make a big fuss, because the reason we live here is for the security," said one shaken resident of 9 Fordham Hill Oval, the building where the shooting took place.
Citing high blood pressure, Mr. Nin stepped aside, and in 1988 an acting executive director came in for $1 a year: Mr. Velez.
Real-estate lobbyists contended that such a program, which would have included licensing and certification of workers, would have driven up costs, unnecessarily burdening smaller owners.
Harry W. Laubscher, senior vice president and market analyst at Tucker Anthony Inc., sounded a cautionary note on the market advance.
But the response to the pilot episode among advertisers was, one CBS executive put it, "extremely cool."
About 350 rescue workers began to clean up the alleys of Cologne's old town, which were flooded when the Rhine poured over protective steel walls Wednesday.
A Red Sox loss would have produced New York's first home sweep of Boston since 1985.
Both crises were solved with help from the hotel kitchens and quick transportation.
The suite fondly and ingeniously twists the original, turning "Waltz of the Flowers" into a swaggering swing-time, letting sugar-plum fairies dance the hootchie-koo, inventing all sorts of countermelodies and reharmonizations, doing for the music what "The Hard Nut," by Mark Morris, does for the standard ballet.
That capability virtually guarantees that a super-efficient car will have an electric motor.
The couple had hoped to buy a house, but could not.
Defense lawyers in the case say that at the May 21 meeting, Mr. Salem tried to convince Mr. Nosair to escape from Attica and talked to him about making bombs.
"Every time I sit down, she's on my lap," Mrs. Gerdes said of Tonya.
Algoma recently reported operating earnings of $3.2 million (Canadian) for the second quarter that ended June 30, up from a loss of $11.1 million for the first quarter.
Think about the talk at your kitchen table, when you discuss the challenges facing your own families.
"Long way for final," said Pioline.
Circus Circus Enterprises Inc. slipped $3.125 to close at $56.50 on the New York Stock Exchange; Caesars World Inc. lost $1 to close at $47 on the Big Board, and Players International fell 87.5 cents in Nasdaq trading, to $18.625.
Norman left a strong impression, particularly on Azinger, who played the final 36 holes with the 38-year-old winner.
They sold the house in Vero Beach after having lived in it a year and now their 6,400-square-foot French-country-style house here is on the market for $950,000.
Following a rain, waterfalls gush down the valley walls.
He described the demand for workers as "weak."
He could be a powerful influence against violence.
Some aspirants hardly make it past the front door.
Reporters at rival stations here like to joke that "if it bleeds, it leads" on WSVN, whose eight hours of news programming is designed to shock and to entertain.
Her party, the National League for Democracy, won elections in 1990 but was prevented from assuming power.
Camp DeBaun has been doing business with the Simon company since the camp opened in 1949.
Nowadays anyone who competes in top international play has to keep up with the news.
If you're going to be sitting for 12 hours, it would be nice to do so in Ms. Hirsch's silk terrycloth suits, silk loose-weave sweaters, silk pajama-striped drawstring trousers and wrinkled linen jackets.
Changing demographics and technology are also working in television's favor.
The dozen paintings, a promised gift from the 87-year-old artist to the museum, are all of a piece: smooth of surface, spare but often vivid of color, and eccentrically geometric.
will trim an additional 35,000 people and get rid of factories and equipment.
Although the Indians would buy the land from its private owners, the annexation would make the land exempt from local taxes and zoning control.
C1 What happens when a black hole disappears?
1 rating is a fluke.
But those who held on have been rewarded.
The daily Platt's Oilgram News put OPEC's September production at nearly 24.9 million barrels a day.
A Nervous Search for Loans With inflation now running at more than 200 percent and the value of currency plummeting, the Government faces the worst possible situation: an economic crisis caused by four years of inaction and an increasingly restive population.
"Like building on an aircraft carrier," Mr. Dattner said.
"We bought 400 linen hand towels just for today," the executive director of the historical society, Dr. Karen Hensel, said.
tournament site in Rosemont, Ill., tonight and was unavailable for comment.
1 man at Paces in Hauppauge, Mr. Poulin, 35, was hired by Orlando's.
The organization came to include Al Fatah and other guerrilla groups, a small Palestine National Army, a parliamentary body called the Palestine National Council and a variety of nonmilitary organs.
All of Dolly Parton's contradictions showed up in the opening to her concert on Friday night at Carnegie Hall.
By comparison, the earth is 5 to 9 degrees warmer now than in the depths of the last ice age.
has been left holding nearly 80 S.& L.'s and operating them at a loss, which has cost taxpayers an estimated $3 million a day, or more than $1 billion a year.
Socks in Big Shoes "I told Malik to remember the gifts Mr. Daly had given him, to walk with those gifts, to carry them in his hands," Ms. Jones said.
THERE is a new concept in sports marketing: the owner as superstar.
Paper to Be Basis for Talks Despite the negative response from both sides, a senior Administration official said the paper will be the basis for talks when a senior American delegation heads to the Middle East next week.
The daily newspaper Le Figaro said the Government planned to plow 5 billion francs, or $885 million, into Groupe Bull in 1994 and 1995, while the business daily La Tribune Desfosses said the Prime Minister's office was looking at an injection of 9 billion francs, or $1.59 billion.
More difficult to obtain is the needed plutonium or highly enriched uranium, but even this seems to be leaking.
Perhaps Mr. Clinton's shifting ways are the result of an attempt to endlessly square a circle of conflicting ideological advice, or a more personal concern -- the desire of Mr. Clinton to be loved by all sides.
In the last year, Federal-Mogul, which has 32 plants and more than 70 distribution centers offering about 75,000 types of parts worldwide, has completed two purchases to round out the line of engine parts it can offer for repairs.
Second District (East Village, Gramercy Park, parts of the Lower East Side, Greenwich Village and Murray Hill): Antonio Pagan.
The Board of Education meets today to consider its choice between Dr. Tirozzi and the other candidate considered a top contender, Ramon C. Cortines, a former Superintendent of Schools in San Francisco who is Mexican-American.
Eastwood's Secret Service agent is over the hill physically and emotionally, but considerably more interesting to the young woman agent than are the younger men in her life.
is on its way out of bankruptcy protection, a spokesman said the company expected to offer an affinity card soon with another bank.
'Working With Jell-O' Mr. Pohlmann said that dividing Westchester's population of roughly 875,000 by 17 districts means that each district would have a population of about 51,400 residents.
A 60-year-old woman named Dusanka, a few places along in the bread line, said she, like many others, could no longer get along on her pension, the equivalent of about 58 cents a month.
Mr. Cuomo, always fond of attention, is asking to be heard.
It's good that the state has been given a chance to stop and think about this, and if we free him, at least it will be after further consideration."
Dries van Noten, who is showing out of his new studio space here, is one of the many designers one must see by appointment, but he is worth the effort.
"That has not happened yet, but if there are signs of an increase in oil purchases, I am sure that question will be promptly addressed."
56 is named Jeff Lageman.
In a statement that confirmed a report this week in the trade publication Adweek, the agency said that Mr. Kennedy, 54, whose talents as an art director infused campaigns for clients like Nike Inc. with a quirky edginess, would not be directly replaced.
When Republicans have been able to persuade the public that taxes were being wasted, they have generally been elected.
A year ago they made me wait 120 days for $20,000.
What genre of film has been most likely to win an Oscar?
's experience in supporting heavy-duty applications and vast corporate information systems.
This amount has not been tallied because the city is seeking to appeal the fine to the Court of Appeals, the state's highest court.
Against this team with the athletes they have, the way they run -- they can run around people -- Rodney's feet might come in handy this weekend."
One of these shared experiences is the brevity of their retirements.
"They would like to bring in the contract so we can sign it."
"I was really mad at myself for the way I was playing," said Sampras.
Last-Minute Debate on Plan Experts interviewed said it would be the first time any species had been deliberately wiped out.
The truce was to expire on Jan. 3, a day after the end of the Serbian Orthodox celebration of Christmas.
Also arrested was Leka Vuksanaj, also 25, of 222 Lyncroft Road in New Rochelle.
It all ends up as a meal-in-a-dish.
"It was the kids who cranked up the sport," said Jeff Mays of Glen Rock, the president of the new league.
They and their companions make their way to a large house inhabited by one Professor Kreutznaer and his assistant, Licht, who are engaged in studying the work of a famous painter named Vaublin.
"We think there is a distinction to be drawn between the powers that a supranational commission itself would have and the enforceability of commitments that the three Governments would undertake," the chief American negotiator, Rufus Yerxa, said today.
The city is also bankrupt, with $1.5 billion in unpayable debts.
Along with Paramount, the bidders are said to include K-III Communications Pearson and Harcourt General.
Phillips, Sparky Anderson's favorite player, not only founded the club, but he also remains its most successful member, a player who moves around the field at the whim or need of his manager and provides a more than adequate performance.
And a national humane society has called for a national consumer boycott of pet store puppies that come from Pennsylvania's commercial kennels, many Amish-owned.
In theory, experts agree, the idea makes sense in its simplicity.
An uptick in mortgage rates since mid-October seems to have led some fence-sitting buyers to conclude that nothing further was to be gained from holding off and that the time to act had arrived.
A game bird is a talisman that signifies the collision of skill and fate.
16 Metro 35-46 INDIAN CASINOS BOOMING With "wampum" credit cards and waitresses in skimpy maiden tunics, casino gambling on Indian reservations has become a multibillion-dollar industry that is fueling a renaissance of American Indian tribal fortunes and culture.
Meanwhile, Treasury Secretary Lloyd Bentsen and the budget director, Leon E. Panetta, went before the Congressional budget committees, the first step in what will probably be a tortuous journey as Congress deals with the proposals.
But few models have had strong sales without rebates or price reductions, so a price increase would likely choke sales.
"We have a formal commitment from Prime Minister Edouard Balladur not to yield on this issue," said Mr. Toscan de Plantier, the French movie-industry official.
Robert Reich can leave you with the same dazzling but bleak impression: a picture of an America fast-forwarded into a hyperbolic world of symbolic abstractions, a nation of people sitting inside sealed office buildings, gazing raptly at computer screens, heedless of the world outside.
The chain said that while its previous cooking procedures met Federal regulations, it was switching to the state standard of 155 degrees.
They were accompanied in their search for the 28-year-old man, Mir Aimal Kansi, by at least five Americans, whom local officials described as F.B.I.
"This way at least people will really be focusing on the issue next year."
Mr. Miyazawa attempted to remain in office in apparent hopes of influencing the selection of his successor.
If he's willing to take the perks of celebrity, he's got to take the bumps."
Mr. Wachtler served as judge of New York State's highest court for seven years and had at one time considered running for governor.
NBC and Rainbow Programming, an affiliate of Cablevision, would each own 25 percent.
But that issue is still under investigation and was not addressed in today's report.
By the time those specifications have been drawn up and met, superior chips may be on the market.
Keep the mind going even when the body parts are breaking down.
But even as Mr. Boyle is resisting casting these characters as heroes, he seems to have mellowed in his depiction of the world they live in.
Another Messier moment cost the Rangers dearly.
She does not try to substitute for a psychiatrist.
"No longer will we allow people to divide us," he said, adding that such a union was needed to bring about "change."
This reference offers ways to wage the seemingly endless war on household and garden pests in a safe way.
Ultimately, it's not the athlete who makes the offer to attend a school, but a coach.
Ten people were killed today in the southern province of Asyut in two shootouts between Government security forces and Muslim militants, Interior Ministry officials said.
Potent Racquets, Better Training Mr. Gerken also said that bigger and more potent racquets, along with better training methods, have changed the game.
"Yes, nature is marvelous," Mr. Roessle said.
Its best moment came in the most familiar repertory: the Chopin B-flat minor Sonata, which drew significant profit from an unassailable technique and a dignified if somewhat dour rectitude.
Mr. Gleeman pleaded guilty for his role in the scheme last year and is awaiting sentencing.
For travelers willing to do without Western comforts -- and more important, who believe that the presence of foreign tourists and their money in such a place does more good than harm -- Myanmar is one of the most remarkable destinations in Southeast Asia.
The Israeli high court found "reasonable doubt" -- "gnawing" at its conscience -- that Mr. Demjanjuk was guilty of the crimes at Treblinka.
The task of coming together had been no easy chore.
First, offensive tackle Eric Moore was suspended the first four games for violating the league's substance abuse policy by pleading guilty to possession of steroids.
But experts in child psychology say that steps can be taken early in the process to reduce the negative impact that children will experience.
While shoppers prize confidentiality, he added, marketers, as well as the supermarkets, seek to learn as much as possible about them "in order to better track buying patterns" and deliver the coupons to the best prospects.
It shows President-elect Clinton facing right on the obverse, while the reverse shows prairies and mountains.
The dead boy, who attended Public School 129, had four brothers and a sister.
"We'd love to have the ban reversed altogether, but I'm happy we're making any progress at all," said a 22-year-old Army clerk at Fort Bragg, N.C., who is gay.
For four years, the state stepped in with $650,000 in funds.
N KEY: Y Yea; N Nay; (A) Absent or did not vote; (P) Present.
He is a young man, but with a great deal of experience, basketball being the least of it.
After all, Willie Randolph, Jackson's former teammate with the Yankees, and now a working assistant general manager for them, said moving Yankee Stadium from the Bronx would be a terrible thing, given the history of the Stadium.
The Business Week article identified the other companies in the negotiations as Miles Inc. A. G., the Alpha Therapeutic Corporation, Immuno-U.S., and the Armour Pharmaceutical Company.
Only two weeks ago, members of Mr. Major's Conservative Government were boasting that they had escaped a bewildering series of procedural ambushes laid by a rump group of Tory rebels determined to wreck the treaty.
Shares of State Street Boston fell nearly 18 percent as investors and analysts reacted to reports of rising expenses.
Mr. O'Rourke rejects any responsibility for these indiscretions, noting, for example, that many of Mr. Spano's relatives were hired before he became executive in 1983.
For all its amusing touches, "Cop and a Half" is as slick and predictable, and as glib about exalting juvenile violence, as last year's family-comedy hit "3 Ninjas."
Nature has been an accomplice in the cheetah's predicament.
Urania and Health Ministry, Uraniastrasse and Vordere Zollamtsstrasse, near the mouth of the Wien River.
Hu Shuchan said a classmate of her son, Yu Zhuo, went to court today in Wuhan, 415 miles south of Beijing, and was told by an official that Mr. Yu had just been convicted of spreading "counter-revolutionary propaganda" and sentenced.
"Life With Mikey" is rated PG.
From Tiffany, 'Open Arms' The lease for the 30,000-square-foot space was signed yesterday morning, Mr. Starrett said.
The sense of interpretive truth is most pronounced in the opening chapter, which is, plainly put, awful.
It's not that I want my children watching "Bram Stoker's 'Dracula.'
But the rise in stock prices to record-breaking levels has also fueled beliefs that a correction is inevitable, which would help short-sellers.
One picture shows the influential Prof. William R. Ware in a toga.
BARUCH COLLEGE (CUNY) "Site A" building 141 East 25th Street Renovation.
For example, Alice Kwartler, at 123 East 57th Street, deals only in antiques, specializing in American sterling and picture frames.
Bowe is training here for his first title defense against Michael Dokes on Feb. 6, at Madison Square Garden.
No one involved in the discussions today said what progress, if any, had been made.
She decided that she could not go on with her secret life.
The tomato farmer and the cucumber grower not only live, they also have power to make Congressmen force the President to excuse them from enjoying the blessings of free trade.
representative tax questions, call (800) TAX-1040 toll-free, or another local number listed in the instruction booklet or Publication 910.
The camera is used in at least half of all observations.
Though most of the tumor was surgically removed, Ryan was left blind, and a portion of the tumor remained.
Mr. Robinson and Mr. Golub had been consulting all week, and Mr. Golub had presented Mr. Robinson with alternatives, which apparently would have allowed Mr. Robinson to preserve some role at the company.
What Children Should Know In 1990, for the first time, the testing group graded the results according to how many students met standards of achievement based on what experts believed children should know about math in fourth, eighth and 12th grades.
Fossils may be dug on Saturdays at 11 A.M. and 1:30 P.M., and Sundays at 1:30.
The Cezanne, from 1890-94, wasn't the only good news for Sotheby's last night.
If evidence is needed of the good that ill wind sometimes blows, then it may be found through Aug. 29 at the Theater Row Theater, at 420 West 42d Street in Clinton, in the form of "A Better Life."
Iraqi officials had previously ordered United Nations drivers out of trucks bound for the Kurdish enclave, put bombs in the vehicles and blown them up.
Shares of P.& G. fell 1 1/2, to 51 1/2.
IT'S VACATION," a program at whichparticipants will celebratre the first day of summer vacation with ice cream, games and a storyteller.
Now he is back in business, but with players not as good as the ones he had with the Giants.
"You're probably talking the end of the decade before we put all the jobs back lost during the recession," said James P. Brown, an analyst at the New York State Labor Department.
Mr. Soshnick tried to challenge the idea that anyone could determine by the odor what was in the truck.
Miss Alboher, 27, is an associate in the law offices of Sheldon S. Lustigman in New York.
One smashing leap and dive and they were up, 7-0.
This time, however, these enclaves represent a breadth of diversity unparalleled in the city's history.
Both were on the 14th green when play was suspended at 4:54 P.M.
Even the casual reader will find important historical facts (Mahler advocated the lowering of house lights) and stylistic trends (mad characters tended to be comic in the 18th century, tragic in the 19th); also scattered throughout are unexpected observations (governmental censors might ban a play but approve an opera based on it, as with "The Marriage of Figaro" in Vienna or "Salome" in London).
His third wife, Bettina Hill Wilson, the fashion editor of Vogue Magazine, died in 1961.
"It's pretty much as he designed it," said Joe Sedacca, the owner who commissioned the house and who will be selling it this week.
The trip backfired because it was too easy for the Japanese to disparage the quality of American cars and the meager efforts made to sell them here.
That was definitely a mistake, first or second.
Mr. Glikes, he said, would hold bookstores "to a First Amendment standard that I imagine you would find onerous were it applied to your publishing program."
"The focus will be on the kinds of scenarios that could produce a large 'out-migration' and other things would require a rapid response," said an official familiar with the planning who spoke on condition of anonymity.
Today his lawyer, Scott McLarty, said Mr. Davis had cooperated with the authorities, giving them information about shipments to certain names and ZIP codes.
The sole soup offered is aush.
They're much less willing to dump a million dollars of miscellaneous hardware, and they're much more willing to support research related to their interests."
That is why the clubhouse is so important, Ms. Goldstein said.
"Let's flop the schedule," the Vice President directed, "stay here tonight and switch everything around."
"And those proposals are not how to cut spending, the proposals are how do you raise more revenue.
A Special Ability Sheila Kuehl, a lawyer with the California Women's Law Center in Los Angeles, said that Ms. Osborn's strength was in being able to bring people together while remaining adamant about the direction and agenda that she believed was necessary.
The sound of our commerce circled the globe.
Some friends say Mr. Deutch, who was a finalist to be Secretary of Energy in the Bush Administration, was disappointed he was not offered a Cabinet post this time around.
The Uzi toy gun, which bears a marked similarity to the Uzi 9-millimeter pistol, city officials said, is distributed by Madison Limited, a New Jersey company.
Amassing the information took more than two years.
The new embassy will be designed by the Washington architectural firm of Skidmore, Owings & Merrill, but all the building contractors will be local.
The authorities said the gun, now a collector's item, was a .38-caliber Army Colt revolver manufactured in 1913.
"I want to do it," McIlvaine said of the task ahead.
His lawyer, Leigh Steinberg, said that any pay lost by Williams would result in a lawsuit because Williams had merely done "what any 1990's father would do."
Between hawking guide books ("It's got over 30 pages and 50 photos, and it's only $3 -- what a bargain!
They are Hakeem Olajuwon and the 11 Charles Atlases.
Learning to Get Along Even though the antipathy toward newcomers did not vanish -- the Holmeses moved out in 1955 -- a sense of calm returned to the streets.
The homeowners' yearly dues is $190.
Introducing "Feels Like Christmas," a triumphant love song, she said that sometimes her new husband, upon waking up, may feel like it's Halloween.
It is a story of human beings brought here as specimens, who with no natural immunities quickly succumbed to diseases of our latitude.
You know, they say time heals all wounds, And I don't quite agree with that a hundred percent.
"He learned all there was to know about his business on the banks of the Gowanus," said Bill Balsano, a self-described historian of the underworld.
Her first great success was in "Coquette" in 1927, and her last was in the 1970 revival of "Harvey."
Both versions are to the same music; however, the first has more delineated steps with a classical look, while the second has a broad romantic sweep, intensified by the speed that Balanchine demanded of his later dancers.
The two men were old friends.
The Atlanta Braves had four of the seven highest-ranked starting pitchers: No.
The British science journal Nature noted then that Iraq's charges of environmental warfare ring hollow in the light of the crude oil fires raging in Kuwait.
In the back row, an agitated hand.
Barry Cameron, 40, a retail sales clerk, is taking the canvas wraps off his Tracer.
The plaques would commemorate special moments in the park's history or honor family members who were part of a fan's baseball experiences.
Ewing fouled out with 3 minutes 14 seconds to play, and the Knicks leading by 94-87.
(Bucky) Wharton 3d, operator of the Waggoner ranch, said he did not know of any family relation by the name William Martin Waggoner.
Special Permission Granted "He's under orders from me to take it easy with his throwing," Torborg said.
The Wildcats remained on target to become the first Pac-10 team to go undefeated in the league since U.C.L.A.
That figure will soon rise to 69,000 as a result of foreclosure proceedings now under way, according to the General Accounting Office, an arm of Congress.
White House officials say the new estimates are subject to change because final decisions on the details of the President's plan have not been made.
The play's first part, subtitled "Millennium Approaches," about Cohn, Mormonism and AIDS, won the Pulitzer Prize for drama last week.
The books are consistently handsome in their design and production; especially notable in this regard is a portfolio of photographs of Nijinsky taken in 1912 by Baron Adolf de Meyer, and reproduced here in gravures by Richard Benson.
Norway A Danish fan, frustrated by his country's failure to qualify, has applied for temporary citizenship to neighboring Norway.
He was once the most hotly pursued basketball recruit in New Jersey history, once a feather in the cap of Seton Hall Coach P. J. Carlesimo.
Good Reviews in the East "Falling Down" had generally good reviews in the East, but not here.
The Phillies were playing unbelievable ball, but when we started winning, we stopped watching the scoreboard.
After a severe three-year slump, consumer confidence is back.
Every work here except the Concerto Movement in C minor (S. 240) is based in a major key, and only 7 of the 49 substantial movements are squarely rooted in minor.
And then there are the letters waiting for her answer.
Cash-and-Stock Acquisition On Sunday, the companies announced that Viacom would acquire Paramount for about $8.2 billion in cash and stock.
The Seminoles, who are expected to be voted No.
Montclair State is the last obstacle in a home game at Glassboro.
The Human Rights Bureau of the State Department, then headed by Richard Schifter, who would add tested courage to the Clinton administration, reported in 1989 about the use of chemical weapons and mass eviction against the Kurds -- "cleansing" it is called now.
Shortly before leaving for Tunis and consultations with Yasir Arafat, the P.L.O.
The children were always so proud of their portfolios."
"Now, I'm ready for things to calm down."
But the 130 works in this exhibition, which range from Raphael to van Gogh, suggest that what it lacks in quantity and longevity, it more than makes up in quality.
Do not block peaceful reunification.
The astronomers are eagerly anticipating their first opportunity next July to observe explosive impacts on a planet that could be comparable in strength to the collision of a large asteroid or comet with Earth 65 million years ago, the catastrophe implicated in the mass extinctions of dinosaurs and many other species of life.
"I am going to try to make it out to the track again in May."
But most people come to the high peaks south of Lake Placid where the most spectacular scenery and best-known mountains, including Marcy, the state's highest at 5,344 feet, and Whiteface are situated.
False, argues a Stanford University English professor in a new book that has been widely discussed since it was published last month by Stanford University Press.
Memo to State Department In the memo, Mr. Oakley wrote that he had told the Lebanese that President Bush and the State Department were willing to take a "fresh look" at the flight ban, provided that all United States and international security requirements were met.
Mr. Malone, who controls Tele-Communications Inc. as well as the Liberty Media Corporation, a cable programmer, had been eager to buy into a movie studio because films are the staple of cable programming.
Ms. Poritz said today she would be "screened from all issues that come from my firm."
THE ORACLE AT STONELEIGH COURT Stories.
People with early memories of backyard stews argue convincingly for the superiority of wood-fired cooking.
Equating targets with managed trade, he said, "is like saying if you have a tariff, you're protectionist -- it's simplistic."
EGON H. OTTINGER lived sparely in a stone cottage in the dark woods along the Croton River.
In pointing this out, I did not mean to "blame" television.
Besides serving China, the joint venture will also sell products elsewhere in Asia, including Japan, Singapore and South Korea.
After a string of fatal accidents in the past six weeks, the Marine Corps has ordered airplane and helicopter flights suspended for 48 hours to review safety and training procedures, the Pentagon said today.
United Nations military officials said the United Nations had no intention of backing off militarily despite increasing criticism and pressure from relief agencies as well as member nations, particularly Italy, which has several thousand troops in Somalia and whose Government today called for the suspension of United Nations combat operations in Somalia and a review of the peacekeeping mission.
Los Angeles goalie Kelly Hrudey turned aside 42 shots while New York goalie Glenn Healy had just 14 saves.
Which city is farther east -- New Orleans or Chicago?
Investors who limit themselves to dividend-paying stocks will be missing the small, fastest-growing companies.
But if the President were willing to make such a sacrifice, the $30,000 of private track donations could instead be contributed toward investments of benefit to more than one White House jogger.
Others believe that a much larger effort must be made; I am not opposed to that if a strong case can be made.
and that she had to exhort him to fight harder.
Wily old Mother Goose ran enough changes on a lost horseshoe nail to end with the loss of a kingdom.
In addition, she said that the new data on the gross domestic product did include a downard revision in final sales in the second quarter, to 3.1 percent from 3.7 percent.
PHOTOGRAPHY EXHIBITION, Rockland Center for the Arts, 27 South Greenbush Road, West Nyack, N.Y. An exhibition of photographs by black American photographers.
THERE is a shrinking safety net under travelers who make payments to companies that later collapse.
A Meaningful Percentage Point Until recently, most forecasters agreed that the economy could not safely grow much faster than an average of 2 percent a year: the labor force is expanding by about 1 percent a year and productivity growth has been stuck at about 1 percent a year since the early 1970's.
All you have to do is stand before 80 people in wheelchairs every Monday afternoon, some strapped in, some sleeping from drugs, some yelling for help (while others just shuffle aimlessly down the hallway), to know you don't ever want to be there.
Mr. de Oliveira's heroine is almost the antithesis of Emma Bovary, the foolish, vain, deluded French provincial who reads silly magazines and books and lives her life accordingly, with fatal results.
The film, which opened to mixed reviews and which deals with a friendship between a blind former Army officer and a prep school student, unexpectedly defeated such movies as "Unforgiven," "Howards End," "The Crying Game" and "A Few Good Men."
A BEAUTIFUL OBITUARY WON'T HELP "If you take the panda as a metaphor for the exponential destruction of the environment all over the world, then things are improving a little bit," said the biologist and author George B. Schaller.
Wife Was With Him On Wednesday, a day after his confession, Mr. de Padua's wife, Paula de Almeida Thomaz, admitted that she was with her husband at the time of the killing and that she had gone along so that he could prove that he was not having an affair with the actress.
The agency's problems illustrate why the country needs Washington to enact a universal health-care plan, he says.
According to a police spokesman yesterday, Daniel Wieland, the driver, was found to have only traces of methamphetamine, which is commonly known as speed, in his urine but not in his blood on the night of the accident.
Jews asked that in Auschwitz and every day since.
But internal drives are a bother, sometimes a pain, to install and take out.
John E. McArdle, a spokesman for State Senator Ralph J. Marino, the Oyster Bay, L.I., Republican who is the Senate majority leader, said the Senate would conduct a background check and schedule a public hearing on the nomination soon.
They described Mr. Fisher as a good-natured All-American youth, whose room was decorated with pictures of girls and cars.
"We have a good shot."
"I've seen nothing to make me think different than that."
My call was picked up immediately.
Under the plan a significant number of jobs will likely be lost.
Revenue rose to $13.07 billion, from $12.02 billion in 1991.
Her father was a composer and lyricist in New York.
There were two main-course strikeouts, smoked salmon penne in a cream sauce that was dull beyond belief, and an overcooked dry bourbon-marinated shell steak that was as sweet as dessert.
The cruelty is that of the Saddam Hussein regime in the author's native Iraq; the silence, that of the Arab intellectuals who condone or assist it.
"Summer's Half Gone," a world premiere danced to a delicately collagist score by Marc Farre, was all about Ms. Daniels's eye-catching look.
But Mr. Dinkins had already learned about the resignation a few minutes earlier, because Mr. Rivera announced, in an article yesterday in New York Newsday, that he was leaving and accused senior mayoral advisers of being biased against Hispanics.
Lena, she said, was big on education.
South led the heart queen for a winning finesse, and followed with a heart to the ten.
Despite the difficulties, regional economics is attracting some of the brightest young economists.
Mr. Okamatsu said that specifying a market-share percentage in the semiconductor agreement had led to numerous misunderstandings, because the United States regards the figure as a commitment while Japan considers it only an expectation.
There is something of everything I play in me."
An incident in the long career of Harrison Salisbury, who died last week at 84, splendidly makes the point.
The lawyer, Marvyn Kornberg, said that the publicity surrounding Mr. Buttafuoco and Amy Fisher, his accuser who is serving time for shooting Mr. Buttafuoco's wife, will make it impossible to get a fair trial.
Each day, on average, at least two of the 1,500 ticket-writing agents are assaulted.
Four of them went to Zagreb and Split to train medical personnel to deal with survivors of the war crime that has become the central horror of this war.
The goal, scored 7:02 into the third period, turned the tide in what had been a quiet offensive night for New York.
It has an honest, efficient cop who is taken off the case but who stubbornly pursues it on his own.
Joe DeLoach dropped out with a leg injury midway through the second semifinal heat.
With the Administration's hopes for shaping history on the line, Mrs. Clinton will testify on Sept. 28 before a rare joint hearing by the Senate's Finance Committee and Labor and Human Resources Committee.
The contractor hired by the city's Department of Environmental Protection, E. E. Cruz, has paid $138,000 to settle 18 of 28 claims of property damage.
It is highly unlikely that they changed anyone's mind; barely two dozen lawmakers were officially undecided when the arguing began, and the number of genuine fence-sitters probably was much smaller.
They charge far less than emergency rooms.
The children had lost their hair during cancer treatments.
He was not certain what his specific leadership project would be, but he was sure it would revolve around the drug traffic on Hermitage Avenue.
Prosecutor Jean-Yves Tremeroux said arson was not ruled out, but he gave no other details.
Extravagance of silhouette and accessories was as much an obsession as the desire for the body beautiful.
President Carter named 37 black judges, 14 percent of all those he appointed, and 45 women, or 17 percent of his choices for the bench.
A Longing for New York Mr. Dunn is the third former Herald editor now heading a New York City tabloid.
Justice Scalia then offered further help.
Food Merchants Accept Notes Reuters said that food stores and street vendors who sell much of the food distributed in the capital of three million people were accepting the bills.
Cook over high heat on one side for 2 minutes for medium-rare or longer according to taste.
For his first book, Mr. Penick was paid an advance of $90,000.
The Son of the Man is now doing well as a pimp selling under-age girls to wealthy clients, and he enlists Wendemi as a partner entrusted with cultivating new talent at a public swimming pool.
A serial killer is one who kills people -- usually one at a time -- over an extended period.
In Lima, the number of bombings and killings has dropped significantly.
My awareness of my own sexuality is very different.
They call themselves river rats or, in their more ornery moments, river trash, with their day-old beards and Viking tattoos.
Ron McAnally, who will handle Arinthod for Francois Boutin, agreed that horses pursuing the speedballs might have problems despite the long distance and the long home stretch.
Although no mention of the tunnel has been made by the newspapers in Sarajevo, or by the radio and television stations controlled by the Bosnian Government, its existence has been no secret to Serbian commanders.
The push for expanding the bench is fueled by a significant increase in the number of filings in most Federal courts in the last year, as well as a marked jump in the average caseload.
The Washington opening is postponed to Jan. 4 from Dec. 28.
It is scheduled to report third-quarter earnings tomorrow.
So is pollution in a great city long ringed by heavy industry of a primitive and brutal sort.
Soccer American Professional Soccer League VANCOUVER 86ERS -- Signed Paul Dolan and Rob Merkl, goalkeepers; Rick Celebrini, Steve MacDonald and Doug McKinty, defenders; and John Catliff, Jim Easton, Ivor Evans, Scott Macey, Doug Muirhead, Guido Titotto and Nick Gilbert, forwards.
The game-winning kick was set up by cornerback Eugene Daniel's interception of a Boomer Esiason pass that was returned 17 yards to the New York 36.
's, said he hoped to find a part-time job to supplement his pension, which he estimates will be $1,830 a month.
You can't objectify or distance yourself from people who are so present and immediate, life-size and completely exposed.
I do not support any proposal of this sort.
But it was still unanimous among the judges: Dalby Shirley had it 117-111, Rudy Ortega scored it 115-114, and Chuck Giampa had it 115-113.
Then Spike Lee spotted him giving a speech and cast him in "Malcolm X," as Benjamin 2X.
Mr. Romero, who both wrote and directed "The Dark Half," answers these questions somewhat earlier and more explicitly than is absolutely necessary.
He is a lawyer in Ronkonkoma, L.I.
She did more to help Bill's career than anyone and always gave more than she got."
b-Restated for the effect of a change in accounting principle.c-Net loss and after a charge of $ 11,886,000 from an accounting adjustment.
At the thought that her husband, who has multiple sclerosis, will probably never get to see the real Graceland, she grows teary-eyed.
Unlike many of his peers, Hill's economic survival or educational opportunity has not depended on his ability to earn an athletic scholarship.
He is a graduate of Boston University and its postgraduate School of Orthodontics.
People love you and miss you."
This is a fascinating phenomenon to watch and it can be seen indoors if a nearly ripe seed pod is clipped from a witch hazel and taken indoors.
Other banks with problems have been able to reduce the losses much faster, he added.
Senator Garn, according to Karen D. Shaw, head of the Institute for Strategy Development, "was a strong advocate of sweeping industry restructuring, as well as a vigorous opponent of initiatives to increase the industry's consumer and community responsibilities."
Now that baseball is perceived as a business, opening day isn't much different than Blockbuster Video's opening a new store in another mall.
White House officials said they welcomed Congressional authorization, but left open whether they would seek it before or after American troops were sent.
Mr. Perot asked listeners to mail in answers to 17 questions, which he had published in TV Guide, that had yes-and-no answers.
"The water came up so fast -- in the middle of the night on Thursday -- we didn't have a chance to get much out," said Albert Whittaker, 42.
This summer, the festival, which runs until Aug. 28, will as usual attract 60,000 visitors, many of them affluent, to this modest upper-Bavarian community.
Most lawyers who service individual clients cannot look to any private insurance policies or Government programs for their fees at all.
Mr. Berkman, 51, who is seen as a long shot, is the most moderate contender.
Matthew Monahan, a Battery Park City spokesman, said the authority was convinced that the event would not be a nuisance to residents.
There's always the hope that our President will get us out of this slump."
Someone tapped me and said, 'Rudy,' and I put him in."
Malraux, Gide, Camus, Sartre, Sarraute were international figures.
I'm frightened at the rate at which people forget and the apathy they have about things.
The venture, 50 percent owned by each company, combines Associated's 6 percent interest in the San Francisco and San Jose cellular telephone systems with McCaw's 50 percent interest in the Buffalo system.
They think of themselves as proof that one can be both cool and devoutly religious.
In an inequitable society like ours, some would think it cruel to expose ghetto children to trees and pools and backyard barbecues they may never have.
Ernesto Cardenal, one of the priests who took posts in Nicaragua's Sandinista Government.
A lot of people think she's Fannie, which is fine with her.
"He did that more in the second half and, of course, with Walton chasing him around, Tyler was open for more shots."
Sometimes, like Zoe Baird, they plead ignorance or bad advice.
"They stay safe, hiring or coercing more Sonias."
Moral sympathies might just be capacious enough to outlast the unremitting siege of the media.
Dr. David M. Allen, health director of the Atlanta Project, said that more than half of these children had probably not been immunized but that he did not know how many of them the program would be able to reach.
After presenting witnesses and videotapes that they said completed a jigsaw puzzle of proof, prosecutors have rested their case against two black men accused of beating a white truck driver and seven other people in last year's riots.
A marketing problem: the infected armyworm caterpillar stops feeding relatively quickly but takes several days to die.
But she supports the agreement about to be signed, and she had agreed to accompany Mr. Rabin to Washington, along with three other relatives of terrorism victims.
The program is intended to deal with the legions of drug dealers who basically underwrite their own addiction with the money they make selling.
I told Wade later he should have stayed down to throw," Boyer joked.
The Vikings might have been able to get their one-time quarterback, Wade Wilson, but when the New Orleans Saints let Bobby Hebert go rather than meet his salary demands, they signed Wilson instead.
The Islander goaltenders, Coach Al Arbour said later "were at the mercy" of the Bruins from start to finish.
"The way they may present the games will attract a new audience," he said, noting that Murdoch's Sky Sports channel in England "used a lot of interactive ideas, mixing entertainment with sport and music with sport."
"I was hoping to be in the top 100 at the end of last year.
For the most part, the jokes were sophomoric ("How many abortionists does it take to take a bath?
That afternoon, the team examined patients who had both the eye and peripheral nerve forms of the disease.
The hard tone of Mr. Salinas's remarks smacked of political maneuvering because it contrasts notably with other statements he has made.
Bars 3 Foreign Airlines For the first time, Federal officials have barred three small foreign airlines from American airports for safety reasons.
Quiet positional play and relentless endgame technique were responsible for Karpov's victory in Game 2 of this series with Illescas Cordoba.
Mr. Clinton's campaign oratory on the Balkans was sweeping and ambitious.
They add, however, that they believe some Russian military commanders, acting without authority, are selling military hardware to the Armenians.
In most fields, internships have become harder to get.
And because the lunchroom is sealed off in a third school, children sit on the ground in the schoolyard to eat cold lunches.
A Citibank spokesman in Bombay was quoted today in The Financial Times, London's daily business newspaper, as saying the resignations were not related to the Fed visit.
Ms. Robinson, 30, is keeping her name.
As in most developing nations, the cities have been the main beneficiary of newfound prosperity.
Ms. Power also faces Federal charges from the theft of 400 pounds of ammunition from a National Guard armory in Massachusetts.
Anthony Quayle's portrayal in the BBC production in 1979, directed by David Giles, will be compared with Falstaff in "Chimes at Midnight," directed by and starring Orson Welles in 1964 and 1965.
Maria Pollerana, the spokeswoman for the District Attorney's office, said the decision to pursue a formal charge had been made after a review of the evidence presented by the arson unit, which conducted an investigation of the incident.
Both Need a Little Work Reflecting on their performances in the team's scrimmage last Saturday, Reeves admitted today, "We don't have the timing and confidence in the passing game we should have."
"He could be tied with a towel," Mitchell said, but her tone was less angry and hinted at compromise.
Similarly, the City of Miami Beach believes it is being unjustly punished for the actions of Greater Miami, where the City Commission rescinded a proclamation welcoming Nelson Mandela in 1990 and five mayors from the region criticized the anti-apartheid leader for not denouncing human rights abuses in Cuba.
The posts with the soundboxes that motorists draped over their windows to hear the movies are gone, replaced by sound systems broadcast to car radios; the playgrounds have been dismantled and the theater charges by the person, not the carload.
In 1991, it trained 90 brokers were and recruited 450.
This Thea is a hard-working widow with -- give the writers credit for something different -- four children.
Those voices can also be heard in Russia.
The center also faces increased competition from other institutions in the city.
That is a pace that encourages brokers.
So, if he's not likely to ride in America or Europe, what's next?
During the meeting, Moonface Bear agreed to leave his property, Sergeant O'Mara said.
Ever since the Mets signed the six-time National League stolen-base leader for the St. Louis Cardinals following Darryl Strawberry's departure to the Dodgers after the 1990 season, Coleman has been involved in incidents that question his responsibility, judgment and sense of team.
Investors seem to believe Government promises of a tight budget proposal this fall aimed at slashing Spain's deficit, which is expected to reach 6.6 percent of the G.D.P.
"In a way," he said, "everything is very different."
Dr. Lane, who is 54, is a native of Oklahoma City and earned bachelor's, master's and doctoral degrees from the University of Oklahoma.
"If you find out anything different, please let me know."
So what if its ability to beat or tie us had more to do with the wiring of the electronic game board than with its skills?
Mr. Newfield said the difference this time is that the coma lasted longer.
If you can't find one at a nursery, sources include Wind and Weather, P.O.
He said his client lived alone and inconspicuously in a one-room apartment at 114 North Seventh Street in Brooklyn.
For instance, sometimes on the insurance claim form the wrong code is used for the medical procedure, which means claims are not paid or they will be paid at the wrong rate.
But Mr. Rum said he had been robbed by students with guns.
But the study did speed the development of speaker phones, for hands-free talking, and even phones that can carry out voice commands like "Call home!"
This did not impress Joanna Varzob, a retired secretary who had come to try and retrieve the 40,000 lei ($40) she had deposited last week.
One rented exec handled by Mr. Van Horne is Jesse B. Hillman.
Now, he said, the average purity of heroin nationwide is almost 35 percent.
No more information was provided and there were no further consultations with Judge Wood.
After it was over, Smith said that nothing pleases him more than a good 1-0 hockey game, and Richter was happy to agree with that sentiment.
Another way to avoid ozone is to go up above it, to high reaches of the Rocky Mountains, for example, where there is less air.
(Newborns and up) One of two sturdy board books -- the other is "White on Black" -- using simple images, like a fish or a leaf, that a baby can see in focus.
In addition to a full-fledged movie star -- Wesley Snipes, known for his roles in such films as "Jungle Fever" and "White Men Can't Jump" -- the 20-year-old school has produced graduates like the writer and director Hal Hartley, whose most recent film, "Simple Men," has won critical praise; Nick Gomez, who wrote and directed the film "Laws of Gravity," and the actors William Sage and Robert Burke, who starred in "Simple Men."
He suggested a series of stomach crunches to help strengthen my abdomen.
"This is the type of scenario that sets up a major flood," he said.
The heights of electric wall switches and outlets can be altered without cutting into walls by using surface wiring fixtures that are linked to existing switches and outlets.
While they may not equal the 68.6 percent load factor he expects for June, the highest for any quarter in Southwest's recent history, he said he thought they would continue at high levels.
Infection for 2 Weeks The human vaccines are produced from salmonella bacteria that have been altered in two ways.
A special pump was flown to the mouth of Sugarland Run, a remote, swampy area where booms were keeping a "considerable amount of fuel" from reaching the Potomac River, Mr. Koob said.
She was a pharmacist who opted for writing about the black experience as early as the 1940's and whose book "The Street," about life in Harlem, was a best seller.
Too bad he's so busy sitting next to Hillary [ Rodham Clinton ] at press conferences.
Jane Campion's "Sweetie" was a genuine surprise when it was shown at the festival a few years back, but such discoveries are as rare as the film makers behind them.
For another example, he said, in the blizzard of March 12 and 13, the winds at an altitude of 15,000 feet were blowing 120 miles an hour from the south, while the surface winds were blowing from the northeast.
Moderates Also Skeptical The Environmental Defense Fund, which has a reputation for taking moderate positions and favoring market-based approaches to pollution control, also responded skeptically, saying the plan did not provide powerful incentives or contain backup measures that could be imposed if voluntary efforts prove inadequate.
My organization has begun a voluntary program called the Smart Banana Project, to work with banana producers in improving their environmental standards without affecting productivity.
gives investors less information than what is available from state regulators.
But industry analysts say this inertia also makes A.T.& T. vulnerable.
Red Tape and Carpenters There are local zoning boards and contractors to contend with, stringent budgets from the home country and approval to be gotten from the State Department for every aspect of daily embassy life, from car registration to the location of the embassy itself.
THE HAMPTONS INTERNATIONAL FILM FESTIVAL Founded 1993 Dates Oct. 20-24 Main Prizes Noncompetitive Profile On the agenda are some 30 films in the Contemporary World Cinema section, plus movies about artists and films shot in (or starring someone from) the Hamptons.
Hillegas (1-0), signed by the A's as a free agent for last year's pennant drive, struck out six and walked three before getting relief from Joe Boever and Rick Honeycutt.
Those that didn't listen to orders prohibiting installation, and then didn't listen to orders to disassemble, we will punish according to relevant laws.
Buffalo, in the American Football Conference, is 7-1 and has won five straight.
The dangers of the current look are vulgarity and excess.
Key tossed 103 pitches before Showalter lifted him.
Asylum seekers from these countries would be sent home.
On July 4, the securities industry paid for him and his son to stay overnight in New York City, and in November, he visited Key West, Fla., with his fiancee as guests of U.S. Telephone.
A throwing error by Colbrunn from first base and a sacrifice fly by Deion Sanders helped the Braves take a 3-1 lead in the fourth.
But the advertisement conjures up nostalgic Horatio Alger-type images of a young man who succeeded against the odds -- images that often seem to represent the underpinnings of Rudolph W. Giuliani's mayoral campaign.
Not only does Pink Salmon offer an array of fresh fish and prepared salads, but it also has a sushi bar.
Defiant and Aggressive Even so, about 100 Jews in their early 20's are involved in the youth center he has established adjacent to the synagogue.
for a regulation against indecent programming, said through a spokesman today that Mr. Clinton would be responsible for appealing the case.
I feel in my nerve endings the common refusal to go under.
Adolf von Harnack was a scientist of great distinction, who represented the best of German culture and thinking.
Germany, which has more than 2 million Muslims in a population of 80 million, has long been a hotbed of Islamic and radical Arab activity.
Lauri Merten, who won this year's United States Women's Open after eight years without a victory on the Ladies Professional Golfers Association tour.
b-Included gain of $ 4 million from settlement of property damage claim.
And this abortionist was a mass murderer."
White has closed the gap this season with four and a half to Taylor's three.
In the United States, drug prices have been rising at a rate several times higher that of the consumer price index.
Recognizing gun and drug gangsters for the killers they are does not prevent work to provide jobs and education for young people who yearn for both.
I've really enjoyed working here."
Caldor, a chain of 41 stores, signed a commitment letter with Chemical Bank for the new facility, which includes a three-year, $250 million revolving credit and a five-year, $180 million term loan.
Ed Sprague hit a pinch-hit, two-run home run in the ninth inning of Game 2, Candy Maldonado stroked a run-scoring single in the ninth inning of Game 3 and Jimmy Key, in a gutty performance, shut out the Braves for seven innings of Game 4.
In the mid-19th century, whisky was an inexpensive commodity, much cheaper than wine.
Even Walt Disney, who gave the author a major break by hiring him to direct "20,000 Leagues," is criticized for a certain meanness of spirit and for failing to credit the people who worked for him.
The nonprofit camp, which operates in two sites, and the teen program serve children in New York and New Jersey.
Iran, which doesn't need the oil, wants to make friends with stability's enemy.
Help your child select some gifts that she can contribute to a local charitable toy drive.
"Look at what it took to get this verdict," said Doris Davis, a Los Angeles teacher, a quaver in her voice.
NEW YORK CITY HIGHWAY ROBBERY IN THE BRONX Fourteen people on a shuttle bus bound from Washington Heights to Providence, R.I., are robbed on the Major Deegan Expressway by three fellow passengers who produced pistols and forced the driver to pull over at the Van Cortlandt Park exit.
1 in F minor (Op.
Ms. Callaway's ballad singing was so strong that much of the rest of her show paled by comparison.
The ejection also calls for a $250 fine.
The era of Silicon Valley's Magic Kingdom may finally be drawing to a close.
One, the terminal nerve, migrates to a nucleus in the hypothalamus where reproductive hormones and sexual maturation are controlled.
Budget has also shifted liability in Indiana and Wisconsin, and has a new contract in the works for Texas renters.
Furthermore, in most of the state, outside the Washington metropolitan area, no waiting period was required to buy a gun.
Republican mathematicians attack the President's plan as a tax-and-spend scheme, asserting that it includes $1.75 to $18 in tax increases for every dollar in spending cuts.
At least seven people have died in the last week as violence against pro-democracy activists has become more widespread.
Purdue 74; Tenn.-Chattanooga 66 As Glenn Robinson goes, so goes Purdue (9-0).
Manning, 27 years old, averaged a career-high 22.8 points last season and was selected to play in his first All-Star Game.
If the officials had sold on Nov. 22, they would have received $121,000 less.
"It seems that girls expect more, more attention, more jewelry."
"We have a new 1789 problem -- we have a new noblesse that from Paris decides everything for everyone.
"We had a pleasant conversation, but I got nowhere," said Mr. Kollek, no slouch himself when it comes to domineering ways.
The most surprising aspect of Mr. Bruggen's historically based style is his disregard for the fast tempos suggested by Beethoven's controversial metronome markings.
The provisions for federal and state income taxes assume effective tax rates of 35 percent for 1992.Year-ago shares outstanding assumes shares outstanding prior to repurchase of minority interest, 109,410 shares, which represent the actual number of shares sold to fund the repurchase by the company of the minority interest in its subsidaries.
But as one of the only doctors regularly performing abortions in this conservative and largely rural part of the Southeast, Dr. Gunn was well-known to anti-abortion forces and had been involved in confrontations with them in the past.
Glory Days Have Faded The industry, which soared to nearly $1 billion in annual sales in its first five years with offerings as diverse as papal greetings and dirty talk by breathy operators, saw sales and call volume plunge by nearly half last year.
When it is, the possibility of easily and simply controlling Nafta's effects disappears.
Until that pact is in effect, a sweeping follow-up that would cut United States and Russian nuclear arsenals by two-thirds is dead.
Aspects of Taoist philosophy, as seen in the actions of an A.A. Milne character.
Mr. Clinton's economic advisers say the plan will raise the nation's long-term underlying growth rate to 2.5 percent in 1997, up from its current level of about 2 percent.
(Giant companies like S. Zurel have their own fleet of trucks.)
Freeze according to instructions of ice-cream machine.
Nyala Farms will have 16,000 square feet vacant out of 378,000 when the lease begins.
"This is not the first time that such irresponsible press statements have been issued" by the United Nations, the Foreign Ministry said.
There is no basic prohibition against analysts owning stocks they track, for example, leaving it up to individual firms to insure that they don't trade those stocks in the days or weeks before issuing reports on their prospects.
CATHOLIC SCHOOLS AND THE COMMON GOOD.
Nothing to Show Before last night's game with the San Jose Sharks, the Devils held third place, 3 points ahead of the Rangers.
It is also inhabited by the Chinese, a people who are by no means renowned for their incompetence.
It is an embarrassment that the author of this anarchy was embraced by Washington as a friend because he helped arm anti-Marxist rebels in Angola.
You can get that at home.
Women have reason to feel they are targets for men under many conditions.
In the following years, commercial fishermen began to concentrate on sharks, encouraged by restaurants that discovered that customers were eager for a new taste.
Thirty volumes are to be devoted to Weill's stage works.
I have been unable to find guidebooks that list antique shops.
"For the Sake of Argument," a collection of the British journalist's previously published articles (many from The Nation, The Times Literary Supplement, Harper's Magazine and other periodicals), displays the intelligence, invective and stubborn common sense Mr. Hitchens brings to his commentaries, be they about the political scene in Washington, the soap-opera travail of the British royal family or a novel by George Eliot.
As a result, the domestic funds are starting to see their cash reserves fall as money is spent to buy new issues.
And throughout the region, officials said the weather was affecting people in a variety of ways often not obviously related to the temperature.
Arguing that the city can no longer afford to provide the services it has in the past, Mr. Badillo has presented several bold though ideas for revamping the city government, though some may be difficult to achieve.
On fourth and 5 from the Lenape Valley 33, Prebola threw to Justin Potts, but Straat, at defensive end, broke up the play at the 10.
His wife, Alice, has not been delighted.
He seemed to have made a list of all the circumstances that would be embarrassing to a shy, 13-year-old girl thrust into the Washington limelight, and used them as his framework.
Church officials here estimate that over a 30-year period as many as 200 people were abused by 45 to 50 priests.
The studio bought new $100,000 Mercedes-Benz 500 SL convertible two-seaters for the film makers and star.
But in its new-found enthusiasm for the local and the colloquial, France is not alone.
He is having great difficulty getting the House of Commons to ratify the Maastricht Treaty, the charter for the next stage of economic unification in the Community.
" Sitting in an office that is a storeroom of his trophies, plaques, thank-you scrolls, he picked nuts off a dish on his cluttered desk, chewed them, squinted.
Information and meeting place: (212) 996-1100.
The Nikkei index of 225 issues lost 76.71 points, or 0.37 percent, to 20,380.14.
But agreement on the goal only contributes to the astonishment at the pitiful strides taken to achieve it.
The death of 18 Americans in a clash on Oct. 3 and the ensuing outcry at home led the Administration to pull back from the aggressive United Nations policy.
Alan Eisenberg, executive secretary of Actors Equity, said that "actors have been fleeing the city and the East Coast because they can't make a living."
And since last week's inflation reports, the yield has jumped from 6.81 percent, or 15 basis points.
You cannot run away from the Cultural Revolution either.
Steve Wynn, longtime bard for the Los Angeles "paisley underground" leaders, the Dream Syndicate, sings lead here and writes the songs along with the guitarist Bryan Harvey of the Richmond duo House of Freaks.
We ended up having to project it half on the blackboard and half off.
Columbia Healthcare, awaiting Federal antitrust approval for its planned merger with the HCA-Hospital Corporation, had no comment yesterday on the surgery center offer.
DEFEAT OF FARE INCREASE NEAR CERTAIN The Metropolitan Transportation Authority is expected to delay a vote on a proposed 25-cent increase in bus and subway fares at its regular monthly meeting, and board members said it was unlikely that there would be a fare increase this year.
He is a son of Channa Allen of Brooklyn and the late Eli Allen.
Top American negotiators have begun to discuss the idea with their Mexican counterparts.
Reserve judgment; in a few years, we'll review the status of the data.
The run on the Yankees' bullpen did not, however, as the Yankees continue to underscore the fact that the foundation under the rotation is anything but solid.
An image that strongly suggests a dynamic, forward-looking and upwardly mobile league.
He became honorary curator in 1964 and remained active with the collection until his death.
In the latest CBS News Poll, 38 percent of respondents said they approved and 50 percent disapproved of the way Mr. Clinton was handling the economy.
Sometimes, closings have lasted only a few days.
The leaders of the Farooq mosque on Atlantic Avenue ordered the sheik to stop preaching there.
Gains in Reliability But the A train continued to go to Howard Beach, and transit officials say that improvements have made it faster and more reliable.
To get both items send $30.45 to: NCHEC, Suite 115, 7373 147th Street West, Apple Valley, Minn. 55124.
And how did they get these seats?
But in the end, his trip to Washington amounted to another no-bananas meeting.
(AP) BOXING Morrison Wins in Third Heavyweight Tommy Morrison, in a tune-up for a June bout with George Foreman, knocked out Dan Murphy at 1 minute 10 seconds of the third round last night in Kansas City, Mo.
It confuses the Germans, irritates the Americans, amuses the Iranians and splits the Israelis.
That lead grew to 10 points on five occasions as the game wound down.
Of the attention being paid to Mr. Bratton, Mr. Giuliani said, "I also think there is a great deal of attention being paid to Commissioner Kelly."
Our organization, Anbhuain, the Gaelic Conceptual Art Collective, has filed a notarized parade permit application with the New York City Police Department.
But under the current law, no matter how many suspensions someone collects, it is not considered a criminal violation to drive, only a cause for another ticket.
"Biennial" has become a bad-dream adjective, somewhere between "beastly" and "bubonic."
One of the first things Nets Coach Chuck Daly did when he arrived in the Detroit area was visit a friend and player he used to coach, the troubled Dennis Rodman.
Iowa's sports information director, George Wine, said that Street, who would have been 21 on Feb. 2, was driving to campus from a team meal at a supper club in Iowa City when his car collided with a dump truck mounted with a snow plow about 7 P.M. Street was averaging 14.5 points and 9.5 rebounds for the 14th-ranked Hawkeyes, who are 12-3 over all and 1-2 in the Big Ten.
When the 1990 deal was signed, the final Super Bowl of the contract's quartet was left unassigned to the trio of networks.
"Add Royal Jelly, Super Essence, some Shen for balance," and she stirred, smiled, then handed a murkish brown concoction across the counter top.
In recent months, as the last few land parcels available there rose in price to $65,000 a lot, Mr. Conner decided against even bidding because the homes would sell for $200,000.
"This will allow the Government to go forward with more progressive proposals than would have been set and locked in by law," he said.
The accusations of sexual misconduct and the accusations that Mr. Packwood tried to intimidate or threaten women so they would not testify against him are being investigated by the Select Committee on Ethics, which could recommend the Senator's censure or even expulsion.
Civil Court Judge Henock Voltaire gave Texaco and Esso 24 hours to begin deliveries to independent stations, said Rigaud Duplan, lawyer for the National Petroleum Distributors Association, which sued to free the supplies.
Neighbors said the police description of bizarre behavior did not match the man they knew as an attentive father and a neighbor who would help people start their cranky cars.
Barry Melrose, coach of the Kings, sai, "I told Jacques that if I had to lose to somebody I am glad it was you.
Like many directors, he started his bridge life as a successful player, as indicated by the diagramed deal that helped him win a title in 1954.
"In that atmosphere any member of a different ethnic group was in mortal danger.
The audits, to be monitored by the E.P.A., would run through the 1990's, the officials said.
Private Shantali was captured on Sept. 5 by a militia loyal to Gen. Mohammed Farah Aidid when Nigerian troops moving into Italian positions in southern Mogadishu were ambushed.
But they are assisting the public at eight parks and the County Office Building in White Plains.
"I believe this is long overdue," she said, "and it does a lot to move forward looking at Harlem for more landmarks as a way of preservation and development."
These trips are what made our visit to Cracow so rewarding.
Because of a laboratory error, a front-page picture last Sunday showing the demolition of the upper floors of 108 East 96th Street was printed in mirror image.
The labor settlement appeared to give the 192-year-old newspaper a chance at stability, because Mr. Murdoch has said he is willing to sustain limited losses, if necessary, to keep it alive.
"He rested all day, but he was drained, you could see it.
Mr. Clinton said he wanted more revenues and that he was willing to risk his political health by saying exactly which taxes would go up and who would pay them.
Pele Eklund joined Lindros in the penalty box 55 seconds later, and 8 seconds after that, MacLean capitalized on the two-men advantage.
"Secret Ceremonies" zoomed up best-seller lists, around the country, hitting the New York Times list in June.
When Mr. Davis pulled a .380 semiautomatic pistol, Ms. Graham fled into Mr. Abramowitz's cab.
He will miss tonight's home game against the Phoenix Suns.
The code is followed by all self-regulating exchanges.
Tests are under way to look at how each person's immune cells respond to common allergens.
33 2 OFFICERS HEAD TO PRISON On Monday, the two police officers convicted in the beating of Rodney King will join a small, tormented fraternity of imprisoned law officers, who face special dangers among inmates who hate them.
The galloping beat grew faster, the lyrics turned to snappy double-entendres and the stage shows became slicker, with costumes and dance routines.
I thought he'd read my books," Heym recalls.
A friend described him as impressionable and added that he was "a kid who does not know what he wants to do in life."
Rudolph J. Borneo, president of Macy West, has been serving as the interim head of Macy West.
What I want to know is, Was it a promotion or a lateral move?
At the Bouwerie Lane Theater, 330 Bowery, at Second Street, East Village.
And for a team that showed so much promise and heart, the next several months could prove to be the most important in the history of the franchise.
It also seemed clear that the aid package would likely suffer some of the same problems that plagued last year's package: Of the $24 billion committed by the seven nations last year, only about half was disbursed because the Russian Government was unable to take the tough economic measures called for.
So while the joint venture for a fifth network may make strong business sense, it also appears to reflect Mr. Siegel's tacit support of Mr. Davis in his battle to keep Paramount out of the hands of Mr. Diller.
But now, people just want to get money quickly, without work.
The new sanctions close down all foreign offices of Libyan Arab Airlines and require all countries to downgrade Libyan diplomatic missions in addition to freezing overseas financial assets and banning sales of equipment for oil refineries and pipelines.
High Stakes for Success Scientists fear that any further deterioration of NASA's reputation would lead to severe budget cuts almost certain to undermine projects in astronomy and planetary exploration.
All I had to do was keep walking."
A list of all eight agencies can be obtained by calling the U.S.I.A.
The Clear Favorite In Morris Heights, a poor neighborhood but by no means the city's poorest, Mr. Dinkins is the clear favorite.
"Now that marks are cheaper, banks might be selling dollars and buying marks to replenish reserves."
A1 JUDGING LOS ANGELES COURTS News analysis: In spite of the differences in two racially charged trials in Los Angeles, their parallels may give the message of injustice that many feel imbues the judicial system.
Alternatively, the highly enriched uranium could be converted to low-grade uranium and returned to Ukraine for civilian use.
Lawsuit About a Job More troubles at the Los Angeles County Museum of Art.
But he gave it back when he failed to get up and down from over the green on the par-3 12th.
"This is a linchpin, a strategic release, and when this linchpin is removed, it is very hard to justify keeping anyone in jail connected to the democracy movement," said John T. Kamm, an American businessman who has lobbied for the release of political prisoners.
The ending was this: East had played clubs from the bottom up, hinting at diamond strength, and discarded the jack and ten of spades, denying possession of the queen.
For children, there are free snorkeling lessons and a boat trip.
Mr. Howe, 27, is a credit analyst in the wholesale bank training program of Core States New Jersey National Bank in Pennington, N.J.
"However, the market still remains suspect," said Harry W. Laubscher, senior vice president and market analyst at Tucker Anthony.
And there's the account of the "terrified" Ms. Grumbach, then a young assistant copywriter at Mademoiselle, "wearing my usual graduate-school outfit" as she is sent to be a last-minute luncheon partner for Gypsy Rose Lee at the sedate old Stouffer's on Fifth Avenue.
The arrival of these stores -- familiar sights along the nation's highways and boulevards, with their huge signs and sprawling parking lots -- could profoundly change the city, its neighborhoods and the sometimes idiosyncratic way that New Yorkers shop.
His detractors believed that the art of learning a language could flower only in a sensorily rich setting, with elaborate, if not necessarily schematic, tutelage and feedback.
Japanese stock prices tumbled today, with the Nikkei index of 225 issues losing almost 3 percent of its value and closing below the 17,000 level.
About 1,700 trucks cross the bridge over the Rio Grande each day, almost all from maquiladoras making textiles and electronic components.
The Mozartean Players, a piano trio that uses soft-voiced period instruments, anchored by Steven Lubin's fortepiano, set off charming little sparklers by Mozart, Haydn and Beethoven under the big tent of the Spanish Courtyard.
Limited Public Debate The vote was a terrific defeat for the city's mostly Democratic political establishment, which had fought in court throughout the summer to kill the referendum, only to have the state's highest court order it on the ballot just two weeks ago.
Suzanne Trazoff, the department's deputy commissioner for public information, said yesterday that she could not comment until the investigations had been completed.
The loose-fitting outfit made it easy for her to show off her two tattoos.
How were the fall fashion shows?
"At a moment when he is experiencing his worst crisis and the people are in the streets throwing stones, this is like a gift to him."
A collaboration of its original principal author, Pete Townshend, and the director, Des McAnuff, this show is not merely an entertainment juggernaut, riding at full tilt on the visual and musical highs of its legendary pinball iconography and irresistible tunes, but also a surprisingly moving resuscitation of the disturbing passions that made "Tommy" an emblem of its era.
"Advices received here from Chicago and Boston are very bullish in tone," wrote the paper's New York correspondent.
If your punch lands, you're out plus a suspension of one to five games.
If "Deliverance" was a surprisingly taut thriller for a poet's first novel and "Alnilam" a long meditation on images of flight and power, then "To the White Sea" falls in between: it is a thriller about a man seeking purification through metaphor.
He was happy to be doing it.
At Xoma, Mr. Mendell, 51, will be succeeded by John L. Castello, 57, who joined the company as president and chief executive last year.
Bernard Marcus, chairman and chief executive of Home Depot, said the move into the Vancouver market would be a natural extension of the company's recent push into the Pacific Northwest.
The neighbor, Paul Beard, said he called the police after the guard banged on his door, then went to the club.
Military life is tough enough on older members who take on families once they know what the military is all about.
"The motivation is not strictly financial.
Both Republican and Democratic lawmakers are sure to protect the programs that bring their states jobs or services, which is, after all, part of their job.
The Northeast corridor project includes the following: * Constructing the electrical power system, including electrical substations and overhead wiring.
Mr. Cortines's primary opponents here were members of the school board who pressed a more liberal social agenda than that of their centrist superintendent, a 61-year-old Mexican-American who focused on old-fashioned reading, writing and arithmetic rather than trendier lessons about diversity.
"Did white folks get stigmatized when Jeffrey Dahmer killed all those people in Milwaukee?
No side experienced the humiliation and suffering of France, which will miss its second consecutive World Cup after surrendering a crushing goal in the final 10 seconds and losing a stunner to Bulgaria, 2-1, in Paris.
By standing firm, she eventually prevailed, setting the stage for international financial agreements that had previously eluded Poland.
But the White House backed down, they said, after learning that Mr. Biden and others had serious reservations about the nomination.
The agreement, announced by President Clinton and Prime Minister Kiichi Miyazawa, contains wording that will allow both sides to claim victory.
The Panthers (13-4, 6-4), who made only 2 of 20 3-point attempts, lost their second in a row to cost themselves the chance to play conference-leading St. John's for the Big East lead on Saturday.
The problem became a crisis with rioting in September 1991, when disgruntled soldiers seeking back pay went on a rampage, looting homes and shops and setting off a wave of violence that left dozens dead.
Vocally, Ms. Marcovicci fits no mold.
Venceremos Brigades The Forward, a Jewish weekly, reported that Dr. Cole had been a member of the national committee of the Venceremos Brigades, a group that sponsored sugar cane-cutting expeditions to Cuba but one the Federal Bureau of Investigation maintains is connected to Cuban intelligence forces.
It is the Ordnungsmacht (German for the power that creates order).
In later decades, Miss Loy lived in a book-lined terrace apartment in upper Manhattan overlooking the East River.
"He's going to tell them that he won't put up with politics as usual," the official said.
Rockers like Pearl Jam, Smashing Pumpkins and Scrawl wrote songs about surviving abuse; Michael Jackson was accused of committing it.
and BellSouth are also investors in General Magic Inc., a Menlo Park, Calif. company that is trying to develop software to allow these assistants to transmit and receive communications.
Among the Dow stocks that fell were Eastman Kodak, down 1 3/4, to 52; United Technologies, down 2, to 45 5/8, and I.B.M., down 1 1/8, to 52 1/4.
"I reminded them that statistically, some of their kids would be gay and one of them screamed, 'We'll kill them first!'
Lewis A. Watkins, district manager of Community Board 3, is one of them.
He said the bill would make the Federal Government the reinsurer of last resort.
And with all the new state and Federal regulations to take into account, meetings had turned into 8- and 10-hour marathons.
I don't think they are trying to shove Mr. Henry out and bring one of their cronies in."
Peter McDonough Jr., a spokesman for the organization, named the New Jersey Food Council, the New Jersey Business and Industry Association, the New Jersey Hospital Association, the New Jersey Retail Merchants Association and the New Jersey State Chamber of Commerce as contributors and members.
Argentina 2, Peru 1 In Buenos Aires, Gabriel Batistuta and Ramon Medina Bello scored five minutes apart in the first half to lead Argentina.
Kirk Presley, who was only 2 1/2 when his famous third cousin died, did not know Elvis, but he has known his shadow: public-address systems serenaded him with the song, "Elvis Is Dead" throughout his high-school career.
And the late Tim Hardin was rediscovered by Rod Stewart ("Reason to Believe") and Robert Plant ("If I Were a Carpenter").
Journalists were swept up in the tide.
The plan would partition Bosnia into three ethnic states that would have the option of seceding two years later.
Although "City of Angels" works as tough period satire with stylistic perfection -- the original title was "Death Is For Suckers" -- this show is, after all, all about writing: the process of it, getting credit for it and disowning it when others mess with it.
Mr. Gingrich has a conservative reputation, and often makes long speeches attacking what he calls the welfare state.
Hours: today, 11 A.M. to 9 P.M.; tomorrow, 11 A.M. to 9 P.M.; Saturday, 11 A.M. to 8 P.M.; Sunday, 11 A.M. to 6 P.M.
They wanted him to down the ball and get in the huddle and let everybody regroup.
Promises to Contributors The investigation was begun after J.
Nelson finished a second round of chemotherapy for Hodgkin's in July 1989 and sat out the season.
But before Mr. Mezzatesta officially began his new job, the Walters asked him to "withdraw his candidacy," Mr. Mezzatesta said.
His expectations were hard on me, but they took me places I would never have gone otherwise.
Plans then call for a message of thanks for those who assisted in the rescue efforts, and a cheer for the victory over Michigan, a noise suddenly interrupted last week by the urgent tone of the public address announcer, Jack Rane: "We have a pulseless nonbreather at the north end of the field.
Williams had secretly lured three-time world champion Alain Prost of France out of temporary retirement last spring.
Mr. Foreman said his organization would be offering a $5,000 reward for information leading the conviction of the others involved.
A Debate Over Savings With the cost of health care rising 15 percent a year in the state, Washington was faced with a situation of endless tax increases to balance its budget.
In this case, the appropriate department would be the Department of Health.
Blacks are expected to account for more than 70 percent of the votes in the elections, which are to be held before April 1994.
All-Star Clyde Drexler of Portland merely sprained his left ankle when he stepped on the foot of another player in the second quarter of Sunday night's Trail Blazer victory against Milwaukee.
"From the budget office's perspective, we thought legitimately that we were doing the right thing."
He listed the rebound of his three Atlantic City casinos, one of which, the Trump Plaza, is backing the two junk-bond issues he was touting.
The delay will add millions to the cost of a project that is already more than $1.1 billion over initial projections.
The last time was in 1990, but then the water did not rise as far or as fast.
There are fewer than two million American Indians, and some of the smaller tribes have as few as 500 members, he said at the briefing.
-- KAREN BILSING, as Colorado's contingent passed in the gay march on Washington.
To discourage women from using safe, effective contraception because of theories refuted by clinical and epidemiologic evidence hurts women's health; it is also medically irresponsible.
She has made three trips here and is now 21-0 on the Rebound Ace hardcourt surface that suits her attacking, backcourt game so well.
Far more formal than breakfast at the Bel-Air or Peninsula in Los Angeles, with a whiff of importance (maybe self-importance), which is not as pronounced on the West Coast.
The noncallable bonds were priced to yield 119 basis points more than Treasuries.
The outlook would be even worse had China not done an exemplary job of controlling its energy appetite despite furious economic expansion.
I remembered thinking, 'Here's a good business opportunity for someone.'
Reopening its long-running debate over religion and the public schools, the Supreme Court agreed today to decide whether New York State breached the constitutional boundary between church and state when it set up a school district to serve a group of Hasidic Jews.
His wife, Lucinda Florio, draws no salary, although she owed tax on money withdrawn from a pension fund created when she was a teacher.
May also announced that Anthony J. Torcasio, chief executive and president of Famous-Barr, the company's department store chain based in St. Louis, would become president and chief executive of May Merchandising, replacing Kenneth Folker, 69, who is retiring.
"The UFO movement is very much happening," said Ms.
One thing, the hatred, the ill-feeling, that's almost gone.
"Mr. Reagan was very gracious," Mr. Booth said of meeting Mr. Reagan in the Oval Office, "and he never had me shot -- to date."
A bus tour that includes a church service with gospel music, the Hamilton Grange mansion, the Morris Jumel mansion (former headquarters of George Washington), and the Apollo Theater.
The way quarterback Boomer Esiason is spreading the touchdowns around, a lot of Blanchard's points figure to come one at a time on conversion attempts.
Clarke, formerly the general manager in Philadelphia and Minnesota, has the same title with the Panthers.
If the motion stops, he added, the power automatically shuts off.
Someone else picks up the bill.
This 20-story, 275,000-square-foot building has 205 suites with three, four or six beds, for a total of 850 beds.
I don't have anything to be ashamed of and neither do my teammates.
Guerlain's estimated American revenues of $50 million are dwarfed by the company's worldwide revenues of $1.1 billion, from high-priced fragrance brands like Shalimar and Samsara, cosmetics like Terracotta and the Evolution skin-care line.
The Intermountain Power Agency of Utah tentatively priced $619.7 million of power supply refunding revenue bonds yesterday with a maximum yield of about 5.77 percent for an issue due in 2020.
There's still time for President Bush to act, redeeming the hope he expressed in his inaugural address four years ago that America could at last overcome the bitterness and divisions of the Vietnam War.
The spacecraft, made of thin plastic film, would reflect sunlight to Earth from aluminized letters or symbols.
Even though the order may have broad implications, environmentalists point out that it is not a regulatory program.
Edward P. Junker 3d flirts with bankers for a living.
* At United States Customs be prepared to be asked to name the most expensive item you bought.
We've got to hope that these reforms will work."
They would slide into poverty that much sooner, when Medicaid would pay.
But what makes "Pivete" work as well as it does is the staging.
Two disparate but extremist local groups, Band of Susans and Barkmarket, headlined the quadruple bill at CBGB on Tuesday night.
THE press had it backward, Michael Jordan said more than once.
Ten minutes later, she returned, joined two German rivals near the stands and held their arms high.
Mr. Spagnola does not condone fan abuse.
May and June, traditionally the busiest time for weddings, are now competing with the fall months, Mr. Reindel said.
Ms. Holtzman has maintained that she was not aware of a deputy's decision to choose Fleet as an underwriter.
Like the 1980's expansion, the 1990's expansion, which is taking place against a backdrop of huge shifts in Government policy and in the marketplace, is apt to benefit different industries, regions, and, most of all, individuals.
MS. HARRISON: Colin is probably more worried about life in the city, but in either case the tragedy or the unraveling of the character really is in their character.
" He wanted a dowry -- preferably in gold -- to be delivered.
Meggett, it turned out, was not beheaded, nor were there any cheap shots.
In the first-movement cadenza, for example, too much was given away too early: the treble chords couldn't grow in intensity, so they remained static.
On another Muslim-Croatian battlefront, a military spokesman for the Bosnian Croats said today that fighting had subsided in Mostar, which has been the scene of fierce combat between the two factions.
But it is not alone in seeking a more formal, action-oriented organization.
Still, it's the drawing power of Ms. Peters (not to mention that of Neil Simon) in New York that is largely seen as the spur for the show's advance sale of $10 million, which bodes well for a run through at least the summer, when both stars' contracts expire.
The premier attraction is welterweight Donald (Tiger) Stokes, a k a the pride of Gulfport.
Environmental groups and other opponents of the timber sales have long argued that the Government charges too little and provides too many services to companies that log national forests, at a cost to taxpayers at hundreds of millions of dollars a year.
"Even a Cadillac doesn't run so well after 30 years."
His own popularity has been badly worn by the pain of economic change, and by his puzzling and erratic political behavior, which at several key moments has left him vulnerable to the aggressive attacks from his opposition.
Schools may be safe; is the board?
But today White House officials said that in comparing notes over the past week they realized that several of Mr. Foster's colleagues had sensed that something might be wrong.
Then, on Feb. 26, the day of the bombing, Mr. Bettano testified that Mr. Ayyad asked to borrow his radio and spent the day listening to an all-news station.
(There won't be a sequel, either, according to both Mr. Tarses and the show's star, Blair Brown.)
Some aim to educate the next generation; others are conceived as expiations of guilt or as self-aggrandizement.
What bothered some of her opponents most was her unflinching critique of electoral procedures that, while ostensibly neutral on race, enormously disadvantage racial minorities -- her unabashed willingness to describe as majority tyranny what many perceive complacently as unquestionable majority rule.
b-Included an accounting gain of $ 14,590,000, or 15 cents a share, from the adoption of FASB 106 and 109.
The first tour, this afternoon, will explore the neighborhood where Ellington worked and played.
Its Greek Revival house, Dutch Reformed Church and 19th-century barns are listed in the National Register of Historic Places.
Mark Gastineau was released from jail today after posting bail on a warrant arising from a drug charge.
He is a grandfatherly figure, 5 feet 8 inches tall and bald, and more than happy to make fun of both conditions.
Chop roughly and set aside.
But this is something not easily achieved in most homes.
Not to the doctor, but to the doctor's parker.
During his deposition to the committee, however, Mr. Hugel denied any knowledge of the issue or of having said anything about it to the Senator.
"Every year when I come here, I always have a good feeling," he said.
"I'd rather be part of the future than a victim of it," said David E. Easterly, president of Cox Newspapers, which owns The Atlanta Journal and Constitution and other newspapers.
CALIFORNIA ANGELS -- Placed Hilly Hathaway, pitcher, on the 15-day disabled list, retroactive to Aug. 17.
The oldest surviving domestic trullo is just outside Locorotondo and dates to the 16th century.
"And I don't think it was intentional.
I had been invited to help stage a coming concert program in Carnegie Hall.
In an interview, Mr. Gearan said that the files were being turned over voluntarily and thatthere had never been any request for the papers from law-enforcement authorities.
"The station intends not to play certain lyrics that are violent, appear to be violent or are misogynist in nature," he said.
And whatever became of the huge dish of linguine I couldn't finish last year?
Hours ago he had turned himself in to the police on the charge of murder and was released on $1 million bail; in minutes he will return to the studio to work on his debut album, "Doggy style," the most anticipated hip-hop album ever.
That will put them more within the reach of individual investors.
The dancing was vigorous, yet the overall mood was elegiac when the Bill T. Jones/Arnie Zane Dance Company performed on Saturday night at the Joyce Theater.
Phillips said he spoke to Reeves last Wednesday night before Reeves left on vacation.
Relectronic has five offices in the United States and Canada, and there are offices in 14 other countries.
It comes as a powder and mixes with water and a bright red dye so that the pilots and firefighters on the line below can see it.
And they've got great veterans who fit well together."
Class, not race, is the key factor.
People are already saying we lost the game.
I'm not going to make a big deal out of it.
One of them, which would continue the ban only on two well-known models, the AK-47 and the Uzi assault weapons, was approved by both houses of the Legislature last Aug. 2.
INGRID E. NEWKIRK Washington The writer is the national director of People for the Ethical Treatment of Animals.
Later in London, the dollar was quoted at 117.08 yen.
In deference to Japan, the group has not yet agreed on language committing its members to the indefinite extension of the treaty on preventing the spread of nuclear weapons.
Rumeal Robinson had 23 points and 10 assists.
And without a grounding in that shared history, it might be difficult to work up any anxiety over the threat posed by an onrushing meteor called Icarus to a world "that has already been twisted and burned and poisoned beyond all hope."
George J. Marlin, the Conservative Party candidate, received 2 or 3 percentage points support in each of the three polls.
After months of careful planning by the Government, the stock market debut on Tuesday of JR East, the huge Government-controlled railroad, set off a speculative frenzy that nearly paralyzed the Tokyo Stock Exchange on Tuesday and again on Wednesday morning, while sending the overall market tumbling.
Lutine, whose bell was salvaged after she sank in 1799 with a load of gold bullion.
She graduated from Franklin and Marshall College.
"The only way this can be stopped is by strong outside intervention, and it's clear that it isn't going to happen."
But there is an unwritten rule for the most esteemed American biographers that a subject does not read what is written about him before publication, not even in the name of checking quotations for accuracy.
But a permanent repository may be decades away because of public opposition and technical uncertainty.
This year 450 students are expected to volunteer in projects such as tutoring schoolchildren and teaching prison inmates to read, Ms. Reiser said.
The Canadian report underscored the disparate, often murky lines of investigation proceeding from the New York arrests.
"We have an enormous scale our partners can take advantage of."
With a total of $673.7 billion in June, bond funds were larger for the first time than the popular money market funds, which pay much lower interest rates because they invest in short-term securities.
Preheat oven to 450 degrees.
"I've rewritten the opening sequence and I've underscored a lot more and musicalized a lot more," he explained.
This lets some air escape before it can overheat and cause knocking.
Oxxford, which is privately held, declined to give sales figures.
When Showalter was asked if the Yankees might be in the midst of a letdown, he bristled and said, "Our guys are ready to play."
Sterling's lover, Darius (Bryan Batt), in fact dresses like a pet.
"The Last Judgment will be based on the weather and earth and how we treat it."
His fiancee committed suicide the next day.
Of the British triumvirate that defines power in New York magazine publishing, Ms. Schulman speaks admiringly of Ms. Wintour and Ms. Tilberis.
In 1981, under its editor in chief, Louis Oliver Gropp, now editor in chief of Hearst's House Beautiful, it began to upgrade itself and compete against Architectural Digest.
Stocks are pricey by almost any measure, but the most obvious alternatives are either risky, unrewarding or unfamiliar.
"Whenever anybody called and wanted something, I would look into it."
It was a stunning victory for the little magazine that is based on the improbable premise that higher education can be a sexy subject.
Mr. Clinton's aides learned some time ago that the President turns a bit surly when cooped up too long in situations he does not control, like the formalities of summit meetings.
BREAK POINT TENNIS CENTER , 9000 Bay Parkway, Bensonhurst.
The detectives also found false documents that Monica Morgan had a $200,000 line of credit at American and Swiss banks.
Deion Sanders had two interceptions, both late in the game, and strong safety Roger Harper was in on seven tackles for Atlanta.
It was like they were sending me out to the Olympics again."
With the price of adult lift tickets ranging from $30 to $40 and children's tickets going for $20 to $30, it could cost a family of four as much as $140 a day just to use the snow.
Mr. Keegan, 41, will return to New York from London, where he has been co-chief executive for all of Salomon's European businesses since early 1992.
For many beachgoers in the New York region, the Memorial Day rite of reclaiming a favorite swath of sun and sand will be an adventure in unfamiliar terrain.
Placed Jerry Browne, infielder, on the 60-day disabled list, retroactive to April 19.
171 Against the Clock Today's time trial was an individual effort, of course, with the 171 riders remaining from the original field of 180 setting off two minutes apart.
The police said Rison assaulted Lopes, a member of the rap group TLC, after they left a nightclub.
Even though the resources Women have are fewer, their need for retirement saving is greater.
People say the problem is that you've lost your focus, that you've got too many things on your mind.
As big as an MGM sound stage, Mary Elaine's is kept in constant twilight, to dramatize the twinkling lights across the valley.
Throughout the ceremony and reception, many guests were tearful.
Dr. Martin Luther King Jr. birthday holiday yesterday.
And that is why there are nights when Taylor lies awake in his new house in his old town dreaming about throwing his fastball at Yankee Stadium, dreaming about joining Jim Abbott and Jimmy Key and giving the Yankees three quality left-handers, dreaming for his debut to come real quick.
Clearly, she won't bury her Irish heritage in pop.
It's not worth dying over."
has designed this new line on the premise that home computer buyers would never step into a regular computer dealership.
"You don't ever ask what a gift costs, do you?"
The Run-Scoring Cycle "It's nothing," Anderson said by telephone from the visiting manager's office at the Metrodome, trying to play down the team's remarkable onslaught.
Sessions as having reveled in the perquisites of his position and ignored the standards of conduct he stringently applied against subordinates.
Yet arts are vital, supporters argue, because they can help develop the very skills employers say they want, offer lucrative job opportunities and teach sensitivity to other cultures.
The railroad is already installing concrete ties and better rails, and a signal system that can handle trains at 150 miles an hour.
Ascetic in his aspirations but frankly alive to every sensual stimulus, luminously chaste in his spiritual impulses yet dryly urbane in his wit, Mr. Green is a fascinating paradox.
Months later, the rumors turned into a torrent of sensational revelations that he had run a "dirty tricks" department channeling scores of millions of dollars of taxpayers' money into slush funds.
Army forces have followed suit, driving thousands of Croatian and Serbian civilians from Travnik, Kakanj, Zenica and other central towns despite the Government's continuing calls for tolerance and condemnation of "ethnic cleansing."
Carter's only previous head coaching job came as women's coach at his alma mater, Mount St. Mary's College in Maryland.
They held out in tandem in 1966, missing spring training before settling for more than $100,000 each, the first pitchers to reach six figures.
And by accepting the money, and not speaking out against the awful dangers of smoking, those leaders are selling out their people.
"Now, everyone thinks they're fabulous."
Many of the experts interviewed were skeptical, based on what they know so far, that the Administration could achieve the savings it envisions.
He has a paid staff of 20 and scores of volunteers.
Mr. Appleton did not rule out trying to build a plant there in the future.
The strapping surgeon, 25 years older than Krone, scooped her into a shopping cart at a health-food store when she needed supplies.
Because vasectomy is such a popular contraceptive method throughout the world, any questions about its safety are of major public health concern.
Queens, 32d District (Howard Beach, Richmond Hill, Woodhaven, Rockaway, South Ozone Park and parts of Ozone Park): Walter Ward, a Democrat, is challenged by the Republican-Conservative Alfonso Stabile, a retired sanitation worker.
He is the last Commissioner.
Okamoto shot 78 on Saturday and 76 today and finished at 299.
One section resembles a field of huge open sores, where water has forced its way to the levee's land side and "boiled" up.
They had planned a low-key dinner for 20 guests, including Ivana Trump, who never showed up, though everyone else, even the harpist, managed to make it.
"We haven't fulfilled the criteria now," Mr. Schlesinger said, "but the first qualifying test comes in 1996.
"If I cut that part so drastically," Mr. Shimizu said, "it cannot be called a novel."
The Rangers fell five and a half games behind the White Sox in the West.
"Adding fertilizer cranks up the microbes," he added.
Julie closes up her picturesque country house and moves to Paris, where she seeks anonimity, taking the first apartment she sees.
Frenzy Rises With Each Nod When the beige curtains surrounding the Rebbe parted, the crowd of 3,000 broke out into a chant that soon became a song: "Long live our master, our teacher and our rabbi, the King Messiah for ever and ever."
Price range: Lunch: appetizers $6.50 to $11.50, main courses $14.50 to $19, special three-course meal $19.93; dinner: appetizers $8 to $14, main courses $18.50 to $26, five-course tasting menu $60, three-course Sunday dinner $38.
Every corner of the house was searched.
In many cases, works have been estimated at far less than Mr. Seeger originally paid for them.
The Giants have made Rodney Hampton, who wants to renegotiate his contract, their first offer: a three-year deal worth about $6.6 million.
as for the British Army and the local police.
Wise submitted an application for the Neighborhood Leadership Initiative in June 1991, telling foundation officials they wanted to expand their program.
But none of that seemed to matter much to us then.
1 seeding in Melbourne, Courier had not won a tournament since he swept to the French Open title on clay last June.
to become president of Norske Skog A.S., a Norwegian pulp and paper company.
But it's when the characters stop philosophizing and revert to animal behavior that "Lungfish" offers at least some passing chuckles.
"Wheat beer is inherently refreshing so it's easy to enjoy," he said.
The yearly average cost per pupil has risen from just over $3,000 in 1980-81 to about $15,000 in 1992-93.
WHAT'S NEXT: Coming this summer from Voice Powered Technology is the Voice Reminder.
"Some of them scream as a way of expressing themselves.
My anticipation is she can get to the same level as before."
Of course, as you rightly advocate, black couples should be more actively recruited as adoptive parents, and criteria that inappropriately and disproportionately disqualify them should be revised.
The defensive line took a big hit when Pierce Holt (Atlanta) and Tim Harris (Eagles) left via free agency.
Average maximum temperatures there in October are 83 degrees, with the minimums at 57.
Boitano is leaving the pros to turn amateur, and is finding the switch somewhat perplexing.
The nature of the game is more volatile than it has ever been, and our division is proof of that.
Waiting for the Tax Votes Republicans like Mr. Gingrich and Bob Dole of Kansas, the Senate minority leader, hope for Democratic failures on taxes.
Like traditional transistors, Dr. Tsu's invention would be made of silicon overlaid with a barrier of silicon dioxide.
But in his simple, explanatory style, he makes the Chinese marketplace understandable to Americans only casually acquainted with China.
Thursday night's division-clinching 110-88 victory over the Boston Celtics and the Bulls' victory over the Hawks last night in Atlanta put New York one game ahead of Chicago.
On a far less grand scale, this is the tightrope that tens of thousands of Japanese women of Owada's generation have been walking for the past decade.
A19 NEW PLAN TO HELP NEIGHBORHOODS The Administration announced a plan to aid the nation's most distressed neighborhoods, combining minor new spending and moderate tax breaks for businesses.
Value Averaging System Q How does value averaging differ from dollar-cost averaging?
Do we believe this promising ex-con?
New England Patriots running back LEONARD RUSSELL was released from Massachusetts General Hospital, three days after he was hospitalized with stab wounds in the chest.
EXTRA POINTS The Jets won't be signing receiver EDDIE BROWN, the former Bengal who worked out with the team three weeks ago.
"We have computer programs that automatically evaluate the data that each store sends us each week," Mr. Fine said, declining to identify the North Carolina store.
What you are really trying to do is smoke out the professor who every semester picks up a student to have a relationship with -- the habitual offender," she said.
Lennox Lewis happily accepted today what Riddick Bowe dumped in the garbage: the World Boxing Council heavyweight championship belt.
Ms. Donelly (on rhythm guitar) and Gail Greenwood (on bass) strolled the stage with easy confidence.
Mr. Vidnovic -- far and away the strongest performer in the revue, which plays at the club through Aug. 28 -- has several other riveting moments.
They'd be back on the late-night road shortly, headed for Lollapalooza's next stop -- Chicago -- and the 25 dates beyond.
First Sent in December When President Bush initially ordered American troops to Somalia last December to insure the delivery of food and aid, the intent was to withdraw the forces after several months and turn the nation-building effort over to the United Nations.
"There's never been a doubt in my mind that if Lee Janzen decided to do something, he was going to accomplish it.
But now it turns out they did not completely admit to their losses, thanks to an accounting gambit that is breathtaking in its audacity.
Water is a running theme in the family: Frank Hajdys, her second husband, was a Navy man as well; before he died in 1985 he regaled their young son, Billy, and his three stepchildren -- Dorothy's two girls and one boy -- with tales of his adventures aboard the battleship Arizona.
The return followed a peace agreement reached in December between Ethiopian leaders and clan elders, who guaranteed that the refugees would return to peace in southern Ethiopia, the United Nations High Commissioner for Refugees said.
But the good thing about cross-country is that even when they are all skiing, every member can go at their own pace."
We've done a lot of traveling and a lot of playing.
To adapt services to the television screen, a consumer in many cases will have to spend several hundred dollars for a converter box and other equipment, depending on the system.
Archery World Champions Men's Target -- Kyung Mo Park, South Korea.
At a party for the forthcoming Broadway production of the Who's rock opera "Tommy," performers and friends are half-dancing in the basement of the West Bank Cafe while the show's leads sing "Pinball Wizard" and "I'm Free."
Mr. Stephanopoulos said that the decision should not be interpreted as a snub of the public schools in Washington and that there was no contradiction between it and Mr. Clinton's commitment to public education.
General Try is expected to be elected Vice President on Thursday, also by acclamation, and under the Constitution he would succeed President Suharto if the President died in office.
THE whitefly that has destroyed more than a half billion dollars' worth of crops in California and other states is a different species than had been thought, scientists say, and the discovery could speed the search for a natural enemy to control the insect.
Jones was supposed to compete for the starting middle linebacker job against Kyle Clifton, a 10-year veteran and nine-year starter.
She was disappointed when a New York-bound production of "Blithe Spirit" fell through.
"There are some factors that will reduce employment, and there are things that would change the composition of employment.
Under the agreement, a patent applicant would send one form, in Russian, to Moscow to get a patent that would cover all 15 countries.
It will not be easy, nor without moments when all seems lost.
But some officials said the situation was more complex.
Christine Todd Whitman made a triumphant entry into the State House today only hours after claiming a narrow victory over Gov.
On Friday, proponents twice failed by three votes to get the 60 required to cut off a Republican filibuster.
In Washington, Attorney General Janet Reno said, "The jury has spoken and justice has prevailed."
Not at these prices: Casa Eire, trained by Leo O'Brien and ridden by Jose Santos, snatched the lead in the stretch and held it to return $36.20 for $2 to win.
teams playing well against an N.F.C.
On top of that is the budget cap.
An Airborne SWAT Team But at this base on the high-desert plateau 50 miles southeast of Boise, the Air Force has permanently assigned a total of 55 planes -- F-15 and F-16 fighters, B-52 bombers and KC-135 refueling planes -- in an experiment that planners envision as an airborne SWAT team.
The top tax rate on such gains would stay at 28 percent, while the marginal tax rate on ordinary income would rise to 39.6 percent for high-income taxpayers.
But such an expansion would also add large new costs.
Bevell completed all 14 of his first-half passes and finished 17 of 18 (for 207 yards) to set a Big Ten record for completion percentage (.944), breaking the 1985 record by Michigan's Jim Harbaugh, who completed 12 of 13 passes (.923) against Purdue.
Shawn doesn't carry a weapon.
Of course, it is indisputable that those same qualities serve me well in the job I hold today.
Rather, Democrats at both ends of the Capitol were playing a high-stakes game of chicken, warning that they or others could singlehandedly vote the package down unless someone, somewhere bowed to demands that the package be softened, or toughened or left as is.
"These ceramics were clearly produced in a complex, functioning Maya city," Dr. Leventhal concluded.
Until that momentous night, the irrepressible rhythms of Colombia -- porro, cumbia, mapale, vallenato and gaita -- had rarely, if ever, been heard outside of Latin America.
But for all the debates, polls and prognoses, nobody, at this stage, is entirely clear what the election is all about.
The report has not been made public.
Martin makes space equipment and electronics, information and missile systems, including the Titan radar and military and commercial space launch vehicles and products.
"They say, 'We don't want a car intact.'
Continue cooking, stirring constantly, until mixture dries out and pulls away from the sides of the pan, about 1 minute.
The signing came the day before the deadline for extending contracts so that they won't count against next year's salary cap.
"Let's just go somewhere," Mrs. York pleads.
But still she is silent and so they begin to tell the story for her: "Tell us about ships turned away from shorelines at Easter, placenta in a field.
The others were CS First Boston, Smith Barney Shearson Inc., Paine Webber Inc., Prudential Securities, J. P. Morgan Securities, and Kidder, Peabody & Company.
Between 10 million and 12 million people, about a fifth of the nation's population, are Kurds.
Twice that many more were at risk of dying.
Starks was fined $5,000 for his loss of cool, and he was under intense pressure last night.
"Unless they open up the hunting season more and kill off some of the does, it's not going to get better."
At St. Vincent's, materials that may cross the line are stamped with a disclaimer that reads: "This educational material is not published or necessarily advocated by this institution, and may express positions, opinions or attitudes which are not those, or in conformance with those, of this institution or the Roman Catholic church."
"HISTORIC NEIGHBORHOODS OF FLATBUSH," Brooklyn.
Light pollution does not necessarily block all forms of optical astronomy, and a great old telescope exposed to the lights of Pasadena, Calif., may have gained a new lease on life.
Most incomprehensibly, the result is neither a good throwback in homage to beloved conventions nor attentive to the advances, in staging and in sensibility, of the musical theater form during the last five decades.
Powers said he had given Mr. Steisel a list of aides who would be working on the transition, including himself, Mr. Schwartz and Richard Berman, a partner at the law firm of LeBoeuf Lamb Leiby MacRae.
Under the reorganization plan, various creditors will receive between 15 and 56 cents on the dollar, mostly in securities including new common stock to be issued.
Matched the offer sheet signed by Marvin Washington, defensive lineman, with the Seattle Seahawks.
Alumni have spent millions of dollars fighting the suit, saying coeducation would ruin the college's unique character and Spartan method of producing citizen-soldiers.
Alice E. McLerran, an author in Oregon, said that she chats "essentially every day with a couple of writer friends, and also with my computer 'niece' -- a fictive but very important relationship of several years' duration, going back to Prodigy times."
I said, Lonna, go back to these people and continue the dialogue and tell them, as far as we're concerned, we want to help them.
in the contest of winning defense contracts for its research and teaching programs.
Indeed, the senior Kelchner gave Syracuse nightmares in the first half.
The women know the joke's no joke.
He's provided steady leadership for the entire defense community as it has confronted the inevitable downsizing that accompanied the end of the cold war.
In a statement released through a publicist on Thursday, Seles said: "I wish I could play right now.
He borrowed a Lego building-block set from a colleague with children, using the toy to test new configurations for the outpost.
George Balanchine covered all bases in his two act-version of "A Midsummer Night's Dream," which the New York City Ballet presented on Thursday night with wit and splendid style.
King was scheduled to get X-rays on Friday night, and his status for the Detroit game was uncertain.
*3*** COMPANY REPORTS ** View Full Article in Timesmachine »
When Evans took the snap for the next play the clock stayed frozen at 0:32 as he completed a 6-yard pass to receiver Tim Brown, who was kept out of the end zone by Jets strong safety Brian Washington.
On Tuesday, Tenneco reported that its second-quarter operating earnings more than doubled from a year earlier, even though its net income fell 28.5 percent.
Molten Metal has built a small commercial-scale plant in Fall River, Mass., which is capable of processing up to two tons of waste an hour, and it anticipates testing waste for such potential customers as the Du Pont Company later this year.
Closing Next Weekend "JOEL PERLMAN," Emmerich Gallery, 41 East 57th Street, Manhattan.
He set the building blocks until it was obvious to everyone that separate couldn't be equal.
Mr. Rock was a graduate of City College of New York and earned a master's degree at New York University.
"The crown used to cover this entire area."
The Government continues to wage a fierce war on its eastern border against rebel Karens, members of a Thai-Chinese ethnic group from Kayah State who have been struggling for greater autonomy since Burma gained independence from Britain in 1948.
PARRISH and trained by ANGEL PENNA JR., won her last two starts in Ireland and now has won her first two at Gulfstream Park.
Mr. Howard, 71, is perhaps best known for his harmonious relations with labor unions -- which will own 45 percent of a reorganized T.W.A.
Action on Committees But on Thursday, the Senate Rules Committee voted to cut $4.7 million for 19 committees in 1993.
A dispute over trust funds between Sol Wachtler, the former Chief Judge of New York State, and Joy Silverman, his former lover, bogged down today when two judges declined to hear the case because of their past associations with Mr. Wachtler.
A report in the Chronicle column on Sept. 7 about the 1993 Hugo Awards misspelled the name of the author of the book "A Fire in the Deep," which shared top honors with "Doomsday Book" by Connie Willis, for achievement in science fiction and fantasy.
Such overstatement weakens the author's case.
The same day, Kamieniecki won his 12th straight game at the Stadium in a 3-2 victory over the Royals.
Simsbury H.S.# John J. Girgenti .
The character of the baby was revised to a runaway circus elephant, out of concern that the abandonment theme would be too sensitive for younger readers.
Mr. Milken, who was released eight months ago, is performing three years of community service for an anti-drug organization.
"We're deferring them, and we will reschedule them."
"We don't hold anyone responsible."
Mark D. Gearan, the White House communications director, said: "Nothing is really changed since yesterday.
Tess Cogen, a lawyer, psychotherapist and college professor, died on Thursday at George Washington University Hospital in Washington.
They felt that although this distinctive abnormality could have caused the fainting incident, so could have the combination of factors enunciated by Dr.
And Lu Chen, the 16-year-old from China.
Aqueduct Ready for Racing Aqueduct Race Track will reopen Friday for the first time since last Friday, when the approach of the great snowstorm forced a series of cancellations that wiped out 45 races in five racing dates.
A1 SECOND TRIAL OF OFFICER BEGINS A Hispanic police officer convicted on charges of manslaughter in the deaths of two black men went back on trial, with prosecution and defense lawyers disagreeing sharply on the reasons for his actions.
But none of this foretold the musical leap across time and culture that Mr. Shabalala completed recently on the stage of the Pietermaritzburg City Hall, in the capital of Natal.
Transportation fatalities accounted for 40 percent of job-related deaths, the study found.
Per share earnings were adjusted to reflect a 2-for-1 stock split on Aug. 16, 1993.The company said that it expects to complete the acquisition of MidAmerica Financial Corp. during the first half of 1994 due to unanticipated regulatory delays.
Depending on where you stand on the Sneaker Wars, that addition made it all right, made it pure evil, simply didn't matter at all.
When an electric furnace breaks down and none of these is the cause, call for service.
But it is Mr. Michaels's track record for picking unknown comedy performers and turning them into huge stars that is cited as an important reason for NBC's confidence that the maneuver will work in this case.
George Stephanopoulos, the White House communications director, acknowledged that the Administration, in seeking to persuade drug companies to reduce prices, could threaten to remove their tax advantages for research and development.
Yet there were several developments today that will have an impact on the Knicks' future: *Charles Smith said he had signed a multiyear contract with the Knicks.
In a fiery speech to a supportive Parliament, Mr. Rutskoi, who was appointed by Mr. Yeltsin as head of an anti-corruption commission, assailed the Government for selling off state property and raw materials at bargain prices and for personal gain.
The main tax provisions would raise income tax rates for wealthy individuals and large corporations, impose a fuel tax, increase the portion of Social Security benefits subject to taxation for upper- and middle-income retirees and require the wealthy to pay Medicare taxes on all their earnings, while offering more generous tax breaks to workers who earn less than about $30,000 a year.
The other tracks are used primarily by Long Island Rail Road and NJ Transit trains.
With occupancy rates around 62 percent, down from 70 percent in the late 1980's, the competition for business has become brutal.
The only time the Dolphins broke through was in the third quarter, when Ronnie Lott, the Jets' free safety, let Irving Fryar get by him and catch a touchdown pass on a 65-yard play.
HE sat there perspiring in his purple satin robe with a few purple lumps under his eyes, but Jesse Ferguson was smiling.
But if he were to torch the Rangers to the Stanley Cup quickly enough, even the Paramount honchos wouldn't care what happened later.
And when that is done, he will be all dressed up with no team to play for.
One sack of mail set me straight on the original Hebrew.
You see, they dealt with things that mattered."
On other issues, Mr. Pena endorsed tougher fuel-economy standards, high-speed trains and the use of public pension funds to build and modernize parts of the transportation system.
'Flush Out Greedier Lawyers' Barbara Seaman, a spokeswoman for the Coalition for Family Justice, the group whose complaints about matrimonial lawyers to New York City's Department of Consumer Affairs helped trigger the rules, said such fears were exaggerated.
"I'm from Russia," his would-be customer explained, as she moved on in search of a better bargain.
Pistons' Mills Gets 41 Terry Mills's 3-pointer with 55.6 seconds left finished off a 41-point performance and helped give the Detroit Pistons a 99-95 victory over the Boston Celtics at Auburn Hills, Mich., last night.
"The judge will have to instruct them that no charge of bribery will be submitted to them, but the testimony may be admissible for a different purpose," said Otto G. Obermaier, a former U.S. Attorney for the Southern District of New York who is now a partner at Weil, Gotshal & Manges.
Fortunately, Barbara Reynolds's new book, "Dorothy L. Sayers: Her Life and Soul," stands as a welcome exception.
The rent is pegged at 30 percent of the tenant's income, whether it's a salary or entitlements, and is expected to cover the hotel's operating expenses.
"We have been making a lot of efforts for a long time to put him in a Celtic uniform."
He graduated from Haverford College and received his medical degree from the University of Maryland.
Today it has settled back into the cottage industry where it began, but now with larger, more imposing cottages and superb craftsmen inside them.
"There are certain other stations in the general media, the white media, wherein remarks are made all the time that are seen as racist," he said, adding that on one he had been compared to a washroom attendant.
Record-low yields in taxable money markets -- the funds yielded 3.39 percent on average for the year, according to IBC/Donoghue in Ashland, Mass.
The Board of Education runs workshops for school board candidates, holds candidates nights and distributes candidates' statements, and Mr. Fernandez said he has instructed his staff to be impartial and apolitical on school issues.
For Vince Gill, Dwight Yoakam and Patty Loveless, the recording is a chance to reveal sides of their musical personalities usually precluded by their star status.
It was the most stunning comeback in National Football League history, and, if we are to believe the breathless words spurred and whipped by the media, one of the most remarkable triumphs in sports since David plunked a rock between Goliath's eyes.
Some experts suggest that her chances of being elected are slim, contending that she is unlikely to beat better known opponents, like Andrew J. Stein and Mark Green.
As I already reported to the Politburo, we found many listening devices in our buildings in the U.S.A. We could air this fact in order to reveal American espionage, giving a press conference to demonstrate American espionage surveillance .
The man closely connected with Band Day, Dr. Andrew Randall, a former supervisor of music and art in the schools here -- retired last year, so Joseph J. Stamboni, a music teacher at the Alfred M. Franco Middle School, directed it.
"And if we're organized, someone who's putting together an event can't shop around and try to get someone cheaper or for free," Mr. Forgione added.
[ There was no immediate confirmation of the tentative agreement from Israel. ]
NORTHROP CORP. Los Angeles, received a $187.4 million increase from the Air Force to finance work on its B-2 bomber contract.
"I wasn't real eager to go down there and find out what was going on."
It looks like something from the architects Michael Graves or Aldo Rossi.
Blend the Parmesan cheese and the bread crumbs in a flat dish.
And by 1:30 A.M. Sunday, it had poured over the plant's 17-foot-high levees, throwing the city into a crisis that could last a month or more.
Love's financial problems intensified after she finally (Continued on page 47) decided to pursue a solo career full time.
Stravinsky's ballet music, known now as a concert piece, is no less an amalgam of musical terrorism and natural cataclysm than it was at its first performances in Paris.
Mr. Garcia also told the police that he helped Mr. Camacho wrap the bodies in blankets and take three of them to Brooklyn, Officer McInnis said.
They dispute studies by the charter commission and Mr. Molinari that suggest that Staten Island can secede without large increases in property taxes or devastating cuts in services.
Those who do drink typically have one or fewer a day.
Filling the Seats Mr. Colgan, who is 42, took over the Gate nine years ago, when it was filling only a quarter of its seats.
Yesterday, they closed at $80.75, down $2 each, on the New York Stock Exchange.
Mr. Clinton is already in some trouble for the abandonment of campaign promises, and he will be in far more serious trouble if he starts abandoning Presidential promises.
By the late 18th century, with the mechanization of the English textile industry and French innovations in dyes, mass-produced, colorfast printed cottons became widely available.
"I see the quality of his stuff, I see location, I see consistency," Bosman said.
But so far in the playoffs, comebacks have been the Knicks' specialty.
Murkins use that same sensible practice (we spell practice with a c) when it comes to none.
Why do homosexuals feel compelled to talk about their bedroom activities?
Similarly, Mr. Rudes of Wm.
Japan and Europe will swarm over Mexico like "flies on a June bug" if the U.S. rejects Nafta, President Clinton warned.
The airlines have become more innovative in drawing up wine lists for their first-class and business customers, and in a classic case of trickle-down economics, coach passengers, now limited to mass-produced screw-cap chardonnays and cabernets, may soon reap the benefits enjoyed by their more fortunate fellow passengers.
But it stops short of Helen Frankenthaler's "Orange Mood" (1960), for by then the Color Field painter had gone beyond her initial inspiration, Pollock, and, more important, had abandoned oil for acrylic.
But MacMillan was less interested in plunging the cast into dancing than in distilling the emotional meaning of the fairy-tale spectacle on view.
Staggering the Moves With Tower Two expected to be fully open for tenants by the end of next week, the agency said Tower One, which was more severely damaged by smoke from the blast, would be ready for the first tenants by April 1 at the latest, and probably by Monday, March 29.
Incentives were particularly generous for Ford employees: the $500 that all customers receive plus an $800 employee discount.
(An introduction by Jon Pareles appears on page C1.)
When the door to the Yankees clubhouse opened, their principal owner could be seen settling into a chair next to where the 24-year-old center fielder was sitting at his locker.
"It was their decision, with our concurrence, that no such charges be filed," Yocom said.
The drop in imports reflected a $600 million decline in automotive goods and lesser declines for consumer goods, industrial supplies and capital goods, the report showed.
On major issues like reducing the deficit, the junior Republicans may have to wait years to have real power.
with the Pittsburgh Pirates in 1990 (by 119 points over Bobby Bonilla) and in 1992 (by 72 over Terry Pendleton), but barely lost out to Pendleton the year in between, 274 to 259.
Not far from the laminated portrait of Elvis, high on a shelf in her tumbledown house, sits the only photograph Dorothy Hajdys has of her father, who died in prison when she was 5: a dashing sailor with faraway eyes serving his country in World War II.
But, she added, the film's emphasis on the body's nether parts "is linked to a remarkable delicacy -- and to a pure, fearless sense of purpose that raises 'Leolo' far out of the ordinary."
But Mr. Broadfoot, the consultant, said that while brokers may be discounting politics, "in China, the economy is always second to politics.
It looks like leather and has worked its way into many young Parisian designers' collections since Mr. Colonna started cutting it into unlined jackets and low-slung hip huggers, and put the outfits on sweaty models who looked as if they were having a bad drug trip.
"We have not accomplished what needs to be accomplished.
Jackson said that he was proud to be black and said that his appointment sent a message in this regard.
Report of Imminent Surrender The killing of Mr. Castano came hours after Gustavo Salazar, a lawyer for Mr. Escobar, told reporters that "the final touches" were being put to arrangements for him to surrender.
SPERM whales made New London famous 150 years ago.
Another Revolution: Afro-Cuban Jazz It was with this big band, whose name became the Dizzy Gillespie Orchestra, that Mr. Gillespie created his second revolution in the late 1940's.
But there was a note of fatigue in his voice.
This analysis begins with the three separate sets of rules for mixed-use residences.
Sometimes it was difficult remembering which of the three was white (the Soave) but it frequently didn't matter; lots of little Italian places served the two reds just as cold as the white.
The oracular pronouncements of "Ring Them Bells" (from the 1989 album "Oh Mercy") had an unswerving confidence; the down-but-not-out come-ons of "Ragged and Dirty," the first song, were sly and jaunty.
He wrote in a letter to prospective donors, "We can reform the way we finance election campaigns by enacting fundamental and lasting campaign finance reform."
KEY TO SEASON Baker's renewed faith in Willie McGee could revive the leadoff hitter; Matt Williams might return to playing as he did in 1990 and 1991.
However, as an avid collector of unusual opera recordings, I'm more often in that store for their excellent secondhand LP's.
Langston (12-5) gave up one run and four walks, while striking out five to go 3-0 against Chicago in 1993.
"It is a not so subtle form of corruption in the Adirondacks."
Ms. Baehr had started out as a volunteer for the festival and wound up a paid worker.
National League ATLANTA BRAVES -- Activated Brian Hunter, first baseman, from the 15-day disabled list.
Mr. Dinkins has more or less of a lock on municipal unions and other Democratic regulars, and Mr. Stein is relying on rich businessmen and longtime friends of his family.
Any more spirit and I would have fled, but spas are very personal that way.
There are splendid vistas and the fine-featured Madeleine Stowe as Englishwoman in peril.
The study also called for fellowships and seminars in religious studies for journalists and the development of guides for reporters and editors new to religion news.
Dan Rather, the network's evening news anchor, said Mr. Salant "wrote the book on integrity, ethics and excellence."
The designation as a disaster area is made by the President, a spokesman for the Federal Emergency Management Agency said, and is determined on the basis of the extent of the damage and its economic impact on a community.
"I think it really, really takes a very, very special kind of person to do that."
They plan to marry in St.
Ms. Lyons, a psychology student at the University of California at Los Angeles, who was in New York for the holidays, said that in California, "people use Filofaxes as wallets, with the zip bag in front for money.
In Europe, Claudio Abbado revived his Antoine Vitez production from Vienna for the Royal Opera in London this season, and his Deutsche Grammophon recording tops the British operatic Hit Parade.
Feeling Your Way The second floor focuses on health and medicine.
Operating far beyond the orb of the standard program for the aged, it counsels tenant organizations, provides legal help in Housing Court, markets private houses, runs youth employment and immigrant rights programs and arranges for people to go to college in Ridgewood Bushwick-sponsored programs.
A private funeral for the family and friends of the actress Myrna Loy, who died on Tuesday, will be held at noon tomorrow at the Frank E. Campbell Funeral Chapel, 1076 Madison Avenue, at 81st Street.
It comes down to a question of who we think has a right to be in on our frailties and secrets, and how obliged we feel to set the record straight -- whether for posterity, the ages or a descendant as yet unborn.
Franco Nobili, head of Istituto per la Ricostruzione Industriale, set up by Mussolini and now Italy's biggest employer, was arrested in Rome and charged with corruption.
"Seattle was confused," said Barkley, who scored a playoff-low 12 points.
For decades, the park has been pulled back and forth between environmentalists who want it further protected and residents who say the state owns too much.
The winner was the Latvian Way, centrists bankrolled by a network of youngish entrepreneurs called Club 21.
Maybe they need their eyes examined.
The relatively light food may allow for a dessert attack.
"Far from feeling repressed or held back, I couldn't bear the thought of living anyplace else until I was 14 or 15, when my father died and other circumstances took over.
"You can't win every game at home," he said.
In exchange for wage concessions, the teamsters' union said, members will receive shares of Northwest stock, a provision regarding flight attendants' average salaries and control of three seats on the 15-member board.
He has said the allegations are either false or were taken out of context.
No-Show of Sorts When Nicholls was traded from New York to Edmonton in the Mark Messier deal at the start of last season, he did not report, because he was unwilling to leave his wife.
Page could afford to be gracious.
I was watching one particularly odious character slick back his hair when I heard a thud behind me.
High Acceptance Rate "The retention rate is very high," Mr. Morales added.
The Zulus, says Mr. Woods, deeply fear being dominated by the people Mr. Buthelezi calls "foreigners," non-Zulus like Mr. Mandela.
Ms. Reaux's manager, Herbert Breslin, is offering a reward for anyone who turns up her navy blue chiffon evening gown, or the black satin and velvet one, with or without the matching slippers.
(AP) Senators 6, Nordiques 4: With a last-minute goal at home, Ottawa spared itself the humiliation of the worst record in league history.
They all do, I suppose.
At a preview of the exhibition, Gen. Amir Drori, the director of the Israel Antiquities Authority, said that with the addition of more editors, full publication of the scrolls should be completed in 1997.
But he added, "Everybody was joking today, 'Let's have another bomb.'
Invigorated by Dinkins Many residents who said they supported Mr. Dinkins felt invigorated by his election as New York City's first black Mayor.
It would require President Clinton to modify two conditions he has set in the past: He would have to accept the involvement of American ground troops before the signing of a comprehensive peace treaty, since European countries alone would be unwilling to launch such an ambitious new effort.
People from Intel were too blunt.
"I tell our customers the road to the Indian casino is paved with our tax dollars," he said, lamenting the tax exemptions enjoyed by the tribe.
Refrigerators today use a motor to circulate an environmentally harmful coolant, chlorofluorocarbon.
Was listening to a novel the same as reading one?
My resentment is one thing; for someone who loses his job, it's another.
Completing the Hat Trick Turgeon's second of the night and 26th of the season came 80 seconds after the penalty to Guerin.
Mr. Eckstut has apparently come to feel that there are better ways to light up a path to the future than sleepwalking down memory lane.
The reflections of a leading feminist on self-esteem.
They may not have written their books in tandem, but LEONARD WOLF and his daughter, NAOMI WOLF, will celebrate the publication of their new books together tonight.
The Suez crisis of 1956 was a sign of things to come, and in 1967, renewed war swept away much that he had accomplished.
TESTIFIES A former official of the Bank of Credit and Commerce International testified that Clark M. Clifford and Robert A. Altman participated in a scheme to defraud Federal and state bank regulators.
Sukova said she was unbothered by the rotisserie-strength midday sun that drenched the Center Court throughout their match.
Bombs ripped through two shops in Hyderabad tonight, killing at least 22 people and wounding more than 100, doctors and witnesses said.
But beneath the splendid spectacle there beat a ballet heart, thanks to the performances of Luis Dominguez and Tai Jimenez as the doomed young American Indian lovers.
It's about the obsession with learning, with discovering."
Orsulak's infant son underwent open-heart surgery during the All-Star break and details of his condition have not been released.
"This was an opportunity that presented itself to me that I personally couldn't refuse," she said.
's top 3-point shooting team, were 4 of 23 on long-range shots and hit only 24 of 63 field goals over all.
But manufacturing cannot begin growing strongly, they say, until the Japanese and Germans recover from recessions and start buying more American goods.
North and South Korea also agreed to ban reprocessing of plutonium on the peninsula.
Jumbo Elliott, the big tackle, has back spasms and was out.
By 2 A.M. the gunships began landing at Mogadishu Airport, the sound of their engines vibrating through the air.
And so he had to take his chances and see things through."
Interviews with department officials and experts on hostage negotiations suggested that the incident would also force the department to confront other more disturbing problems, perhaps inherent to policing.
The Americans will come back and say: 'Hey, they don't accept it.
"There are also times you have to explain to parents that their child is not going to get into any Ivy League school, and it's a bitter pill for some parents to swallow.
The Bosnian Government has complained that the embargo places their forces at a disadvantage because Serbs have been able to get weapons, especially heavy artillery, from the Serbian-dominated Yugoslav Army.
Shearings Holidays, Miry Lane, Wigan WN3 4AG England, (942) 824824, fax (942) 824978.
It is as though the country and Congress, in passing Nafta, in passing the Brady bill requiring a waiting period to buy handguns and in applauding Mr. Clinton's decision to stress trade with Asia and Latin America as much as with Europe, has resolved that the status quo has finally become intolerable.
New Jersey wasted no time putting Washington away.
Answer: I'd like to know about obstacles in people's careers and how they overcame them.
For years, said the Israeli political theorist Yaron Ezrahi, Israeli leaders from Golda Meir to Yitzhak Shamir drew from the Holocaust the pessimistic lesson that the only way Jews could survive in the post-Holocaust world, given the tragedy they experienced, was by relying on their swords.
A rosy outlook by Mr. Coen, who has been tracking ad spending trends since 1948, is not surprising.
Along with unaccompanied throat singing, the concert included songs accompanied by the byzaanchi (a banjolike lute), the igil (a three-stringed fiddle), percussion (including a rattle made from a bull testicle and the ankle bones of sheep) and a six-stringed guitar.
The company said it hoped to develop a new system in which small screens would be wired into the backs of the Met's 3,800 seats, instead of the conventional system that uses a projection strip above the stage.
The Atlanta-based beverage concern plans to stock both classic Coca-Cola and diet Coke in the new bottle on shelves across the country soon.
He certainly does not want to write anything that might inhibit his returning to Government, he said.
Officials of the Organization of American States said that a number of their human rights monitors in the country have been harassed by armed men in recent days.
-------------------- A FIRST FOR WOMEN LYNNWOOD, Wash., Oct. 30 (AP) -- Dallas Malloy, a 16-year-old high school dropout from Bellingham, Wash., won the first sanctioned female boxing match in the United States last night.
The plan, which had not been seen by the Mayor, is almost identical to one offered by the city to Mr. Steinbrenner six years ago, and would be the most substantial overture to counter what city and state officials believe is a longstanding informal invitation from the New Jersey Sports and Exposition Authority to lure the Yankees across the Hudson with a $250 million ball park and lucrative financial guarantees.
About 100 firefighters battled the blaze for an hour before bringing it under control.
So when the EMI Records Group and the superstar purple dinosaur held a news conference last week in Manhattan to talk about his debut album, "Barney's Favorites, Vol.
A long out brought in the run and the Marlins lost, 2-1, and the crowd booed Harvey like real fans.
This one issue can be found, essentially, about a mile or so west on Wilshire Boulevard.
Unlike most banks, which mainly make loans, most of Bankers Trust's interest income is related to its bond trading.
But Mr. Giuliani's support from many gay voters has been hurt by his refusal to support wholeheartedly a number of issues dear to advocates for gay causes, including extending health benefits.
Last night, at an emotional service attended by about 300 people at Morrisania Baptist Church, Bishop Elvin Crone implored Mrs. Johnson's family and friends not to let her death be in vain.
It ties in with Nike's efforts to portray itself as a sports and fitness company, rather than just a sneakers and T-shirt manufacturer.
After tonight, the Garden boxing department will be dissolved.
Both artists have a strong enough personal style to carry the energy of their ritual-based religious art over into work that, like that seen at the Queens Museum, is intended for a secular Western market.
Though gambling since a youngster at racetracks and other games, Mr. Tose insists he never bet on football in the 16 years he owned the Eagles.
The shell casings came from two types of guns, suggesting that at least two killers had invaded the sixth-floor apartment where three members of one family and three residents of other apartments were slain.
I know I'll be there."
The bomb yesterday went off in the hands of David Gelernter, the 38-year-old director of undergraduate studies in computer science at Yale.
"I think this election shows that there is room in New York for sensible, moderate Republicans," Mr. Millard said.
More radical cheek from the philosopher, theologian, mythologist, explorer, pirate, warrior, witch, fairy and leprechaun who gave us "Gyn/Ecology."
The recent selloff in the market, which has pushed the yield on the 30-year bond back to 6 percent, is a reflection of fears that the economy will be strong enough to put upward pressure on consumer prices.
But when we get affordable tools, we're going to learn a lot more about how to think and manage in three-dimensional space.
Better times are ahead, we are told, but the signals are mixed.
He hoped, he said, to make the 20-year mark next year.
Are there ways to detect such an enormous weapon before it goes off?
Managers knew of improprieties as early as 1986, when they learned Mr. Storaska purchased $1 million in bonds for a client without authorization.
b-Net lossLatest period's results were after payment of preferred dividends.
Sharing Lessons Learned As a 16-year-old girl at the shelter described her history of sexual abuse by her father and stepfather, she drew geometric figures in a notebook and chewed on a fingernail.
"My father thinks I probably won't be able to handle it," he said quietly.
He asked the public to follow Mr. Denny's example, but the lead prosecutor, Deputy District Attorney Janet Moore, said the seven other victims who testified in the case felt betrayed.
On a 15-year mortgage, the payments start going toward principal far earlier.
But her dazzling show, which shattered box-office records, failed to generate sales of a best-of album.
The poll, conducted by the Times Mirror Center for the People and the Press, was the first survey of doctors that dealt with current proposals on health care.
He took me with him on house calls.
Dr. Ernest B. Howard, a retired executive for the American Medical Association, died on Friday at the Northwest Community Care Center in Arlington Heights, Ill.
The war and sanctions have made Mr. Raznatovic, ostensible operator of an ice cream parlor, one of the richest men in Serbia, known in this shattered economy for handing out German hundred-mark notes as tips.
The two leading causes of teen-age pregnancy are said to be poverty and poor academic performance.
On the Commodity Exchange in New York, gold bullion for current delivery settled at $327.00, off 30 cents an ounce from Thursday.
That solution is a news media free of the influences of the entrenched and enriched.
While he was talking, a weary-looking man with a shopping cart wheeled in an eighth computer.
"No one is obliged to see house No.
Mr. Giuliani, The Times said, has presented himself as "a man of hard attitudes, volatile temperament and variable judgment."
At dusk today, 150 Muslims fleeing Croatian units in Vitez were sheltered in the garrison established by a British armored unit, and Captain Smart said the British force had reports that 700 Croatian civilians were fleeing on foot toward Vitez from villages around Zenica.
Without the after-tax charge, operating results would have shown an improvement, the company said.
Some critics of the weapons industry say that even if growing numbers of women and members of minorities are rising to the top echelons of the armed services, their success is not reflected in the numbers appointed to top corporate positions and boards.
The opposition has been calling for early elections.
"The cycles are just too vicious."
The questions ranged from what she would do about controversial arts projects that have already been financed, like one in California that gave out $10 bills to illegal immigrants, to what her definition of art is.
As the inaugural production of Steppenwolf's new studio theater space, upstairs from its main theater, the play is set in 1904 at a Parisian cafe, the Lapin Agile, where Pablo Picasso and Albert Einstein engage each other and several passers-by in discussions about art, relativity and the like.
There was a scene where I had only a piece of celery and a strawberry on my plate.
She saw it as an escape.
Admission $4.30, students half price.
"Everyone was making mistakes today for some reason."
On Bosnia: "I'm more hawkish than Bush was.
Several Republican state senators and Assembly members, who would presumably be responsible for enacting the plan -- cutting taxes by $1.2 billion over three years -- expressed dismay that after revealing her long-awaited plan on Tuesday, the Whitman campaign seemed to let the subject drop.
The committee recommended no changes in most corporate and commercial taxes because it said increases in those taxes could drive more companies from New York.
The job cuts will be the third round of layoffs at Amdahl this year.
This was his second Oscar.
The stained relationship was shown most recently during the strike by American Airlines' flight attendants.
*3*** COMPANY REPORTS ** View Full Article in Timesmachine »
The attacks came 24 hours after nine people, including four children and their teacher, were killed by shelling.
Energy experts said a broad energy tax would hurt the Midwest most because it gets much of its energy from coal and utilities that burn coal, which might face the highest tax increases.
Indeed, the economic restructuring begun in 1978 by Mr. Deng, the nation's senior leader, initially created a more equal society.
Among the ideas are a movie studio, retail store, recreation center, theater, housing or transit police headquarters, art gallery or performing arts center.
He emphasized that he would speak out on the merits and not the politics of the trade pact, insisted that his ability to control others' votes had been exaggerated and maintained, "I bring to this one vote."
He also paid a $100,000 fine related to the billing and record-keeping charges.
The Pentagon still lists some 2,200 servicemen as formally unaccounted for, though it presumes that more than half of these actually died during the war.
Kitt in the lead and virtually assured of victory.
Rabbi Avis Miller officiated at the Historic Car Barn, a catering hall in Washington.
The company, which is based in Montreal and provides telephone and other communications services to 6.5 million business and residential customers in Ontario, Quebec and the eastern Arctic, said it planned to cut its work force by 10 percent, or 5,000 people, in the next few months.
James Cameron's director's cut of his film about a force from the deep is enhanced by a plot expansion and a series of 2,000-foot-high waves.
A4 National A10-19 CLINTON REBUFFS A.M.A.
Under the 11-year agreement, Compaq and the Stone (Group) Corporation are to manufacture desktop personal computers and printed circuit boards in Stone plants in the special economic zone of Shenzhen, across the border from Hong Kong.
But he reached the quarterfinals at Wimbledon, where he was the defending champion, and extended Michael Chang, the eventual winner, to three sets in the semifinals of the ATP Championships on Sunday.
Finally, after countless diets and humiliations in exercise classes geared to the sleek, Powter started walking 30 minutes a day.
A Federal jury has cleared three Freeport police officers accused of using excessive force when they arrested a woman for disorderly conduct in 1990.
Thousands had been laid off or sent home on forced vacations, receiving 80 percent of their salaries.
Murray said he would pay the $140 million fee for the St. Louis franchise.
First, Mr. Schneider, who had met with Mr. Sage in the driveway two days earlier, reneged on his promise for a second meeting.
"They don't need me to say that over and over," he said.
Mr. Leonard, along with Mr. Guthman, his brother Stephen F. Guthman and another executive, Barry Belardinelli, pleaded guilty in July to one count of conspiracy.
"I talked and talked, but I wasn't listening and I wasn't keeping a sense of balance and appropriateness with my children.
Mr. Shonekan, in turn, had been appointed by the military less than three months ago after the outgoing President, Gen. Ibrahim Babangida, voided an election in June that would have replaced military rule with a civilian government chosen by the people.
Tatham Euro RSCG in Chicago has filed a Federal lawsuit against a former client, Celestial Seasonings of Boulder, Colo., charging breach of contract.
For being a basketball coach one year, then running a baseball team the next year, I'm very proud of my son-in-law."
In odd moments -- on planes, while waiting for people -- I made lists that spawned lists.
"I'm never satisfied with how well I play, because we didn't reach our goal," Sims said.
I steady the wheel and say, "No, all white people aren't racists, but sometimes they're scared, and that may look a lot the same."
"There is no need for more."
"They said they couldn't help me," Mrs. T. said.
In addition, Mr. Clinton has found it hard to concentrate on domestic objectives when foreign crises like those in Russia and Bosnia keep crowding in on the Oval Office.
Approximate nutritional analysis per serving: 266 calories, 18 grams fat, 95 milligrams cholesterol, 51 milligrams sodium, 3 grams protein, 24 grams carbohydrate.
Of course I spent the maximum I was allowed.
Mr. Swoboda said his group might challenge bank charter applications in response.
State Senator Franz S. Leichter, a Manhattan Democrat, has long criticized the economics of the 42d Street project as a needless public subsidy.
Among the projects under development is NBC Desktop News, a joint effort of I.B.M., NBC and the NuMedia Corporation, to provide news and specialized information on personal computers.
"We should not be used as an excuse for adequate or inadequate actions taken by the international community.
The initial test was a ninth-grade minimum skills exam that consisted of two sections: math and language arts.
Mr. Bentsen seemed to rule out a tax on gasoline alone and spoke of the benefits of a "broad-based" energy tax.
Susan Cheever was brought to Yaddo as a child by her father "and I thought it was awful," she said.
-------------------- Bush and Mitterrand Agree PARIS, Jan. 3 (Special to The New York Times) -- President Bush and President Francois Mitterrand said today that they had agreed on the military means to stop Serbian flights over Bosnia, but they ruled out any decision on armed intervention until the Geneva talks are concluded.
But third-world countries like Indonesia say otherwise, claiming that human rights vary in place and time, and that enforcement is "the competence and responsibility of each government."
At first glance, it looks like Bankers Trust is moving back into the loan business, but it's not true.
Once near a target, the terrain-matching system, called Tercom, hands off to an optical sensor that takes over.
The youngsters had walked half a mile from their school to the auditorium at Leonardo da Vinci Intermediate School 61 in Corona for the rehearsal, said John Falco, deputy superintendent for District 24, Queens.
They answered back: 'We're saving lives, sir!'
The President has an obligation to be clear about that.
Ms. Garcia, who is keeping her name, is a senior regulatory lawyer for the MCI Communications Corporation in Washington.
Though tensions have eased somewhat in recent weeks, some people remain uncomfortable with the bitterness unleashed in a suburb that had considered itself tolerant.
Most men dry-clean their suits too often.
At that moment on the tape, when the beating appears to be over the arrest about to be completed, Officer Briseno, who has not delivered any blows, steps forward and delivers a single hard stomp to the back or neck of Mr. King, causing him to jerk reflexively.
A December wedding is planned.
"This was always like an oasis," said Fred Carrero, who has lived on Powell Street for the last 16 years.
single for the winning run in the seventh.
"I hope you realize that physics and mathematics are part of our everyday lives, including affecting things so simple as toys."
"There were a few 'yes's' and a lot of 'no's," said Jerry Aquilino, a member of the mailer's union.
The terms of the deal were not disclosed.
On the way south, he had an epileptic fit while driving.
Gorana Flaker: They can't go home again.
"If he didn't have to leave the locked office to pump gas, this most likely would not have happened," Mr. Gragnano said.
It was settling with the teachers first in the last round of bargaining that helped get Mr. Dinkins in trouble.
More recently, he returned to public television as a reporter and commentator for KTRK.
And besides, she was a black woman with a Hispanic surname.
The cost of waging a modern campaign on television far outpaces the raising of spending limits, said Dr. Alexander, director of the Citizens Research Council at the University of Southern California.
Timing, Lawyer Argues Mr. Einhorn said that the company, like other employers, had used the Federal pension law in arguing that it was not required to pay for Mr. Vining's treatments.
These men have designed two of a dozen new children's gardens at River Farm, the 26-acre estate in Alexandria, Va., that once belonged to George Washington (the first President owned 8,000 acres along the Potomac River) and that is now the headquarters for the American Horticultural Society.
1 Business Digest 35 Arts/Entertainment 9-14, 45 Brenda Russell at Bottom Line.
Stan Belinda pitched a perfect ninth for his 18th save, matching his career high.
There are everyday recipes as well, including good ones like kale and white bean soup, potato kugel, and Lithuanian cabbage and noodles.
"We get along good in this house; we talk through our problems every day," said a 16-year-old girl who sleeps on a couch in the crowded studio she shares with a young man who is clinically depressed, his brother who has refused treatment for skin cancer and a young woman who until recently had been living in her car.
We are convinced that the report is motivated to support short selling."
His father is the chairman of the Supertek Group, a diversified manufacturing and theme-park design company based in Seoul, South Korea.
You don't live in a hospital."
CAL POLY-SLO -- Fired Lyle Setencich, football coach.
column on Dec. 5 there is the suggestion that the Bronx cheer was given that name because of disapproving noises made by audiences in a Bronx theater.
All tours are given Tuesday through Saturday year round; it is best to call first (202-456-7041), as they are occasionally canceled for events taking place inside.
The theatrical version of "Jacob's Room" currently on display is the latest of the work's several incarnations.
The fifth-floor grill has window seats high above the Seine.
One, a 1986 recording by Ernest Bour and the soprano Stefania Woytowicz (who, actually, sings on all but the Nonesuch disk), was used as the soundtrack for "Police," a film starring Gerard Depardieu.
Musical Stew at the Kitchen WEDNESDAY -- The Kitchen, the multimedia arts center in Chelsea, is holding an 8 P.M. fund-raising cocktail reception and performance.
They were very talkative, not upset."
"I told him I had been trying to persuade the people on the Trade Policy Review Group," Mr. Madigan recalled.
There are potential dangers in Rio but certainly no more so than in New York, Rome or Madrid.
Tower East, Third Avenue at 71st Street, Manhattan.
But so far there has been no visible evacuation undertaken by foreigners, although tourism has been way down.
Adrian drives to the southern tip of Texas and the Rio Grande Valley, ending up in Downsville, a town so graphically symptomatic of everything he finds grotesque about the modern world that he decides to stay for a while, to sketch what he sees: "green Dumpsters, gasoline stations, Movieland Video and Mister Donut."
Like a kind of Hungarian Mr. Spock, he was logical to the point of insanity.
In a routine Jets season, about 17 percent of the fans -- one in six -- never show up.
Yet Ellen really doesn't understand the society that appears to offer her comfort.
They must dramatize the relationship between the personal and the public life, between the pressures of reality and the importunity of visionary truth.
Gordon Boelzner conducted at just the right speed.
But she had not intended to become a writer.
"If our enrollment numbers were off by double digits, someone here would be attributing it to the incident last year and the bad publicity we got from it," he said.
Earnings for 1992 fell 6 percent, to almost $2 billion, after a series of accounting charges.
In addition, the radio station WNYC will salute Ireland with a series of programs this week.
This is achieved by demolishing the existing side walls to a height about level with the ground and then capping them with a smooth layer of concrete about two inches thick.
No self-respecting politician travels without backup cars filled with bodyguards.
The last is Willie Russell's musical that is now at the Music Box Theater on Broadway after its debut at the Downtown Cabaret in 1988.
And Mr. Aobaidy, the center's director, who is himself an artist and has long gray hair in the style of Salvador Dali, insisted that there was no pressure on artists to turn out portraits of the leader.
The artists spent $500 of that on supplies including formal receipts signed by the immigrants, an expense that the endowment did not challenge.
They are "blind" because they do not break through to the surface, and scientists cannot see them directly.
Berkeley has been successful, he says, largely because the city has a much more homogenous community with a common liberal bent and large numbers of people have agreed to participate in the program.
He had become eligible at midnight tonight and worked with the Longhorns for the first time since he withdrew from school in August and admitted himself to the John Lucas Center in August.
DENVER BRONCOS -- Promoted Charlie Waters, secondary coach, to defensive coordinator.
The group surveys officials buying supplies for large companies.
"There are always happy faces out there," he said in a recent interview, looking toward the most prized possession among his 33 rides: the No.
The breech has since widened with Mr. Farrakhan's attacks on established black political figures, including his one-time ally, Mr. Jackson, and Benjamin F. Chavis Jr., executive director of the National Association for the Advancement of Colored People, both of whom he criticized for not inviting him to the civil rights march in Washington last August.
Ms. James ran for re-election but was defeated.
But he is expected to incorporate portions of it into his Jan. 5 State of the State address.
The bounty will go to Mr. Farrell and his partners, Ted Gardner and the William Morris Agency; bands get a flat fee.
In Dr. Williams's scheme, your cynicism -- to say nothing of your skepticism -- already looms large.
He writes: "Does comparing relative returns among generally similar funds over extended periods suggest skilled portfolio managers can be identified in advance?
And of course there were all kinds of jackets and trousers.
Those who work in a children's hospital know that it, like any institution, provides less than an optimal environment in which to raise a child.
Mr. McGinniss's book, making little original effort to find out "what really happened," becomes just another on that mammoth mountain of books, magazine articles, movies, docudramas, gossip columns, reports, counter-reports, trials, leaks and whispers under which is buried all plausible hope of discovering "what really happened."
For toddlers, a backpack-style carrier would work better than a stroller.
Steinbrenner always has been a closet manager.
"The best thing about the house was the view outside the windows."
He said another advantage in the study was that laterality was established by direct interviews with the subjects.
Her father, who retired as a vice president of SmithKline Beecham in Philadelphia, is the director of national accounts in the human health division of Merck in West Point, Pa.
" Coming from Cy Vance, a man of understatement, those were strong words: a cry of pain at the fact that the United States and its European allies have now essentially accepted the result of ethnic cleansing.
's authority, the officers will have to confront the hostility of Islamic fundamentalists who oppose the accord with Israel.
Two years ago, he quit his large, rich parish in Moscow, made his way by train, bus and foot to his grandfather's church deep in the forests and bogs of the upper Volga valley, picked up a broom and started sweeping out the decades of debris and neglect.
The offense isn't that hard to grasp."
Tim Keegan of the Coast Guard.
But Hitchcock was a studio contract director in the days when much film material was adapted from plays.
Until now, Syria's Government-controlled press has reported developments surrounding the Israeli-P.L.O.
GASCOGNE, 158 Eighth Avenue, between 17th and 18th Streets, Chelsea, (212) 675-6564.
Each camera will have a custom-printed carton displaying the pre-burned picture and the name of the team.
The Crucial Arab Precincts "Do I say we have to wipe out the Dome of the Rock?"
The Russian arms exports in particular rankle Washington even though they are down sharply from cold-war days and appear to have little ideological motivation.
Thousands of people walk the route daily, and a shopping mall would save them a two-mile shopping trip into George.
There will also be a comedy series, presented by HBO and Comedy Central, sponsored by Toyota; several JVC Jazz Festival concerts; a Young Choreographers, Dancers and Composers series, and classical concerts presented by WNCN-FM.
When the plant is shut, less power is available for the Power Authority's customers, which include the subways, commuter rail lines, dozens of government agencies and many industries that the state subsidizes with low-cost power.
Rather, it is the burden a dysfunctional home life and community places on that child before or during the school years that makes education difficult or impossible.
You would have said, 'No way, that wouldn't play in Peoria.'
He pulled out a gun and shot the dog.
On the diagramed deal from a major British event he held the South cards and was headed for catastrophe.
So last Tuesday, Mr. Steffen resigned.
"I don't ever want to become complacent."
He was student body president in junior high and high school and at U.C.L.A.
"A lot of the old industrial structures are obsolete," said Robert Skildesky, a professor of political economy at Warwick University in England.
Slapping the steering wheel of her aged Volvo as she drives to a Planned Parenthood clinic, Stewart laughs sharply in exasperation.
Rudolph W. Giuliani, the former United States Attorney who ran against Mr. Dinkins in 1989 and expects to be his Republican challenger again in November, called the panel "a farce, a joke."
Fresh herbs enhance any basic dressing, like this recipe based on cornmeal.
The workshops this year took place from July 4 to 13.
The most recent survey sampled 2,770 working mothers who described child-care arrangements in the fall of 1991 for 4,631 children.
WHEN the computer industry gets a cold, the semiconductor industry gets pneumonia -- or so goes the old cliche of investors in technology stocks.
How about borrowing a page from pro basketball and instituting a delay clock between pitches, plays and innings?
11:30 P.M. Information: (212) 288-2520.
The briefs didn't come out the way we suggested.
To others, they represent a certain lack of steel.
Onto the National Stage Even Mr. Dole didn't get the treatment -- or the huge standing ovation -- afforded the newest Republican star: Senator Kay Bailey Hutchison of Texas, who trounced her Democratic rival with two-thirds of the vote in a special election last month.
In 1989, the last year of Communist rule, more than 35,000 children were born in Brandenburg.
In the statement released late yesterday, the Air Force said it appeared that the left wing failed at a load limit of about 145 percent.
The desire for independence also grew out of hatred and bitterness.
"Because I have confidence in the truth emerging eventually."
The number of people released from the compound now totals 23 children, three women and three men, including the two who came out tonight.
Yet this is also a time of ferment for arts education.
Children also receive hearing and vision tests.
By almost every measure, the electorate was narrowly divided, though starkly polarized along racial lines.
For example, Jin Soo Kim's three-room installation involves accumulations of rusted window counterweights, a wounded tailor's dummy, bandaged chairs and rusted wire wrapped in gauze dipped in plaster -- the overall effect being a mournful, overly tasteful suggestion of human absence.
This is the time when we stand at the side of the road and watch time pass us by.
The women will appear today at 3 P.M. at Young Israel of Westport, 420 Post Road West in Westport.
It originally covered virtually all apartments.
But Mr. Mays cut off the visits after five sessions, contending that they were disruptive to Kimberly and that her grades were slipping.
Indeed, the fear of the auxiliary policemen known as "attaches" is such that the man, like a number of Haitians, refused to give his name.
She was briefly married to Steve Curry, another actor in the cast.
"I think I'll play in the Midget League two more years, and that will be it," she said.
He said that they had not had outside food aid for two months and that the two wells that were their only sources of water were in areas threatened by sniper fire.
Bosio is owed $11.75 million for the next three years.
Yes, Oscar De La Hoya pulled out of tonight's return of the sweet science to the Paramount, the arena alongside Madison Square Garden.
One placard read: "Start II is Bush's final knot in the noose."
Pretax earnings, hurt by a special restructuring charge, plunged 90 percent.
We're going to be competitive this year.
Rankings reflect sales figures, for the week ending May 29, at 3,050 bookstores plus wholesalers serving 28,000 other retailers (gift shops, department stores, newsstands, supermarkets), statistically weighted to represent sales in all such outlets nationwide.
But the package could raise fears that he isn't serious about taming the long-term deficit.
"I've seen a woman totally lose it because she couldn't get the poodle's hair to fluff the way it was supposed to.
She listened to her skates, she said.
The fare is 75 cents.
City Councilwoman Suzanne Sareini, a Muslim of Lebanese descent, says that she has not encountered animosity because of her ethnicity or religion.
Others dismiss the idea of waiting until 1994 completely.
Her mother, who has had several operations on her legs, looks after her three boys, but is too infirm to chase after them.
The school, when C. M. Newton coached there, had recruited McCaffrey out of high school, but could not divert McCaffrey's attention from Duke.
Football National Football League GREEN BAY PACKERS -- Waived Shawn Collins, wide receiver.
Sprinkle with the cumin, flour, baking powder, salt and pepper, and stir to blend.
SAN FRANCISCO GIANTS -- Agreed to terms with Matt Williams, third baseman, on a five-year contract.
The callers were nearly as enthusiastic about the products, and that was odd because they hadn't had the opportunity to use any of them yet.
In a telephone conversation with President Clinton today, their first since violence erupted in Moscow, Mr. Yeltsin renewed his pledge to hold free parliamentary elections on Dec. 12 and "to proceed resolutely on political and economic reform," a White House spokesman said.
Officials will not say if the tapes show conclusively who fired at the agents or set the fire.
A14 A sex scandal touches a Catholic Archbishop in New Mexico.A12 Education Page B8 Academic freedom in conflict with religious identity at Brigham Young.
If that appears unlikely to work, they could claim that their perceptions were twisted by Mr. Koresh, who is thought to have died in the fire.
Although Mrs. Gresser mentioned the resolution the following morning when Mrs. Shulman phoned, Mrs. Shulman did not at first realize that it meant that Mrs. Gresser had, in effect, already cast her vote.
Cedars by a Waterfall Few even ventured over to the north side of 50th Street, where two magnificent blue atlas cedars snake over an arbor by a waterfall and a rock garden that looks as if it has been there a hundred years.
The emphasis on ferry service is a result of the High-Speed Ferry Task Force appointed by Gov.
Asked if Oakley had been contacted by the league to give his version of the incident, Thorn said: "Our security department left three messages on his machine.
The April weakness further demonstrated that March's widely reported gloom could not be brushed aside as just the product of winter storms.
Our oversight and appropriations committees in Congress will be fully informed in detail, of course, as we develop our plans.
Other licenses will be awarded to other companies on a national, regional and local basis -- probably through auctions -- but only Mtel is assured of receiving one.
Though final arrangements are not yet complete, it is expected that the entire London cast -- the same cast that appeared earlier in Toronto: 2 Canadians and 18 Americans, including Chita Rivera in the title role -- will be coming to New York.
At 6 foot 10 inches, Hillman is at least tied for the lead in one major league category: height.
Then, after the three voice votes had been completed, Mr. Mitchell got unanimous consent to put the nominations of seven Cabinet officers and four other top-level officials on the calendar.
50% Total applied for .
This is because all costs associated with the enterprise are deductible.
"It was made out of those plastic collars they use to hold together six-packs of beer," he said.
"The critical issue here is that we in the defense business must learn to assess the needs of the market and match those needs with the appropriate technology," he said.
"Nothing accomplishes those things better than a truck."
's outstanding young sluggers, said he thought the American had better hitters and better power hitters than the National.
Attempts to solicit help from the Chilean Government were rebuffed.
Is there a sense of whistling past a graveyard in the dark?
He had two steals during a two-minute span of the thrid quarter that led to fast-break dunks for the Knicks.
The current contract, which covers about 50,000 auto workers in Canada, expires at 11:59 P.M. on Sept. 14, after running for three years.
Sound bites suggesting that her commitment to abortion rights is something less than unwavering have been the inevitable result.
"There were cars everywhere," she said.
Dr. Sietsema is the pronunciation editor at Merriam-Webster Inc., the company that publishes all those dictionaries and reference books.
The Japanese offer relates to 770 products, and 90 percent of the tariffs on them would be cut to zero.
But some experts consider that estimate to be high.
"But I don't say it is full-handed."
And with winning the French, they want to hone in on Seles's No.
But in the current case, G.M.
They arrived with the zealous looks of hunters on the first day of deer season.
This is standard practice in United States law enforcement.
"We just add it onto the end of the school year, another 10 days or two weeks.
Leadership in organizing the current Parliament was taken five years by local Hindus, Buddhists, Bahais and Zoroastrians as well as some sympathetic Christians.
(AP) Zarley and Betley Tied Kermit Zarley ended a nine-way tie in the middle of the second round and went on to equal the tournament record with an eight-under-par 64 for a share of the lead with Bob Betley in the $750,000 PGA Bank of Boston Senior Classic in Concord, Mass.
Doubts About Other Cases Admiral Reason's decision raises doubts about the strength of the cases against four other officers the Navy intends to put on trial in the scandal, in which scores of women were assaulted at the 1991 convention in Las Vegas, Nev. Lawyers for the other four officers are all expected to ask Captain Vest to disqualify Captain Williams from their cases and have another Navy prosecutor reconsider the charges against their clients as well.
Mr. Reischauer's office has taken a similar action, and so has President Clinton's Council of Economic Advisers.
Because this is a Fellini film, there is a perfectly good, movie-making explanation for all this.
The move appeared to have been prompted by the Clinton Administration's policy statement on the war in Bosnia.
The bank's chief economist, Satish Jha, said without a capital increase, future lending would be cut, affecting Asia's poorest countries.
"Since the hurricane, the most depressing thing has been to see all the debris piling up," said Mrs. Rodriguez, who grew up in Queens and moved to Homestead hoping to find a calmer, safer way of life.
And the company says it plans to create glasses that plug in to laptop computers, so that a passenger could work on his computer without the bored person in the adjacent seat reading the screen over his shoulder.
But, she added, women "want to believe" that mammograms will help them.
Pepsi's refusal to pay spawned fury thoughout the country, with rioting outside Pepsi plants, bombing and the torching of more than 30 Pepsi delivery trucks.
Whittle does not transmit Channel One to Hawaii and Alaska.
Two other crew members were reported missing from the tanker, which was carrying 23,000 tons of unleaded gasoline and a crew of 36 when the collision took place at 5:30 A.M., 12 miles off this resort area, officials said.
Because dissent involves nervy choices, it is the best preparation for capitalism.
"I'm well aware of some of the recent media exposure of minority representation in the front offices of sports teams," Harris said.
The Cowboys' previous highest-paid player was Emmitt Smith, the running back whose new contract will pay him $13.6 million over four years, or $3.4 million a year.
Among other restrictions, the properties cannot be principal residences, and the new property must be identified within 45 days of the old property's sale.
"This has been very acrimonious," she said, "and I have no illusion that in 30 days anyone could repair the damage in this case."
But so far, he has not raised a dime.
Tom said, "They just couldn't take a joke."
But people don't play games with the Buildings Department the way they did before."
Would it be blasphemy to wonder if they are happy that Jordan is no longer their savior, night in, night out?
Faith in the People "President Yeltsin has called for a national plebiscite to resolve the constitutional impasse," Mr. Christopher said, referring to the referendum that Mr. Yeltsin announced on Saturday for April 25 in which the Russian people will have the opportunity to endorse Mr. Yeltsin's program and call for a new constitution and a new Parliament.
The Giants won't have the services of Anderson, the most valuable player in Super Bowl XXV and the National Football League's eighth-leading careerrusher with 10,273 yards.
I can't be Chris Evert."
The concerts are at 8 P.M., with a pre-concert recital at 7 P.M. Tickets: $17, $25, $35.
The price of natural gas, which all states regulate at the distribution level, is steadier than that of heating oil.
When he dresses up in leopard skins for the ferocious ritual war dances that are part of a Zulu politician's job, he also wears his gold-rimmed spectacles and a black turtleneck.
High Popularity Ratings But it is not yet clear which tack the church will take.
Joe Camel, who appears in advertising for R. J. Reynolds's Camel cigarettes, has aroused the ire of many people who contend that cartoon character is used to help turn youngsters into smokers.
Among them are such older masters as John Gutmann, Wright Morris and Marion Post Wolcott, as well as younger photographers like Roger Minick and Richard Misrach.
The annual selling rate for trucks in mid-April last year was 3.9 million.
Mr. Cerezo's reported statements, or "indiscretions," as the Mexican newspapers called them, made their way to Mexico by Thursday and prompted trading of nearly 40 million shares, half the value of the Bolsa's trading that day.
He offers simple maxims -- resist peer pressure, avoid inflammatory language, walk away from danger -- but youngsters respond to them.
One setting for this is the parent-child workshops overseen by Muriel Silberstein-Storfer, who has taught at the Met since 1972.
Confidence From Some But others say the concerns can be handled.
"This period of time, and probably the next seven, nine months are going to be very hard," Israel's Police Minister, Moshe Shahal, said today.
Talent and Design When Minter speaks of dealing with the run, he means all the variations: One is the basic handoff to a tailback or fullback.
I felt displaced and alienated.
Now a bereaved Michael Jordan will hold a conference there, this time without his father to stand by his side.
My kingdom for a horse?
Well, that was part of that era.
Art Binder, the chief of detectives in Cumberland County, said that it was not unusual for Jordan, who often traveled by car on business, to be away several days before telephoning.
It's a depressingly banal story.
The pinnacle of Bernstein's Mahler symphonies on record.
The old pro went for a bundle in his next round, and when he saw McGee in the locker room afterward he pointed a finger at him and said, "You got me!"
Hundreds of New York City children are using public day-care centers with fire hazards, according to engineers in the office of the Brooklyn Borough President, Howard Golden.
But he has really put the Rome Opera on the map."
Dinkins Got 90% in 1989 Four years ago, 90 percent of the vote in this census tract -- No.
As Mr. von Sonnenburg implies, the condition of a work may be what matters in principle, but in practice it is only the first among many subjective considerations.
The most traditional approach would be to list all the endorsements they have when they introduce the bill in the next few days, so long as they are certain they have a respectable number.
They just started valet parking at the drugstore."
Chris Offutt: Troubles rise as the water drops.
And they seem alone in comprehending how the West's premature, German-driven recognition of Bosnia-Herzegovina and Croatia gave those self-serving leaders fuel for the flames of the Serb people's nationalist and religious fears.
Poll: More Believe Perot In the latest sign of political trouble for the pact, the Cable News Network and Time magazine released a telephone poll this afternoon showing that only 25 percent of the 800 respondents believed the Clinton Administration's contention that the agreement would create jobs, while 63 percent believed Mr. Perot's claims that it would destroy jobs.
"They feel the disparity," a senior Western diplomat said, "and Start is part of the problem.
The first sign of life was a flock of shaggy sheep in a stone corral, being milked by women in Tibetan dress: some wore their hair in loops of multiple thin braids.
Praise for Cadrez And then there was the defense.
Acknowledging tacitly that political power in Guatemala has spread, the businessmen also consulted Indian leaders and unionists, university rectors and newspaper editors.
Mr. Danson may be playing a simple variation on his "Cheers" character, but it's something he does with supreme courtliness and style.
Wayne won most of the personal matchups and contributed a goal and two assists to help the Los Angeles Kings to a 4-3 victory before a crowd of 21,536 at the Thunderdome in St. Petersburg, Fla. "I tried my best," the younger Gretzky said.
The Nynex-Viacom talks resumed only recently, he said, after Viacom announced its $8.2 billion bid for Paramount.
The imagery of the base outweighs the function of the table.
Markets Stocks were subdued after two straight declines but closed modestly higher.
The stack effect can cause upper floors to be filled with smoke very quickly.
"The Congress has become a hellish machine of destruction of civic peace and political stability in Russia," he said.
In the final days of his Presidency, George Bush is conducting an all-out war.
Here, with the distant World Trade Center towers fringing the background, there are lots of the tall, pure-white egrets on stiltlike legs to be seen foraging for food.
About the most vicious thing that Che is able to toss at Evita is the fact that she was a high-priced whore who literally slept her way into political power.
"I'd like to have the money they're making.
I guess he wasn't sure I was out of bounds."
It not only discredits the offender but debases communication by eroding public trust.
"If you're doing what the headlines suggest, you're certainly not the first one doing it," Mr. Phillips said.
If Tillman stays hot, he stays in.
Call 432-1234 for reservations or more information.
Most of the cost savings are the result of a $1.1 billion bond refinancing at current lower interest rates, which should cut the borrowing costs of the authority by $370 million over the life of the bonds.
But with institutional traders already investing billions in strategies designed to capture profits from price fluctuations, Wall Street analysts said yesterday that the new product -- if it works -- could attract even more capital to the nation's stock markets.
It is in the process of raising $30 million in private contributions and is to receive a matching amount from the Government's Millennium Fund.
The story of Hanukkah told with music and dance; featuring Mark DeGarmo and Dancers.
He states, for example, that the Modern Library edition of Edgar Allan Poe includes three poems "inadvertently left out of" the Library of America's "Poe: Poetry and Tales."
But the defense lawyers, who presented their oral arguments for the appeal on Feb. 15, failed to question her parents on the issue and so waived the right to appeal it, the court ruled.
"Let us make a Vance-Owen Mark 2."
But Mr. Jucha has given it a free-flowing, choreographic production; if only he had a text to go with his concept.
And this takes place in the open, not behind curtains as in the United States, and is a response to Mexico's long history of electoral fraud.
Buffalo was celebrating one of sports' most historic comebacks.
"Another guy who'd had elbow surgery.
But her statements were harshly challenged on the spot by a standby juror -- the only alternate who did not take part in the deliberations -- who called the outcome "a sad day in America."
Two volumes of Mr. Nicklaus's poetry were published: "The Man Who Bit the Sun" (1964) and "Cut of Noon" (1971).
Euro Disney will incur substantial further losses for the current fiscal year and will need to raise more money.
You then learn, often later than sooner, that he's connected to a wife -- though the link is fraying.
And it seems certain that rather than returning to political stability, Ms. Bhutto's plurality victory insures more uncertainty for a country with desperate social and economic problems.
Stir in the salt and pepper to taste.
Operating profits, at $126 million, were 13.8 percent lower than in the fourth quarter of 1991, primarily because nonrecurring items had a favorable effect on the previous report, the company said.
The 400-room Hyatt Regency Buffalo, (716) 856-1234 or (800) 233-1234, fax (716) 852-6157, Two Fountain Plaza, occupies the former 16-story Genesee office building.
After all, we are a Euro-Asian state."
So why do they go after certain people?
The suit describes those investments as "entirely imprudent."
"He would spend his paycheck, then he'd borrow money from the others and never pay it back."
There was his selection in the 69th round of the draft, late and done mostly as a favor to Manager Tommy Lasorda of the Dodgers.
Devil His Due outran Bertrando in the $500,000 Philip H. Iselin Handicap today in their continuing duel for racing's highest honors.
But the new procedure has angered many contractors, and one of them has filed a legal challenge to block it.
The bomb, placed at the home of a half-Hispanic, half-Asian Posse member, caused damage but apparently no injuries, court papers say.
"The kids played hard tonight and they played well," said P. J. Carlesimo, the Pirates' head coach.
The Quaker Oats Company of Chicago said yesterday that it was considering whether to keep the account of its newly acquired Chico-San rice cakes brand at Leo Burnett U.S.A. of Chicago, which has handled the account under Chico-San's previous owner, the H. J. Heinz Company.
Some players may feel the heavy is coming back, the guy with the whip.
I had wanted to step down sooner.
Held the dual role for two years before assuming full-time coaching duties in 1972.
Nearly two-thirds of the extra workers found jobs, but about a third did not, and as a result the ranks of the jobless swelled by 269,000, the biggest increase in 16 months.
He suspects that the killers were hired by the Joint Afghan Relief Organization (JARO), a group beyond suspicion in the eyes of the world.
Still, others believe the carnage on the train had a much more profound effect on Long Islanders' sensibilities than some are willing to acknowledge.
James Madison 87, Rutgers 76 Kent Culuko scored a career-high 42 points and James Madison built a 42-27 halftime lead en route to trouncing Rutgers (3-4) in Harrisonburg, Va. James Madison (4-3) tied the score at 21 with 8:15 remaining in the first half on a 3-pointer from Culuko at the top of the key.
Delaware: Biden (D) Yes; Roth (R) Yes.
When power to the heating element is turned off, the steam bubble disappears and the springs, horizontal bars attached to the piston's crossbar, pull the piston back into its cavity to start another cycle.
Dinkins Changed His Mind Mayor Dinkins canceled the city's first legal needle exchange program shortly after taking office.
The fourth-quarter fall in hardware sales, down 20 percent, reflects not only the technological shift to small but powerful computers, but also the weakness of economies like Europe and Japan, where demand for I.B.M.
Carbon monoxide is a poison; the other two pollutants, together with bright sunlight, are the ingredients of smog.
What makes choosing sides difficult is that the outlooks are not very different.
Dr. Hafstad was born in Minneapolis, the son of Norwegian immigrants.
The real crime of Malice Green was that he affronted power, he didn't obey."
Furthermore, the poetry editors don't even give you a peer review and critique.
Stubborn Reporters Sometimes, even when editors say "Get out," stubborn reporters stay, as Sydney Schanberg, who was then of this paper, did in Cambodia when the Khmer Rouge swept in.
The Federal Government is not the only party at risk when companies neglect the finances of their pension plans.
But MacDonald said the two sides had agreed to disagree.
The two share some similarities: both are California natives and divorced fathers with an interest in urbane contemporary writing.
The effort, by senior aides to Mr. Giuliani and by 40 committees and subcommittees, is driven by Mr. Giuliani's campaign pledge to cut the size of government, as well as his need to address a budget gap that has been estimated to reach to $2 billion in the next fiscal year.
Its designs appeared to match some of the charred reliefs left by the fire.
And with the kind of limited applications and user interface they have this year, they'll basically prove that they shouldn't spend the money.
Mr. Gaffney now supports a plan to remove asbestos only from the lower floors of the building and to renovate those areas while sealing off the upper floors against drifting asbestos fibers.
D23 Harold J. Rome, composer.
Take the case of the 400 workers who lost their jobs when Stroehmann's shut down its Taystee Bread bakery in Queens seven months ago.
The survey posed questions about religion: "Have you been raised with any religious training?"
Japanese executives, however, said today that if the strong yen did cut into foreign sales, it might force the Government of Prime Minister Kiichi Miyazawa to adopt a large-scale plan to stimulate the economy, a move he had been resisting.
'Jihad' More Than 'Holy War' This generation of Islamic fundamentalists have embraced the concept of "jihad," or struggle, and emphasized its meaning as violent warfare.
The only way to prevent this is to find a cool spot to keep your plant at night during the budding and flowering period.
According to biographical material Mr. Pike has collected, General Quang had been a member of North Vietnam's central military party committee since 1961.
RICHARD D. FRIEDMAN Prof. of Law, University of Michigan Ann Arbor, Mich., Aug. 19, 1993
The owners of JFJ Bronco Winery were awarded $2.5 million for financial damages the winery suffered when Glen Ellen Winery terminated a six-year business relationship.
"He made the recommendation," said Virginia Crawley, the town's treasurer.
"We won 40 games in the last four years," said Chiefs Coach Marty Schottenheimer.
And now, Bonilla seems to many to be intent on proving he is smarter than the rest of New York or tougher than it -- or both.
Florio, first seen on a television set talking in a 1989 campaign interview and then as a stern, tight-lipped figure in a photorgraph that remains on the screen.
What "Chicano Art: Resistance and Affirmation" shares with the Whitney show, unfortunately, is a catalogue clogged with the all-purpose theoretical language of the academic establishment.
"It's not a play, and it's not a one-woman show," Ms. Rivers said.
Left in Retreat But for all of May 1968's profoundeffect on France and beyond, the 25th anniversary of the student movement has gone almost unnoticed here.
From the river itself the flooding looks strangely peaceful, the destruction on the other side of the tree line safely obscured.
of Human Resources of Oregon v. Smith) and it is invalid unless it is justified by a compelling interest and is narrowly tailored to advance that interest.
Dehere set the record with 7:07 to go in the first half on a 3-point shot, a change that was not introduced in the conference until two seasons after Mullin's senior season in 1985.
Letters A. M. Rosenthal: Those three words.
BABY OF THE FAMILY By Tina McElroy Ansa.
In criminal cases, proof beyond a reasonable doubt is needed to convict.
There was no immediate word of the specific focus of the investigation against him, but under Italian law, Mafia association is a serious crime.
David (Lobster) Lien, whose nickname refers to one of his favorite dishes, was arrested on Tuesday evening at a grocery store on Elizabeth Street in Chinatown that is run by his family, the police said.
Hope for Textbooks In 1990, she and the other associate director, Elisabeth Axel, began research for the book and were impressed by Dr. Kennedy's work.
Kehoe said: "One in 10, but if you're the one.
's advertisements cannot be questioned, after all, they are based entirely upon the Clinton health care reform proposal as made public."
Yesterday, The Post staff sought to ignore his control, as managers he had laid off returned to work.
"The space industry is going through a difficult time in the public eye right now because of a streak of bad luck," said Kent Black, executive vice president and chief operating officer of the Rockwell International Corporation, NASA's largest contractor, which received $1.8 billion from the agency in the 1992 fiscal year.
By themselves those reports, along with Mr. Rota's accusation, wouldn't justify depriving Mr. Rostenkowski of his chairmanship -- or President Clinton of the Congressman's talents.
A graduate of Temple University, he earned a master's degree in music at Indiana University, where he studied with Margaret Harshaw.
He did not say when or where Mr. Meier had been convicted.
Griffey hit his 23d home run against Paul Gibson in the eighth.
Few ideas about how to do so have even been discussed.
Now, with the observations getting under way, the project is killed."
His proposals include raising the quality and skill levels of jobs in private industry.
Sound view, 19- by 90-ft. lot; taxes $1,900 (Broker: Jacquelene Kyle Kall) Riverdale $63,000 2736 Independence Avenue (Mark Chester) 2-bedroom, 1-bath, 925-sq.-ft. postwar co-op; dining area, remodeled kitchen and bath; maintenance $527, 50% tax-deductible (Broker: Marilyn & Morris B. Sopher) BROOKLYN Boerum Hill $350,000 249 Dean Street 2-family, 4-story brick house; 6 bedrooms, 3 baths, double parlor, dining room, 4 fireplaces in owner's triplex; 1 bedroom, 1 bath, dining area in garden rental; 21- by 100-ft. lot; taxes $2,587 (Broker: Cobble Heights Realty) Brighton Beach $225,000 8 Brighton 4th Terrace 4-family semi-attached brick house; 2 bedrooms in three units; 1 bedroom in other; eat-in kitchen, 1 bath in each; finished basement, 26 1/2- by 100-ft. lot; taxes $1,500 (Broker: Jacob Gold Realty) Windsor Terrace $313,000 27 Prospect Park South West 2-family house; 4 bedrooms, 1 1/2 baths, double parlor, dining room in primary unit; 2 bedrooms, 1 bath in other; 19- by 85-ft. lot; taxes $1,400 (Broker: Warren Lewis Realty) QUEENS Astoria $280,000 27-20 27th Street 2-family detached frame house; dining room in upper unit; 3 bedrooms, 1 bath, eat-in kitchen in each; finished basement, 2-car garage, 25- by 100-ft. lot; taxes $1,678 (Broker: Century 21/Tri-Boro Terrace Real Estate) Jackson Heights $225,000 25-58 84th Street 5-bedroom, 3-bath, one-family detached Tudor; dining room, fireplace, finished basement, 2-car garage, 40- by 100-ft. lot; taxes $1,200 (Broker: Kremer Real Estate) STATEN ISLAND Heartland Village $65,000 154 Richmond Hill Road (Honey Bee) 2-bedroom, 1-bath, 808-sq.-ft. condo in a 7-year-old building; dining area, utility room, pool and clubhouse; common charge $88, taxes $899 (Broker: Salmon Real Estate) Westerleigh $160,000 283 Clinton B. Fiske Avenue 3-bedroom, 1 1/2-bath, one-family dteached colonial; dining room, sun porch, 1-car garage, 40- by 75-ft. lot; taxes $1,306 (Broker: Coldwell Banker/DeSimone Realty)
Fish from both oceans mingle chummily, water being water and all that.
Lest anyone think big sugar is an impoverished industry set upon by overbearing regulators, let's review the subsidies the sugar companies in Florida receive: * The Federal sugar import quota program costs the American consumer more than $1 billion each year.
On Wednesday, a separate craft and song workshop for children 4 to 6 will be held at 1 P.M.
I didn't know what was happening until I saw Broadway and Seventh Avenue awash in multicolored bits of paper; the show was over, but the streets were still barricaded.
We haven't been so worried since the radon scare.
As the crowd of 13,954 cheered, Starks walked to the locker room with an embarrassed smile on his face.
And you've got to live with yourself."
The changes in the income tax rates are retroactive to Jan. 1, 1993.
Alan Parker's film portrays the fortunes of students at the High School for the Performing Arts in New York.
Mr. Robbins, a native of the Bronx, graduated from St. Joseph's Seminary and College in Yonkers.
Manhattan East Suite Hotels, which operates nine hotels, has kitchens in most of its rooms, making it attractive for longer-term stays.
In trading in the secondary market, the price of the 6.25 percent 30-year bond slipped 4/32 as the yield, which moves in the opposite direction, rose to 6.16 percent, from 6.15 percent on Monday.
Somewhat inconsistently, given the frequency with which directors cross over from theater to opera, the Theater Meeting avoids opera.
Mr. and Mrs. Dow, both 24, graduated from Cornell University.
Their songs are country, using three-chord structures and ambling-to-honky-tonk tempos; Mr. Gilmore's current single is a version of Hank Williams's "I'm So Lonesome I Could Cry."
She returned to New York and exhibited her antique textiles at the Anderson Galleries in 1925.
He accused them of lacking hunger, desire and professionalism.
"It's an attempt to reintroduce the licensing laws of the 17th century," which criminalized the publication of treasonable, seditious or blasphemous books.
Advertising revenue has fallen sharply, forcing the company to cut costs.
Mr. Carter devoted most of his commencement address to global conflicts.
Although Lemieux will not comment publicly on his condition until tomorrow at a news conference in Pittsburgh, Reich said that Lemieux was convinced he would defeat this curable disease.
A gunman on a bicycle wounded two pedestrians during a ride-by shooting in Harlem last night, the police said.
The museum, which is housed in the 1908 Warburg Mansion, has doubled its exhibition space to 22,000 square feet, added a cafe and enlarged its gift shop.
In the funniest moment, an aside from the main narrative, Ms. Dibbell does a withering parody of Audrey Hepburn rehearsing a scene from Lillian Hellman's play "The Children's Hour."
A festive and even historic occasion ends up with an unsightly smudge.
The Meeting House Inn in Aquebogue will offer hors d'oeuvres on the outdoor deck overlooking the vineyards on July 2, when a poet and performer from Boulder, Colo., Anne Waldman, reads her works.
Thus, Short decided to sacrifice a pawn with 23 g4!?
(000 omitted in dollar figures) 3-Mo.
Detective Trancucci struggled for the gun, said Sergeant McCluskey, and was shot in his left shoulder.
These Indians are sometimes a touch too squeaky clean, on occasion looking and sounding like recent graduates from a tony prep school.
Many analysts fear this could either cripple the process or result in far less interest by Brazilian and international businesses.
There must be a natural fit between a job and the ethics, background, finances and talents of a nominee.
The reminiscences of the former director of the Metropolitan Museum of Art.
I would not assume that people would think that, well, you did it just for blind ambition or sheer ego.
"My record is terrible," said Ray C. Chaney, 39, a distribution and window clerk.
The law's proponents hope children will also start wearing helmets when they're on rollerskates, skateboards and even Big Wheels.
However, some improvements needn't wait.
While Mr. Givenchy is not opening up any fashion frontiers, he makes clothes that give a woman confidence.
Ms. Stewart is the one who goes to the post office.
They agree that Mr. Malone's position at the new Bell Atlantic -- as billionaire vice chairman, strategist and cable programming boss with five board seats under his control -- will beat the drudgery Mr. Smith faces in running the phone service and the broader corporation.
The Rangers had offered Palmeiro $26.5 million for five years, but he rejected it, asking instead for $32.5 million.
Witnesses said Ms. Yeo was shot after she had lowered her hands, he added, suggesting that the gunman had not shot on impulse.
Neither it nor Southland is commenting, but there is reason to doubt that Southland would be worth the price to which the shares have been bid.
He announced his retirement earlier this year.
The heads are shipped to Texas, where aspiring cowboys use them to practice lasso roping.
That itself may be significant, but there's little evidence he forever lamented the loss.
Mr. Wynn had pledged to invest $700 million in casino and entertainment complexes in Bridgeport and Hartford and to create 22,000 new jobs in a state battered by recession and cuts in military production.
Ustashe Defender Appointed Under the Croatian Constitution, Mr. Tudjman has the right to appoint five people to seats in Parliament, and one of his appointees was Vinko Nikolic, who was an official in the Ustashe Education Ministry.
Although still a relatively small share of the total cost of health coverage for New Yorkers, they now are starting to soar and are likely to keep climbing.
Accompanied by Oklahoma law-enforcement officials, the 30-year-old inmate left a prison in McAlester, Okla., on Friday and arrived at 8:30 P.M. at Sing Sing prison in Ossining, N.Y., where he had been held before he was transferred to Oklahoma.
With this victory the Russian has passed the halfway mark to win the $1.43 million prize.
We've got to encourage an interest in science.
But in the first and last movements, where the blues influence is most overt, Mr. Bolcom stretches the form's harmonic confines, moving gradually toward an atonal emotional peak then back to the blues.
Friday will mark her 16th consecutive appearance in the meet, in which she first competed in the mile relay at age 14.
The others would effectively be gubernatorial appointments.
Though the idea enjoyed a modest chic among some policy analysts, it was not until Mr. Clinton's Presidential campaign that it moved toward political maturation.
Some developers grow rich; others, trapped by the recession, go bankrupt.
He plans to begin M.B.A. studies at M.I.T.
Bears defensive end Richard Dent was the main guy pounding on Simms.
"But my mother is a mother, and when she heard I was doing this part she actually found people in Virginia -- where she lives -- who do practice this and were willing to videotape it in their home."
Some embraced the peace plan warmly.
Financial analysts said the buyback would prop up the price of Times Company stock, which closed at $23.625 yesterday, and help to assure that shareholders in Affliated Publications, the parent of The Boston Globe, would support the deal.
"The guys weren't going to allow them to get into the game."
"The beeper makes her feel better," he says.
*3*** COMPANY REPORTS ** View Full Article in Timesmachine »
She has a large brood of loving, noisy children, the oldest being the nubile (and unfortunately pregnant) Silvia (Penelope Cruz).
He makes the team so much better."
Al Gore, when he was running for Vice President.
"We're all in his corner.
Cutting taxes with no corresponding reductions -- you've got $1.5 billion in the hole.
Twenty-four students from two high schools on Friday were scrambling to resurrect their trips after Mrs. Jeffries disappeared with more than $20,000, officials said.
And like Mr. Fisher, the other two soon took pains to tell the public just what a mess they had inherited.
Continuing the memoirs of the Yorkshire veterinarian.
The opening was only like bad static.
Back then, Mr. Browne embodied a post-hippie dreamer sadly contemplating the distance between and the utopian ideals of the rock counterculture and the grubby realities of the Me Decade.
Both communities concede that they co-exist independently.
'Technical Clarifications' "We are working to finish the technical clarifications on the bill," Ms. Romash added.
Metro Digest B1 CORRUPTION IN THE SCHOOLS An investigator for New York City's schools called for the removal or disciplining of four board members in a South Bronx district after releasing a scathing report on patronage in the district.
"It was a great loss," said Taylor.
He was suspended in June 1991 as a result of the threats.
The public seems happy enough with the idea of keeping Americans out of foreign conflicts, so long as it doesn't look like wimpishness.
The Viennese component at the Norwalk Concert Hall begins with Mozart's "Magic Flute" overture and winds up with Strauss: Johann Sr.'s "Radetzky March" and Johann Jr.'s waltzes, the "Blue Danube" and "Tales From the Vienna Woods."
"I heard what sounded like a huge blast of dynamite," Mr. Berberich said yesterday, standing near his work site.
Senator J. Bennett Johnston, the Louisiana Democrat who heads the energy committee, would say little about the nomination.
More promising was the volume of activity.
Each of the four Federal banking agencies -- the Fed, the Office of the Comptroller of Currency, the Federal Deposit Insurance Corporation, and the Office of Thrift Supervision -- regulates certain financial institutions, depending on the form of the bank or savings association.
It has been more than 36 months since the stock market has dropped by more than 10 percent, the general benchmark for a significant correction.
Paul Wylie, winner of the silver medal at the 1992 Winter Games, was the most recent of Lussi's students to earn an Olympic medal.
The museum is at George and Hamilton Streets.
Mr. Gribbin is more hardheaded than that.
said Jon G. Murray, the president of the society, which is based in Austin, Tex.
Schreiner called his partner back and asked him to file a complaint.
"I don't think so, because the case was over for me," Mr. Horrigan replied.
Several of these pieces already incorporate photographs as dim presences in dark, allusive composites of broken glass, stained fabric, pearls and colored thread.
Thus a rainy day weekend in Florida will find the industrial designer Morison Cousins, Earl Tupper's alter ego, in his kitchen, engaged in the passionate art of madeleine-baking.
The judges included Jean-Paul Gaultier, France's leading avant-garde designer, who is credited with discovering the academy's most notorious graduate, Martin Margiela.
They were divided up and given assignments throughout the Cambodian countryside, including areas of the northwest close to Khmer Rouge strongholds.
How did the haughty crinoline crumple?
Tonight, the President and Mrs. Bush ate dinner with Billy Graham, the evangelist, and Robert Koch, their son-in-law.
WHEN the chairman of the science department at Herricks High School, Leonard Giordano, explained his proposal to change the curriculum to the 30 teachers, parents, administrators and students gathered at the Herricks Community Center, they listened attentively to his reasoning.
These prices are in line with other strategic, networked applications, and Acrobat has the potential to pay for itself rather quickly by eliminating the need to print paper documents or send documents by express courier, or even regular mail ("snail mail," as the Postal Service is charmingly called by computer aficionados).
New Deadline in Russia The Russian and Moscow governments ordered legislative leaders to evacuate Parliament and surrender all arms by Monday.
The car we were supposed to have was a sedan."
People can floss their teeth once a day, or three times a day; they can be gay or they can be straight.
"Over the last 10 years, everything that could go wrong for the municipal market did," said Daniel Keating, head of municipal finance at Bear Stearns.
Ms. Tyson also acknowledged that deficit-reduction plans often slow growth, but she said the drop in interest rates would more than offset this.
11 10 WAITING TO EXHALE, by Terry McMillan.
After lengthy talks on Thursday night with President Izetbegovic, the mediators appeared optimistic.
In fact, Whitman went to considerable pains to disguise his homosexuality, as a reading of his poems shows, and readers and critics of the time did not recognize his homosexuality.
The new intelligence assessment has important implications for efforts by the Clinton Administration to persuade North Korea to open its nuclear sites to international inspectors and abandon its nuclear program.
The culture's taste runs heavily to black Frankensteins.
In addition, it simply places Lam's work in the diverse company of the art of his time, allowing viewers to compare and contrast and draw their own conclusions.
"Oh," she coos, "she looked just great."
He was an associate dean and then assistant to the president of the University of Colorado.
Officers in the neighborhood had emotions that ranged from anger to sadness about the death of Officer Williamson.
Further, Mr. McKean said, they were sociable and came from stable, loving families.
Report Is Due June 1 Tese, who also serves as the state's director of economic development, stressed that he was speaking only for himself.
Public schools say administrators say they are already overburdened.
It was 11:07, the next campaign stop was scheduled for noon in East Hanover and once again Mr. Edwards interrupted himself to give Mr. Labonak instructions.
Jack Nicholson said, "I feel excellent because I'm looking good."
Boston College The key game in the Big East finds the Eagles playing Virginia Tech, for the first time, at Chestnut Hill, Mass.
All you need are about two pounds of fresh fish bones, with the heads but with the gills removed.
"Even when I was in the modeling industry, all of my friends -- male models, people in the industry -- said: 'Fab, you're wasting your time here.
"Opposition politicians here have tried to blame the Socialist Government for the fiasco," said Mr. Eguidazu, the Economy Ministry official, "but there was no official means to control these investments.
He is the first forward on the ice when the Devils are a man short and when the Devils try to protect a lead late in the game.
Over the past year, they have tirelessly stalked the stages of New York in works as different as "Angels in America," "Marisol," "Pterodactyls" and "The Twilight of the Golds," reflecting and enhancing millenarian jitters in their audiences.
* Ellen Abramowitz was named advertising director at Sassy magazine, New York, succeeding Steven Levitt, who left.
At a news conference, Mr. Rabin responded to a United States Central Intelligence Agency report in Washington suggesting that over the last decade, Israel had sold several billion dollars worth of arms and military technology to China.
"For an advanced country, this is embarrassing," he told two Americans lingering over coffee in his sunny office one afternoon.
What was good listening then makes good reading now.
That compared with a 4.3 percent increase, to $670.9 million, for the entire category.
It seemed more like miles.
They, too, have a big league partner: Britain's RTZ Corporation P.L.C., through its subsidiary, the Kennecott Corporation of Salt Lake City.
Ms. Sarnoff suggested finding a dealer with "an esthetic and personality that you like."
With little more than a month to campaign, the groups could do little more than try to stamp their image on voters through television statements or advertisements.
'You remind me -- what's the name of that English King?'
They all face the park -- there's no view, but the warthogs feast on the lawn outside your window.
Despite the fear, he said the church has an obligation to take a visible stand.
Later, he served as a legislator, holding office from 1984 to 1987.
"I better be good, because I don't want to spend another day in hell."
26 A HISTORY OF NEGLECT Katie Beers disappeared almost two weeks ago, just before her 10th birthday.
"I'm not one of these geezers who always votes no, but I'll vote no as long as I feel there's too much waste."
The singer Bobby McFerrin came out and sang by himself; he told the President that "there are no sitcom, 30-minute solutions to problems."
He struck out his first two times up today, then sauntered to the plate in the sixth inning after Scarsone's base hit and popped out in foul ground beyond third base.
Cows graze, tractors trundle, the late-afternoon sun casts long shadows.
It had to leave Buck Showalter with a sour taste in his mouth.
At the close of trading, the Nikkei index of 225 issues had gained 142.46 points, or 0.69 percent, to 20,675.84.
The villa is more than a home.
"John Birt's style of management has been described as Stalinist and pseudo-Leninist," Mark Tully, a veteran foreign correspondent for BBC News, said in a speech over the summer, criticizing the director-general as having created a climate of fear.
"It changes people's expectations," John E. Silvia, the chief economist for the Kemper Mutual Funds in Chicago, said.
To them, the goals the President outlined at a post-inauguration staff meeting at Camp David, the Presidential retreat, all look like part of a master plan.
"And the marginal difference in our operating budget to maintain an extra acre or two is not significant."
1 candidate for the Chicago job shortly after Ditka was fired on Jan. 5.
On Wednesday, they are to install an entirely new piece of equipment with precisely shaped mirrors designed to correct for focusing problems in the light entering the remaining three of the Hubble's observing instruments.
Senior Justice Department officials have said that they wanted to examine files on the land deal that were removed from the White House office of Vincent W. Foster Jr., a longtime friend and aide of the Clintons, after he killed himself in July.
Since July the school, which literally sits in the shadow of Mr. Robertson's Christian Broadcasting Network, has gone through three -- by some counts, four -- deans.
Mr. Pressac, 49, was once a "revisionist" himself, a follower of Robert Faurisson, a French historian who says Nazi gas chambers never existed.
Kenya backed away from its call for the immediate expulsion of 400,000 refugees, most of them Somalis, and reassured United Nations officials that no forcible action would be taken, a United Nations official said today.
John McMillan, an American who helped doctors in selecting people for the flights, said that a crowd led by 30 war amputees rushed the barbed-wire fence, imploring officials to permit them to leave.
Would they have been as enthusiastic if Alexander had played Leona Helmsley, Judith Exner or Lillian Hellman in a TV movie instead of Mrs.
"I just kind of played my kind of golf."
The Forest Service, which is run by the Agriculture Department, has announced a plan to end these so-called below-cost sales as part of the President's package.
"I want them to leave me alone," Syntychia replied.
American officials also seemed eager to calm the hostility that hovered around the traffc intersection.
Four restaurants found to be especially helpful for those contemplating a trip abroad were Il Tulipano and Orlando's in Huntington, La Viola of Cedarhurst and I Santi in Water Mill.
Performances: today at 8 P.M.; tomorrow at 2 and 8 P.M.; Sunday at 3 P.M.
"I've come a long way.
Suspension in Effect The suspension of political parties and newspapers that were accused of having supported Parliament leaders in their armed rebellion last week still remains in effect, even after the Government halted a brief effort to censor mainstream newspapers.
It is sad that the Met Guild's Education Department, involved in so many worthy projects, would actually believe that the operatic tradition could be revived by commissioning works from artists who, rather than approaching opera with a lifetime of interest and study, treat it as a novelty.
But the efforts to educate people about leprosy and treat the disease, which today is curable, remain paltry.
"The sanction is too harsh," the lawyer, Joseph O. Giaimo, said.
"He's always been, for black players, someone to look up to and someone who says, 'You can do it; it doesn't matter where you come from or how you look,' " said Zina Garrison-Jackson, a black woman from Houston who is a prominent tennis competitor.
Noticing the tears, a nurse asked her if she was scheduled for an abortion.
On Dec. 3, the 11th day at sea, the group managed to tie their boat to some buoys in water near Cay Lobos, one of the southernmost islands in the Bahamas chain.
More families need two-earner couples to survive, he said, and more separated, divorced and unmarried women have to make ends meet on their own.
Mr. Esposito became the prime suspect in the case shortly after Katie disappeared when investigators discovered that he had been charged with sexually abusing a 7-year-old boy in Nassau County in the 1970's.
You may be interested in art, maybe you like loud guitar.
The tractor-trailer rig was carrying steel coils and traveling along a service road parallel to the tracks before it tried to cross and was hit, said Lieut.
Coach Bruce Coslet said he was surprised by the defensive breakdowns.
"It's simple, quick, cheap and a highly effective way of taking the spa experience home."
A regular weekly poll by ABC and Money magazine showed a sharp deterioration in confidence immediately after the budget vote on Aug. 6.
Signed for $15,000 as an 18-year-old free agent in 1988, Hutton decided to play baseball instead of Australian rules football, and it has proved to be a shrewd move.
And then John Belushi died here.
Those fees run $2 a month or more, and are normally tacked on top of the monthly fee.
But since the fire, she has been hesitant to show her face in public.
I would substitute it for my parenthetical 'transmitted' if I could only decide between modemed and modemmed ."
The people I take the books from say thank you.
The timetable for closing the other two hospitals -- Willard in the Finger Lakes region and Kings Park on Long Island -- is still being negotiated.
According to the police, she kept the toddlers calm and entertained all day Thursday before putting them to sleep, and repeated that performance Friday.
Mr. Pickett proceeds to analyze the score of "L'Orfeo," showing how each of these musical palettes might have been brought to bear on certain passages, even particular phrases, to convey the meaning through musical symbolism.
Now the verb to vet means "to search for weaknesses or flaws"; the noun vet continues to mean "animal doctor," but the noun for the person who does the vetting preparatory to clearance of a nominee for public office or candidate for any job is a vetter .
The city, Ms. Bryson said, did not believe in roadside monitoring as a substitute for cleaner new cars, but she added, "We subscribe to the theory you do have to have at a minimum some kind of audit program."
Typically, 8 to 12 people attend each service.
We lucked out with two essential cruise ingredients -- good food and affable tablemates.
Lowell P. Weicker Jr., in a State of the State speech that focused almost entirely on the deep racial divisions in Connecticut's public schools, today urged legislators and local school leaders to begin a voluntary integration effort that would give urban and suburban districts roughly equal racial mixes by the 1999-2000 school year.
But it never stays that way, said Mr. Plummer, the president of the co-op board for 53 West 87th Street.
Some seats for the awards banquet, held from 4 P.M. to 6 P.M., are available to the public at $25 a ticket.
Second-seeded Georgetown (21-6), which came into the tournament with a nine-game winning streak, led by as much as 13 points midway through the first half.
But France closed the railroad in 1970 for lack of use.
The selection of the Rouse Company of Columbia, Md., is a step toward making the city less dependent on its casinos and developing it as a broader vacation and convention destination.
Mason said he never thought about asking to come out of the game.
NOAA-13, built by the Martin Marietta Corporation, was to have been launched in June, but was delayed repeatedly by scheduling conflicts and equipment failures.
Releasing such a vast array of species means that "at any time you could be inserting into Chesapeake Bay or Long Island Sound or Puget Sound a brand new parasite or predator that could decimate fisheries," said Dr. Carlton.
The city's layout and density do not help, but one of the biggest problems may be that it is filled with New Yorkers.
She misses the music more than anything else, she said, although she still does her daily ballet barre exercises.
Such changes could break Russia's budget, the report said, and if there isn't enough money for the army and the social needs of its soldiers, "irritation in military circles might emerge that is not in the interests of the political or military leadership of Russia or the country in general."
The angry person knows without a doubt he is alive.
Tickets, $275, from (212) 879-9779.
Bad as it was, then, yesterday's loss almost came as a relief for Young, who was forced to hold his post-game news conference in Dallas Green's office because media attendance was so large.
In the current atmosphere that may seem less a blessing than a curse, with the home picketing, threatening phone calls and harassment that have been the lot of some doctors who perform abortions.
'He Took Charge' "I liked the way he handled the pitchers," said Michael.
The movie's funniest scene is an excerpt from a "Saturday Night Live" appearance, in which Tosh is joined by Mick Jagger, who ungraciously hogs the spotlight with a ludicrous flapping and prancing routine.
"There's no risk of misunderstanding him."
More, he said, as his marriage approaches -- arranged by his family in their village in Bihar -- the dowry he can expect from the bride will be far smaller than if he had succeeded.
No Traffic Jams One reason for the boom is that in Japan, getting to a real beach or ski slope can take hours of driving through huge traffic jams.
At the same time, it expanded its field marketing staff -- which works with local concert promoters, dance clubs, college radio stations and retail stores in addition to commercial stations -- to 17 from 11.
But workers near the Alden-Leeds Warehouse on Jacobus Avenue, in the town's industrial section, were asked to leave the area and Kearny's 35,000 residents were told to remain in their homes to avoid chlorine fumes, said Deputy Fire Chief Leo Balatsos.
A senior American official said the belief in Washington was that Mr. Savimbi was still using arms stockpiled during his 16-year guerrilla war, and that any new imports from abroad were of little significance.
In contrast to last year's show, in which Kirk and Michael Douglas and Alec Baldwin were presenters, this year's ceremony had fewer major marquee names from Hollywood.
"My father was in prison for eight years for his political opinions, under a Socialist dictator, Gen. Moussa Traore.
Take a nominee with distinguished legal credentials, a wide-ranging and accessible record, and no hard ideological edges, and send her up for a confirmation hearing that quickly evolves into a bipartisan coronation.
In places like Fire Island, where there's been significant beach erosion, prices could even go lower.
And developers, who are generally loath to assume problems created by competitors, get to walk into projects with minimal or no risk, he added.
"Did you know that this man is the last surviving member of the Mo-tee-suh tribe?"
One way to satisfy the yen for something a little different is to go to a restaurant serving the cuisine of another region of Italy.
We had no control over that."
It appeared the Devils would have a lot of trouble beating Draper, who started in goal afrer replacing Ron Hextall in Tuesday night's loss to the Winnipeg Jets.
Otherwise, Mr. Nesbitt remains a nonobjective sculptor deeply preoccupied with his craft, leaving the skins of his carved elements alternately rough and smooth, welding (or soldering) the cast shapes and combining them all into masses that are virtually watertight.
But it is debatable how much rates would fall.
Miss Seibert, 27, graduated from Trinity College in Hartford and received an M.B.A. from New York University.
"Ultimately, this is an election about who can govern, not who can stitch a patchwork of symbols into a feel-good cloth," The News wrote.
Other bests of breeds were large, plump mussels in a lush vegetable-laden chef's sauce and mushrooms stuffed with crab meat and glazed with cheese.
Prepare for something very special.
Some of the babies peddled by Georgia were born to women in the local insane asylum.
Deep down, some school officials think that it is not, but don't want to sound like a seventh grader explaining, failing paper in hand, that long division isn't much use in the real world anyway.
Federal-Mogul will buy the auto engine and chassis components division of SPX for $150 million.
Price: 2,500 lire, or about $1.60.
Admission will be $4, $2 for students with identification.
The astronauts are scheduled to land at Cape Canaveral, Fla., on Monday at 2:08 A.M. White House Congratulations After the deployment of the telescope, President Clinton and Vice President Al Gore telephoned from the Oval Office to congratulate the seven astronauts.
Archeologists say the herringbone design indicates a working-class building and believe it is an insula, or tenement, in which worshipers of the god Mithras, usually soldiers, never women, used to assemble.
The play would have been interesting and complicated if East had shifted to diamonds.
Voting strictly on party lines, the panel voted one of the biggest tax increases ever -- nearly $250 billion over five years.
We were both pretty confident it was going to work the first time."
So athletes do impact and influence a lot of people, whether the athlete wants to or not."
In fact, prosecutors said, his true role was to influence the Senator.
Desert Island, Dover-Foxcroft, July 19-Sept. 1 (207-288-3151).
"If I got it, I could do more.
Although hard fought, it was hardly a pretty match.
"We want everything to be peaceful, bloodless," Mr. Yeltsin said.
We have to get experts in there, because you are talking about plumbing and electricity from the 1920's."
Spread the berries in a shallow gratin dish at least nine inches in diameter.
Even though they are narrower than current account statistics, merchandise trade figures are more commonly followed by financial markets.
"But how do I do that best?
Dr. Amos said it seems likely that the gene with the milder mutation functions well enough to prevent most manifestations of cystic fibrosis.
A tall, spare man with receding reddish-brown hair wearing coffee-tinted glasses used a faint, quavering falsetto to demonstrate how to project an operatic high note.
Some question whether it ever came at all.
One big advantage, he said, was the way his team took care of the football and the way the Bills did not.
It's arrogance, in a way."
Family to Seek Return His family nevertheless said they would ask Attorney General Janet Reno to issue an administrative order permitting Mr. Demjanjuk to return immediately to the United States.
Fourth was a "what the West says doesn't affect us" mentality that discounts the influence of anything foreign.
Her mother, Jean E. Sullivan, is a lawyer in Rockville Centre.
What these cellular-phoning, four-wheel-driving Lilliputians by the Persian Gulf really want for their nation is the title "sports capital of West Asia."
He could teach as well as demoralize, lead as well as lambaste, New York was told.
When the bottom of the league became good enough to create headaches for the leaders, the records at the top began to slide.
Ron Erickson, named chairman in September and given the additional titles of acting president and chief executive in November, will instead serve as vice chairman, the software company said.
But Timothy Lynch, an organizer for the striking workers' union, the Hotel Employees and Restaurant Employees, Local 100, A.F.L.-C.I.O., said he was "quite sure we are having an impact despite what the sponsor says."
But by understating their losses on big accounts while exaggerating the losses on the individual accounts, Empire officials were able to bolster their case that the poor insurance risks were responsible for the company's poor financial state.
A1 8 SHOT TO DEATH IN SAN FRANCISCO A gunman killed at least eight people before killing himself in San Francisco.
The letters MMT are for the Hebrew words "Some Laws of the Torah."
But it has been blocked by protectionist fears, much of that coming in France.
And they're going to shrink to the point where they're going to be almost nonproductive and things go in one ear and out the other.
Most have the owner's car, as often as not a Mercedes, riding along as cargo too, and laundry drying from clotheslines on the deck.
The out-and-out clowns are often hilarious.
The package's cost is thought to be roughly $6 billion, an amount equal to the federal budget surplus, which Mr. Salinas has said he plans to use.
Employers required to allow choice between regular plan, H.M.O.
TAMARA COOMBS Staten Island Rita Reif responds: Unfortunately, I had never seen Monticello before the filters, and it seemed filled with light to me, more than any other pre-20th century house I have seen.
Corporate card spending increased 9.8 percent at American Express last year, and earnings of its card division rose 89 percent to $234 million in the second quarter of this year, over the similar period in 1992, on revenues of $2.3 billion.
With "THE CLEANUP" (United States), directed by Jane Weinstock.
For the "Senior Thesis Exhibition," which runs through May 7 at the school, the students envisioned a world where high technology is easy to use, where furniture blends old forms and new functions and where banal products like doorknobs become whimsical.
Women Take Tumbles in Prime Time Nancy Kerrigan very nearly giggled at the idea of a comeback by Witt, and said she never fretted about a possible return by Yamaguchi.
The spread between the capital gains rate and the personal tax rate is even more drastic for people earning $250,000 or more.
In many cases, he said, the teller never activates the alarm until the robber has left the bank.
Almost as Mr. Babbitt spoke, in fact, scientists, conservationists and government officials from throughout the Midwest gathered in Chicago for a long-planned three-day meeting to develop a recovery plan for one of the nation's largest and most threatened ecosystems: a vast expanse of oak-studded savanna that once intertwined with the open prairies in a diverse mosaic of biological wealth reaching from the Great Lakes to Texas.
What a sad commentary on the present state of affairs.
She was 83 and lived in Farmington.
But freezing the fish was essential because of the hot climate and the remoteness of the fishery, 1,000 miles up the Amazon in Brazil.
Realizing that making Newton a reality would require a leader, Mr. Capps began to assume the role of a Steve Jobs.
In the interval, he evidently reworked the alternative 5 .
"They seem to be at ease, languorous almost, yet when we look close we see how tense they are with self-awareness.
Describing his work variously as "contemporary instrumental" and "rural folk piano," Mr. Winston has centered his program around the theme of summer, and has promised to include "both recorded and unrecorded pieces."
There were two baby bison, with sweet calf faces.
How can anybody else compete?
It was hard to tell who these men and women were meant to be.
Why has it taken so long for Darwin's theory to be associated with medicine?
When they decided they had enough of that they flew off to a dead tree on the river bank.
It has sold a stunning nine editions in the Netherlands in less than 10 months.
Sessions as a congenial lightweight who was out of his depth on law enforcement.
For his part, the Mayor has been at some pains simply to prove his bona fides, repeating over and over that he has balanced four municipal budgets in tough economic times, something that may count as an achievement but that is also required by law.
The center is at 33 Wildcliff Road overlooking Long Island Sound.
The effort is being coordinated by the organization's Frontier Missions Office in Amsterdam.
That is the consensus view in the industry.
With so many bodies out, there just isn't enough firepower, especially against Joe Dumars (33 points) and Isiah Thomas (25 points, 8 assists).
"Clearly they are making a bet that by having a stake in Iusacell now, it gives them a chance to have one in a competitive Mexican long-distance company down the road," said Jack B. Grubman, an analyst at Paine Webber Inc. in New York.
Harazin would not second-guess any of the deals he has made.
No actual prices have been announced.
He graduated from Tufts University and received a master's degree in computer science from Columbia.
Administration officials said that Gen. Colin L. Powell, the Chairman of the Joint Chiefs of Staff, began by reviewing America's military commitments worldwide, including the status of United States troops in Somalia, the airdrops in Bosnia and North Korea's potential for building a nuclear bomb.
NEW YORK CARES , 116 East 16th Street, Manhattan.
[ Diagram ] Following are winners of titles at the Split Regional Championships in Albany and East Brunswick, N.J., which began on Monday and will end on Sunday: Stratified Open Pairs, Gilbert Sacks of Wynnewood, Pa., and Martin Rabinowitz of Narberth, Pa.
For Susan F. Gibralter, a lawyer who lives in Edgemont, the solution has been working part time while her children are young.
He noted, in particular, that the number of people with apartments seeking roommates had swelled.
"The gradual shifting of industrial structure of the Japanese economy is, in essence, good and inevitable," said Takeshi Kondo, the general manager of the office of political and economic research at the Itochu Corporation, a large trading company.
King, at 36, was home with the franchise that drafted him in 1977.
He said he is clean of his drug and alcohol addiction.
I used to say Paul Simon opened a big gate; he introduced us to the people.
"Are we to be helpless pawns of big business here, too?"
One was that the Federal Government had notified Empire that its handling of $1.7 billion in Medicare claims for doctors' services was so poor for the last three years that Empire's contract for the processing might be canceled.
For instance, Foster nearly called a timeout as soon as Montana checked in the huddle for the initial time against Detroit.
"Can you imagine the headlines?
Cook for a minute, then add the Parmesan cheese and the cream.
"We weren't getting good shots," Daly said, "and he decided to try to take the game over.
And while the character, as represented by beautiful Cosmopolitan cover models, will continue to appear in the campaign, she will take on a new look: the full-length body shots, emphasizing decolletage, will give way to head shots.
"The new cable service is where Time and Warner will really come together and show the advantages of the merger," said a Time Warner spokesman, who insisted on anonymity.
DAVE, DARREN AND DYKSTRA: What was supposed to be the winning rally started with a bunt single by a power hitter.
It is "a major departure," said Philip Barkan, professor of mechanical engineering at Stanford.
Place a large plate or platter over the skillet.
Fled With No Money It was not clear whether Bishop Dyer resisted, but the gunman fired three shots into his stomach and then got into a car and fled with another man without getting any money, Detective McConville said.
"He was naive enough to think that substance was everything," he said.
Outside a clinic in Pensacola, Fla., a man approached Dr. David Gunn as he arrived for work and killed him with three shots in the back.
They say her oratorical emphasis on children's advocacy, youth violence and crime prevention is laudable but beyond the scope of the Justice Department.
SLAP SHOTS RON SMITH decided not to rush his newcomers into the lineup and scratched JOHN McINTYRE and MIKE HARTMAN.
Safety is essential for any pruning.
New Jersey SECOND-HALF SURGE: Rickey Poteete scored three second-half touchdowns as PASSAIC (6-0-1) rallied to defeat PATERSON-KENNEDY (3-4), 20-14.
Today voters will choose New York City's next mayor, New Jersey's next governor and other important officials.
The Defense, Security and Interior Ministers declared their intention to stay out of any political confrontation.
President-elect Clinton told the Mexican President he would act quickly on the North American Free Trade Agreement.
He doesn't try to hide anything.
Richard Savage, executive officer of the Police Department's Street Crime Unit, said the effort had been focused on areas where crimes against cabs had been particularly severe.
The Underground Railway Theater of Ohio will provide a narrative with lighting effects and puppets.
A record $95 billion in municipal bonds were redeemed in 1992, twice 1991's level.
One hopes that each time incest is written about, the writer will be as care-taking of the subject as she or he would be of any abused child.
They may have some luck.
Some worry that the Germans will yet become the dominant economic factor in central Europe.
More men and women must be willing to intervene in the lives of young people who are survivors despite incredible obstacles or are in danger of falling between the cracks because of disintegrating homes and overworked, understaffed schools.
It strikes me as a quick, easy solution for the current Palestinian leadership.
The state is attempting to make an impact in national boxing circles.
The rescued child, Michael Johnson, benefited from a lucky bit of timing.
In short, it needs professional direction.
Already, little salvos are being fired.
As part of the terms of the settlement, Bertolli agreed to run advertisements next month in a number of national publications, with a 50-cent discount coupon for its olive oil.
Astros 5, Cubs 4 Craig Biggio's home run snapped a sixth-inning tie as Houston defeated Chicago at the Astrodome for its third straight victory.
"They learned that when they did it themselves, first of all they were unsuccessful," he said.
He performed at the Dallas Theatre Center and the Red Barn Theater and had bit parts in several films and commercials.
We'll just have to measure it as we go along."
The Eastman Kodak Company said yesterday that it would eliminate 10,000 jobs throughout the company by the end of 1995, but the plan may be a precursor to more drastic cost-cutting by a new chief executive.
Silicone is particularly adept at arousing the immune system because it readily changes the shape of proteins and invites antibodies to attack, Dr. Kossovsky said.
After the Roman Catholic ceremony, a few of the 120 people there were asked how they thought a longer life span might affect married life.
The nice guys are over there in last place, not in this dugout."
Robert Gil, who said Mr. Sipila was a friend, said Mr. Sipila was about 35 and often lifted weights, sometimes in the basement laundry room.
We start seal watching from about mid-March through mid-May.
Tomorrow at 9 and 11 P.M.: Gil Scott Heron.
East and West were Bill and Rozanne Pollack of Englewood Cliffs, N.J., and they produced a brilliant defense against three spades.
"But it was Christie's who came up with the methodology."
What he said of his generation applies to Mr. Clinton and his contemporaries, the children of the fruitful and prosperous America that emerged from World War II: "Much has been given us, and much will rightfully be expected from us."
"Guard an open man when he is open on defense and hit the open man when he is is open on offense.
She managed the campaign of Midge Miller, an opponent of the war who defeated a 20-year incumbent for a place in the state Legislature.
Mulholland hit a water cooler after giving up a second-inning homer to SCOTT SERVAIS.
"It was very painful for him not to be able to tell his father, he loved him so," Ms. Slagle recalled.
When questioned by Chief Justice Norman Veasey, even a Paramount lawyer, Barry Ostrager, conceded that such a clause could limit the director's ability to perform his or her fiduciary duties.
Mr. Mercorella could not say whether this service, which was disrupted Friday, would resume fully tomorrow.
Still, it would be the first time Mrs. Almonor would see her husband in months.
Ronald A. Sher, a lawyer in White Plains, says self-management generally is a valid option if it is done in a qualified manner pursuant to generally accepted standards and is not specifically prohibited by the declaration and by-laws of the condominium.
Drafted by Atlanta, he displeased the resident point-making machine named Dominique Wilkins, and after two years he was traded for Mookie Blaylock.
Even his own job will probably be eliminated when he retires this year, Mr. Doughty said.
Eighty percent of Russians living in Latvia, for example, had the right to vote in Latvia's elections.
"You cannot put enough chlorine in the water system to kill" the parasite, because it is resistant to the chemical, said Dr. Dennis D. Juranek, an expert in the epidemiology of parasitic diseases at the Centers for Disease Control and Prevention in Atlanta.
But it is a complex problem that we didn't create.
* When it's nice outside, maybe you could have the show outside just once.
Mayor David N. Dinkins, as well as his likely challengers, Rudolph W. Giuliani and Andrew J. Stein, are already campaigning among Korean-Americans.
In the last four sessions, the Dow Jones industrial average has closed around 3,450, down from the May 12 peak of more than 3,480.
"We photographers aren't that smart," says Mr. Lange.
The bill (Assembly 1062) essentially makes it easier for new candidates to file petitions and harder to challenge signatures for minor technicalities.
"And frankly, they have also been very greedy.
They also refused to disclose the terms of the deal and said it was subject to regulatory approval.
Or if it does get in, prevent it from getting further."
I immediately called an attorney friend in New York and asked if we had made a mistake.
Now, for the first time, one of that army has used a gun.
"Television is a poor place to look for guidance.
THE parade of Foreign Minis ters passes through Washing ton Andrei Kozyrev of Russia, Alain Juppe of France, Douglas Hurd of Britain -- but less is happening inside the offices of the high and mighty than it seems.
That is one reason he can call him Charlie.
Schwarz at the same time.
And groom your beard more often than you do your hair.
Then too, housing advocates who had criticized conditions in SRO's became their greatest defenders.
Despite his belligerent talk, there is no evidence that he initiated any illegal conduct even after his wife and son had been killed.
"The costs of playing chicken with the Koreans were just astronomical," Mr. Newman said.
An American team seeks to discover why a group of archeologists died among ruins.
Under the plan, the association would pay for a $172 million expansion of the center, and it would keep the United States Open in New York.
A. Pike, were written by Bruce (the pseudonym of Rupert Croft-Cooke, who died in 1979) in the 1950's for a London evening newspaper, which is probably why you can measure their reading time in quick subway stops.
*The power play, weak without injured defenseman Brian Leetch and dismal of late, scored four goals in six opportunities.
Mr. Peterson, by contrast, may have gone too far in underscoring Escamillo's regality.
One of them said rapes had been committed.
Because the acquisition is being paid for mainly by issuing millions of new Times Company shares, the per-share earnings of the combined company will be less than analysts had expected for the Times Company alone for the next couple of years.
In her left, she grasped a bundle of twigs.
Shi is no longer just a friend; he is a woman.
12," he said, accepting the post position with some cheer.
The biggest question regarding Starks, however, concerns his ability to control his temper.
But believe me, Milosevic is with us, every step of the way."
As mixture blends, pour the oil through the opening of the cover.
In part, the failure of Western diplomatic measures to bring the desired results appears to reflect a misreading of the complex psychology of Serbia, forged over a long history of heroic defiance and terrible slaughter.
But his first bet had knocked the odds down, so he settled for 20-1.
"The results are very sobering and they indicate the need for a much greater effort than has been expended until now," said Madeleine M. Kunin, Deputy Secretary of Education, whose office oversees the research and statistical arm of the department.
It was also the third consecutive game the Nets have shot below 40 percent.
arbitration awards against brokers and brokerage firms can be received by calling (800) 289-9999.
The new rules, contained in documents nearly an inch thick, will take effect in 90 days, allowing a little time for the Clinton Administration to review and possibly change them.
But the characters in "The Saint of Fort Washington" need a lot more than one another's kindness.
Once-complacent corporate America has been thrust, kicking and screaming, into the global marketplace, where failure to detect and address potentially embarrassing problems, or to exploit new opportunities, can translate quickly into loss of market share.
"I have no idea what they're talking about."
Now, he believes, many younger blacks want to work inside their communities while seeking out an older generation for advice, support and money.
O'Neal scored 7 consecutive points for the Magic during one stretch of the fourth period.
Andrew and Jennifer (Daniel Von Bargen and Randy Danson), self-described movie "facilitators," are interested by Anne's story, particularly after they learn that her husband bound her with electrical wire and sealed her mouth with silver tape because she was critical of their neighborhood.
Don Ohlmeyer, the president of NBC West Coast and the former producer of ABC's "Monday Night Football," agreed yesterday to sell his personal sports-programming interests to ESPN.
The collection's designer, Lynda Grose, has traced each step in clothing production to find hazardous practices.
Dr. Wiles, who has told colleagues that he is reluctant to speak to the press, could not be reached yesterday.
"It says, unless you are prepared to come into the new South Africa, we are going to turn off your water and shut off your lights."
is the uniform size of the packet, known in computer terms as a cell, which enables different computers made by different manufacturers to converse.
The dogs must negotiate the five boxes correctly 20 times, sitting down next to the right box, before a new odor is introduced.
He entered Cambridge University but, to his father's disgust, abandoned his studies to try to earn his living writing mystery stories for magazines.
"When you talk to the team doctors they give you the worst-case scenario, which is part of their obligation.
Sometimes, with buildings, it's different.
A thoughtful yet overtly virtuosic piece, its foothold in the world of tonality is strong enough that even the most conservative listener could not feel disoriented, yet its chordal bursts and flights of passage work are full of fresh harmonic turns and appealingly rich textures.
"I need to speak to either of you."
Returning to the company after an absence of several seasons are Puccini's "Tosca" and "Rondine," Romberg's "Student Prince," Gilbert and Sullivan's "Mikado" and Mozart's "Nozze di Figaro."
If the medical professionals knew that cases of outright larceny were prosecuted, they would not be so quick to give false reports to line their own pockets.
A maximum of 17 film students, 35 design-technology students and 30 acting students are accepted each year.
Several of the clubs had contacted us to ask if we had any ideas or any alternative ideas.
"It will cost the taxpayer money over time," one economist said.
The Nets went on to score the final 8 points of the half to reduce the deficit to 61-52 at the break.
Next to it stood "The Way of a Transgressor," by Negley Farson, in which I read that whores make the best wives, and next to that Liam O'Flaherty's "Famine," in which I read how the parish priest used to nuzzle his housekeeper's ebullient breasts.
After the war, General Doolittle returned to Shell Oil and served as president of the Institute of Aeronautical Science.
On Feb. 12, 1968, black sanitation workers in Memphis staged a wildcat strike to back their demands for equal pay, better working conditions and recognition of their union.
I honestly could not get my first serves in."
said it intended to consolidate its vehicle platforms and increase the number of common parts shared across model lines.
They are all Government property.
That the artist is trying for, as she says, a synthesis of past and present Indian identities, does not make the results any less glamorous.
These shares tend to rise when the economy is expanding -- as is projected next year -- and to hold up relatively well when stock prices fall.
Transfixed by the Nazi past, hellbent on a clean slate, Ms. Wolf and other East German writers of her generation for years willfully overlooked the crimes being committed by their own regime.
Across the nation, increasing numbers of teen-agers are neither in school nor in the labor force.
As far as they're concerned, when he sang "Give Peace a Chance" with Sean Lennon during the Persian Gulf War, it wasn't a cover.
"We need to 'do something' to develop a new intolerance to crime and violence," Mr. Kelly said.
In another setback for right-wing extremism, the distributors of a film called "Profession: Neo-Nazi" withdrew it after critics, including leaders of Germany's Jewish community, protested that it presented the views of a neo-Nazi without clearly challenging them.
"Can this world really be as sad as it seems?"
The reform-minded blocs would have about 152 seats, or just over a third of the 450-seat lower house, while the Communists and Agrarians have about 26 percent and Mr. Zhirinovsky, about 17 percent.
"To me, this is going to be just like that," said Mattingly, his memory of the 1988 race jogged.
The district has 2,300 students, 124 teachers and a total budget of $8.5 million.
The runners have known one another for years; many of them met here at Macombs.
Last month, a Federal mediator declared a 30-day cooling-off period for the airline and its 21,000 flight attendants after they were unable to negotiate a new contract.
"I'm enjoying it," Mr. Khan said.
But a family friend of Jennifer Metherd, a 21-year-old counselor who was another victim of the flash flood, said no one could be blamed for what happened.
Actively traded municipal issues gained a point for the week, as investors bought tax-exempt issues to hedge against the effect of the tax increases proposed by President Clinton.
Let's pretend we've got an imaginary flood and put two dollars toward prevention for every dollar of reaction."
A department chairmanship, an administrative position awarded on top of a tenured teaching job, is a special credential the school need not confer in perpetuity.
Already, the union and the companies have made some progress controlling costs by encouraging workers to move into managed care plans like networks of doctors and hospitals or health maintenance organizations.
The Nasdaq composite index was up 0.29 point, to 658.45.
Washington, naturally, was rife with rumors.
"Do any of you have a fruit knife?"
The patient's eyes were open and he looked responsive and alert.
Our jackets are well hung.
"And our new President laughed," she writes, "and said: 'So tuck yourself into a corner somewhere out of the way and write one.'
While most of the signs echoed Mr. Clinton's message, there were a few that carried the Republican warning that people should watch their wallets.
Only hours after the vote in Pale, the Governments of Serbia and Yugoslavia announced that they were cutting all military and logistical aid to the Bosnian Serbs.
Those moments make clear the choreographer's interest in this unlikely setting for a ballet.
In addition, the idiosyncratic feminist subtext that has always lurked within Ms. Shea's work is clearer.
Double-dummy problems are older than bridge, dating back to the days of whist.
While this is a common practice in the airline industry, Delta was apparently also rewarding agents for not booking on rival Morris Air, which is based in Salt Lake City and serves cities in the Midwest and West, people familiar with details of the investigation said yesterday.
He went on to praise the "deeper wisdom" of children.
Among the negotiations that appear to be on hold are the first steps to implement the framework for trade relations that was agreed upon by Mr. Miyazawa and President Clinton nearly two weeks ago.
Last year, tourism brought the country between $3 billion and $4 billion in revenues.
Women and men are segregated in workplaces, restaurants and schools.
The answer is that most likely they will."
Psychological and spiritual inspiration by a psychiatrist.
National League CINCINNATI REDS -- Activated Kevin Mitchell, outfielder, from the 15-day disabled list.
"The kid should be playing in the park, not worrying about spoiling their designer clothes."
But since he's gone back, things have gone well for him and he's over the mental part.
But he complained in an autobiography at the time: "The contacts I make seem to be very negative and dog-eat-dog."
Powerfully evoking the espionage agent's mind-set of distrust, it piles the insecurity created by the Soviet military coup onto the already treacherous state of being a spy within a system of spying.
Mr. Kelly said that the indictments "may be even larger in scope" than the French Connection case in the early 1960's, when Police Department narcotics investigators broke up a heroin-importing scheme involving French exporters and Mafia figures, and confiscated 97 pounds of heroin.
Today she has only one picture, saved by friends.
More recently, Mr. Aspin has presided over the Defense Department's plan to close 31 military bases around the country and scale down many others.
He also wrote criticism for the magazine Dance Observer.
The mambo of Susan McGraw, chairwoman of the benefit, and Frazer Dougherty, president of the channel, resembled a bullfight, with Ms. McGraw as matador.
Maybe no one should question Harazin's decision to acquire those players.
Three days before the election, Owens-Illinois Inc., the glass manufacturer, signed an agreement with the Polish Government to buy Poland's largest glass producer, Jaroslaw.
That may also be a part of its seductive appeal: opera can be a tease.
"That is why we are going to great lengths to let people understand what they own.
Also, claims for new diseases that do not have much of an actuarial history, such as Epstein-Barr syndrome, carpal tunnel syndrome and AIDS, could dim the company's long-term growth plans.
But to compete with another format, known as Classic Rock, which is aimed at baby boomers and concentrates almost entirely on rock standards, album oriented stations have cut back drastically on the amount of current music they play.
He was on the voting committee for the Tony Awards and was a member of the Outer Critics Circle.
Montreal controlled most of the play, but missed open nets several times and was thwarted several times by Hextall, who has been at the top of his game in this series.
They weren't making their free throws for a while and allowed us to get back in.
INSIDE PITCH ANTHONY YOUNG, the Mets' celebrity loser, is scheduled to appear on "The Tonight Show With Jay Leno" Monday night.
As it is, some Likud hawks started warning last week that they feel no obligation to honor any treaty Labor may sign.
On my last day in Moscow, I spend the afternoon with Vasily N. Istratsov, director of parliamentary relations for the foreign ministry.
The Japanese companies, under severe prodding from their Government, made a last-ditch effort to buy more foreign chips.
Consuelo was every bit as vain, as capricious, as little attached to the truth, as the Little Prince's rose.
They can and they must.
But while she had apparently given up teaching, her attachment to children found continued expression in her devotion to those who lived in her building.
"To be frank, we have enormous problems waiting for us in the future," said Andebrhan Giorgis, the president of Asmara University.
Mark Koenig, who was the last survivor from the 1927 New York Yankees team featuring Murderers' Row, which included Babe Ruth and Lou Gehrig, died on Thursday.
The state official, who spoke on the condition of anonymity, said he was informed by a participant in the meeting that Mr. Cardone was leaving the company.
Two photographs of Celo in uniform appear in a portfolio of photos of the siege by Annie Leibovitz that appear in the October issue of Vanity Fair.
"Throughout it all, we didn't miss a beat," Mrs. Studholme said.
There is more than a measure of Beckett's Gogo in this characterization, as he elucidates man's helplessness in confrontation with fate.
But his defense counsel, Earle Cooley of Boston, contended that with the Legislature now getting into the act, his client is being made to pay twice for the same offense.
He added: "You're talking about a studio in a major meltdown mode.
Well, then I finally realized, it was a New Year's Eve about four or five years ago, and I said, 'You know, what the heck, I'm going to have a glass of champagne.'
Justice Ruth Bader Ginsburg took her seat on the Supreme Court today, the first time two women have sat on the nation's highest court.
The two disks contain 10 shareware and freeware games, the top 10 in the author's opinion, but the book contains a rundown of 40 other games.
The moment the Islanders eliminated the Penguins in overtime in the second round of the playoffs, the Canadiens became the favorites in this race to the Stanley Cup -- and their fans will not let them forget that, not for a minute.
That risk is nonexistent for issues of Ginnie Mae, or the Government National Mortgage Association, which are federally guaranteed, and is minimal for the issues of Fannie Mae, the Federal National Mortgage Association, and Freddie Mac, the Federal Home Loan Mortgage Corporation.
Never mind that holly boughs, tinsel and blinking lights have festooned store windows and shopping malls since Halloween.
Hired as a stand-in for the President, Dave soon becomes the real thing when the chief executive suddenly has a stroke.
As of the end of June, the Federal Reserve Board estimated, American consumers were saving $2.7 billion a month as a result of refinancing fixed-rate mortgages and declining rates on adjustable-rate mortgages since the beginning of 1991.
"People have to be aware there is a severe problem at the V.A.
Program Restrictions But a larger, Federal program, administered by the Small Business Administration, appeared to exclude financing for many companies operating in relocated offices after the explosion.
Quantum started off in the whisky business around the Civil War and only expanded seriously into chemicals after World War II.
But if the surprising alliance of businessmen and unionists, liberals and conservatives has given Mr. de Leon Carpio an unusually strong hand with the powerful armed forces, it has not necessarily given him the means to fulfill the extraordinary hopes born of his inauguration.
He drove trucks himself, soon took over the office side and began running the company in the late 1950's, while his father worked in the plant.
She said she wanted to be the Attorney General so she could help make sure laws were fairly enforced, but she added: "I'm also interested in entertainment law.
Providers, insurers and employers are often at odds with one another, Mr. Christopher said, but it does not have to be that way.
Senior aides to Mr. Aspin say they will begin consulting with advocacy groups, military leaders and lawmakers in early June.
But I'm confident we're on the upswing.
Mr. Hopkins, 29, graduated from Lehigh University and is studying for an M.B.A. at Temple University.
Then you have the responsibility for throwing all these people out of work.
"But because of the Supreme Court decision, it seems to be foolhardy to take the home office deduction," he said.
In the interview this afternoon, Mr. Tolentino said the jury's private votes for convictions involving the bat and broom were 9-3 and then, after intense debate, 11-1.
Is this a role you feel comfortable with?
Ford did more, becoming the quarterback for Kentucky and passing the ball with ease among his teammates to keep everyone happy.
THOMAS J. GORMAN Acton, Mass., Sept. 7
she was thinking, I could tell, as she complained about a sister, my great-aunt, who didn't like "plain people."
To the Editor "A Missed Opportunity on City Labor" (editorial, Jan. 13), about New York City's new labor agreement, is correct in that Mayor David N. Dinkins's administration abandoned its promise to the taxpayers to offset higher wages with increased productivity -- and that in doing so the administration walked away from a golden opportunity.
The food, which will be offered at the courtside cafe, includes sushi, teraiki and tempura from Nagashima, personal pizzas, pastas and Caesar salad from Lombardi's and kosher hot dogs, knishes and deli sandwiches from Andel's.
Tomorrow, Montclair, N.J. Sunday, the Bronx.
The general's expertise comes not from serving in the field but from attending war colleges and civilian universities, as well as from long experience in Washington.
The case has preoccupied the highest levels of the Justice Department.
Possible Shift by Fed Still, the Federal Reserve was thought today to be even more likely to subtly shift its monetary stance at a Sept. 21 policy meeting from a bias toward tightening credit to a position of neutrality.
"This one is for Leonard's friends," Ms. Phillips added.
In the past, suggestions of an ouster were routinely voted down.
About 90 percent of the population is Roman Catholic and church attendance is high.
The index, which contains many high-technology stocks, closed up 3.75 points, to 704.28.
*3*** COMPANY REPORTS ** View Full Article in Timesmachine »
"Our company has done 100 readings last year and found that beyond 500 feet, the power lines are not even a contributing factor to the magnetic fields in the house," Mr. Ordon of Niagara Mohawk said.
Meets at noon at the Bartow-Pell Mansion, off Shore Road, across from the Split Rock Golf House.
Look, one of those posts would go right next to their house.
'Centers of Excellence' But Mr. Levin acknowledged that he had been considering making the university smaller in some respects.
"I've spent the better part of my life trying to find out what kind of man my father actually was."
Would such a prominent presence, as Henry Kissinger once worried, provoke an anti-Semitic backlash in America?
Mr. Dole argued that if an early date were set, Gen. Mohammed Farah Aidid, the Somali faction leader being hunted by the United Nations, could lie in wait and strike as soon as the United States troops leave.
Mr. Colosio, who has a substantial background in social programs, has promised to be a champion of low- and middle-class Mexicans, a promise that raises the possibility of budget deficits.
Central to the theory is the role played by two Iraqis in the case, who have been indicted in the bombing but who fled the country after the explosion.
The three-story Gamble house, a National Historic Landmark, is the rare intact house of this period that has not been despoiled by changes in fashion or the desire of its owners to cash in on its valuable body parts.
Now, perched erect on the sofa of his suburban home, clad in his blue Lacoste jogging suit, he was surveying the forest beyond the trees.
It's a long, bumpy ride.
Paul B. Henry, Republican Congressman from Michigan.
Rabbi Tirzah Firestone officiated at the Pine Creek Cookhouse, a restaurant in Ashcroft, Colo.
He turned to the New York Civil Liberties Union and fought the rejection as a form of bias, and won.
b-Included an extraordinary loss of $ 17,457,000 on the exchange of debt.
Recoating is usually impossible if the floor has ever been waxed or has been cleaned with products containing oil or detergent.
During the week, her husband was the primary caretaker.
In fact, she says, the name was chosen because "New York Stories" and "Manhattan" as movie titles had already been taken.
Speaking to reporters after taking part in a news conference that concluded the midtown convention of the United States Conference of Mayors, the Mayor protested against being called to account for a report even before it is issued.
After the second vote, Mr. Major announced, "I therefore give notice the Government will invite the House to come to a resolution tomorrow in support of the Government's policy on the social chapter by putting down a motion of confidence."
" Mr. Ellwood conceded that the proposal would increase the number of people on welfare but called the expansion "very modest" and short term.
First, he said his wallet was stolen.
U.S. Readies New Arms Plan The Clinton Administration is preparing an arms control plan calling for a global ban on the production of materials for nuclear weapons.
But let us remember that deficits are caused by spending.
The shortcomings of his plays are those of absurdism itself, which pretty much extends a playwright carte blanche.
The margin of sampling error was plus or minus three percentage points.
REVIEW: The Mountaineers improved each week and struck gold in their last two games, 17-14 victories over Miami and Boston College.
"With 'Gypsy,' we assembled all the elements before there was a sale," Mr. Meron said.
The event was one of a final burst of appearances that Mr. Jackson will make on behalf of Mayor David N. Dinkins in the last week of the campaign.
Already reeling from the recession, the city will be further hurt by the scaling back of nearby March Air Force Base, with an estimated loss of 4,600 civilian jobs in the region.
The number, 727-0889, rings at the Deer Park office of the charity group, with callers paying just for local calls.
FESTIVAL OF TREES The 17th annual Festival of Trees organized by the Greenwich Junior League will run from Thursday through Sunday at the Civic Center, 90 Harding Road in Old Greenwich.
Mariners 3, Red Sox 2 Dave Fleming and three relievers combined on a six-hitter as Seattle won its sixth straight game, handing host Boston only its fifth loss in 20 games.
Recollecting what it was like to be part of the team that turned out weekly scripts in the early 1950's for Sid Caesar's "Your Show of Shows" and "Caesar's Hour," Mr. Simon remembers primarily the insanity, the mind-boggling cascade of jokes and the fury, real and simulated, that kept the writers' room -- an off-white aerie overlooking 57th Street -- in a constant state of turmoil.
"He's terrific because he's so used to dealing with the public," said Ms. Pearre, whose business specializes in providing visas to other visa services in New York, Houston, Los Angeles and San Francisco.
From July 7 forward, their portfolios have risen from 3 percent to 7.24 percent, while the Standard & Poor's 500-stock index rose 2.9 percent in the third quarter.
Not having done so cost at least $1 million in public funds as Medicaid paid for treatment of a childhood disease that immunization would have prevented.
He is a son of Mr. and Mrs. Worcester of Boston, where his father is a senior vice president of Fleet Investment Advisors.
Nat Hentoff, the columnist and First Amendment specialist, argues: "When it's trendy or P.C., he'll give the free-speech line.
"I just have to learn to be patient," said Bardatsos, who is 22 years old.
Therefore none of the plastic flowers or fishes, most of which she still owns, are included, nor is any of her recent work, which she refuses to exhibit, seemingly out of disenchantment with the art world.
"I never enjoyed the job, ever," she said.
He added: "Before agreeing to anything, he should have said, 'Show me a map, show me a map.'
"Everybody looked very surprised," one board member recalled yesterday.
Bugs in the System Mr. Markey, among others, defended the law, though he has been fielding complaints from some of his own constituents and acknowledged that bugs still need to be worked out.
And the auxiliary policemen known as attaches, who have terrorized the country, are many of the same people who once were devout backers of Father Aristide.
Russia lies utterly ravaged and poisoned; its people are in a state of unprecedented humiliation, and are on the brink of perishing physically, perhaps even biologically."
But Belly quickly dropped that stereotype; for most of the set, the two-man, two-woman band played nervy, headstrong rock.
Hours are 10 A.M. to 5 P.M. Tuesday through Saturday.
Bc7, but after 36 Qe6!, 36 .
"I don't consider it the brightest moment in my life," he said, "meaning I should have been more decisive and known myself earlier in that process to say I was not ready for that position."
He pointed to a case in which stands a faux Faberge horse, which belonged to the Kremlin collection for many years.
In schools, he said, this means reaching out to principals, teachers, custodians, students, parents, community leaders and the police to define each school's specific security problems and to forge cooperative methods for keeping students and staff safe.
As was the audience, judging from the gasp that arose after she'd raised her hand, stood shakily and demanded to know what was so sinful about a good porterhouse steak -- it had done for the pioneers, hadn't it?
He is potentially Bob Cousy in baggier shorts, although other point guards are already sending limousines for him.
The West Side Waterfront Panel, predecessor to the conservancy, considered imposing an "impact fee" on new development within 700 or 1,500 feet of the park -- possibly $3 or $5 a square foot.
We are saying that the younger you quit the better."
"Having the Knicks here is important to the county because it establishes a sports presence and enhances our overall image," said Norma Drummond, an economic development specialist with the Westchester County Office of Commerce and Economic Development.
Concert by Harpsichordist To raise money for the project, a benefit concert, "Bach and Company," will be held tonight at 8 o'clock in the First Universalist Church in Southold.
It is a tale about how a neighborhood with no money and little clout came to mobilize itself and the New York City government.
Her father owns the Euler True Value Hardware stores in Chicago.
In a rare interview not long ago in his office at the Russian Parliament building, Mr. Skokov was coy about his ambitions.
With National Health taking itself out of the competition, Corning said it would begin its $23-a-share offer in the next few days for 16.1 million Damon shares.
He said military leaders supported Mr. Serrano because he is Commander in Chief.
He became a fan and gave her a cameo in his 1992 film "The Player."
The cause was pancreatic cancer, said his wife, A. Katina Boyatzis Driscoll.
Mrs. Hand says she intends to be a more active problem-solver.
American oil stocks are 15 million barrels higher than they were a year ago.
I like the next course, too, curried tuna tartar.
"You're going to have to tell me who I play tomorrow," said Austin, whose last tournament was in 1989.
Most plan to spend about $500.
Borden shares were down $1.875 at the close, to $17.25.
Some people who expressed a desire in their wills to be cremated have been buried by the time those documents were found in safe deposit boxes, Mr. Kessler said.
The installation cost between $1,000 and $2,000.
A: Claraence talked dirty to his young employee Anita and was rewarded by his male colleagues with a seat on the Supreme Court!
The State Constitution calls for Mr. Regan's successor to be selected by the 211 members of the State Legislature sitting in a joint session.
The accident occurred after dark, shortly before 7:30 P.M. Olin, 27, was pronounced dead at the scene.
In a junior-welterweight fight, VINCENT PHILLIPS of Las Vegas, No.
Even last season, in Minneapolis, Buffalo's Bruce Smith created havoc when he revealed that he had received racist hate mail.
The couple got up at dawn, made their brew, drank it and went off hiking, leaving the dirty machine to be cleaned by their hosts.
His father has a general medical practice in Clark.
Yet the uncertainty and nagging doubts about others undoubtedly puts pressure all the more on Key.
"We could've hung on for a week, but it would've been irresponsible," said Stephen Eich, Steppenwolf's managing director.
Run by the states under Federal scrutiny, these regional purchasing groups would collect and distribute premiums, certify health plans and offer them to consumers, insure that average premiums grow no faster than Federally set limits, collect and publish data on performance of health plans and negotiate with local doctors and hospitals to set fees for services provided outside H.M.O.
Adapting tactics and techniques used in criminal inquiries, agents of the Defense Department's Inspector General said they were able to overcome the uncooperativeness of the aviators that had hindered two earlier Navy investigations into the Tailhook Association convention in 1991 at the Las Vegas Hilton.
After this point, the awkward "Guilty as Sin" actually begins to improve.
The trustees of the all-male Virginia Military Institute voted this afternoon to underwrite a military program at Mary Baldwin College, a neighboring women's college, in an effort to comply with a Federal court order.
With his Arabian-style costume and bared torso, Timothy D. Stickney's Dauphin looks as if he might be more at home in "Salome."
And to some extent, I'm still learning."
America Undercover I Am a Promise: The Children of Stanton Elementary School HBO, tonight at 10.
President F. W. de Klerk uses most of his time to deliver a stump speech on his desire for consensus, unity, stability, peace and economic growth, from which neither Mr. Buthelezi nor Mr. Mandela dissents.
But now, two years after the overthrow of the Mengistu Government, Eritrea is about to declare its independence from Ethiopia.
Mr. Gorbachev and perestroika had been his faith, his mission.
Out of bankruptcy, the Continental will also appear more attractive to foreign carriers eager to establish alliances with United States airlines.
Thumbnail sketches of arbitration awards have been available since May 1989, but they have not been provided through the organization's "800" line, said Deborah Masucci, director of arbitration at the N.A.S.D.
CBS said a per-diem college employee at the N.C.A.A.
Controversies have proliferated with each new type of trait that scientists add to their cladistic analyses.
That's what made it work for us."
Thirty-five passengers were in the three-car eastbound train, while 100 were in the two-car westbound one.
The dollar was also helped by dollar-buying by the Japanese central bank during Asian trading, and heavy selling of yen for marks, a transaction often done through the dollar.
He was later commissioned to take portraits of the muralist painters, hired by Eisenstein as a cameraman on his film "Que Viva Mexico!"
And, analysts note, while the securities brokers have suffered enormously from falling stock prices earlier and light trading volume, their underlying health has not been impaired by the bad debts encumbering banks.
But workers within Mrs. Whitman's campaign and on the State Republican Committee staff said the Republican candidate was shaken by a New York Times/CBS-TV News poll released on Tuesday that showed her trailing the Governor, 51 percent to 30 percent.
Previously, they would have been silent or silenced, killed, driven out of the country.
And if shock sells, leading to more shock, can a loss of interest be far behind?
Two of the company's three separate stocks closed higher today.
The Bistro also produces a sensational dessert, a chaud-froid of chocolate that lives up to its hot-cold essence by combining hot souffle wrapped around cold ice cream with a center of creamy fudge sauce; it enchanted even this nondessert eater.
"I'm sure it'll hurt for a while.
Process until smooth, stopping as needed to scrape sides of bowl.
Steel is steel and airline seats are airline seats; you generally know what you are getting from the price or the description in the catalogue.
But, she added, "the trip back to Queens was a disaster."
"If we can do it with only threats and sticks, that'll be fine," Mr. Han said of the effort to resolve the dispute, which has brought new tension to the Korean peninsula.
While management and labor at The Post have held a series of exploratory talks in recent days, there had been no significant disruptions until Thursday night, when The Post planned to print a 104-page Friday paper using all four of its presses.
The Westminster Kennel Club's 117th annual show, which opens a two-day run at Madison Square Garden tomorrow, shapes up as one of the most keenly contested in recent years.
But unless the Athletics release him, he must wait five years from the last time he was a free agent to be one again.
contained in this book and there were times when I had to stop joking and get real."
HEINEKEN N.V., Amsterdam, agreed to acquire a majority stake in Brauerei Haldengut of Switzerland.
"It's a historic house," said Ms. Sullivan, whose company, Betsy Ross Interiors, is in Fairfield, Conn. "I had to keep the sink.
The backlog of cases in the Bronx, already the city's worst, has grown, even as the overall crime rate has dropped.
"My parents can barely afford to send me here," said Michael N. Bastedo, an Oberlin student who expects to graduate in May.
Analysts say the proposed fees have led them to trim earnings estimates for next year by as much as $1 a share.
Users of such software say the process becomes a kind of mutual education resulting in improved cooperation.
While Governor Weld has been a staunch supporter of the bill, it had twice failed to pass the State Senate.
After nearly 75 years of Old World, almost royal living, the children of some of the industrialists who built fortunes from the two World Wars and the subsequent rebuilding, are being forced to sell property to pay millions in taxes on illiquid land assets.
The expansion into new areas of construction began in 1969 with the arrival of Robert Kullman, Samuel Kullman's grandson, who has been chief executive officer and president since 1989.
In an interview, Ms. Albright said of the idea of a standing force, "I see it as way, way down the line.
Sports C1-10 Baseball: Yanks postpone Jays' celebration.
The Princeton group, Allen H. Kassof, Livia B. Plaks and Larry Watts, began soundings with Romanian officials and minority representatives in 1992 and finally persuaded them to meet in February in Gerzensee, Switzerland, where there was tentative agreement on some issues.
In the first period, which was dominated by Islanders, Turgeon led his team with four shots and their lone goal.
All danced creditably enough, but the honors went to the soloists Zippora Karz and Kathleen Tracey and to Bruce Padgett, whose dancing in the czardas corps was strikingly elegant and committed.
Though 1992 was his agency's "most successful year ever," he said, in November he suffered the loss of the high-profile Newsweek account, with an estimated $3 million to $5 million in billings, to Jerry Inc., Jerry Della Femina's new shop.
In Germany, as well, Jews made up less than 1 percent of the pre-World War II population.
Tokyo's trade surpluses have been transformed from an issue with the United States into a global matter.
But Professor Kennan, who has been associated with the Institute for Advanced Study in Princeton since 1953, said in a telephone interview from his office that he is looking forward to the arrival of a new generation in Washington.
Often, self-contained spas do not accept children as guests, according to Frank van Putten of Spa Finders, an agency that specializes in spas.
I have set out principles: $500 billion in deficit reduction, a deficit reduction trust fund for all the tax increases and spending cuts, at least $250 billion in spending cuts, although I would like some more cuts and some less taxes.
are seeking bragging rights in the lucrative, increasingly popular light-truck market.
Nighttime pictures of Mexicans entering the United States show how porous national borders can be.
There people were being murdered at the rate of 14.5 per 100,000.
"The government had two choices: restore the area, or let people continue living in subhuman conditions, where they risked dying in collapsing buildings," said Adriana Castro, restoration director for the Institute of Artistic and Cultural Heritage, the state agency that is overseeing the renewal of Pelourinho.
Even the Education Ministry, which compiles the figures, has its doubts.
And in January, it will assume publication of Business Marketing, also owned by Crain Communications Inc.
The surge follows the release of Apple's earnings report on Thursday evening after the stock market closed.
Mr. Paine, who was born in Manhattan, graduated from St. Mark's School and earned a bachelor's degree from Princeton in 1941.
In a paper circulated in Washington in recent days, Mr. Sofaer in effect accused the United States Justice Department of being party to a campaign to discredit Mr. Andreotti.
But, he said, the remainder of the "shortfall" that the military had complained about will not be provided.
After Wright's fourth foul against Syracuse, his steal with 2:20 to play helped preserve a 3-point lead, and his assist on Terry Dehere's 3-point shot contributed to a 7-point lead with 1:12 to play.
Additional professional help may be needed to convert the information into a meaningful chart.
"I thought we'd be about five games better."
Mr. Dinkins was joined by Senator Edward M. Kennedy and his wife, Victoria Reggie, at a housing project in Astoria, Queens.
In its passivity, in its sense of absence, "The Cave" truly represents a new turn of events in opera.
Only one dancer from the United States participated: Boris Estulin, a 17-year-old Lithuanian emigre who did not make it to the final round.
The four went on to produce more than 14 tons of copper coins.
The market for CD-ROM disks has exploded in the last year from 22 titles in April 1992 to about 400 currently, said Ann Stephens, president of PC Data, a market research firm that compiles a monthly index of top-selling software titles.
But she suggested that, if anything, those who participated in the study were likely to have the most positive attitudes and practices.
Mr. Jerkovic's wife and daughters came to Germany while he was hospitalized in Zagreb.
Although there are always sick people who need our services, our cash flow is slow and profit margins thin.
At least for the evening.
b-Included extraordinary operating loss carryforwards of $ 497,000, or 3 cents a share, in the quarter and $ 871,000, or 5 cents a share, in the 6 months.
Obviously, Olerud did not want to be down 0-2 to a left-hander throwing 92 miles per hour.
I was principal of P.S.
But the market rebounded as investors and traders used the lower prices as a buying opportunity.
A short time later, the report said, the pilot heard through the open window of the wheelhouse the "swoosh," possibly the train plunging off the bridge.
A heel, a toe, Around we go, Salute to the captain, curtsy to the queen, Touch the bottom of the dirty submarine.
Mexico produces a lot of sugar, but because so many Mexicans have a sweet tooth, the country is a net importer, to the delight of American producers.
The North American Free Trade Agreement faces new obstacles in Congress and opposition from Ross Perot.
The cause was a heart attack, said a son, George.
In a Mogadishu area, supporters of a leader opposing Mohammed Farah Aidid want United States aid, and American troops have been trying to change their mission from confrontation to accommodation.
Mr. Wallace had been elected Governor the previous year on a pledge to reject integration, "even to the point of standing in the schoolhouse door, if necessary," and he meant to be as good as his word.
Mr. Gifford, the author of "The Assassini" and other novels, is fully in command of his materials.
Or how many stars on the flag?'
"Tony has an irrational hostility toward Steinbrenner," Sterling said.
Until then, it's Slip, Slop, Slap.
The ministers of defense, interior and security appointed by the defiant lawmakers surrender.
Investigators and defense lawyers have said that traces of Mr. Ayyad's saliva were found on the envelope flap -- but not the stamp -- of the anonymous letter to The Times that claimed responsibility for the bomb.
ALLEN GROUP INC., Melville, L.I., signed a definitive agreement to sell its Allen Test products division and its wholly owned leasing subsidiary, Allen Group Leasing, to SPX Corp of Muskegon, Mich. ENVIROFIL INC., Saint Davids, Pa., reached a definitive agreement to acquire six solid waste collection companies that operate in New Jersey for a combined purchase price of about $17.7 million in cash and common stock.
The most striking development was a huge selloff late in the day of Wal-Mart Stores stock, perhaps indicating the tentativeness of the market's rise.
'The Classes Are Boring' On the surface, Crystal hardly seems the sort of child who would stumble.
But the Central Park shantytown was the most famous.
It does mean that the Democrats in Congress need to recognize that they are the architects of their institution's dismal reputation and that their rehabilitation is linked to the success of the agenda Bill Clinton will present for their action.
The star is not visible through ground-based telescopes because it is so hot that most of its energy is emitted as ultraviolet light, which is not in the visible spectrum.
They would reorganize baseball's leadership, creating a new corporation to run the business side of the game, headed by a chief executive officer chosen by a board of directors that would include a representative of the players.
Level One Communications Inc., Folsom, Calif., an initial public offering of 2 million common shares.
On the question of opening European markets to more American films, TV programs and music recordings, -- which France said threatened its entertainment industries -- the European Community stood behind Paris and against Washington.
At 150 First Avenue, at Ninth Street, East Village.
And despite the lower interest rates, there is not expected to be a vast amount of refinancing by municipalities, either.
Why should not India become a Hindu state, when 82 percent of its people are Hindus?
Finally, the transaction illustrated that the Yankees are not pleased with a bullpen that pitched poorly in three of the four losses on this trip, allowing 11 earned runs and 15 hits in seven and two-thirds innings.
His budget chief and Treasury Secretary, who urged "focus" on one budget at a time, were overwhelmed by Hillary Clinton and her health-care spending group, who made this year's budget proposal outdated on arrival.
'Sad Game Playing' The actions in the Senate were led by Senator William A. Dibella, a Democrat from Hartford who opposes the bill and whose district is home to Colt's Manufacturing, a gun company whose Sporter rifle would have been banned under an earlier version of the proposal.
Lord Owen said he thought the Security Council should give Dr. Karadzic about a week to consult his colleagues and give a final yes or no answer on the package.
"We cannot, like the politicians, say let's forget about the past.
An article on Wednesday about the purchase of CAMI Video by Sony Music Entertainment misstated the role of Peter Gelb, the president of CAMI, in the production of a sequel to "Fantasia" for Walt Disney Studios.
'Something Extraordinary' There it is, on page 292, prominently cited under the section Business World, "The tallest single column of coins ever stacked on the edge of a coin was made up of 253 Indian one rupee pieces on top of a vertical five rupee coin, by Dipak Syal of Yamuna Nagar, India on 3 May 1991."
A Grateful Nonconformist One of Mrs. Schmidt's longtime colleagues, Monika Kruger, has become principal of the school where they both work.
But now they're all pretending they didn't."
'It's in Our Interest' "My thesis was, we may win political office, but we won't have political power," Mr. Slovo said over a beer early this morning.
Monopoly issues were repeatedly raised against the industry.
Telemundo Group Inc. said yesterday that it was talking with Reuters Holdings P.L.C.
But where does this leave Vinny Testaverde, the Bucs' quarterback, who was already on shaky footing?
"All the candidates report being much more warmly received that in the past two years."
For the first time since the protracted debate that culminated in the passage of a gay rights bill in 1986, the Roman Catholic Archbishop of New York and the Bishop of Brooklyn -- joined by some Orthodox Jewish sects, Pentecostal ministers and others -- have intervened in the political process to block an administrative program.
Tickets range from $25 to $31.
Increases in long-term bond prices, however, were muted by inflation concerns during a second consecutive day of sharp gains in commodity prices.
It still counts only one Asian police officer, and one Hispanic and one Asian teacher in core courses at the high school.
Stadium in weather that was oppressively hot and humid.
Claude Majcher of the Paramus Police Department said that on March 26 about 10 A.M. three men armed with handguns entered the Midland Avenue branch of the Chemical Bank New Jersey.
This body of law has ancient roots.
They have devoted themselves solely to securing their positions, so they deserve a kick in the behind."
Randolph, who won the 300 meters in 38.97 seconds and anchored a victory in the 800-meter relay.
But suddenly he was faced with the harsh reality of owning a sprawling joint that reviewers were throwing around words like "sooty," "cynical" and "tragedy" to describe.
The plan to reduce acid emissions, which come mostly from high-sulfur coal, was adopted mainly to protect forests and lakes from acid rain.
And with increased population, they say, will come local industries that could eventually lessen its dependence on faraway commuter jobs.
Foreigners whose cars break down anywhere in Italy dial 116, the automobile club's number for roadside assistance, from any telephone (the cost of the call from a pay telephone is about 15 cents).
A poor teen-ager with a baby, she said, "is captive to a slavery the 13th Amendment did not anticipate."
The Clinton Administration plans to offer up to $2 million for information leading to the capture of a suspect in the bombing of the World Trade Center who is believed to have fled to Iraq.
The official, who declined to be identified because the investigation is continuing, would not say whether prosecutors believed the suspects had carried out the killings themselves, or whether they were done by those called "others" in the indictment.
He did not use a 75 percent figure.
Co-founded by Mr. Block's father, William Block, Dunhill opened in 1923 on lower Fifth Avenue and eventually settled at 65 East 57th Street.
Two diagrams in Science Times on Tuesday, with an article about subterranean microbes, referred incorrectly in some editions to the depth at which they are suspected to live.
But she can also be unusually direct.
Do women really want to dress like Greek statues in the electronics age?
It was his second bid for the position as the city's fiscal watchdog.
Or, if you were lucky, your ball sometimes would plop down onto the green, proving that the elm had a heart, hard as it usually was.
"Now what will bring down Moi," said Gitobu Imanyara, the secretary general of Ford Kenya, "is not the activities of the opposition parties but the economic situation.
The new British initiative follows a change of heart by the United States Government, which said recently that it would write off 50 percent of the debts owed to it by Africa's 18 poorest countries.
JOSEPH E. SEAGRAM & SONS INC., New York, a unit of Seagram Company Ltd., appointed Robert A. Monroe executive vice president of diversity.
Ms. Estilo, 30, is a litigator for NBC in New York.
A chart in Science Times on Tuesday about environmental stresses on rivers and streams omitted a source of the material.
And there are indications it will continue.
Connecticut residents should be disappointed by John Williams's admission that he settles or wins only approximately half of his numerous police-misconduct lawsuit ("Relishing the Risks and Rewards of the Law," Nov. 7).
In assessing the outlook, William Pike, managing director at Chemical Securities, pointed out that the recent sharp price rises in the Treasury market -- and the recovery yesterday -- was partly a result of technical factors that were not changed by economic data showing the economy might be stronger than expected.
There is the gold earring I left somewhere in the gullies of the giant monolith that was once called Ayers Rock and is now known by its aboriginal name, Uluru, in central Australia.
Dr. Mark Anschutz, an Episcopal minister, officiated at St. James' Church in New York.
Industry Reports Obtained Public Citizen obtained the institute's 1992 evaluations of 89 of the nation's 109 operating civilian power reactors, and compared them to the annual report cards issued by the regulatory commission, called Systematic Assessments of Licensee Performance.
"Yeah, people say I can set myself free in '96," he said.
It landed behind Fitzpatrick, a fluke play.
The music of Francis Poulenc plays at the edge of the trivial.
But if it does, N.T.T.
The form of oxygen that is slightly heavier is believed more abundant in snow that fell in warm periods.
Mr. Lawrence is survived by his wife, Virginia; two sons, Joseph and Michael; a daughter, Ann; his mother, Nancy Wemple Bissell Lawrence of Bradenton, Fla.; two brothers, and six sisters.
In Mozambique, the Security Council has approved a $330 million budget for a peacekeeping force of about 7,500 troops, but Mr. Ajello, the United Nations representative, said that the budget had been stalled in bureaucracy and that member countries had shown little enthusiasm for sending soldiers.
Since then, competitors have said A.T.& T. retains an advantage because customers have not been able to transfer their phone numbers if they switch carriers.
U.S. Embassy Closes Bonn, still the seat of the German Government though Berlin is formally the capital, also had the worst floods this century before the river peaked on Thursday.
You look positively, absolutely fabulous," reads the cover.
"The Chinese Mata Hari, who was accused of spying, is a man," the announcer says.
Price range: Lunch: prix fixe, $25; a la carte appetizers $6 to $9.50, main courses $10.50 to $15.50; dinner: appetizers $9 to $18, main courses $20 to $27.
Before the law was approved, Congressional hearings heard tales of abusive marketing practices, while a bewildering array of insurance alternatives led some consumers to buy duplicative policies or limited-benefit plans.
"The typical low doses used for inhaled steroids are probably very safe, even for children," says Wood of Johns Hopkins.
Why not have Government mandate preventive health education?
Putting them under the considerable stress of no water, no electricity and little sleep because of bright lights and loud noise all night long, only causes them to think less logically, to feel more like martyrs and to be more likely to panic and to act impulsively and self-destructively.
He also praised the proposed job training for people leaving the military, which he said would help 100,000 Ohioans in the next few years.
"We've been bluffing," he said, sitting behind his desk and doing his best to smile.
Michael Hayes was a sound and assertive Prunier.
The films' distributors obviously saw a vacuum waiting to be filled.
In the center of town, Jair Correa Jr., from Goias state, recalled how his father impulsively decided in 1990 to buy a lot a few yards from where bulldozers broke ground for the state governor's palace.
They're going to be running, trying to grab every rebound.
Johnson also hinted that maybe it was his outspokenness -- he had made critical remarks about the coaching staff after it was decided he would not stay in games on passing downs -- that led to his being cut, not the level of his play.
The bombers risked blowing themselves up as well, the experts said, when they hooked up the wires connecting the bomb's trigger with the blasting cap.
For Dusty Baker, the manager of the Giants, the numbers weren't all that extensive, but the percentages were prohibitive, and so he elected to walk Todd Hundley to load the bases with two out and men on second and third to get to Tanana.
Had not male academics so consistently excluded women from equal recognition, advancement and recompense in that paradise, had they not violated humanism's essential values -- justice, and the openness of mind that makes "profound contact with other human beings" possible -- women would have been far less eager to trade the lovely lap of eros for an uphill campaign against inequity.
"It's nuts," he said of opposition to the agreement.
'A Sweeter Victory' "This year, the win is much sweeter because the media called us the underdog," said Bulls forward Horace Grant.
Renovating the building will cost $800,000.
Its first task, a continuing one, was to help grocers, most of whose English was at least somewhat lacking, adjust to American business customs.
Well, that was my case."
Even though the film makers went to the trouble of shooting on location in Siberia, "A Captive in the Land" conveys too little of a sense of the vastness and chill of the Arctic wilderness.
If this is successful, other such centers may follow.
Mr. Lake said American foreign policy debates were focusing too much on such issues as Bosnia.
Allow about a quarter-inch extra on all sides for trimming.
Alcott Misses But Alcott missed the par putt, and admitted after the round that the interruption had shaken her.
The Good Catholics Thus, in 1991, he helped form Children of the Holocaust, a group of about 250 Polish Jews who, as children, were hidden from the Nazis by Roman Catholics.
We have a great view of the airport from this room, unfortunately.
Lebanese security officials said Israeli helicopters joined in the counterattack against Party of God strongholds, including those in Nabatiye, a predominantly Shiite market town that is only a few miles north of the Israeli-held security zone.
But people trained as nuclear engineers are better suited, experts in the field say, because they have a particularly broad background in physics, chemistry, fluid mechanics, and other areas.
Some Western analysts are also concerned that China's policy of suppressing pro-independence forces in Tibet could easily complicate next spring's White House deliberations.
Thirteen months ago, a car crash a mile from the university smashed a utility pole, causing a power surge on campus that exploded basement transformers, which spewed PCB's that contaminated six buildings.
Ottawa's last victory was a 3-2 overtime decision over Montreal on Nov. 13.
Krone spent the day riding at Arlington Park near Chicago, where Smith will spend Sunday riding Lure in the Arlington Million.
They could have also eaten the man's clothing of animal hides.
Lemieux said on Monday that he might need minor surgery after the season to remove scar tissue caused by a disk operation three years ago.
Regardless of their protests, doctors are aware that they are not gaining much sympathy.
Now that nudity has come out of the closet, women who are photographed naked submit to rigorous diets, exercise regimes and plastic surgery.
Tapes, costing $7, can be rented at the Palau de la Virreina, 99 Rambla, from 10 A.M. to 2 P.M. and 4 to 8 P.M. (closed Sunday afernoon and Monday morning).
You could join in on TV shows from your home.
Analysts said selling Ross was a step in the right direction.
Like Mr. Estes, Mr. Furuno keeps an exhaustive schedule.
It was the most subdued the team had been after a game so far -- and that's just the way Reeves wants it.
On one shelf of a bookcase, a line of charred dolls remained; on the shelf below, a dozen athletic trophies had melted into grotesque shapes.
Two other officers were acquitted.
For the first time in four years, the horse market showed signs of stabilizing last night when the prestigious July sale of selected yearlings in Kentucky ended with a gain of about 3.5 percent over last year.
We were taught about the power structure, how it functions and how to make it work for you."
University officials tried to show throughout the three-week trial that he was deposed only because he was an incompetent administrator.
He had a 55-yard return on the opening kickoff and a sparkling 18-yard run on a reverse that helped set up the Bears' second field goal.
Among the shares bid up yesterday were the stocks of General Instrument, the supplier of cable-television boxes to Tele-Communications; Broadband Technologies, provider of fiber-optic equipment to Bell Atlantic, and DSC Communications, which makes digital switching and transmission equipment that is essential to Bell Atlantic's networks.
He said that to reduce inflation pressure to a certain degree, some central banks might have to raise interest rates twice as much as they once had to.
The Clinton Administration argued on behalf of the parents in the case, Florence County School District v. Carter, No.
Maddux never got an out before the agony was insured.
While Japan's worldwide trade surplus has narrowed slightly in the last month, the gap with the United States is continuing to widen and the year-end figure may exceed the record of $57 billion.
The law requires the Trade Representative to impose punitive tariffs or other trade sanctions quickly on any country that persistently restricts American exports.
But if the child is not found, many parents turn their makeshift organization into a lasting foundation and dedicate their lives to helping other parents of missing children, changing laws dealing with pedophiles and keeping their missing child's name in the public eye.
Buildings rise nine stories high but have no roofs.
Marines and their families began arriving at the auditorium an hour early on Tuesday night for a forum on President Clinton's plan to allow homosexuals in the military.
One positive finding, the study said, was a decrease, 27 percent, in reported incidents of arson from 1987 to 1991.
The United States Central Command, which has responsibility for American military planning in the region, plans to review the need for the quick reaction force in about four to six months.
The fire was brought under control by 5:15, he said.
Machine tools are the myriad items found on factory floors that create many of the manufactured products that Americans buy, from refrigerators to car chassis.
In "L'Orfeo," the aria "Dal mio Permesso amato" ends with a plea that nature "halt upon its way"; Monteverdi's accompaniment falls into reposeful fragments.
Like two-thirds of a $100,000 income in Egypt and two to five times the American price for a gallon of gasoline or a pack of cigarettes in most of Western Europe and in Canada.
For example, after meeting with the President on Sunday morning, Leon E. Panetta, the budget director, said, "We want to maintain a B.T.U.
Her large color photographs present details of these soulless spaces, from a baggage carousel that gleams beneath fluorescent lights to a row of black plastic chairs, each fitted with a rental television set, lined up beneath a poster for the Cable News Network.
"There's no government so there's no water authority.
According to Susan Buck, the conservator at the Society for the Preservation of New England Antiquities who headed the restoration, what proved most exciting about the project was seeing the finish go "from sludge brown to bright reds, greens and blues.
Sepsis is a reaction to a bacterial toxin in the bloodstream that kills an estimated 100,000 people a year in the United States.
The idea is catching hold in Congress.
Permission Refused What nearly everyone fears is that Malanje could become another Huambo, the provincial capital in Angola's Central Highlands that is Mr. Savimbi's ethnic and military base.
Perhaps it was just a matter of taste, or perhaps it was the late entry of Cecilia Bartoli into the cast as Despina (she had been sick), or perhaps it was just a different and better performance.
"We will do it again."
Attach the remaining rails near the bottoms of the legs, so that when the bench is standing the top edges of these rails will be about eight inches from the floor.
THE RUSSIAN TEA ROOM By Faith Stewart-Gordon, with illustrations by Paul Cox (Clarkson Potter, $16).
In 1969 the award amounted to $:5,000.
The Royals signed and activated third baseman GARY GAETTI and recalled pitcher BILL SAMPEN before Saturday's game against the A's.
"He never came in and said I'm trying to make life better, he'd come in and say I'm trying to make money.
But the French official, Mr. Longuet, insisted later in the day that much needed to be done on major issues, including the creation of a world trade organization and the widening of market access.
This film has no rating.
Here, however, her detached voice and detailed reporting evoke the flat, episodic quality of a case history.
By the end, it was as if she were a mysterious creature working her way out of a large and loose cocoon.
Margaret, whose father, Richard, is now married to Cam's mother, Elizabeth, is worried about opening this Pandora's box of expectations and resentments.
And after the sermon he said, "We should not derive from this a race motif, but a sick motif."
Defensive player of the year -- Cortez Kennedy, Seattle.
"The cut in food supplies is a result of a marked drop in contributions for relief operations in the former Yugoslavia."
Born in 1920, now with his eye on his place in Olympic history, he knows that time does not wait.
Performing for this sort of public at close quarters can be intimidating.
At the same time, other investigators, including Dr. Pawson, are looking at signals passed through other receptors that poke through cell membranes.
Affairs, said between 350 and 500 Asians, mainly Vietnamese, who were used on intelligence-gathering and sabatoge missions in North Vietnam between 1960 and 1968, had been captured.
A5 U.S. MIDEAST PLAN IS CRITICIZED As the 10th round of Middle East peace talks ended with little progress, Israelis and Palestinians criticized a U.S. plan that could form the basis for accord on principles for Palestinian self-rule.
The Mayor said that his campaign manager, Bill Lynch, spoke with Mr. Torres "and told him that that kind of language was not acceptable."
Separately, Eriberto Freire Franca, a former presidential driver, said recently that he routinely disposed of ritual remains from the residence, largely severed heads and bodies of birds and animals.
The sun is still strong, and the people in the audience are lopsidedly distributed into seats on the side of the floor that is in the shade.
"The fact is there is not a crime wave and crime is down and we have got to some way or another make that point."
's revenues and 85 percent of profits come from long-distance.)
As a condition for the release of more than $10 billion, the measure requires the Treasury Secretary to certify that the agency has complied with a number of management reforms, including a tightening of contracting oversight.
It is a remarkably sad comment on the finances of dance presentation that the Joffrey has not been able to afford a repertory season in New York City since 1991.
Bowe retained his World Boxing Association and International Boxing Federation titles.
At the opening banquet, someone looked at them at the head table and described them as "a pair of blockheads among the rotten eggs."
They also suggest that the clamor will not abate until the number of uninsured people begins to decline.
That concession makes further Security Council action unnecessary.
"Of all things, some of the zinnias are doing real badly," said Richard Weir, an extension agent, "which is strange because zinnias come from arid parts of the world, like Mexico."
The city would like to let people confront their accusers but has not figured out a way to do so, said Cy Carney, the City Manager.
A potentially dangerous dynamic has developed between Hungary and its neighbors in which remarks from one country echo through the politics of the other.
To GRETCHEN DYKSTRA, the president of the Times Square Business Improvement District, confetti is a gentle ingredient of the New Year's Eve celebration, which she calls the "ultimate block party."
"Then he starts running around the room, and he hits a prop wall that isn't fixed securely.
In 1862, President Abraham Lincoln selected Omaha as a terminus of the Union Pacific, America's first transcontinental railroad.
Zaven Yaralian, the Giants' secondary coach, coached Tate when they both were in Chicago and pushed for him coming to the Giants.
"This is a crime," said Max Pierre, an electronics engineer who came to Miami from Haiti as an illegal immigrant but is now an American citizen.
(AP) Woosnam Returns to Form: Ian Woosnam of Wales shot a five-under-par 65 to capture the Lancome Trophy, besting Ryder Cup teammate Sam Torrance by two strokes in Saint-Nom-la-Breteche, France.
4 84 THE FIRM, by John Grisham.
But next year, 1,187 officers would come to work between 4 and 10 months sooner than scheduled.
Promises That Failed Several mayoral aides admit privately that they had been counting heavily on President Clinton and a slight economic upturn to help them avoid spending cuts.
News of the investigation left its imprint on the Orangemen's game last Friday night against Johns Hopkins before a Carrier Dome crowd of 9,138 spectators, including 160 former players.
You may not need it the day you retire, but in 10, 15 or 20 years you will."
Once the rubble and steel reinforcing bars from these columns are removed, the slab will be clear and ready to be knocked down in turn.
C18 Sports C1-9 Basketball: Knicks add guard.
Here is a sampling of shows in New York City that are to close soon: Closing This Weekend "CAMELOT," Gershwin Theater, 222 West 51st Street, Manhattan.
Slice the eggplant into half-inch thick rounds.
From merely two seats in Parliament in 1989, the party now holds 119, the most among the opposition parties.
Representing the period's more scandalous sights is Lynda Benglis in a bare-bottomed Betty Grable pose, a picture taken by Annie Liebowitz that announced the artist's 1974 exhibition at the Paula Cooper Gallery.
The official said that Mr. Clinton had not settled on a choice and most likely would not for at least a day or two.
One executive with knowledge of the negotiations suggested that Liberty might find a way to keep its 22 percent holding and give up to BellSouth only its right to invest an additional $500 million in QVC.
Dr. Sietsema, a native of Grand Rapids, Mich., who has a bachelor's degree in religion from the University of Michigan, changed course when he realized that his particular interest was in the languages he had learned.
Any Number of Hazards "Say what you will about the swim, but it's still the summit, the acme, the Mount Everest of the swimming world," said Mr. Scott, 77, who gave up swimming in the Channel 11 years ago after paddling head first into a patch of raw sewage.
"ON A CLEAR DAY YOU CAN SEE FOREVER," Harold Clurman Theater, 412 West 42d Street, Clinton.
The Mets' performance this season is notably worse than those of the Marlins and Rockies.
The play, about the actor Edwin Booth, will star Frank Langella and be directed by Arvin Brown, a reprise of their association with the play, which was first presented two years ago at the Long Wharf Theater in New Haven under the title "Booth Is Back."
Levy, Republican of Merrick, L.I., chairman of the Senate Transportation Committee.
"This could have been a future doctor, lawyer or judge.
As of 4 A.M. Saturday the complex was closed to all airport staff and ticketed passengers.
Rita Claire Bernstein, a daughter of Mr. and Mrs. A. Thomas Bernstein of Chicago, was married there yesterday to David Robert Brief, the son of Irene Berger of Livingston, N.J., and Kenneth H. Brief of Cos Cob, Conn.
He hoped to earn enough royalties to carry him through the writing of his next book.
Shell Casings Found He and his brother, Benjamin, and Angel Bagora spoke of other crimes in the neighborhood -- a rape and a fatal shooting in recent weeks -- and expressed regret at the encroachment of dangers on tree-lined residential streets where teen-agers not long ago had felt safe, even walking late at night.
In a press briefing, Michael McCurry, the State Department spokesman, said the Administration was concerned not only about easing the situation of the mainly Muslim population of Sarajevo, which is encircled by Serb forces, but also about the Muslims encircled by Croatian forces in Mostar, the main city in Herzegovina.
"I would like to run 48 flat or 47.9, and if I can do that I'd like to in Stuttgart," Adkins said.
The proposed National Newspaper Network would not run afoul of antitrust laws and might help daily and weekly newspapers compete more effectively with other media for national advertising revenue, the department said last week.
None of them are on cards on display at the Metropolitan now, but perhaps we can look forward to seeing them down the line.
Some celebrated geldings have run in the Derby since then, but didn't win it.
Having just spent a week with a few chili pepper farmers in New Mexico -- they wouldn't let me back on the plane without some seeds of their favorite varieties -- I figured it was time to grow a salsa garden down on the family farm in Maryland.
Lemaire could not have asked for more control.
Al Gordon, the Democratic State Committee Chairman, accused the board of using a double standard when judging spending by the Democratic and Republican state committees.
In the last decade, however, I.N.S.
The first solid evidence of inequities on a national scale emerged from a study published in 1987 by the United Church of Christ's Commission for Racial Justice, which found that race, even more than poverty, was the shared characteristic of communities exposed to toxic wastes.
B9 Science Times C1-10 The search for an ivory substitute on the microscopic level.
While Mr. Gonzalez is more popular than his party, the opposition leader has less credibility than the People's Party.
In 1979 he was named an honorary director, which he remained until his death.
Bailey, Dawkins and David Daniels, picked up in a trade with Seattle last week, are fighting for that fifth job.
In the wake of the Watts riots of 1965, he was caught up in the black nationalist movement.
Niagara (16-4, 6-2) called timeout with 4 seconds to go and Brian Clifford inbounded to Tony Newsom.
He showed good leadership with a good football team out there."
Jordan, of course, didn't step up so much as he stayed up in the stratosphere where only he soars.
This week, as more banks are expected to report gains that are making 1993 the industry's second year of record earnings, many banks are sharply reducing the amount of profits they set aside in a reserve fund to cover expected loan losses.
There are 42 member funds in the National Association of Community Development Loan Funds.
Riley's complaints about the officiating provided more intrigue leading up to Game 5 of the Eastern Conference championship, the most critical game of the Knicks' season.
This is an on-screen rectangle with 1 to 50 "buttons" that are pushed to start programs.
Georges, who will remain chairman and chief executive of Guess?
None of Alfred Stieglitz's portraits of Georgia O'Keeffe or the cloud studies he called "Equivalents" are in the show; Mr. Galassi has chosen what he calls close approximations instead: a Stieglitz portrait of the photographer Dorothy Norman and a photograph of aspens taken at the photographer's summer house in Lake George, N.Y. By concentrating on little-known pictures, Mr. Galassi forces viewers to pay more attention to the work and keeps them from falling into easy assumptions about the history of the medium.
Other technology gainers included Lotus Development, up 1, to 36 3/4; Microsoft, up 1 3/4, to 78; Texas Instruments, up 1 1/8, to 78 5/8, and Intel, up 3/4, to 65 1/2.
Motives Are Questioned Human rights advocates in Nigeria and overseas reacted guardedly to reports that the three men would be released, saying while they welcomed Mr. Shonekan's decision, they suspected it had been made more with the intent of defusing growing criticism of the interim Government rather than from humanitarian concerns.
The film will feature Anouk Aimee, Marcello Mastroianni, Julia Roberts, Tim Robbins, Lauren Bacall, Sally Kellerman and a host of other stars, he said.
He buys commercial time during business-travel and international forecasts, which "enables us to reach our identified target audience, the six-plus-day vacation traveler."
He filled it from January 1990 until mid-1991, when he took early retirement after 36 years with the financial holding company.
Three of the four are women; of the 25 magazine staffers auditioning this morning, 17 are female, reflecting the industry's preponderance of female executives; half of the 6 Carillon and TBWA executives are women.
If the cause of death is confirmed, the rancher, Lino Lopez, would be the first person killed by Africanized bees in the United States since the aggressive variety migrated into Texas in 1990.
But because convoys to many areas are held up for days before they are allowed to pass, or at subjected to numerous time-wasting requirements at Serbian checkpoints, such as the box-by-box inspection of food cartons, many of those receiving aid get it only once a month, or less.
A dark comedy of the supernatural tinged with Greek myth, "The Swan," which opened yesterday at the Joseph Papp Public Theater, is an absorbing 100-minute riff on Dora's theory.
" Nail-Biting Time After watching the putt disappear for the thrill of her life, the native of Waukesha, Wis., had to wait for both Andrews and Alfredsson to take aggressive runs at a tie.
"He might have given me one at the end."
Even those who have no trouble being assertive need to understand the stereotype and how it may affect them, Mr. Hokoyama said.
We were told to exit by a rear entrance.
As the flood waters gnawed deeper into the base of the river bank, the earth and sand that crumbled into the water disclosed a mass of human skeletons.
It will retreat right back to the recreational cult status that it now maintains in the United States.
Two years of civil war had aggravated a devastating famine, with Somali gunmen routinely blocking or seizing food shipments and terrorizing relief workers.
"We will be in a positionto endorse candidates as a fusion operation.
Frank Galati, who won a Tony for directing "The Grapes of Wrath" and an Oscar nomination for scripting "The Accidental Tourist," found that opera brought him back to his artistic roots: "My training and passion as a kid was the novel.
The opener between two of baseball's storied franchises might have helped revive one of baseball's great rivalries, especially from Boston's perspective.
Jean-Bertrand Aristide, said the actions of the four ministers gave him no choice.
On Thursday, a bankruptcy judge in Bangor approved the sale of WZON-AM to a company controlled by Mr. King.
Grants for which the student must perform a service, like teaching or research, are taxable.
And then, when you get in the building, when you get to a certain door, there's a Secret Service man that will beckon to you, and you go in there.
The United States has made the return of war dead and the resolution of nuclear issues conditions of improving ties between the two nations.
The New York City Board of Education's asbestos task force has a history of incompetence that stretches beyond the mismanaged federally mandated inspection of public schools, city investigators and board officials say.
To regain the paganistic Eden and divert the earth from its present course of ecological disaster, we must, he says, restore hallucinogens to regular use.
Currently, the most expensive vehicle is the Ferrari F40 at $174.43 a pound.
Through the mouth of a Japanophile detective, John Connor, Crichton proposes the meta-Clausewitzian thesis that Japan views business as the extension of war by other means.
The crowd started chanting, 'We want Louis!
Beginning on June 6, Chip Zien is to be on leave from the show for six weeks; replacing him will be Jason Graae.
Citizens' Class A shares closed up 62.5 cents yesterday, at $36.50, on the New York Stock Exchange.
They say: "This stuff is worth $2,000 a case.
Indiana, which lost for the third time in four games, got a season-high 20 points from Pooh Richardson, 17 from Dale Davis and 16 from Detlef Schrempf.
She had lost her husband the day before and the last of her four children a day earlier.
To a certain extent, what will be tested is whether the casino developer and fronton owners really have a happy union of interests or whether the casino plan might be cut loose if supporters think they have a better chance of passing a relatively more simple slot machine bill to aid existing Connecticut companies.
The shift was offset by a reduction in the deficit with Canada to $638 million from $989 million.
Mr. Florio's campaign staff has suggested that she has been "hiding" from the press and the public.
Nonredeemable for four years, the notes are rated B-1 by Moody's and B by S.& P. The financing includes warrants to purchase 3 percent of the company.
Several senior White House officials said this evening that they expected Judge Breyer to be selected and that the first face-to-face meeting is his final hurdle.
She is the president and founder of the Studio in a School Association, a program of fine-arts education in the city's schools, and a trustee of Brown University and of the Andy Warhol Foundation.
The Cleveland visit also included a gift of a leather coat to Sara White.
It also dwells on issues like homelessness and drug addiction and, while many parents would like to shield their children from such real-life problems, "Ghostwriter" has caught on after just one season.
New Details on Missiles Iraq then took the next step by moving a small number of Soviet-made SA-2 and SA-3 surface-to-air missile batteries just south of the 32d parallel, which marks the northern boundary of the air exclusion zone.
Attractive old-timers' replica merchandise occupies an entire wall.
The simplistic noise left listeners wondering why Mr. Phillips was so worked up.
In 1989, city officials decided something had to be done.
"It has a very human face when you deal with the human dimensions of it, but it's extremely complex.
Such praise marks a dramatic shift from the climate of recent weeks.
Dinkins administration is urged not to renew contracts with a South Bronx community-service agency headed by Ramon Velez.
"We feel good about it."
Just watch "The Age of Innocence."
But the school has been the subject of frequent turmoil.
There were stretchy purple-and-red chenille dresses, blue Nehru jackets and slim pants, perfectly fitted safari suits, Suzie Wong dresses and sassy halter styles.
Like Harvard, Rensselaer has clinched home ice for the early rounds of the tournament.
While I stood gazing at the painting, Mr. Ortoleva busied himself with paperwork at his desk.
And because medicine changes so rapidly in this era of virulent technology, many argue that those most recently out of school are actually the most up to date, despite continuing education requirements.
If you do not get satisfaction on the spot, the best recourse is to write a calm, reasoned letter to the owner.
1 on the raise-sought list.
Mr. Thompson had wanted the center to be independent.
For Gus Langner of Milford is still going strong at the age of 90, swimming about a mile three times a week at the McCann Natatorium and competing in Masters tournaments, for swimmers 19 and older, throughout the world.
Told that that sounded a bit stiff, he said, with humor: "My chemistry is enhanced!
The list of potential customers for everything from artificial hip joints to million-dollar scanners could shrink from thousands to mere hundreds if the 6,000 hospitals and thousands of physician groups are folded into tightly managed medical networks that control purchasing.
But the City Clerk, Carlos Cuevas, refused to certify the measure, deciding that it was not a valid issue for New York voters to decide under the State Constitution and municipal home rule law.
And, being a station wagon, the cargo statistics are particularly important.
4 5 5 ALONG CAME A SPIDER, by James Patterson.
They may be sullen, but they know an order when they hear one.
"I would like to meet him and tell him that I am truly sorry," Mr. Watson said in the interview.
No matter where it moves to, there will always be a shore.
"It has been one of those years," Smoltz said once his perfect post-season record was gone.
After days of tedious haggling, Congressional negotiators struck a basic compromise today on a five-year budget plan, and the White House and party leaders began the arduous task of rounding up enough votes to pass the measure by the end of this week.
The new amnesty, which was requested by General Cedras as a condition for his retirement, would be broader than one decreed by Father Aristide this month.
Comparing the choices Mr. Darwish and other Palestinian idealists have to make with those Mr. Arafat and his fellow pragmatist Palestinian politicians have to pursue, Hussein Higazi, a prominent analyst of Palestinian affairs for the London-based Arabic daily Al Hayat, said, "The poet who is obsessed with the idea of purist justice cannot burden his conscience following the statesman who can no longer stand fast as the crucial decision-making moment has arrived."
"People generally feel it was one thing with Zoe Baird, who knowingly broke the law, but with Kimba Wood, there's a real feeling that she was made a scapegoat," said the Administration official waiting for permanent status.
"We see constant discrimination against oil in many policy measures and initiatives under the pretext of security of supply or the guise of environmental protection or simply alleviating budget deficits,' Mr. Nazer said.
Adolescents in Harlem were coming in record numbers for gunshot wounds, venereal diseases and pregnancies.
Aug. 12-16: "Guys and Dolls."
Mr. Lynch has replied that he told state investigators the truth, and will step aside any time the Mayor asks him to.
In New York City, for instance, where high-pressure sodium is the standard, astronomers at Columbia University, which has quite a large telescope, "gave up the fight many years ago," said Dr. Joseph Patterson, a professor of astronomy.
*If they are truly in a financial bind with no means of paying the tax bill now or in the future, they can make an offer of compromise on Form 9465 to pay less than is owed but as much as possible, which may be in installments.
It halted decades of voting rights denials, both blatant and subtle.
I have the rest of my life to heal after I retire.
Add the eggs, flour and salt and pepper, and process until smooth.
For himself, he splashed together a Scotch and soda, sipping it slowly for the next hour while sitting on a beige couch with geometric patterns, a telephone at his left hand.
Benefits for Gays at HBO Gay workers edged closer to the mainstream last week when HBO, joining a growing list of companies, offered health benefits to same-sex partners.
You would lose the sense of serenity if you had a lot of activities going on there."
This procedure should not take more than two months and no less than three weeks.
The Government figures out how much aid to give each student by subtracting the family's share from the cost of the school.
All-white sofas, faux-marble tables, chrome and mirrors.
Otto-Sumisho is a joint venture between the German mail-order company Otto Versand and the Sumitomo Corporation of Japan.
The Bronx teen-ager who bought the Olde English 800 returned to the grocery store minutes later to purchase a 35-cent Philly Blunt cigar and, as street fad dictates, he hollowed it out and packed it with marijuana to smoke with the malt liquor.
Others regard the reliance of the older cities on the states as an inevitable result of the flight of investment from cities and the corresponding concentration of the poor behind the city line.
Since the whole idea of 1040PC is to speed the tax process, sending away for a disk is a frustration.
Michelangelo Veltri led the orchestra ably, with a sympathetic eye toward the singers.
He is especially partial to Turkish kilims because they're closer to the original nomadic patterns in spirit and less rigidly structured.
Most of these businesses have not succeeded, but one seems to be doing fairly well: it sells fresh water that seeps into the mine, using a bottling plant located deep in the mine shaft.
In fact, the tone of the "Futterfest" was set when 14 members of the Columbia Marching Band trooped onto Lehman Lawn wearing Barnard boxer shorts -- over their jeans, on their heads and wrapped around their arms.
Liaison between China and the rest of the world is provided by Kathie Wei Sender, the Federation's official "Ambassador of Bridge," who sat East on the diagramed deal, with Wolff in the West position.
Semak's reputation was as a goal-scorer when he came to the Devils from Russia last year, but his goal production is just now beginning to justify his reputation.
His only disguise is a dinner jacket and an intimidating amount of self-confidence.
The Boston Celtics' president, Red Auerbach, was released from Massachusetts General Hospital today following two procedures to clear blocked arteries during an 11-day stay.
Japan Airlines' chairman accused United States carriers of predatory pricing that eroded the company's fiscal health.
"I knocked myself out trying to see how much fun I could have playing golf.
And the money the offering would have generated -- $176 million had it sold at $16 a share -- grabbed the attention of Wall Street.
Added James Annable, chief economist at First Chicago who worked with Mr. McDonough for years, "He's very, very smooth."
(Mr. Bishop, who remains a member of the Playwrights board, declined to comment on the matter, pleading awkwardness.)
It was clear in the emergency room that the pediatrician suspected we were the culprits.
In the morning, about a thousand demonstrators gathered in front of the court building, chanting slogans and waving signs.
But she and fellow team members insisted that they used no illicit drugs.
"Get in on the ground floor of something that's just beginning.
LOUIS SIMPSON Stony Brook, L.I., Feb. 2, 1993 The writer, a professor of English at the State University, won the 1964 Pulitzer Prize for poetry.
You're so this and you're so that."
But despite the hardware and the planning, there were moments that were certainly not what the State Department officials who had scrambled all weekend to provide security had in mind.
Mr. Volpe said that he and the Metropolitan Opera board were concerned about Ballet Theater's financial difficulties, "and the board of the Met felt strongly that we could not put in jeopardy any of the Met's funds."
Since 1989, Impressionist art is down by half, modern art by more than a third, according to Sotheby's 1992 indexes.
By the time the ticket holders were let in, both lines were roughly the same length.
"We're going to another spot to start."
For better or for worse, comfort and technology are the major factors in choosing Olympic sites these days.
In a case that has fueled the debate over how to deal with the growing number of people who are both mentally ill and drug abusers, the Appellate Division of State Supreme Court in Brooklyn acknowledged that the "external behavior" of Mr. Hogue had "improved somewhat" during his current two-and-a-half-month involuntary stay at Creedmoor.
On entitlements, Mr. Clinton wisely rejects a simple cap because it would trigger across-the-board cutbacks aimed at the elderly, poor and disabled who are the primary recipients of entitlement spending.
"If I had, I wouldn't have bought another one and started renovating it."
"In high school, it's total routine," said Kristen Tahan, of Kinnelon.
Can you blame the Japanese?
From the moment of discovery, archeologists had felt sure that this could be one of the most important pre-Columbian monuments ever found.
A former executive director of the Lambda Legal Defense Fund, a gay-rights group, Mr. Stoddard recently coordinated the Campaign for Military Service, which sought to end the Government's policy of barring gay men and lesbians from the armed forces.
Genevieve Cau, founder of Livianas, the women's club, said: "We found it very difficult to find a place in this very male and very macho world.
The World Trade Center blast underlines the need to bring New York City's firefighting capacity up to strength.
Nannette Keating, 40, separated and the mother of two children, 3 and 6, has a bachelor's degree in public administration from the University of Toledo.
In the Cairo slum of Imbaba, a militant cleric described the setbacks to the movement as he sat over a cup of tea in a shop with several assistants.
Everything is ruched in gold lame.
Shortly after 8 A.M., when many Atlantans are just leaving for work, 23 new employees of the Ritz-Carlton in the city's Buckhead section are getting the hotel chain's philosophy drummed into them.
The brothers would rather not return to New York for their film's second run next week, "but if I didn't make it, the boys wouldn't be very happy," Roscoe says, referring to the filmmakers.
puts points on their license, they're going to be paying some gigantic surcharges."
Phil Keisling: Big bucks for small offices.
He has been under a part-time contract as a defender-midfielder.
If there were more of one or the other, we would lack either the carbon to make biological molecules or the oxygen needed by animals to metabolize their fuel.
She said that Mr. Salameh lived on the ground floor of the apartment building, and that others she believed to be Middle Easterners occupied another apartment just above his.
No news magazine opened to more ridicule, perhaps, than ABC's "Prime Time Live," for questionable episodes like a live broadcast of a dying tree.
John MacLean and Tom Chorske, who have been the hottest scorers lately, led the Devils with two goals each to increase their season totals to six and five, respectively.
Rangers 11, Tigers 5 Julio Franco's fourth career grand slam capped a six-run seventh inning yesterday, leading Texas over tattered Detroit at Tiger Stadium.
'Very Dangerous Jobs' The transit union and its supporters are now making similar arguments for transit workers.
"A little world is coming into being," he tells us on the second page.
They are both superb bush pilots.
6 Kansas shook its shooting slump and beat Kansas State for the Jayhawks eighth straight victory over the Wildcats.
Football National Football League NEW ENGLAND PATRIOTS -- Waived Lawrence Hatch, cornerback, and Bo Gilliard, wide receiver, from injured reserve.
What will keep him here, and ultimately determine how great he can be, is how well he incorporates the Penske credo of teamwork.
In the old days he dumped used antifreeze into a floor drain, along with used oil, used solvents and other chemicals.
Patron tickets are $50 and include preferred seating as well as admission to a reception afterward with the performers.
But Mr. DeConcini's announcement, capping a day of unconcealed nail-biting, fueled the impression that Mr. Clinton's supporters were at last picking up steam.
THE New York State Dietetic Association is conducting a food drive on Saturday from 9 A.M. to 3 P.M.
Some people who voted neo-Fascist did so out of opposition to the former Communists, he said, and some who voted for former Communists did so to block the neo-Fascists.
b-Included a one-time charge of $ 4,600,000 related to the merger.c-Net lossAll figures have been retroactively restated to included the results of Perception Technology Corp. for all periods before the merger on July 30, 1993.
I'm sure some of the students are saying, 'Why doesn't that old guy just shut up?'
She laughs so that her whole body shakes.
A thesaurus, for example, is a resource one suspects that few writers past the student stage ever bother to pull off the shelf.
*3*** COMPANY REPORTS ** View Full Article in Timesmachine »
Mario M. Cuomo and Mayor David N. Dinkins have sent letters in his support to Anne E. Thompson, the Federal judge in Trenton who will decide Mr. Wachtler's fate on Thursday.
McGill University scientists said they could predict, according to stress hormones in the blood, who would perform relatively poorly on tests of attention and memory.
Trading was lackluster, with Mr. Donney saying that the market "is getting into the dog days of summer," adding that "people are just squaring up their books a bit."
Heat 1 teaspoon of the olive oil in a large nonstick skillet.
Considering that 22 members of the team are under contract at Mission Viejo, Calif., training together daily at a world-class center, these results have been unsettling to officials at World Cup USA and the United States Soccer Federation.
And, frankly, I think the fact that I had known her and cared about her and admired her probably contributed to the way this thing has been handled in kind of a drawn-out fashion.
A few reviewers loved Miss Meier: Max Loppert in The Financial Times of London found her "metal-tipped, liquidly vibrant" voice "lambently affecting and elating to contemplate."
Grunfeld said Campbell was still an important part of the team, but that his performance in training camp would determine his role.
Several young men were shot last year after chases and attempted rammings of police cars.
Push another button and the touch screen becomes a video screen, letting you see as well as talk to callers.
The probe is coated with aluminum and a light is shined through it.
But first he will have to manage the competition among health-policy experts vying for a role in formulating his policies.
"The fact of the matter is that they have to have a place," Mr. Aubry said.
And Dr. Babette B. Weksler of Tenafly, N.J., donated $200.
From that point on, Army kept up with Rutgers but never pushed ahead.
Admission is $6; $4 for students and the elderly.
Mr. Robinson, a professor of American studies at the University of California, Santa Cruz, quotes Murray rhapsodizing that "the male thesis embraces the female antithesis, and the result is genetic synthesis and the development of a new and unique being."
After throwing out 15.5 percent of opposing base stealers (16 of 103) in 1992, Hoiles nailed 31.6 percent (31 of 98) this past season.
The latest assessment roll is driving home the point that commercial property can no longer be relied on to underpin the tax base.
Because of poaching and the effects of drought on elephants, who drink 40 gallons of water a day, the number of African elephants declined in the 1980's from 1.3 million to 600,000, Ms. Abinader said.
And then you could watch Sunday's victors surrender, walking out of the Parliament building behind a white flag instead of the red one under which their supporters had so recently marched.
After the Yankees saved Abbott and maintained a 1-0 lead by throwing out two Baltimore runners at home in the fourth, six Orioles scored without a throw one inning later to spoil the mood.
About 10,000 Yazidi men died fighting for Iraq in the eight-year war with Iran.
on the $225.4 million budget the White House is proposing for the commission in the 1994 fiscal year.
b-Included a loss of $ 112,000 from discontinued operations in the quarter and 6 months.c-Included income of $ 1,119 in the quarter and a loss of $ 66,561 in the 6 months, both from discontinued operations.
"There's no additional surplus that's going to deal with the $500 million problem," he said.
The suicide of the 67-year-old leader has set off a deep and painful soul-searching on a scale rarely seen in this country, with politicians and newspapers asking what is wrong with a political system that drives one of its most prominent men to take his life.
INSIDE PITCH JEFF McKNIGHT pinch-hit a three-run homer in the seventh inning and PETE SCHOUREK stuck his left arm out from Manager DALLAS GREEN's doghouse to pitch eight superb innings last night as the Mets beat the St. Louis Cardinals, 6-1.
It would be extraordinarily unfortunate if The New York Times, an institution with a reputation for integrity, objectivity and socially responsible journalism, were to cause disruption of the adoption of children from China through the use of inaccurate and thoughtlessly provocative language.
"People tend to view anyone with tax problems as sick," he says, alluding to Mr. Nelson's much-publicized run-in with the Internal Revenue Service two years ago.
It was unclear whether Admiral Inman knew about the arms shipments or Mr. Guerin's illegal activities, and he said in an interview at the time that he was certain that American intelligence agencies had never approved illegal conduct by Mr. Guerin's firm.
It was one of those days you feel it can happen."
Dr. Smotrich, 37, is a plastic surgeon in Lawrenceville, N.J.
And what questions should be raised before signing a lease at the other end?
She said that Dan Duva, her husband and the Main Events promoter, had agreed to give back a few percentage points to put on the fight in June as Bowe's next title defense.
The Constitution requires the state to address the hate itself in more creative and less coercive ways.
"It's a tragedy," the Governor said, adding that "as a result of this obscene policy of senatorial courtesy, we now have lost a wonderful judge."
You've got to make it in New York to prove your chops."
After her announcement she wanted to retreat into privacy and concentrate on her personal life and projects like writing a cookbook based on family recipes.
Manolo Blahnik is designing shoes for his show.
Evidence of an ideological division within the Government, simmering in the background, seemed to come into view with Mr. Clinton's appointment of Donna E. Shalala as Secretary of Health and Human Services, which runs the nation's welfare programs.
Today we're all New Yorkers.
Mr. Hopkins's car is waiting, and he is intent on finding a late lunch of spicy Indian food.
So you have a regret of not having children or grandchildren.
There, amid the abstract sculptures and the shade trees, were the familiar fixtures of the season: Bottles of chardonnay.
"If there's something there to be found, they'll find it.
About 49 percent of the 110,986 eligible voters turned out for the primary.
At 3:13 P.M., the astronauts released into space the $200 million Tracking and Data Relay Satellite, the sixth in a series of NASA relay craft.
UNITED AIRLINES, Chicago, named R. Terrence Rendleman senior vice president of maintenance operations.
As planned on Thursday, Mr. Walesa left flew as planned to his hometown of Gdansk to spend the Easter holidays with his family.
Earlier research had shown that columns of cells in the primary visual cortex are highly selective for a particular visual stimulus.
He believes the church has made great progress over the years, but in social events, "I'd like to see better."
Until today, there had been no interest.
Becker, seeded second and ranked fourth, never faced a break point in the match and broke the 17th-ranked Bruguera twice in the first set and once in the second set.
Toss well, check for seasoning, and serve immediately.
The budget commission's report also concentrated on the city's difficulties in re-drawing its garbage collection routes.
Wholesome Letterman fans now outnumber the louche characters who once found the area attractive.
"We are talking about drawing more people into a pattern of exercise and activity," Dr.
We feel our bill would do a far better job in implementing these goals than the Clinton bill would."
I had no control over the situation.
Many of the best chefs, the ones who are fanatic about the quality of their ingredients, consider shopping as crucial as culinary technique.
Mr. Darnton sat back in his chair and said, "The question I hear around town now is: 'Why a gay rodeo?
The reality, he said, is that "the towns are not now, and never have been, from their founding, autonomous in any respect."
For whatever reason -- the opposition or whatever -- we did not play well in any of those three games.
The baby was born at 2 o'clock this morning.
Earlier the committee dealt with two other appropriations bills, at one point spending 45 minutes debating whether to spend $8.75 million on Radio Marti, which broadcasts from Florida into Cuba.
This blockbuster show clearly took its cue from Cecil B.
"I'd like to tell my side," The A.P.
'He's Got to Win' "He's got to win," his adviser and friend, Sterling McPherson, said yesterday, "because everybody is looking for him to fail."
But he's starting off in the wrong direction by asking Congress for more money for the coming year.
For the mechanically ungifted, Mr. Milano described the brake tester as "a computerized machine that literally gives customers an 'EKG' profile of their cars."
Dr. Jeff Amthor, a plant ecophysiologist at the Woods Hole Research Center in Woods Hole, Mass., said previous estimates of carbon accumulation in forests were based on harvesting of small numbers of trees.
Mr. Honig, who had been suspended from his post since his conviction, was automatically removed from the job when he was sentenced.
The timing of the Citibank grant could not have been better, Mr. Schmitz said.
"Those who are not prejudiced will be satisfied with my book.
But for now, we're not just going to sit and play the other game with you.
There is no doubt that the elephant campaign was a major factor in the organization's growth, McMeekin says, although the group also engaged in a membership drive during this period.
"It's just a way of guarding against changes," Steinberg said.
"I just wanted to come out and play well after the first half," Scott said.
So they flew to Long Beach.
"My husband has really come around," said Ms. Murray, who was elected to the Senate last year.
With Rickey and Lenny, you know that they're there.
But at some early stage a third and more vigorous virus had overgrown first Montagnier's cultures and, via the second of the samples he sent, those in Gallo's laboratory too.
Mr. Rostenkowski's principal talent, said a staff assistant to another Congressman who has observed the chairman closely for years, is "an unbelievable sense of knowing how much he has to give and how much he can take and still hold a majority vote."
But every one of 20 workers interviewed here cited a recent clash that they or a close colleague had had with a supervisor they considered overbearing.
The Mutual Funds column last Sunday, about qualifications of fund salespeople, misidentified a partner at the investment advisory firm Evensky & Brown in Coral Gables, Fla.
He was active at the station until just days ago, a Cornell representative said.
Forget about radiation leaks or effects on children.
But this rationale is transparently lame.
"Of a thousand people, of those who might commit suicide, I would never pick Vince," Hillary Clinton reportedly said.
what can you say these days?
"It is not our fault if the wealth of Iraq has been destroyed in repeated wars waged by its unrestrained irrational policy."
To the Editor: Regarding Emily Prager's article on sun-protection clothing ("Extreme Protection," Aug. 1): one wonders why Ms. Prager bothers to spend so much time at the beach, when that is the one place where the sun is most damaging to skin.
The 10-day Toyota Comedy Festival, which continues through June 12, is a well-conceived series of 52 events, many free, that seriously attempts to take the measure of the field.
All New Yorkers should hope the pressure finally produces constructive action.
Abortions for foreign visitors to the Czech Republic have been banned to prevent an influx of Polish women seeking to undergo the procedure, the Health Ministry announced today.
Asked on Friday what he thought about Russia reclaiming Alaska, Governor Hickel said, "We would like to take it back first."
Ms. Toth played harpsichord and organ and conducted a bit on the few occasions when her hands were unoccupied.
Many don't speak fluent English, which makes it difficult to conduct any follow-up investigations."
"Part of it may have been selfish, too: in a lot of ways, it's easier to spend a vacation with two 8-year-olds than with one 8-year-old."
CLEVELAND CAVALIERS -- Placed John Williams, center-forward, on the injured list.
In January, the state was told that its initial plan was inadequate and that it had until mid-1994 at the latest to file an acceptable plan before mandatory sanctions were imposed.
The bill's opponents were able to fend off cloture despite a daylong lobbying effort by the Clinton Administration.
When Mr. Feit was out of the water, a steady stream of people who had surfed with him over the last three decades came over to congratulate him on his victory in the national tournament.
Under terms of an agreement signed by Father Aristide and the country's military leader, Lieut.
The report also found that less than half the inspectors in the country had received formal training in determining the safety of water, and that new inspectors were trained by inspectors who had never been trained themselves.
At a meeting of the Thrift Depositor Protection Oversight Board, a Cabinet-level committee that supervises the agency, Treasury Secretary Lloyd Bentsen and Deputy Treasury Secretary Roger C. Altman said they would review every charge made at a September hearing of the Senate Banking Committee, where 13 whistle-blowers testified about waste, fraud and mismanagement at the agency.
Because of Hansen's height, 6 feet 5 inches, and his leaping ability, it is difficult for quarterbacks to throw passes he can't deflect.
"In a choice between two imperfect candidates," The Times concluded, "Mr. Dinkins is clearly the more worthy."
Among other starting pitchers who didn't make it were Chris Hammond of Florida (10-4), Bill Swift of San Francisco (10-5), Ben Rivera of Philadelphia (9-3) and Bob Tewksbury of St. Louis (9-6).
The prospective bridegroom graduated from the University of Michigan.
Broadband Technologies Inc. said today that it was planning an offering of three million common shares, one million of which will be offered by the company.
# Indicates a change of 75 percent or more from the previous month.
Though "Number 17" is an incoherent story about a gang of thieves, the ending is a hoot.
Asked whether the demands of reaching consensus made the document too general to be meaningful, Father Kung replied, "We have here a minimum ethic," a baseline to which all religions could hold themselves and others accountable.
"There will be opportunities for them to grow."
It was more the beginning, when I had very little responsibility.
But that strains credulity, and puts before New York voters a picture of Ms. Holtzman as someone with a conveniently fallible memory.
However, too many intriguing statements receive the most cursory attention in "Fire."
Jennifer Field and Derryl Gregory Lang, landmarks preservationists with the New York City Landmarks Preservation Commission, were married yesterday.
Bills and Smith in Accord The Buffalo Bills and the All-Pro defensive end, Bruce Smith, have apparently come to terms on a new four-year contract.
Weeks This Last On Week Week List Advice, How-to and Miscellaneous 1 1 8 AGELESS BODY, TIMELESS MIND, by Deepak Chopra.
"Help me with the notion of the guy," Mr. Kessel said.
But the story had been picked up by the media in cities to the west.
But the show's pleasures are many.
Noting that lobbyists like to say they are buying "access" to members of Congress and not outright support for an issue, Mr. Bromberg said the donations might frequently achieve little more than "an access gridlock."
Volume on the New York Stock Exchange was 258.7 million, up from 245 million on Monday.
The judge's offer did not require her husband to be sterilized.
When people become citizens, they accept our values, and most Americans are reassured."
But in announcing his own policy this week, Mr. Clinton never uttered the phrase "industrial policy," perhaps because he doesn't call for picking winners.
No question in children's literature is more complex than the tone to be aimed for, and even Mr. Alderson, I am certain, is not suggesting that "dancing round the maypole," as he would prefer children to do, is a choice for precisely the children Mr. Sendak would portray here, rather than snug and cozy readers at home.
I learned to cook vegetables right."
A top Administration official insisted today that Mr. DeConcini had not sought that prize, and that it had not been explicitly offered to him.
Under the crumbling plaster ceiling of his Paris studio, Martin Margiela, the Belgian-born designer, is giving a fashion seminar on his clothes.
Michigan State let Kansas back into the game midway through the fourth, when Mill Coleman dropped a punt on the Spartans' 20.
They also said the company has used its time in bankruptcy well.
Everything depends on the voice, because Ms. Hollingsworth is never seen.
Bought a la carte, costlier name-brand items are no better than generic ones.
N'Deti's name, however, was another matter.
"It's a titanic struggle," he said.
Dr. Irene H. Impellizzeri was one of only two holdovers.
The banks remain hobbled by a huge portfolio of such loans, most of them made to big industries whose markets collapsed along with the Soviet Union.
The Giants listed free safety MYRON GUYTON as questionable for Sunday because of a bruised shoulder.
Working with mice, the scientists have demonstrated several ways to promote scar-free healing.
Seven pickup trucks, loaded with police carrying automatic rifles, followed the procession.
In Europe alone, he said, there are more than 100 a year.
Many companies in the other camp make products compatible with those of the leaders.
"But now we don't even have our own stadium."
He graduated from the New York Institute of Technology.
I can't play without contact, and now that we're in the Big East, there's lots of it."
We apologize for any inconvenience."
Since Germany's camps were murder factories intended to achieve a "final solution" by killing all Jews, the comparison is convenient but not really accurate.
In the early 1950's, Juilliard received a wave of musicians from the newly created state of Israel.
They call it the World Series.
"Mike will be judged most on his level of candor," said Lampley.
The Under Secretary of State for International Security Affairs, Lynn E. Davis, reportedly received a cool reception in a visit to Beijing in late July.
The disappointment and frustration only escalated after the first as the Mariners bruised Abbott for six runs in five innings and then blitzed the bullpen for another six runs to breeze to a 12-4 victory over the Yankees and bump them two games behind the Jays.
"I think to spend $60,000 to 70,000 on a car is a waste of money," he said, "Plus it sends the wrong message."
The Gore plan was to say nothing until the high-riding Zhirinovsky said something outrageous and then to zap him with "reprehensible" and "anathema" (the same hifalutin language that marked Yegor Gaidar's campaign).
If Iraq were able to sell its oil again, Baghdad would have the money it needs to provide food and medical supplies for its people.
With the spotlight focused firmly on them, the 15 members of the Paramount board have become acutely aware of the risks and responsibilities they face as they weigh rival buyout offers from QVC and Viacom, which is expected to up the ante by tomorrow.
"And he makes a mean pot roast."
"Credibility is difficult to come by in Washington today," Mr. Clinton said in a speech to community and business leaders at Cooper Union in Manhattan.
"Him and I have talked, and he knows he's going to have to go through it.
Delegates to the 87th National Collegiate Athletic Association overwhelmingly passed legislation this afternoon that opens the door for women who enrolled in college before 1981 and are now returning to compete in intercollegiate athletics.
Even Harold Rosenberg emerges as a stud: His "prowess with women was legendary -- 'the girls seemed to chase after him,' said an admiring artist -- and perhaps second only to his reputation as a pinchpenny and a man who could hold his liquor."
The review will question what constitutes nuclear deterrence in the post-cold-war world, where the United States faces many small threats, stretching from Iraq to North Korea, rather than one large one from Moscow.
Paying sales loads for these shorter-term muni funds makes no sense because you can essentially forfeit a full year's yield.
Actually, there are two separate tales.
To make the recipes come out as well as they have, Mr. Prudhomme marshaled a small arsenal of homemade fruit syrups and thickeners made out of legumes and showed a willingness to use nonfat dairy products.
It dropped sharply, reaching about 28 francs on Wednesday and recovered somewhat today, closing at 31 francs.
"I thought that they had violated the law, but I had mixed emotions about whether it was good judgment to prosecute them.
When it comes to drumming up new business, she believes, lunches are overrated.
"It was very painful for him to say 'fan magazine.'
"The Tragedy of Sri Lanka" (editorial, May 5) is a welcome change.
"We're in the woods," an American official at the alliance's headquarters here acknowledged.
"Parents say to their children, 'Be careful with the police.'
Steven D. Burton, the company's general counsel, said the authority was afraid that the plant, now under construction in Scriba, would take customers away from the FitzPatrick reactor, and he said that Sithe would sell power to Consolidated Edison for a price lower than the authority would sell to the New York City government.
When she declined, she said, he began harassing her and threatening to harm her.
I don't think I need to be.
Mr. Haig is a take-charge kind of guy.
The lightweight wheels create a broader stance and accommodate wider tires.
The Bush Administration was criticized on Capitol Hill for handing out ambassadorships to close friends and wealthy Republicans who had contributed $100,000 to the Bush campaign.
New York: Alfred A. Knopf.
Carole S. Swick, planning commissioner for the Town of Brookhaven, wrote to Mr. Blankman in May that she supported neotraditional communities, but that the comment period for the town's environmental review of the project had expired.
"The goods that a writer produces," Mencken wrote in the preface, "can never be impersonal; his character gets into them as certainly as it gets into the work of any other creative artist, and he must be prepared to endure investigation of it, and speculation upon it, and even gossip about it."
Apparently, Common Cause and you now believe that comprehensive lobbying registration is too easy, so we should try something harder, like addressing the Congressional gift rules at the same time.
They are appealing their conviction under the money-laundering law on the ground that while they knew that banks are required to file "something" on cash transaction of more than $10,000, they did not know their own actions were illegal.
Alan Moore of the Ohio State Patrol said that six-foot snowdrifts briefly blocked one major highway, U.S. Route 322 near Chardon, and that roads and streets were impassable most of Sunday.
But an appeals court ruled on Aug. 20 that the judge lacked the authority to split jury selection from the trial, and it ordered the entire trial moved to Palm Beach County.
Yesterday, the PPM side was jubilant.
By contrast, respondents to the survey in the Chicago district reported that factory output had "strengthened considerably" in the last two months, bolstering employment, mainly reflecting a surge in the automotive sector.
When the captain is hit, he turns over the controls to the player with the best score, who gets to steer the capsule in for a landing.
And not least, a heavy dose of guilt for wishing one were elsewhere, for any tourist with only a few days to spend in Paris would gladly trade in the city's entire stock of a social housing for an afternoon at the Louvre.
Noodles With Green Peppers 3/4 pound medium-size noodles Salt and freshly ground pepper to taste 1 tablespoon olive oil 1 green pepper, cored and deveined, cut into 1 1/4-inch cubes 1 tablespoon butter 4 tablespoons grated Parmesan.
And you'd get your money's worth.
However, it is only fair that those accused in the report have due process.
But it seems like a wise move: the casino is too smoke-filled, too crowded and it's too late.
"He makes lots of loot -- that's what he do," says the girl, sticking her tongue out.
Rocca, an Italian, is in the field as Payne Stewart's replacement.
Now, at Landmark, they are attending the only college in the country exclusively for students with learning disabilities, like dyslexia -- a difficulty in learning to read despite adequate intelligence and conventional instruction.
The Assembly gave final approval to the bill during a one-day special session on Nov. 15.
His team was playing Villanova, and at the end of an overtime period -- one of three -- a shot bounced on the rim as Calhoun thought, "Raleigh."
Nagle's 1992 season was a rocky one: he threw only 7 touchdown passes, and had 17 interceptions.
In 1980, Congress amended that section of the law to provide that the Attorney General "shall not deport or return any alien" under those circumstances.
"I am not sure there is going to be that much savings," said Patricia M. Danzon, a professor at the Wharton School of Business at the University of Pennsylvania who has studied the administrative costs of health care in Canada and the United States.
In the right, he wrote: "1/5 black jack and a gram of cocaine."
Agape, he said nothing, avoiding the eyes of his 71-year-old mother, Jeanne, and his 31-year-old sister, Jan, whom he had phoned from jail the night before.
Rockets 82, SuperSonics 75 Otis Thorpe scored 20 points and helped host Houston through a rugged third quarter on its way to an 82-75 victory against Seattle in a matchup last night of the two teams with the best records in the National Basketball Association.
Their deaths are remembered and mourned.
But the stations' combined 16 percent market share gave it new airwave-power allure.
This case, United States v. Good, No.
Today Mr. Bush, who is appealing Judge Oberdorfer's injunction on the ground that it is an unconstitutional intrusion on the powers of the executive branch, named that appointee.
tournament, the Lakers will have history on their side.
In keeping with the tight secrecy surrounding many aspects of its efforts to end the standoff, a bureau official declined at a news briefing today to even discuss the rationale for the particular pieces of music chosen.
I drop everyone off, take a right and find another barricade with a cop.
The weekend after graduating, Mr. O'Connell packed for a flight to Dallas for a job interview (paid for by the prospective employer).
No negotiations took place yesterday.
Defense Secretary Aspin did spare two California installations -- McClellan Air Force Base near Sacramento and the Monterey Presidio -- but the state will still be socked with the loss of about 30,000 jobs.
pays up to 50 percent more in wages than its competitors, driving up its costs of production, said the official, who outlined some G.M.
I never close any doors."
An additional 23 are planning to leave the Florida market altogether, and those that remain want to cancel the coverage of nearly 900,000 home and business owners.
For more information about it, and about a network license, phone (800) 822-3522.
She raced six furlongs again and won by 17 lengths.
accused "plaintiff attorneys and others of creating a poisoned public and litigation climate in which an objective engineering evaluation and fair assessment are very difficult."
Indian bottlers will operate with local franchises.
Representative Jim Cooper, Democrat of Tennessee, lamented the Administration's new stance.
Now the pendulum is going the other way."
Her new accompanist was Aleksandr Gauk (later a well-known orchestra conductor), whom she married in 1921.
Zippy Mats are made by Wandix International of Tenafly, N.J., and are sold in Manhattan at New York Baby Proofing, 476 Columbus Avenue (near 83d Street).
But while the path of antitrust enforcement is changing, it is hard to say just where it is heading.
The alternative map her group has proposed for Bridgeport is composed of coherent neighborhoods, she said.
"I thought about it before the game," Tarasco said.
Yesterday's plunge in prices, which came after large numbers of professional and individual investors flocked to gold in hopes of easy profits, was a grim reminder of the volatility and riskiness of the commodities markets.
Michel Rocard, a former Prime Minister who is viewed as the Socialists' front-runner for France's 1995 presidential elections, said he was saddened by the result.
Signed Mike Pagliarulo, third baseman, and Randy Bush, outfielder, to one-year contracts.
5 Experts, 7 Answers Talk to four or five experts, you'll get six or seven answers.
A 23-year-old man who wears a hockey puck costume as the New Jersey Devils mascot is accused of molesting three female vendors during games, prosecutors said Friday.
A Longstanding Conflict Behind the role reversal is the longstanding Albany conflict between urban and suburban needs, which perennially pits the Democrats who control the Assembly against the Republicans who dominate the Senate in a struggle over money for education, transportation, health care and social services.
"Even in peace, patience is required."
Her father is a vice chairman of the New York Philharmonic and the secretary of the board St. Luke's-Roosevelt Hospital Center, both in New York.
The index rose just a tenth of a percent; economists had predicted that it would grow three-tenths of a percent.
Ms. Oolie, 24, graduated from Ithaca College.
There are seven times as many ticket requests as tickets.
James Ross opens the 28th Woolsey Hall season of the Yale Symphony with Shostakovich's First Symphony enclosed by Weber's "Oberon" Overture and Rachmaninoff's Third Piano Concerto featuring Yale senior Alex Solomon (432-4140).
You remember Alan, whose mournful countenance the cameras caught sitting next to the First Lady in the balcony during the President's Inaugural Address.
It is quiet at the refinery, other than the hum of machines.
Mrs. Jahate told the court that she did not know the practice was banned and that she was acting according to her religious beliefs.
"The armed forces has some of the most enlightened policies on H.I.V.
She had been inching her car down the street one afternoon last week, stopping in front of stores to pick up presents she had ordered.
"I was given private financing by the seller when I bought my first co-op 20 years ago," said Marc Luxemburg, president of the council.
Dr. Copeland says the problem is caused by a powerful twisting of the ligaments that attach the heel bone to the five metatarsal bones.
There is the Malibu world of the movie stars and studio chiefs who come to him for guidance.
And with theater in mind, Mr. Mapes splurged on the Armani ensemble, dropped his middle initial -- J for Joseph -- and is bringing on two assistants.
Low interest rates, lively motor-vehicle sales and robust capital spending should keep driving the economy forward, the panel contended.
'It's a Daily Thing' Interviews with high school teachers and students in the Washington area tend to bolster the survey's findings that unwanted and sometimes threatening sexual behavior is common.
Maloney sent a "Dear George" letter, dated Jan. 18, to Arum and Weathers, offering the 44-year-old Foreman a fight after Lewis's mandatory defense against TONY TUCKER on April 24 in London.
Although many airlines are installing more and more of their own electronics on their planes, like telephones and video screens in seat backs, they say that these are protected in such a way that flight equipment is not disturbed.
Carroll is resigned to the fact that he is coaching a senior contender now.
But, she claims, "I'm just average looking.
If you are ejected from the game, you are automatically suspended for the next one, including bowl games.
and others are considering features like coolers and appliances like fax machines.
Investment and hiring are being delayed, the central bank said, by those twin uncertainties.
The microbes involved in spoilage require water to live and multiply, he said.
Catalogues of Works In addition, the Metropolitan published catalogues for two separate exhibitions from his collections.
There are suddenly dramatic moments: dancers quivering on the floor, Mr. Sabado plunging headlong into a diagonal, Mr. Baryshnikov and two other men running constantly like nurses to support two women who seem about to collapse.
Why is "60 Minutes" different from other television news magazines?
The day of the corset top may have passed, but the other revivals were eye-openers.
Mr. Kessel, as executive director of the State Consumer Protection Board, has a public duty to object to Lilco's surcharge request.
When he does have time off, he plays politics.
You can laze on the porch swing, stroll the grounds or, if you're serious about exploring, have a rental bike delivered.
America is his second home and if he gets his wish, he'll play three more years in New Jersey, retire, then maybe bring all of his relatives over from his war-torn homeland to Orlando, Fla., where he has bought a house.
"All we have to do is get on the phone and we can have a title fight right now," said De La Hoya's trainer, Robert Alcazar.
And in September, P.& G. abruptly shut its subsidiary that marketed juices under the Citrus Hill brand name.
In fact, he said, she was paraphrasing the views of others.
In the 36 hours that preceded the airport meeting, Bosnian commanders in Srebrenica had been negotiating through United Nations officers for a surrender.
He faults Albany for taxes and programs that have hurt Westschester and says a loss of 40,000 jobs is part of a statewide recession.
C8 Parent & Child C9 Arts/Entertainment C11-18 Martha Graham centenary.
Sophistication and Simplicity The Silver Spoon mixes sophistication and simplicity, the earthy and the elaborate.
But the two haven't played in a tournament together in several years, and Trevino downplayed the idea of a showdown.
Saks Fifth Avenue, 11 blocks from the new store, has just completed a renovation of its men's store, aware of the Barneys reputation for having the broadest, deepest range of men's clothing in the country.
That is significantly higher than the Congressional Budget Office's 2.7 percent-a-year forecast that the Administration used in its original estimates.
These images also demonstrate a second theme in Mr. Morell's work: somewhat sinister pictures of domestic scenes.
Captain Turner's trial is likely to begin in the next few weeks.
"The imam's stance is always pro-America," said Nevorn K. Askari, a 37-year-old pediatrician and a member of the Atlanta masjid.
In 1936 he married Miriam M. Kellner.
"They know me from my movies -- they've been on television a lot lately," he said.
And if you don't believe him, he says, he does not care.
Hammering out critical details has not been easy, however, and some officials here doubt that negotiators will meet their Dec. 13 deadline unless the pace is picked up.
But he added that he was uncertain about Tulane's announcement that it would suspend the program, saying that could violate the 19th-century ordinance authorizing the mayoral scholarships.
The Bosnian forces have relatively few heavy guns, a few dozen compared to approximately 300 or more deployed by the Serbian forces.
Photocopies of the letters from the dissident, Wei Jingsheng, have been smuggled to newspaper publishers in Hong Kong.
He did six projects before undertaking this one, all large-lot mountain residential subdivisions.
The only wrinkle is that it means dealing with one of the world's most unsavory regimes, a pariah state, and Israel must figure out where to draw the line between legitimate national self-interest and dubious diplomatic overture, especially in a time of multinational action.
Mr. Cohen, a graduate of Hobart College, is a sales service executive for the Turner Sports Networks in Atlanta.
The line is from "The Postman Always Rings Twice," James M. Cain's steamy novel of the 1930's that became a movie four times over.
Her mother teaches mathematics at St. James Elementary School in Manchester, Conn. Dr. Morelli, 30, is a mathematics researcher with the Institute for Advanced Study at Princeton University.
But after spending the last few weeks loading their parachutes, water, food and survival tools (including three pistols) aboard Earthwinds, things began to go wrong.
Despite his relegation to a backup role with Buffalo last season, Bailey becomes the Giants' highest-paid linebacker, above the likes of Lawrence Taylor and Carl Banks.
Project Concern's goal was to promote integration and to provide those opportunities by busing children out of the city.
The discussion, "Tales of the Sandwich Generation," will address the role of professional women in caring for aging parents.
Fueling a good deal of the worry, however, is simple confusion.
"On this issue," said Rudolf Bauer, the Mayor of Kosice, "I am not optimistic."
So he invented a set of bowls, similar to a sieve, designed to separate the puffed corn from the brittle kernels.
METRO DIGEST FEARS GROW OVER HEALTH-CARE CHANGES Dr. Bruce H. Yaffe, a Manhattan gastroenterologist, is, like doctors across the country, waiting anxiously to see how the Clinton Administration's proposals for overhauling the health-care system will alter his life.
"Of all the countries to ask to do this, Mexico must be the least appropriate," a senior Mexican Foreign Ministry official said.
Members of Congress are given allowances to pay for office expenses like pens, stationery and postage.
The possibility that AMR might avoid a downgrading is one reason why the spread between AMR 30-year bonds and Treasuries was much narrower than the spread for Delta.
Two passengers died today and at least one other was in critical condition after a chartered fishing boat with 23 people aboard sank in high winds in Chesapeake Bay, the authorities said.
"There's something about the neighborhood and the look of the synagogue and the inside of the sanctuary that is this interesting blend of old and new, traditional and progressive," said Debra Cantor, the rabbi for the last six years.
131 by Bach, "Missa Brevis in D" by Mozart, with choir, instrumental ensemble, and Judith Strang, soprano; Blanche Porto, mezzo-soprano; George Spear, tenor; Jerome Tureck, bass.
She considers each Tibetan an emissary of that message.
"But you have to be a soccer player all the time and consider that it is a dignity to be one."
The out-of-control escalation of intimidation tactics, reinforced by videotape low-lights of pro and college games, explains how a scrap between two freshmen after the whistle can escalate into a clash of roving mobs.
"The solution always was just to deport the women," said Lisa Hofman, a Dutch activist.
Mr. Dinkins even has a square button (for squares?).
But the House would tax and spend about $30 billion more than the Senate.
Mr. Diller has told friends in recent months that his hunger for Paranmount is hardly a personal quest but a matter of business sense.
Peanut M & M's come in dark brown, yellow, red, green and orange.
Rich Elbaum, a spokesman for the medical center, said the cause was liver failure.
"It is historic," Joseph R. Blasi, a professor of labor and management relations at Rutgers University, said of the accord.
I looked at it and I said, 'Dad I could do that.'
Mr. Kaye later wrote letters to his aunt, who lives on Fishers Island, N.Y., and assured her that her money was safe and she would be receiving monthly checks and statements, as well as $25,000 to $35,000 to pay her taxes.
United Water shares closed at $15 yesterday, up 12.5 cents, on the New York Stock Exchange, while GWC closed at $17.25, up 50 cents, in Nasdaq trading.
"Now my conservative Republican opponent says he wants to destroy this program," Mr. Dinkins said, "abandoning the gains won from the sweat and toil of minorities and women who now have the opportunity to compete fairly."
Moreover, according to Mary Ann Rothman, the executive director of the Council of New York Cooperatives, a board is not obliged to give any reason.
(The Met also presented the cycle on four Saturdays.)
Stretch dresses are marginally more confining, but the trade-off is that they do shape the body.
For a month, nothing has been as it should be for the children in this blue-collar town.
"The United States could credibly threaten them not only with the loss of power, but with dispossession.
He said that the projected recovery time is a minimum of six weeks and that "it may take a little longer."
A former member of the Glen Oaks Club on the Island, who now plays out of Boca West in Florida, Spring credited his irons for the accuracy in his two marvelous rounds.
But within just a few weeks it was clear that that was not enough.
It was during school integration in Little Rock, and Mr. B. said, 'I hope Governor Faubus is watching.'
But what turned the game around was Coleman's teammates getting back in the flow in the second half.
Mrs. Huffington was the last to speak.
He added: "I would like to see the placing completed.
Aspects of New Policy As described by Mr. Sheridan and Ms. Feldblum, the Pentagon's recommendation will include the following: *Public and private declarations of homosexual orientation would be prohibited, except when speaking to a chaplain, psychologist or someone in a medical emergency.
In most cases, the polio virus causes widespread but symptomless infection.
Gilkey continues to hit impressively, batting .321 at the moment.
At first, people will feel sorry.
Two major episodes featured Mr. Cunningham.
Suddenly, the Iraqi leader had maneuvered himself to the top of Mr. Clinton's dance card.
Good speechmaking, according to Mr. Cuomo, requires a tone and subject that are appropriate to the audience, a deep belief in what is being said, and clear explanation.
"But then I looked around in the last couple of years and saw how Roger Craig went and then Ronnie Lott and I began to realize it could one day be me.
The Royals, with whom his father closed his career in 1974, drafted MALCOLM CEPEDA, 20, in the 13th round on the first day of baseball's amateur draft.
It was fun to work with her.
Ms. Joseph said that if teachers' skills were inadequate, the problem might lie with their supervision.
Most of the 250 people who crowded into Donna Karan's gold-colored showroom on Tuesday morning to preview her fall men's wear collection were conservatively dressed in safe, serious dark suits.
Her brother, Charles Steir, was taken into custody and was being questioned early today, the police said.
Messrs. McCurdy and Stenholm are responding to middle-class constituents who complain, with justification, that they elected Mr. Clinton because he vowed to lower their taxes, cut wasteful Federal spending and reduce the oversized deficit.
is still investigating the municipal bond business and could uncover abuses that will further embarrass the industry.
But it did not stop there.
On a recent visit to the famous garden, Inverewe, the the former director, Douglas Henderson, was our guide.
Notice how, in return, my new villain says nothing disrespectful about me.
And mummy mania, spurred by gallery shows of Egyptian exports, swept the land.
"Now let me see, I want to get this right," Mr. Fry said.
The "no names" entertainment lawyer was popping off rounds in the range on the other side of the wall, and the paper target that Mr. Behm had placed 50 feet in front of us flapped gently with each round.
Historically, it's been an incredibly poor investment."
A lot of the underpayments are fairly easily captured.
Often, a company's name is tied to a project as a form of image-preening.
Food Stocks Turn Lower Also showing strength were the high-technology stocks, with analysts noting that shipments of computer chips are expected to be higher in 1994.
Bill O'Neill, executive vice president in charge of labor for Mr. Murdoch's worldwide News Corporation, will lead the management.
There is a line that we will not cross in that player-coach relationship even though we are friends."
The biggest marketing tool these lines have is authenticity, which is why department stores have not made a success of knocking off the look.
Soloists include Elmar Oliveira, Viktoria Postnikova and Steven Isserlis.
18 Purdue (14-5, 5-5 Big Ten) held off Minnesota (12-7, 4-6) in West Lafayette, Ind.
This was the last of four Bullets games played in Baltimore this season, and Washington's only victory.
Self-employed private entrepreneurs will be allowed to benefit directly from their work.
Mr. Rubin also disclosed he had significant contact with 42 Goldman clients, most of them foreign companies or countries.
The Zulus living in Natal seldom confuse the two.
"To me, there are people out there, deserving people, who've had bad breaks," said Stewart, who is 7-0 with a 1.99 in league championship action and will likely see a new look to Chicago's lineup.
But Mr. Carter says he writes as a liberal who wants liberal politics to reclaim the religious vocabulary (and respect for religion) that has been largely ceded to the right in recent years.
"A TRIBUTE TO LAURIE COLWIN," Brentano's, 597 Fifth Avenue, at 48th Street.
Nor do consumers here enjoy the protection of a product liability law.
The personal fouls gave him great pain.
The answer came yesterday in the form of a written pronouncement that "in keeping with White House tradition," Mr. Gergen was resigning from every organization he belonged to.
It's not often that science, industry and government can agree on the causes of a complicated problem and then work to solve it.
They all stand to gain, officials say, from a rebuilt West Side Highway with a new Hudson River park at its side.
"When I'm in the studio with people, I have to be the host; I have to be politer," he said in a tone one might use with a rather ill-mannered child.
"I can't even bend it," King said, holding up the bandaged finger.
But with virtually no reinforcement in school curriculums, the prognosis is often poor.
Airlines Draw Blame Mayor Webb said several important features like the baggage system have not been completed.
There are antiviral drugs that have shown activity against this class of viruses."
10,000 More Troops Authorized Today's resolution authorized the Secretary General to send up to 10,000 additional peacekeeping troops to guard the Bosnian capital, Sarajevo, as well as the towns of Tuzla, Zepa, Srebrenica, Gorazde and Bihac.
The college is on Route 9G, three miles north of the intersection with Route 199, which is off the Taconic Parkway's Rhinebeck-Red Hook Exit.
We wanted people to see that this was just a stupid waste of taxpayers' money."
"The pose probably goes back to the days when exposure times for film were very long.
Corps officials now contend that the action proposed by the city would only have lowered the level of the other river, the Raccoon, by two inches.
Flach also won the Open doubles in 1985 with Robert Seguso.
Even some enforcers of the sanctions are idle.
The Small Press Center at 20 West 44th Street was founded to encourage independent small presses, including self-published authors -- but not vanity presses.
"A Gathering," also by Ms. Ballard, featured AnneBruce Falconer, Christina Medina, Danielle Sturk and Suzanne Trepanier as priestesses to Ms. Gillis's head witch in an odd ritual.
The foray into merchandising was actually not a natural second career for "Life's Little Instruction Book" precisely because its first life was as a book.
Ms. Schulman's career began at Over 21 magazine, which was founded by Audrey Slaughter, who is married to Ms. Wintour's father.
Scientists have long believed that sperm whales, which have a row of formidable teeth along their bottom jaw and use the echoing of sound waves to find the squid they feast upon, were close kin of dolphins and porpoises.
Vehicles made in Canada and Mexico, as well as in the United States, are considered domestic, regardless of where the manufacturer is based.
Boccioni's style is summed up here in a marvelous and luminous painting, "The Forces of the Street" (1911), in which the interlocking blocks of color suggest an image as craggy as an outcropping of rock.
Although the larger ships provide much more comfort and stability, one ends up losing intimacy and attention from the guides as one tramps along the trails in a line with 20 or more other people.
"I'll talk about the things the others won't in this party.
Tartabull insisted today that he "is not paid to win batting titles."
The department's seasonal budget of $215,000, out of the department's total of $1.7 million, pays for 38 special officers who are trained at the police academy.
In a recent interview, Senator Malcolm Wallop of Wyoming, the ranking Republican member of the energy committee, accused President Clinton of nominating someone "from America's radical left fringe."
This is an election year, for the Mayor's office and the City Council -- not a situation that's likely to produce tax increases or bold cuts in city spending.
report is preliminary step -- it is not the final determination.
Those who don't remember that goal, that game, that series or Foster Hewitt will be enlightened by hockey's special relationship to Canadian culture.
Certainly, anyone wishing to hear every word should have that choice.
He's looking a bit haggard lately.
"The impression we're getting is he was shooting anyone he saw," said Lieut.
She said the commission would determine "whether or not there is probable cause to believe the seminary may have discriminated against Professor Good."
On Oct. 8, in his last appearance on stage, to take a bow at the conclusion of the Paris premiere of his new production of "La Bayadere," he looked gaunt and had to be helped to walk.
New York's First Studio Store Although there are 21 Warner Brothers outlets nationwide, this would be New York City's first taste of a studio store.
Mr. Leotard was speaking on television after his return from a two-day visit to some of the 5,000 French troops assigned to the United Nations peacekeeping force in the former Yugoslavia.
And despite every paragraph's insinuation that Gallo was capable of stealing the French virus, it failed to offer proof he had done so.
And unfortunately that's what my opponent is doing now with elderly people.
I have been in publishing for three years, in editorial, and have yet to make more than $20,000 a year.
They were ostensibly protesting Chicago's troubled school system, but a few also carried signs declaring it was time for another black mayor.
A Two-Month Absence Hoiles suffered a fractured wrist during the 1992 season when Tim Leary of the Yankees hit him with what the Orioles were convinced was an illegal pitch.
Of course, if economic growth stalls -- as it seems to have done in the second quarter, when the growth rate fell to less than 1 percent -- Congress could revive economic-stimulus measures, as President Clinton had requested at the outset of his term.
Last Monday, after American helicopters carried out air strikes against General Aidid's headquarters, a mob killed four foreign journalists and United Nations forces came under attack.
I think they matter, and I think the people of our city think that they matter."
Lisa Culler, an alumna of the program who is studying for a graduate degree in education in a Long Island University program at Mercy College in Dobbs Ferry, said: "I remember a lot of different games and toys and how the program helped me learn my ABC's and numbers.
For this hopefully has developed a meaning, a nuance, that cannot be approximated by any other word or combination of words.
Creating New Teams "We used the lawsuit prospectively," said Mr. Boyd, who represented NOW.
Asked how quickly the Security Council could endorse the plan, Yuli M. Vorontsov, the current president of the Council and Russia's representative, said: "We are only at the beginning.
He talked with Mr. Icahn a few years ago, expressing interest in acquiring T.W.A.
Early the next morning, Aug. 14th, we woke to a howling wind, driving snow and near-zero visibility.
"None of the contractors wanted to do it, they said it was all wrong.
Patricia Arquette Clifford Worley .
He said he played only two rounds of golf since, both at the Sheraton El Conquistador Resort in Tucson, Ariz. (AP)
Last week, the Congress Party Government found it necessary to garrison the capital and arrest 100,000 people to forestall the threat that enormous Hindu demonstrations would bring the Government down.
He said he "welcomed the statement" but did not feel the search had broken down.
At the widest part of the lake, she spotted a red-breasted merganser diving for fish, and she remembered how thrilled she was the day she actually saw a purple gallinule.
And Mr. Weinstein's Philadelphia firm was appointed bond and special litigation counsel for the utilities authority, producing $600,000 for the firm in the next two years and spinning off contracts with other Democratic-controlled public agencies.
But whoever gets the job will face large obstacles in trying to wrench cost savings from suppliers and internal G.M.
Other cities have variations on that policy.
These influences were apparent in "Sotoba Komachi," which she presented on Wednesday night.
Mark Waterman Ariadne Utterword .
And the friend who is a sergeant in an elite Army unit, who listens daily to his recruits say they will kill the first soldier in their unit who says he's gay and who told me that even if the ban is lifted, he would not have the "moral courage" to come out.
Although Florida outworked New Jersey for most of the game, the Devils still managed to find a way to win the kind of game they lost in the past.
The military leaders' reluctance to accept the plan has been strengthened in recent weeks by a series of Bosnian military successes against Croatian nationalists in central Bosnia, north and west of Sarajevo, and, in recent days, by Bosnian advances against Croatian forces around the contested city of Mostar in the southwest.
Dear Diary: To be filed under "So If I'm Such a Feminist, Why Am I Feeling Wistful?"
But factors much more directly within the Mayor's control also contributed to the current fiscal distress.
It is not the fear of defeat that has prompted this decision.
The recent French elections allowed the conservative coalition to win about 80 percent of the parliamentary seats with about 40 percent of the popular vote.
The level of alarm out there is, well -- hopefully it's enough to beat the religious right tomorrow."
It is in San Bernardino County, just west of Chino, and abuts Los Angeles and Orange Counties.
4 The political struggle in Japan signals a farewell.
One gets a sense of the events of the Carter years, but sometimes wishes for a better sense of the man himself.
An example of an unusual work on the company's agenda is Smetana's comic masterpiece, "The Bartered Bride," fully staged and sung in English translation with orchestra.
The police had collected the bones, leaving only ashes and a sign: "Ernest the Boss is Dead."
We all say we don't want to keep on doing these true-crime movies but then these numbers come in and what choice do we have?
Suggested admission is $5, $4 for seniors, $2.50 for children under 12.
"This here is an oasis," said Jalil Bottom, serving 35 years to life for the killing of a police officer.
The son recalled later: "I always melted.
Yields on one-year bills fell to 3.28 percent as the discount fell two basis points, to 3.17 percent.
Such programs are a convenient way of determining everyone who is currently connected to a computer on a network, and modern systems can comfortably run hundreds of these programs at once.
Lakers 98, Timberwolves 78 MINNEAPOLIS (AP)-- A. C. Green scored 17 points and had 9 rebounds to lead Los Angeles over Minnesota.
But in an illustration of his reservations about the American approach and his concern over the capture of General Aidid, Mr. Boutros-Ghali said: "I believe that these initiatives will, with your support, help to shift media attention away from the hunt for Aidid.
He graduated from Kenyon College.
Most silver grains in traditional film are cubes.
Mr. Schumann is the progenitor.
The victory, with Aaron Gryder aboard, was the sixth in 13 starts this year for Michelle Can Pass, who carried 113 pounds over the 1 5/8-mile race in 2:454/5 .
But the rally, traders and analysts said, was not necessarily a positive response to Congressional approval of President Clinton's deficit reduction plan late Friday.
The Army, it said, has not allocated money for upgrading its Abrams tank, even though the program remains a high priority.
"There's no other person out there.
"The sad commentary is that the kid isn't relying on his father any more," Arum said.
Knowing How to Execute ABC executives argued that the comparison is not apt because Mr. Iger took charge of a prime-time schedule already on the upswing, and saw his role as supervising the program group that had put many of these hits in place.
Larry, the talk-show host, is played by Garry Shandling, once a frequent guest host for Johnny Carson and now, with the late-night scene churning furiously, being mentioned as a candidate for his own show, possibly after the new David Letterman package on CBS.
Gold prices also settled mostly higher.
On St. Simons, an island of 12,000 residents about 290 miles southeast of Atlanta and just 45 miles north of Florida, marshfront lots of 0.75 acre cost about $100,000, Mr. Mims said.
That news is that the property-tax base is eroding.
Mr. Guerrero, who is 36, describes himself as a typical Saturn employee, someone who is concerned about problems like engine fires and is sensitive to differences with his new neighbors.
Those with serious problems are taken to a hospital.
"A little world within itself" was how Charles Darwin described the rare laboratory of biological evolution that is the Galapagos, an archipelago of 19 islands 600 miles west of South America.
It was the first time Hampton has beaten Grambling in this annual event -- Hampton lost, 22-3, to the Tigers in 1990 -- but it was the second time Hampton Coach Joe Taylor has defeated Grambling.
Since the elections last week, Foreign Minister Klaus Kinkel of Germany has sounded less sure that his country would still support an American proposal to increase cooperation between members of NATO and former members of the Warsaw Pact.
At times the band drifted into light Latin jazz, which kept it from swinging as hard as it should and accentuated a prettiness that seemed more like Hollywood than New York.
"Coercive diplomacy" would become the order of the day.
Stores are also awaiting what they call "source tagging," an electronic tag imbedded in a cassette or CD that can be detected at the door to prevent theft; a universal system may be in place within 18 months.
-- Stanley v. Georgia (1969) ON DESEGREGATION "Today's holding, I fear, is more a perceived reflection of a public mood that we have gone far enough in insuring the Constitution's guarantee of equal justice than it is a product of neutral principles of law.
At a time when institutional investors have pressured American corporations to lay off thousands of workers, Labor Secretary Robert B. Reich is seeking to persuade these powerful investors to soften their stance.
The underground arms trade out of Cambodia is a murky business, conducted across the porous Thai border at night by arms traders who are said to hide the weapons in trucks used to transport produce and hay.
Mr. and Mrs. Maxim de Winter return to Cornwall; a sequel to Daphne du Maurier's "Rebecca."
Alex Romero, a cousin, said Mr. Sanchez had "no vices, no enemies" and, because he was "respectful" and "humble," few problems with other people.
The military draws over four-fifths of its blood supply from its own people.
Tommy is given to melodrama and recognizes his weakness.
(212) 687-1661 Sewerooter (B) .
As attacks against foreigners continue, Turkish leaders in Berlin have announced plans for a one-hour strike on Friday.
The political stories that made lively reading five years ago -- like denunciations of Mao or proposals for more democracy -- are still too sensitive, and perhaps too dull for many readers.
Volkswagen has demanded cuts of up to 8,500 workers of the 13,500 employees at the factory, once a symbol of Spain's rapid transition from underdeveloped country to industrial nation.
Xavier 73, New Orleans 55 Aaron Williams and Brian Grant each scored 20 points and Xavier did not allow a field goal for more than six minutes in the second half to upset No.
Instead, the name of Pat Hentgen will appear in the ninth spot and another name, most likely John Olerud, will be missing from the card.
After Lance Miller made one of two foul shots for Villanova, Steve Lappas, the Wildcats' first-year coach, was hit with a technical with 5:55 to play after he protested too vigorously on a foul.
Would you also use him as a source in stories about former President Gerald Ford, the baseball star Jim Palmer, the Olympic champion diver Greg Louganis, the figure skaters Kitty and Peter Carruthers, to name a few?
Mrs. Nichols, 48, graduated from Smith College and received a Ph.D. in Islamic art and architecture from Harvard University.
An Economic Battle "If Christie laying out her tax-cut economic plan can win, I think it will give courage to a lot of other people to try, particularly if she succeeds in implementing the policy and it brings the economy back," Mr. Rollins said.
Later, two F-16's dropped four cluster bombs at an antiaircraft artillery gun near Bashiqa, an airfield 15 miles northeast of Mosul.
The district runs from the once-proud boardwalk along the Rockaway Beach through the island community of Broad Channel to the neighborhoods of Howard Beach, Ozone Park and Woodhaven.
I spent my time reading, relaxing and laughing with the other passengers for the whole three days.
'A Lot Less Room' for Returns "It is pretty scary," said Thomas A. Shively, a senior vice president at State Street Research, a money management firm in Boston.
"Every game will be important for us in this respect."
But by creating a deeper understanding of humanity they wind up evoking a sense of exhilaration in the audience.
Though the Freer stands in the shadows of Washington's other renowned museums and has a reputation for being a somewhat forbidding place, it has always had its ardent fans.
And the commission added as direct defendants the five separate bond funds set up by Towers between July 1990 and May 1992.
Greg Graham was called for an offensive foul, his fourth, 10 seconds later.
The car failed to explode, but two Israelis were injured and the assailant was later caught as he tried to escape.
And so, with the spotlight off her crowd, Ms. Roehm ventured out on her own on Thursday night to Lincoln Center Theater's spring gala.
Her father retired as the chairman and chief executive of General Public Utilities in Parsippany, N.J. Mr. Babington, 29, is an insurance broker at Marsh & McLennan Inc. in New York.
What matters is that Mr. Jackson was there, for his fans, for every hungry consumer of celebrity who couldn't make a sensible story from all the rumors, the brief appearances and the music that seems so distant from the man.
In Los Angeles, the clock operator failed to start the clock with 32 seconds to play and the Raiders at the Jets' 7.
Like the initial American decision to drop food and medicine into the area, the importance of other countries' taking part is primarily symbolic, since only a small amount of supplies can be delivered by air compared with what could be sent if land convoys were not blocked.
"What was true then continues, unfortunately, this year.
They want to sit down with the Croats and perhaps the Muslims and simply cut the country into three parts.
The women offered no response, but reached into their own bags to see if their eggs had survived.
The house was given over to a tenant and a workshop.
I hold it in front of me.
Mario M. Okubo, Altec's manager, put it more simply.
But the authors, who are sociologists, draw upon a "sociology of frontiers," noting that colonial settlements like New York and Charleston were disproportionately populated by uprooted young males and no more "filled with God-fearing, Sunday-go-to-meeting folks" than later Wild West vacation spots like Dodge City and Tombstone.
Just last month, Alliant Techsystems called off its acquisition of the Olin Corporation's ammunition business when the F.T.C.
; two brothers, Isidore of Sun City West, Ariz., and Sidney of Palm Beach, Fla., and four grandchildren.
If famine remains the enemy, its agents must be quickly and severely stopped.
In the other group United States No.
QVC shares fell $1.125, to $43.625, and Viacom's stock was unchanged at $49.
He and Dr. Greenberg said patients should have the phone numbers of the doctor who performed the procedure, the anesthesiologist (if one was involved) and the center where the procedure was done.
It soon develops that Claire and Noel may be ready to discover the meaning of life in more personal terms.
The group includes Housing Secretary Henry G. Cisneros; Peter B. Edelman, a Deputy Secretary at the Department of Health and Human Services; Carol Rasco and Bruce Reed of the White House Domestic Policy Council; Roy Neel, the deputy chief of staff, and Mark D. Gearan, the White House communications director.
Senate aides said Ms. Guinier had emphasized in her meetings that her proposed remedies would apply only in isolated situations when there was a finding that other solutions had not worked.
"I know we're going to try to win it all," Mattingly said.
But if the profit outlook seems more in doubt, the board may decide the financially prudent thing to do is slice the dividend by more than half, analysts said.
They also dole out positive and negative points for things like following instructions and being polite.
Other recommended appetizers are the crisp fried calamari; the sauteed wild mushrooms paired with creamy polenta; the platter of grilled vegetables; the sure-fire mating of fresh mozzarella, roasted peppers and tomatoes in a basil-infused olive oil, and the imposing bruschetta of grilled Tuscan bread, chopped tomatoes, melted mozzarella and thinly sliced prosciutto.
cry the scientists, when one of the milky-eyed undead begins behaving in mischievous ways.
But because the October contract expired yesterday, technical factors appeared to have contributed to much of its rise.
Bryan Hickerson (3-1) allowed both runs and eight hits in six innings, striking out four and walking one.
President Slobodan Milosevic of Serbia has ignored an international campaign for Draskovic's release.
It was most appropriate that the United States recognize the French input in the establishment of America."
After Dell was acquired by Doubleday, Dial was shut down.
"A lot of times you actually get to hang around because of the coaches or owners or whomever else," he said.
"When Cleveland goes with that big lineup, it really takes a toll on you," said Coleman.
"This is the year of the dinosaur," he said with a loud laugh.
"Half of my problem is trying to do too darn much, trying to hit 50 home runs, when I know darn well my swing isn't conducive to that.
Ms. Gund added that finding an alternative exhibition space for the museum is "not just a dream on paper."
"I only remember a few words of my mother's.
Webber, during tense moments, rubs his shaven head against Rose's.
Quinn Neal, the heart association's executive director in South Carolina, said his group and the cancer society had each collected about $10,000 from the enterprise so far.
In her first interview since her attacker escaped a prison term, Seles told CNN yesterday that "when my brother first told me the sentence, I thought he was joking.
National League CINCINNATI REDS -- Named Davey Johnson major league consultant and Bobby Valentine advance scout and advisor for player personnel.
Oct. 13 -- Chancellor Ramon C. Cortines reinstates the 10 administrators removed by Mr. Fernandez.
It also announced efforts to enforce what the officers call quality-of-life laws, like the towing of illegally parked cars, an operation that has led to protests in the neighborhood and cost Officer John Williamson his life three weeks ago, when a spackling bucket thrown from a rooftop hit him on the head.
But after seven years of managerial tinkering and ownership battles, the West 57th Street Concrete Corporation is bankrupt, and each year the city is paying $270,000 to $300,000 more for concrete than it would on the open market, according to construction industry experts.
"I just kept hitting it close to the hole, and today I made the putts," said Fehr, who had putted poorly in shooting a 70 at Tamarisk on Friday.
1 pick to sign a contract under the league's new free-agency system and collective bargaining agreement, which places limits on the amount that teams can spend on rookie salaries.
One can argue that this picture has been seen so often that viewers no longer recognize how daring and expressive it is.
Lemieux tried to come back too soon and had one goal and six assists in four games.
He complained to the judge, who complained to the prosecutor, who began an investigation, which eventually led to the conclusion that at least 22 people, including reporters at competing newspapers, had learned of the court custody order within a few hours.
It's very difficult for me not to discuss the allegations, but in fairness to the football team, it will not be a distraction."
But the Serbian leader has cited this case as one of the reasons he wants to move the negotiations back to Geneva.
Detectives asked Mr. Wanger's grandmother for a peacoat and Mr. Wanger's sneakers in their first search, Detective Barr said, then returned for the trench coat and another pair of sneakers the second time.
Kansas 103, Rollins 56 LAWRENCE, Kan. (AP) -- Eric Pauley scored 21 points for the Jayhawks (17-2), upset at home by Long Beach State in their previous game.
Officials estimate that the program has kept 100,000 students in school.
Four herds are still quarantined around El Paso.
A member of her Pakistan People's Party was sworn in to the new caretaker Cabinet.
It is a frightening thought, but the Blue Jays are even better than they were last year, when they won the World Series.
The wedding guest from West Virginia, an artist, said she had had two successful shows since she started taking it 18 months ago.
"Frankly, this works both ways," he said.
"This was a welcome change," said Robert F. Buchanan, a retail analyst for Alex.
Mr. Hawkins and Silicon Graphics' chairman, Mr. Clark, are outspoken rivals who have both indicated that they each want to play a role in shaping the interactive computer market.
I just bought on impulse, an impulse that, almost 10 years later, I'm still glad I indulged.
His mother is an administrator for the Dadeland Mall in Miami.
Dr. Wainer theorized that the greater efficiency he found in female swimmers, as opposed to men, might be a result of women's having more body fat.
But I suspect this perception boils down to the biblical adage "Seek and ye shall find."
Pay-per-view television programs have grown more slowly than many industry experts once expected, although their popularity is increasing.
What they have in common is that the money is spent each year without the annual review accorded programs that need new appropriations from Congress.
"It's done wonder for her self-esteem," she said.
They must report or, according to the collective bargaining agreement, they could face suspensions and subsequent loss of pay.
She (as well as my father) was a great admirer of Franklin D. Roosevelt, a passionate interventionist and most eager to assist the American war effort against the Axis powers.
10 Gallons a Day Not since the Des Moines water plant was inundated a couple of weeks back has there been a worse drinking-water crisis in the flooding.
Parents may be better off focusing on how well their children are doing in other parts of their lives, what the programs they watch are about and the ways in which children select and watch television programs.
The Program's Larger Aim But Mr. Gaidar also worked to prepare the selling of state assets to the public through the issuance of investment vouchers to every Russian.
But that practice would be changed by the provision requiring some workers to be treated by managed care cooperatives.
But that is what Mr. Reich and Mr. Katz did.
In fact, families are willing to move back to most American cities if enough of the trimmings of suburban life -- safety, a good park, retail outlets -- are nearby, say urban experts.
Shi says nothing and keeps walking.
It was a dangerous gesture, because Jordan often thrives on such challenges.
"I've got something serious I want to talk to you about."
Walden Pond in Gotham Kenneth Richard, too, is a romantic.
"It's real hard to say when I could come back," said Dudley, who added that after a workout yesterday morning he tried to walk and it felt as if there were a large rock in his shoe.
Paul Molitor had an r.b.i.
How unsentimental is this duo?
Ireland, she told me, is "small enough to be intimate -- to know writers, the awkward uncomfortable voices."
Justice Clifford described it as a setback "in my woefully ineffectual campaign to abolish footnotes from our opinions."
One of the doctors formally notified on Tuesday that they are under investigation is Dr. Jean-Claude Job, a pediatric endocrinologist and president of the France-Hypophyse association, which had a monopoly on collecting and distributing the pituitary glands.
"I fell in love with CD-ROM's," he said.
"I guess the best thing to say is they ran out of time to get more."
But Mr. Whitlow said he was pleased that G.M.
"They wanted to be part of his dream.
"I'd like that very much," Mr. Clinton assured him.
International Peru is drawing investors looking for big returns.
"Don't make me sound pretentious.
In a recent thumbsucker on this subject, I suggested post or hard mail .
Which just goes to show that every network can be a winner in the November sweep, provided you look at things the right way.
It's not the right attitude, and it will be paid back eventually."
Atmosphere: Towering, blocklong dining room; very noisy.
The 32.1 percent decline in profits for the quarter that ended March 27 was in line with most analysts' expectations.
And to ask an I.R.S.
It becomes many times more sensitive than sensing devices that use a conventional technique.
Domi is a man in a hurry with a job to do that goes beyond revenge tonight at Madison Square Garden against his former teammates.
Quik Tax's president was indicted for filing false claims in one of the biggest of electronic tax-fraud schemes.
Sabres 3, Whalers 3 Eric Weinrich, Pat Verbeek and Nick Kypreos scored second-period goals as Hartford dug itself out of a three-goal deficit to tie the Sabres.
Fortunately Senator Helms, perhaps aware that another cloture vote on Wednesday would go against him, now says he won't continue to block the full Senate from voting on the nomination.
Nine radio manufacturers, including Sony, Denon, Delco and Blaupunkt, are featuring radios here with screens that display the information.
The strap of his canvas satchel is wrapped around his neck a couple of times; the bag drags behind him as he gropes his way, arduously, to the front.
If upheld, experts say, the decision might spur clandestine recovery or reduce the overall levels of shipwreck hunting and photography.
Every year, another two or three tanks begin to leak into the dirt; on May 21 the Energy Department added the 68th to the list of "assumed leakers."
"Right -- apple pie," he said with a chuckle.
"It's almost like a holding company managing a portfolio of businesses," said Julie Schwartz, a consultant with Dataquest in Framingham, Mass.
OTHER GAMES Athletics 15, Twins 2 Brent Gates was no Dave Winfield when he attended the University of Minnesota from 1989-91, almost two decades after Winfield did, but Gates made up for it a bit in Oakland's victory at Minnesota.
*The number of kickoffs returned has declined in each of the last four seasons, from 82.5 percent in 1989 to 71.4 percent in 1992.
Arkan himself is not talking.
Lord Owen, who represents the European Community, said he hoped the Security Council would now be prepared "to back its words with actions and bring a range of pressures to bear" on the Serbian leadership.
Unaware, we waltzed into the empty room and asked if we could have lunch.
On the other hand, grilled smoked salmon is totally resistible, as is roasted monkfish, which is very dry.
New investors have required him to set up a holding company, Lagardere Group, under an unusual corporate statute that makes him liable, to the extent of his entire personal fortune, if Matra-Hachette fails.
Among them were "Have Rocket, Will Travel" (1959), "Snow White and the Three Stooges" (1961) and "The Three Stooges Meet Hercules" (1962), and "The Outlaw Is Coming" (1965).
The solos are an emotional release and telegraph similar tensions: Mr. Jackson, Mr. Giraldo, Mr. Bushman and Mr. McGregor, different in their energetic ways, were superb.
Leslie H. Gelb: The diversity trap.
Asked whether he could play another season, Taylor said: "I don't want to tell you what I see.
Radiologists and mammography equipment makers use guidelines in advertising.
The final patterns have a mosaic look.
Besides the three and a half hours of physical and occupational therapy that he does here four days a week, Byrd said he and his wife go out to dinner and to the movies.
The Iowa boats' annual losses of $7.5 million up North have been more than turned around handsomely here, said Mr. Ernst, who is busy with expansion plans.
between a group of hoodlums that you know that act stupid in that particular area with a butter-soft leather coat.
DFM/Tatham in Chicago yesterday disclosed changes in top management that arose from recent moves by its parent, Euro RSCG, involving its agencies there.
She graduated from the University of California at Los Angeles.
The tapes lay unused -- too many painful memories -- for two decades until a film maker persuaded her to find the survivors for a documentary titled "Flyin' Cut Sleeves."
The death rate for white men with family income of less than $9,000 a year was 6.7 times the rate for white men with income of $25,000 or more.
Ken Maginnis, a member of the British Parliament and senior leader of the Ulster Unionist Party, one of several Protestant parties, said, "I think we expect a more up-to-date and reasonable approach to the whole question of Northern Ireland and, of course, the constitutional claim on Northern Ireland."
Any acquisition would come as Martin Marietta is still digesting its $3 billion acquisition last November of General Electric's aerospace business, which includes satellites and other space electronics.
"I really felt we had to have that," Sergeant Carrano said.
As the debate escalates before the House votes on Wednesday on the trade pact, which would eliminate most barriers to trade in North America over the next decade, several aspects of the bovine tuberculosis debate are not in dispute.
Golub, who called the result "more orgiastic than corny," created the male figures using computer-generated images.
When cool enough to handle, remove the mussels from the shells.
"We would be losing half our budget," he said.
If you don't recall the conversation, then how do you feel certain that you know what went on in the conversation?
"My interest is in images of women from the Renaissance Madonna to the present," Heidi declares, referring to her research on neglected female artists.
While the number of impressive applicants climbs steadily (more than 130 this year), the number of paying hosts has dropped to 7.
'A Body Might Be There' Investigators said they had yet to find parts of a timing device or anything else that would shed further light on the bomb that exploded Feb. 26, killing five people and injuring more than 1,000 others.
Representative Martin Hoke, a freshman Republican from Ohio, wants to end the Congressional calendar craze.
One of the purposes of this is to transfer the contract, making partner the declarer: The opening lead will then come around to honor any holdings in the partner's hand.
"What's unusual about her," he continued, "has to do with ethereal things.
It was more the sense of humiliation in the spectacle of Moscow's currying favor with the West while Washington was romping around the world without any regard for Moscow's traditional ties or sensitivites.
"We support the President's idea of managed care, and extending Medicare coverage to prescription drugs, but we oppose the idea of price controls," Mr. Hyman said.
All over the Superdome, you could hear that name.
Susan Elizabeth Ryan, the daughter of Mr. and Mrs. Stephen M. Ryan Jr. of Fairfield, Conn., was married there yesterday to Richard Francis Kornutik, a son of Richard Kornutik of Wilton, Conn., and Elizabeth Weeber of Crown Point, N.Y.
Only the designers could attain the status of artist.
Since Senator Nunn is senior to the four other Senators, he was entitled to speak first.
The United States plans to contribute $6 million and invites other countries to help.
Too often, she said, the messages they hear stress only the benefits, with the rationale that "if it saves one person in the world, that justifies whatever harm there is."
The case of a woman journalist charged with killing an eminent novelist: was it self-defense or murder?
I made a policy that the only way you could play CBGB's was to do your own thing."
The company said it would still achieve its goal of breaking even in North America for the year, before interest, taxes and other expenses.
Several said that the Parliament's decision could mean life or death for tens of thousands of people, mainly Muslims.
"There - she - is, Miss Piggy Americaaaaa," a man sang into a microphone.
Like flavored vinegars, these infused oils literally taste of the season.
Mr. Baquet opened the family-style restaurant in 1966 in Gentilly, a working-class neighborhood in the old part of New Orleans, and operated it with his wife, the former Myrtle Romano, and other family members, until 1984.
(An interactive movie called "I'm Your Man," from Intervision, is already playing in some specially equipped theaters.)
No nation will be unscathed, he argues; many will be miserable; ours will decline more than some but less than the most unfortunate.
For one last time I watched my whale break through the plane where water and air met and then arc down.
Mr. Viemeister designed for print media, packaging, products and architecture.
ploy, we didn't want any grandstanding, and we didn't want it to be an effort to demean Lewis.
The blockbuster, which originated decades before Mr. Hoving brought King Tut to town, was declared dead more often than Bill Clinton's prospects for the Presidency.
Only the next morning, when workmen heard him banging, was he sprung.
On the Commodity Exchange in New York, gold for August delivery gained $1.50, to $363.60 an ounce.
"The main reason we are here is Jon's love and respect for the cannon," Mrs. Weiss said.
For them the rules seem to be changing in the middle of the game.
"They want to rehearse this for an hour and go on the air the next night," he said.
In laboratory experiments, Dr. Stevens treated slices of rat hippocampus with an inhibitor of carbon monoxide formation.
I do not know why."
Two Agree on Plan As these developments surfaced in Albany, two Borough Presidents, Ruth W. Messinger of Manhattan and Claire Shulman of Queens, who had been bitter adversaries over the ouster of the Chancellor, lunched and agreed to support such a plan.
The top half is packed with handprints left not by paleolithic man but by 20th-century monks, and, despite the cracking masonry, the stain below resembles a watercolor of a fir tree looming in mist.
After all, she had a beautiful home, two cars in the garage and steady work as a practical nurse.
At practice the day before the Bullets game, Riley admitted: "Every day we come in and say, 'We're healthy and we're in first place,' and that's the way it's been all season long."
Still other seed is not covered because it must have light to germinate.
The shuttle astronauts also plan to replace the two 40-foot, winglike arrays of solar cells that produce the spacecraft's electricity.
But the interpretation of a law cannot turn on a candidate's sincerity.
The Interior Ministry statement added that two militants and a police officer had been killed in another assault in western Cairo and two militant leaders were shot dead when they fired on security forces who were trying to detain them in the Shubra al-Khaimah slum in the north.
And even when a piece of property is part of a pool, smaller investors will be able to appeal to have a desirable asset sold separately.
It is also on the minds of the Democrats.
Ms. Mairs makes it clear that she prefers May Sarton's interior map of personal disaster over William Styron's; but her reasoning seems tangled.
"The woman, Medea, is dangerous," an executive warns.
He has said that toll collectors need guns to protect themselves and deter robbers, but the authority contends the officers are safer without guns.
Under that settlement, Mr. Lorenzo agreed to pay the creditors $4.98 million and Mr. Snedeker will pay $1.02 million.
Today, upon hearing that the storm had passed, she was relieved but not relaxed.
Ms. Celmins's Whitney exhibition, which was organized last year by the Institute of Contemporary Art in Philadelphia, has the freshness and integrity that results when recognition comes a little late, but it also seems to strain to fill the space.
Especially lazy in light of Wilander's frenetic year of accomplishment in 1988, when he won three Grand Slam titles in one year.
Yesterday's appointment, however, will put pressure on Mr. Giuliani to keep Ninfa Segarra, the board member from the Bronx, until next June.
was involved in the case, and said she did not know if it was because the arrest involved a crime outside New York State, or because it was part of a larger investigation of police corruption.
I am researching the Bulgarian Jews' rescue, and I've come to believe that the Bulgarians deserve the Jewish people's gratitude.
"It is possible, however," she wrote, "that the public may adversely view the marital relationship in conjunction with the contractual relationship."
While her loudest opponents have been quiet the past week, and some did not return a reporter's telephone calls, her admirers are speaking up.
But other items considered today did not bear on the House-Senate differences that may develop into major problems before the legislation can be approved.
"When we sing in Latin, we don't understand it.
Her father is a senior partner in Budd Larner Gross Rosenbaum Greenberg & Sade, a law firm in Short Hills, N.J.
Ligand has a collaboration with Glaxo Holdings P.L.C.
Essentially, the play is a series of can-you-top-this kaffeeklatsches for Max's long-suffering writers, periodically interrupted by the welcome, disruptive appearances of the great, alcoholic, pill-popping man himself.
The bride, 30, graduated from Franklin and Marshall College.
"I think we have worked out a package deal which is accepted more or less by the Palestinians and us," he said.
None of the findings were ever disclosed to Mr. Burdick.
Football and Concerts While top black students are getting more financial aid, the proportion of blacks who attend college remains well below that of whites.
The internal dispute indicates how threatened these accrediting organizations feel.
I must have been crouching on the floor by the bed for an hour, wrapped in a bedsheet, wishing I had left my corner room and astonished at how a single moment can change everything.
Live theater offers something video can never do.
MIKE GALLEGO, who met with Showalter Tuesday and who had been critical of his paucity of playing time, played third.
Mr. al-Shara, the Foreign Minister, uttered what United States officials characterized as crucial words when he told reporters that peace for Syria "is a strategic option."
"You can use part of them where it's appropriate."
The Clarkson-St. Lawrence rivalry shifts to the Saints' Appleton Arena this Saturday.
"I'm starting to think about some fresh looks," Riley said.
Russia has direct control over about 6,200 strategic warheads on missiles, bombers and submarines, plus several thousand tactical nuclear weapons, most of which are scheduled for dismantling.
"Most manufacturers are going to save money on this," he said.
Longer Workweeks The number of part-time workers who said they would have preferred to work full time dropped by 323,000 last month, to 6.2 million.
Bugel's players play hard for him.
Her simple chiffon A-line dresses were cut in spirals, like orange peels.
The year also included a charge of $ 233,377,000 from the cumulative effect of other postretirement employee benefits accounting change.c-Net incomeLoral said that in connection with its year-end results, it elected to take non-cash accounting charges related to FAS No.
Ms. Lowit has her own exhibition, of fashion and society photography, at the Staley Wise Gallery, 560 Broadway, until Nov. 26.
St. Raymond (11-3), of the Bronx, is No.
Other cities and towns, after watching more than half their 20-year-olds drift away from the celebration, have offered other incentives.
And although the ambulance attendants had noted, I'm told, that there were at least two wounds, the hospital people apparently, I say apparently, I don't know, saw only one.
But for the vast majority of the about 875 businesses that have money stored with Revere, no decision will be made about distributing the remaining money until a hearing scheduled for Wednesday.
Three tender asparagus spears drizzled with balsamic vinaigrette ($4.95) were flanked by focaccia squares crowned with roasted red peppers.
The question is: Is Japan still deluding itself?
There are two other reasons for Rudin's ascendant reputation: he's intelligent, and he's mean-spirited.
The largest group, The South Is My Country, maintains committees in two other southern states often mentioned as candidates for secession: Parana and Santa Catarina.
A few hours later he was dead -- because of another old American custom.
For example, trade restrictions imposed on the American colonies were a serious irritant in the relationship with Britain and ultimately a catalyst for revolution.
Green Bay has put together back-to-back winning seasons for the first time since 1966-67 when it won the first two Super Bowls.
Mr. Previn said he also liked his song cycle "Honey and Rue."
While some teachers at some community schools elsewhere have complained of a heavier workload with no pay increase, parents and teachers here said vouchers are a way to strengthen their neighborhood school "I'm going to stay here no matter what happens," said Miguel Casilla Rivera, a sanitation worker whose four children attend the school.
Jacalyn Ruth Levine, a daughter of Mr. and Mrs. Stanley P. Levine of West Newton, Mass., was married yesterday to Andrew Charles Blume, the son of Dr. and Mrs. Ralph S. Blume of New York.
"Having held tightly to their audience for so long, they are now suffering a bit from popular suspicion."
A CONFLICT has arisen here between a farmer's right to sell produce and other farm goods and the interest of homeowners who oppose that right on the ground of preserving the residential character of their neighborhood.
"New Yorkers certainly aren't well served by a system that relies on months of virtual inactivity that is only broken, at the last possible moment, by 10 or 12 days of marathon, round-the-clock negotiations."
Now, many manufacturers have their own currency strategists and traders.
It can be said of Mr. Stout, as he says of Will, that "his prose had always been clear, if not always beautiful."
PPG officials said the costs at the plants in the Pittsburgh area must be reduced for the plants to be competitive.
Under the present law, the N.A.S.D.
His father is a partner in the law firm of Dinsmore & Shohl in Cincinnati.
CLUTTER is an inevitable byproduct of home repair, as anyone who has hung a picture or oiled a hinge can attest.
John Constable and David Lucas Salander-O'Reilly Galleries 20 East 79th Street Manhattan Through June 5 About mezzotints, John Constable wrote to a friend in 1825: "As you say, they cannot engrave my color or evanescence, but they can the chiaro oscuro & the details & the taste and with it most of my sentiment."
Seles is well aware that her assailant, Gunther Parche, received just two years' probation for his crime.
He'd better be right, that Chavez's title fight against Terrence Alli will, oddly enough, add biceps to the main event, the W.B.C.
Danish players have far more international opportunities than players from most other countries.
Philip Bateman of Southport, England, a delegate from the International Equestrian Federation, who ate at the competitors' tent, said, "It must be difficult to feed that many people and feed them that well."
At 17:30 of the first, Gretzky set up Tomas Sandstrom for a 2-0 lead.
The man's caretakers believe diabetes made him lose his sight, and records indicate he was severely retarded.
Life exists in a time warp where the dead can continue living a sort of half-life in the bodies of their descendents.
At The Station are works by Jens Dierks, who concentrates on what he calls "function destructions."
The show, which stars Bernadette Peters and Martin Short, opened to mixed reviews on March 5 after a tryout in Chicago.
Matt Groening, creator of the Simpsons cartoon series, told Sports Illustrated that Whatizit resembled a "bad marriage of the Pillsbury Doughboy and the ugliest California Raisin."
The former American League umpire was here for the first game of the World Series tonight, walking with the help of two canes but fervently hoping for more in the near future.
She works in a kitchen, handing out rice and mashed potatoes and on rare occasions vegetables.
The July cover asks, "Can You Afford L.A?"
The most logical choices to stay would be Johnny Parker, the strength coach, and perhaps one other to help in the transition.
No blaring bands, no television cameras, no hordes of screaming fans with faces painted blue and white.
Investors seem to agree, sending the stock up $3 on the New York Stock Exchange yesterday to $86.75.
The linkup of these nets was possible if they adhered to a Federal standard for the Internet known as the Transmission Control Protocol, which insures that transmitted packets arrive in the order sent.
The room is dignified, comfortable in a serious sort of way, but without a trace of romance.
But United Nations officials said they had been told that General Mladic had left his headquarters outside Sarajevo for Moscow.
The three-movement work was commissioned by the orchestra for its 150th anniversary celebration this year.
It added that the agreement "severely limits access to Scripps technology by third parties."
He has made 6 of 8 field-goal attempts, including one from 47 yards.
The General Motors contract replaces one under which Medco offered only mail-order pharmacy services.
The Batista reign of narrow self-interest, ruthless exploitation or degradation of the Cuban peasantry for the benefit of a small plutocracy was replaced by a more benign dictatorship.
Citing the continuing slowdown in both the military and commercial airline industries, the McDonnell Douglas Corporation said yesterday that it would cease operations at its Air Force Plant 3 in Tulsa, Okla., and cut about 1,150 jobs.
Perhaps the coup has taken place suddenly, like the unsuccessful one in August 1991, with the army moving swiftly at the command of such conservative civilians as Aleksandr Rutskoi, the Vice President, and Ruslan Khasbulatov, Speaker of the Parliament.
Orange County (Calif.) Water District, $160 million of debt securities.
In the early 1980's, he led the effort to reopen the Watkins Glen track and turn it into a world-class racing venue.
If I had to dream this up, it would have been like that."
At its close, the Nikkei index of 225 issues was down 303.15 points, or 1.52 percent, to 19,621.46.
The commission would go beyond the agreement to tackle difficult issues in enforcing environmental laws and regulating methods of production.
During these years, which may be the weakest in Mr. de Kooning's career, he was especially close to Hirshhorn, who was also subsidizing the construction of the artist's East Hampton, L.I., studio, often by buying work directly from him.
The report concluded that Navy officials deliberately undermined the first investigation to avoid bad publicity.
According to the law, Freya was negligent.
Based on interviews with about 60 families who were promised confidentiality to protect their privacy, "Declining Fortunes" tells the story of a community that was wide open to the World War II generation of upwardly mobile urban emigrants, but that, in an era of wage stagnation and enormous increases in real-estate values, is out of reach for their children.
The spectacular image with which Michael Dibdin opens his third Aurelio Zen mystery -- a man floating languidly to his death from the uppermost gallery of St. Peter's Basilica -- eerily anticipates the spectacular image with which the book ends.
In that case it would be forced to cut off trade with its former ally, perhaps precipitating the economic collapse of one of last Communist regimes in the world.
While driving on I-95 through the McHenry tunnel in Baltimore, one continues to receive perfect FM radio reception the entire way through.
The girlfriend "ran off shortly after that with an American Beat poet," Mr. Gathorne-Hardy recalled in a telephone interview from his home in Norfolk, England.
"You want to know what I am doing?"
The stresses of Packwood's political life alone might account for a latent tendency to this sort of depression.
The event will be played on a slow indoor carpet, and the format is two-of-three sets, with a tie breaker at one set all.
What intrigues them about the material is its pliability.
"This is a statement that American executives believe that it is time to end the embargo," Irwin Jay Robinson, president of the Vietnam-American Chamber of Commerce, said of the dinner as he surveyed the ranks of dark suits in the Grand Ballroom.
Another proposed development, Seattle Commons, now in the conceptual stage, is sparking interest in the area.
And Mr. Mobutu will almost certainly insist Mr. Tshisekedi be dismissed.
After the sign marking the village, turn left, following signs to the Water Palace.
Early on this Sunday morning, hundreds of people swarmed like lemmings on the shore of Candlewood Lake and, at a signal, rushed in.
The sample includes precise definitions of sexual harassment as well as procedures for reporting incidents and suggested sanctions against the offenders.
The guide groups the bars by location, describes the decor and indicates prices.
That is higher than other food stocks, and provides a selling point, although it is arguable whether this is really a food stock.
The law allows foreigners who have lived here for 15 years -- or for eight years if they are under 23 -- to apply for citizenship.
Jim Morey, partner in the management firm Gallin Morey Associates, said the Apple notebook is simple enough to learn, even for a "48-year-old, middle-aged executive" like himself.
Tony Gwynn, the All-Star veteran from San Diego, was frustrated once more.
(This was Bruce Lee's fourth film.)
Even so, the resolution's overall limits on spending and taxes erect solid walls within which other Congressional committees must operate.
The Mayor aired aggressive new commercials that sought to portray his opponent as hot-headed and cold-hearted.
He had a mandate to take charge of the school system and he used his power to increase the stature and authority of the Chancellor's office.
Treasury Bond Yield at Low The yield on the Treasury's 30-year bond skidded to 7.02 percent on Thursday, the lowest ever, from 7.10 percent on Wednesday, and hovered just above 7 percent on Friday, as traders focused on President Clinton's plan for deficit reduction and shrugged off a report of higher inflation.
I think that we have a very good team.
"We do not believe people should be killed for writing books," says the new White House spokesman, George Stephanopoulos.
Miss Lewis said it took a year just to figure out how and when to pull the rope.
You can't even hear any cars or the sounds of traffic."
Many specialized solutions have been proposed.
If unemployment compensation had to be paid, he said, "it would be a natural reaction for agencies like mine not to ask any New Jersey translators to work for them."
The series of failures that would eventually end his coaching career in 1990 had begun.
EDWIN W. MARTIN Albertson The writer is chief executive officer of the National Center for Disability Services.
B. Priestley's detective thriller "An Inspector Calls" arrives at a Shubert house, probably in March.
For example, when ESPN Inc. was still a fledgling cable sports channel, Icon provided it with some expensive broadcasting equipment in exchange for a stream of 30-second commercial time slots at a severely discounted rate.
Is it any wonder Ukraine may try to hedge its nuclear bets?
Concern Is Genuine While the Yankees pondered their pursuit of the Jays after losing for the fourth time in five games on this road trip, their immediate concern centered on the inconsistent Abbott.
'Remains of the Day' is.
So it was perhaps the zeal of the convert that inspired him to investigate neglected Americana like the symphonies of Howard Hanson.
A10 Fordham researchers' measure of social well-being hits a low.
Still, Mr. Reeves has written a fluently readable and highly absorbing book, a book that takes us day by day, sometimes minute by minute, through the Bay of Pigs fiasco and the Cuban missile crisis, a book that traces the roots of Kennedy's civil rights policy and America's involvement in the Vietnam War.
Cost: $199 per child per week, paid by the participating parents at Public School 199.
Officials say immigrant smuggling appears to be dominated by Taiwanese businessmen who have connections in China, Thailand, Hong Kong, New York and Central America, where they arrange ships, bribe local officials and hire gang members to exact payments from passengers.
It is the label on your package.
A zesty aioli helps the cause, too.
Nina finally comes to find the mystery of all families in the fact that there is so much potential for pain.
INVOKING the spirit of the Lincoln-Douglas debates, which took place in parks in Illinois during the summer of 1858, the Westchester chapter of the League of Women Voters last week sponsored an Independence Day dialogue between two Democratic primary candidates for County Executive.
Today, one senior Administration official who would speak only on the condition of not being named said Mr. Sawyer's "real dilemma was between being a person from the past and a new Democrat."
tonight,' " Torborg related, referring to the team's bullpen coach, "he said, 'Oh no, he already said he can go.'
Both phrases were preceded by the turn-of-the-century shout Get a horse!, which is associated with stud and led finally to stud muffin.
Arbitration for Clients The public policy underlying the arbitration request, said Judge Milonas, was to save clients from having to hire yet another lawyer to sue their divorce lawyer for malpractice.
If the furnace is oil-fired and still does not start, make sure the burner switch is on.
In addition, general counsel way back then wanted fixed fees (60 percent); discounted rates (63 percent); value billing (32 percent), and a role in the law firm staffing of matters (57 percent).
"When I retire from the force I'll keep on nursing."
The Mets, who had climbed back to a 6-6 deadlock on run-scoring hits in the top of the inning by Joe Orsulak and Wayne Housie, sent Innis to the mound with the modest request to hold the Expos in check for an inning, maybe two.
"I'm intrigued by the notion, which I don't think we've really tried, of taking our existing resources and redeploying them in a different fashion.
But things are being done here that weren't done for 40 years.
The Governments of Serbia and its parent state, federal Yugoslavia, announced Thursday night they were cutting supply lines they had used for more than a year to send weapons, ammunition and fuel to forces of the Bosnian Serbs.
And now, with the aerospace industry in turmoil, it is the fear of being laid off and losing that good health insurance that has her wishing for a plan like the one Mr. Clinton has proposed.
Now prison officials say the tough drug laws are the chief reason for overcrowding, with the Federal system now housing nearly 40 percent more than its designed capacity.
Morgan's results for 1991 include an extraordinary gain of $32 million, or 17 cents a share, in the third quarter from the early repayment of some debt.
"It's going to make a lot more work for judges to apply it intelligently."
I've long ago got over the thrill, but for a lawyer it's a very powerful thing to have jurors know who you are."
In one of the frequent reversals that appear throughout this collection, a doll named Gertrude is allowed to buy herself a toy child.
Whatever his state of mind, the authorities charged that on the evening of April 28 Mr. Seguin took the children for a drive, then gave them sleeping pills, waited for them to lose consciousness and slit their throats.
Nor will any dance hall be as hilarious as the one we impetuously pranced into in Donegal to join the locals.
Using the guidelines as an outline of standard medical practice, the lawyers were representing people who were suing because their doctors failed to test them.
I am a psychologist who has worked there for seven years.
The department contended in its application to the Court that Judge Terry J. Hatter Jr. of Los Angeles "clearly erred" when he ruled Sept. 30 as part of the Meinhold case that the Pentagon could not deny enlistment or promotion, or change enlistment status or duty assignment because of someone's sexual orientation.
Fueling this kid-movie barrage are the baby boomers in the upper echelons of Hollywood.
As for feeling different, he could not help but feel how different he was from "Trouble" and Phil.
N N N Y 2.
During his 20 years as president, Dr. Sachar, whom friends described as having an "edifice complex," raised $250 million for the school and saw the campus grow from a few buildings on the site of a bankrupt medical school to a complex of 90 buildings on 235 acres.
"Our guys did not come back fat," Mr. Klepp said, pointing out that they were working in temperatures that soared to 120 degrees in some cases.
He shows lots of softly draped dresses in the most sybaritic cashmere and silk jerseys.
"That was the best commercial property we had," said Richard Williams, chairman of Patterson's planning board.
Staff comes first here, because if they're proud and motivated, the customer will be happy.
According to the Advocacy Institute, a Washington group that works closely with anti-smoking advocates, an extra $2 a pack would generate close to $40 billion next year.
Extensive Software Problems But tests begun early this year turned up extensive software problems in the stock exchange's system.
The plight of a woman whose estranged husband is found murdered in her house.
"They know the community wants a certain verdict in this case," he added.
"With New York Woman the problem was we were trying to do this on a national scale, and it didn't work.
Under the World Bank proposals, its $4 billion in possible loans would include $250 million to help develop a private banking system, $100 million for management training, and $100 million to develop a social safety net.
She is survived by her husband and a daughter, Kay.
"They said you weren't a Tokyo Motors type," Takao repeated.
For the Italian authorities, the killing of Judge Falcone also marked a turning point.
Bet it on the kid."
Gefilte fish can be made with egg whites, as can chopped liver.
Open daily 7 A.M. to 4 P.M. An antiques show and flea market is held on the Place daily from 7 A.M. to 2 P.M. L'Etoile d'Or, 30 rue des Foulons, Brussels 1000; 502-6048.
(Offer to send summaries, maybe a sampling of the prospectuses, anything but the whole truckload).
The Administration also hopes that the January meeting will lead to a statement of the principles for opening the door to new members as a signal to former Soviet-bloc countries that full membership may one day be possible.
So far, these men do not appear to have benefited comparably from new job openings.
The Toyota Motor Corporation's car sales were 9,368, down six-tenths of 1 percent from last year, while the company's light trucks were up 46.5 percent.
The Pioneers have won five in a row since an opening loss to Wagner and play at Central Connecticut (2-4) tomorrow.
Dr. Denslow noted, however, that the 100 years was an estimated average and while some areas will change quickly, others will persist for considerably longer than a century.
Svenska Dagbladet's editor in chief, Mats Svegfors, wrote under the headline "Has Volvo a Motherland?"
The context did indeed indicate otherwise to the majority in this case, in which an association of inmates in a California state prison sought the right to file as a "pauper" when it brought a Federal court suit to force the state corrections department to continue providing free tobacco to inmates.
Watching Yoshiko Chuma's "Jo Ha Kyu" on Sunday night at St. Mark's Church was a choreographic equivalent of such an experience.
"The whole time I thought I was incapable of a derailment.
The defense plans to file papers with the United States Court of Appeals for the Ninth Circuit in hope of blocking the Government's move.
The big movie studios, however, sell rerun rights to television programs; the networks will not have the right to do that for several years, making mergers difficult.
* MONTVALE Heather A. Stern .
Gladys Celeste was the onstage pianist.
Similar conflicts take place across the country daily in divorces and disputes over child custody, support and visitation.
Yet, others who operate bilingual programs believe that immigrant children should be schooled primarily in English, the language of the American workplace.
Regular issuing of 30-year bonds did not begin until May 1977.
The owners of the Diamond Club initially operated as an Italian restaurant, but after losing money, they tried to recoup their investment by converting to adult entertainment, said Frank Allegretti, the lawyer for Vincent Sorrano, co-owner of the club.
b-After a charge of $ 10,806,000 from an adjustment in accounting.
A Cable Deal Can Be Made Of course, there are other things at play.
But when Frank Carroll returned last May from his week in Ottawa, he found that his 12-year-old protege, Michelle Kwan, had conspired with her father against him.
The program also exports data to another Meca program, Taxcut, which he uses to prepare his tax return.
He is 28 years old and lives in Bayside.
The new report, submitted to the House and Senate Banking Committees, was written by an expert panel established in 1989 when Congress passed the law to begin cleaning up the savings and loan industry.
The Rams released punter Paul McJulien to make room for Landeta.
Militant leaders have vowed revenge for any executions.
And his estimates mean that ad spending growth should exceed inflation, because consensus forecasts expect the Consumer Price Index to rise 3 percent in 1993 and 1994.
I think about it all the time.
He is survived by his wife, Sanna, three brothers and a sister.
One official said it would be used to haul away Mr. Rifkin's other pickup truck, a twin of the one he was driving when he was caught, and two vans that he also owned.
from going the way of its dinosaur cousins -- so every time he sneezes, all eyes shoot to him.
And it seemed hopeless when Wargo hit a fat approach into a bunker on the first hole of a sudden-death playoff.
"There's no sign that they are anything but deadly serious," Mr. Seife said of Mr. Murdoch's decision.
At dusk, along Fifth Avenue and Central Park South, one glimpses women in below-ankle-length black mink or cloth coats.
"I didn't take the job to do combat with the Catholic Church," she said.
Savings in one year alone have amounted to $200,000, and this money has been redirected into patient care.
By holding to the basic bill, Congress can rise to its duty of safeguarding the constitutional rights of women who choose to have abortions and the safety of those who provide them.
3 3 9 CREATING LOVE, by John Bradshaw.
Development has become very critical."
The weakest aspect of "Esther" may be its moments of self-consciously contemporary interpretation.
Spoon the shellfish stew over the polenta and serve immediately.
C1 Gilding the berry for a satisfying finale to summer meals.
"Scottie's moved in," said Horace Grant.
August's tranquil world is disrupted by the stormy arrival of his godson Paul Palmer (Mitchell Lichtenstein), the playwright.
10 11 6 SECRET CEREMONIES, by Deborah Laake.
The ban, which takes effect today, covers $29 billion a year worth of contracts andis in retaliation for new European Community rules that discourage sales of American telecommunications equipment there, said an American official who insisted on anonymity.
The jury failed to reach a verdict on another charge that accused the pair of trying unsuccessfully to abduct another toddler before picking on James.
But, he added, "anyone running in 1994 is going to have to address the issue of health care reform."
Remove small, loose rugs from slippery floors, or else anchor them with double-sided carpet tape or by placing a nonslip carpet liner beneath them.
Claudio Chiappucci beat Gianni Faresin by two seconds today to win the San Sebastian Classic cycling race.
Compaq shares rose $1.875 today to close at $74.125 on the New York Stock Exchange.
With no more budgets to prepare and no legislation to package, the Administration is reduced largely to handling foreign policy and its own public relations, and those offices have been the only busy ones at the White House during the holidays.
In his most detailed comments to date about the Nov. 12, 1991, massacre, the Bishop said he had obtained "very reliable information" that several people -- he said he could not be any more specific about the number -- were executed hours after they were captured alive at the graveyard.
"The United States has a role to play in this, just as it played a role in doing away with apartheid," said Harry H. Schwarz, the South African Ambassador to Washington.
Such a move would enable the hospital to step up its treatment.
"After the sabbatical, I should be refreshed enough to return to the diocese to complete my term as Archbishop as God gives me the health and strength to do."
After performing with several touring troupes he joined a theater company in Cincinnati.
Wooden and aluminum strips run side by side along the wall; elaborate swirls of aluminum still sweep alongside a silver escalator.
In the coming weeks, as New York City's mayoral campaign pushes into high gear, Mr. Cuomo will be asked to play all those roles to help re-elect Mayor David N. Dinkins.
One of his tasks will be to help Digital increase market share among corporate customers seeking to move from giant mainframes to networks of desktop computers, said Marc Schulman, president of Technology Strategies Group in Stamford, Conn. "Who knows more about the mainframe environment and the requirements you need to meet to move away from that environment than Lucente?"
For this was not a family that relied on therapists occasionally or in times of turmoil.
That would be one step among dozens -- involving utilities, forestry, home appliances, landfills and manufacturing plants -- that are expected to reduce net emissions of greenhouse gases, principally carbon dioxide, methane, nitrous oxides, and hydrofluorocarbons, by 109 million metric tons in the next seven years.
In a series of disputes with the Internal Revenue Service, banks had sought to depreciate such intangibles over time.
He graduated magna cum laude from Youngstown State University and received his medical degree from Northeastern Ohio Universities College of Medicine.
There, in cramped cubicles, 75 workers push the mountains of paper that are today more a part of hospital care than surgical gloves.
There are also casts of ice-age objects to delight the eye: 28,000-year-old Venus figures, a mammoth bone flute, an ivory puppet and an exquisite sculpture of a woman's head, among dozens of other artifacts.
To the accompaniment of 15 minutes of jubilant dancing, cheering and gunfire, a United States troop ship pulled out of Haitian waters this afternoon after two days anchored under the baking sun a mile from port.
Russian newspapers, most of which have taken definite sides in the political battle, were typically quick to rush to judgment.
And Steven M. Freeman, a spokesman for the A.D.L.
Mickey Kantor, the United States trade representative, says the critics are wrong.
AIDS overtook the other causes of death inside prison in the mid-80's.
Talk of lower interest rates in Japan also helped the dollar yesterday, said Carl Weinberg, chief economist at High Frequency Economics in New York.
He told of the time the police visited the hamlet of 33 Hindu and 3 Sikh families in January.
Thus, total pro forma net income for the 1992 first quarter was $ 836,000, or 17 cents a share, with 5,004,000 average shares outstanding.
The only think I can do is say thank you.
For all the use I've made of this handsome object, it might as well be installed behind glass.
Hospitals were told by Federal agents to be prepared to treat an unspecified number of injured.
2 P.M.: "Anything but Love" Marty (Richard Lewis) is dating someone new, and Hannah (Jamie Lee Curtis) suggests that the three of them have dinner to prove she's not jealous.
Young women are teaming minuscule tops with hip-huggers that expose the navel or with skirts whose waistbands hit just above the navel, although they can also take a stylish dip below it.
"And gradualism tends to reinforce the status quo.
It's a Manhattan office worker turning Rollerblade queen.
Administration officials praised Mr. Rabin's statement on Friday that his country looked forward to achieving "results in the negotiation with Syria and Lebanon, recognizing the importance of making progress in these areas."
Letters must include the writer's name, address and telephone number.
"The Bassijis would insult us as they rode past, calling us cowards.
"Right now everybody here is just thinking about Mike," he said.
Both maturities are rated A-1 by Moody's and AA- by S.& P. and Duff & Phelps.
Today, virtually every state has its own seeding program as well.
Alas, the touring revival (at the Gershwin Theater for a limited engagement), starring Robert Goulet and nobody else of account, is not long on smarts.
A Competition Planned Its final design will be determined by the outcome of a competition, but until Mr. von Boddien and his associates got involved, the Government had given no thought to rebuilding the vast royal palace.
"But in this situation it seems appropriate."
The woman's current boyfriend called 911, Sergeant Haimeck said.
Mr. Giuliani had gracious words for the outgoing Commissioner, Raymond W. Kelly, who had been supported by the police union, the Patrolmen's Benevolent Association.
As was true last week at the contemporary-art auctions, Sotheby's had its share of mediocre works, and some were on the block as a result of bankruptcies.
"You looked at the roster and said, 'Hmm, this is a roster that has a chance,' " he said.
TBWA was awarded the $13 million account after a review that also included the incumbent, McCann-Erickson Hamburg, and Saatchi & Saatchi Frankfurt.
"But it also makes it somewhat easier because all these folks are looking for achievements they can point to as well."
63 had their own plans.
'Appearance' of Violence "What was a routine pastoral matter has gotten out of hand," Bishop Grein said.
American's offer is "generally worldwide," in a spokesman's phrase -- most of Europe, within the United States and Canada, Puerto Rico and the United States Virgin Islands, but not the rest of the Caribbean.
"Even at the hospital, you're not sure if anything is broken.
In addition, each year the tax raises $240 million, although Congress allows only $190 million to be spent for restoring land damaged by strip mining.
The Cine-Med system mimics the approach of minimally invasive or laparoscopic surgery, in which instruments and a camera are inserted through small incisions in the body while the surgeon works by watching a television screen.
I had a daughter when I was 21.
"I appreciate people reminding me that they were bombs," he said.
Scottie Pippen had 18 points, 10 rebounds and 8 assists as the Bulls won for the ninth time in 11 road games despite losing Coach Phil Jackson with two technical fouls 27 seconds into the game.
said Bruce Lynn, a spokesman for Goldfingers International Inc., which operates Runway 69 and seven other topless bars or nude clubs in the city.
But the Giuliani camp seemed at some loss as to how to make trouble -- especially since Mr. Clinton, a Southern-born politician with a record of speaking with discomforting candor on race, explictly said he did not mean to accuse anyone of "overt racism."
That job, he said, will go to his partner in the new venture, Anthony Podesta, a professional lobbyist whose brother, John, is staff secretary to President Clinton.
Binder also said he believed the killing was a crime of opportunity, rather than the result of a plan or conspiracy to extort money.
Burger, a conservative but a realist, readily concedes the absurdity of the "artificial land use pattern" apartheid wrought upon his map.
For its part, Earth General is turning a small profit after 19 months in business.
Mr. Mumin also called for an end to "forced integration" of cells at the prison, whose officials have won court rulings that they need not consider race in matching cell mates.
is a complicated psychological transaction that can't be addressed by speeches or captured in opinion polls.
Mr. Carstensen particularly pointed to the AAA credit rating of General Electric and its finance unit as important in expanding GNA's insurance business among consumers who favor insurance companies with high credit ratings.
For the most part, the list will also omit programs on premium cable services like HBO because they are not supported by advertisers.
Even the horrors here are oversized: a resilient vampire with a particularly gross sense of humor; an invading army of hungry, meat-eating toads; and, most marvelous, batlike beings who are passing quite successfully as humans and can be seen as they truly, hideously are only by smokers -- and only by those smokers who ration themselves to a few cigarettes a day.
"I did a lot of reading but no doing," she said.
And several high-ranking CBS officials said that they were caught short by the deal to start a public affairs channel.
In 1982, Mr. Harrer returned to Lhasa and found it dramatically altered.
"But I think we're good, too.
Cheaney was named The Associated Press player of the year, gaining 53 first-place votes to 25 for the second-place finisher, Duke guard Bobby Hurley.
Senator Lieberman said he was beginning to lay the groundwork in Congress for the battle to finance another Seawolf and has scheduled a meeting this week with Adm. Frank B. Kelso 2d, Chief of Naval Operations and the highest-ranking Navy official.
The Federal Reserve intervened, apparently on behalf of the Italian central bank, to stop the lira's plunge, traders said.
But he barred the public from court.
Working for Herself Susan R. Bresler, a graduate of Cornell University's School of Architecture and Harvard University's School of Business, is also licensed as a contractor in Florida, but Ms. Bresler said she is waiting for the upturn in the economy before she starts her own business.
The admiral's experience in serving our nation is truly impressive.
(AP) Ivanisevic Loses: Anders Jarryd upset second-seeded Goran Ivanisevic, 6-3, 6-4, in the quarterfinals of the ABN-Amro tournament in Rotterdam, the Netherlands.
One police officer who declined to be identified, said, "We know this guy, he's got a long history, and he had no business being out on the street."
"I'm thin-skinned, and I take it poorly.
"The LBO is a real sore spot with us."
For the month, the Big Three captured 73.9 percent of vehicle sales, up from 72.6 percent in May 1992.
Consuming less of what developing countries export, such as coffee, will make matters worse, particularly for the poor who depend on exports for income.
Shula said both Reich and Kelly presented the same problems for the Dolphins.
Danny Ellis beat Gay, 3 and 2, and Leonard lost to his Walker Cup teammate, John Harris, 2 and 1, at the Champions Golf Club.
But were he to have remained in the case and voted in Mr. Tyson's favor, people would have wondered why: Had Mr. Dershowitz won by taking Ms. MacDonell's advice?
Gehrig, he wrote, "has no communicable disease that supposedly played havoc with the Yankee ball club."
Sales of passenger cars fell 10.9 percent, trucks 16.9 percent and buses 29.2 percent.
Last June, the massacre of black innocents in Boipatong Township was enough for the African National Congress to break off talks with the Government and issue a list of demands.
They also wanted to require that a financial oversight board take control of the company if its reserves dips below a certain percentage of its revenues.
Someone with a personal computer could ask a supercomputer far away to help solve a complex problem.
Based on the recent past, it seems unlikely that all of the spending cuts asked by Mr. Clinton's Office of Management and Budget will pass muster on Capitol Hill, or that Congress will refrain from adding to his stimulus package, said David H. Resler, chief economist at Nomura Securities International.
OTHER AREAS West Hartford, Conn. $199,000 124 Lawler Road Three-bedroom, 2-bath, 45-year-old colonial; pantry, 0.25 acre; taxes $3,780.
Consumers demonstrated a willingness to spend more money in retail stores for the fourth consecutive month, but more often in department stores than in apparel shops.
As for the magisterial Belnord on West 86th Street, which became the largest apartment house in the world when it was finished in 1908, it accommodated three formally planted gardens with walkways for daytime promenades.
For years, protectionism and government-sanctioned monopolies had been used to shore up support for the old authoritarian regimes.
But goalie Craig Billington, who was in the Devils' goal for all of Washington's goals, might have had the worst day for New Jersey.
And anyone who knows me says this is the guy who should be the steward of the Clios."
The arachnidan role, at any rate, seemed reserved for Fafner in the second act, in which the most problems with this traditional production by Otto Schenk also emerged.
Even critics of the Clinton plan said they assumed that Congress would, by the end of next year, pass a bill to guarantee medical care for all Americans.
Hired over the winter, the former hitting instructor for the Milwaukee Brewers tapped not only into Vaughn's talent, but also into a long-hidden reservoir of enthusiasm.
"What is going on in peninsular India is that it is attempting to move to the north and is being resisted," he added, creating earthquakes when rocky plates break apart to relieve the stress.
It will also continue to accept immediate relatives of legally resident aliens.
The critics say warranty companies repeatedly reject the homeowner's right to compensation, particularly on a structural defect that could cost $20,000 or more to repair.
The effect of Ms. Tawney's weaving on Ms. Martin's painting, for example, has been recognized by critics, and it is Ms. Martin who, one morning over breakfast, suggested the idea for Mr. Kelly's first sculpture, based on the form of a bent coffee-can lid.
The co-chairmen had asked the leaders of the three sides in the Bosnian conflict -- President Izetbegovic, Radovan Karadzic for the Serbs and Mate Boban for the Croats -- to sign three documents that were intended to establish a peace settlement, a cease-fire and military disengagement, and the division of Bosnia and Herzegovina into the 10 new provinces.
Portland's new Mayor, Vera Katz, grew up in Brooklyn and still does not have a driver's license.
Entering another code produces an order blank to be filled in with the buyer's name, address and credit card number.
Speedy Reform Encouraged Although the United States and the other Western nations have little direct influence on Russian politics, they have encouraged the speedy pace of reform by tying loans from the International Monetary Fund to the pace of economic change.
Gemma Kahng said: "Women wanted to look polished, with everything fitted to the body.
"I have changed over the years.
But other leaders, including Peter F. Vallone, the Speaker of the City Council, have argued that the main cause of deteriorating school conditions has not been underspending but bureaucratic paralysis at the board.
Backers said they expected the mental-health bill to be passed by both houses when the Legislature reconvenes next month.
Credit cards: American Express, Mastercard and Visa.
But in a city with problems as desperate as Detroit's it remains to be seen if the strategy, which extends down to Ms. McPhail's "You Go, Girl," a street-slang slogan for "go get 'em," will override more pragmatic judgments.
Representative Barney Frank of Massachusetts said there was overwhelming support for the leadership plan.
New Company Relationships In their letter of intent to merge, Bell Atlantic and Tele-Communications agreed that they would "explore" ways in which the cable systems might use Bell Atlantic's networks to distribute programming, even if they are spun off as independent concerns.
Mr. Burch said that the Navajos he had spoken with were angry and upset about the disease but that they would not talk of it unless asked.
"Based on the salesperson's representations and slick brochure," the Consumer Affairs Department said, "he expected a comfortable bus ride, a trip to Sea World and a pleasant hotel.
The Bosnian forces flank two sides of the airfield rectangle, in Dobrinja and Butmir, while the Serbian forces are in control of the other two sides -- the suburbs of Lukavica and Ilidza have a clear view of the airfield.
And in Illinois, weather-related damage over the last eight weeks of wind and rain is estimated in the millions.
"The problem is that without any Republican votes, the cracks in the seams in our party become more evident."
Emmitt Smith scored on a dazzling 23-yard run on a draw play and Elliott made a 43-yard field goal.
He doesn't want Riddick Bowe fighting the likes of Lennox Lewis."
The periods also included gain of $ 1,049,922,000 from extinguishment of debt, net of cumulative effect of accounting change for postretirement benefits other than pensions and income taxes.The company said the year-ago share earnings and shares outstanding for the quarter and 9 months are not meaningful due to cancellation of all shares of preferred and common stock outstanding prior to the company's emergence from Chapter 11.
Hotel Safety Program A travel safety program has been started by the American Hotel and Motel Association, supported by the American Automobile Association, the American Association of Retired Persons, and American Society of Travel Agents and the National Crime Prevention Council.
Small waists and flaring skirts characterize coats and ball gowns.
I think much of the animosity arises when clients, faced with the limits of the law, are thwarted from breaking it by these legal gatekeepers.
These new photographees were beyond smiling.
Spokesmen for Hitachi, Toshiba and the Victor Company of Japan also said that they were not reducing activities at their American research centers.
The Town Players has its own theater in Waveny Park, a 300-acre public facility where mammoth Fourth of July town picnics are held, and the prestigious Silvermine Guild Arts Center, a 71-year-old gallery and art school that presents concerts and lectures.
I touched the girl's face.
In any case, Mr. Quinn was a member of a fraternity, he died in another fraternity's chimney and most of the students who had returned to campus when his body was discovered were in town for rush, the process of selecting new members for fraternities and sororities.
The Indians have lost six of seven.
William I. Koch, the wealthy entrepreneur, dropped his bid for Metro-Goldwyn-Mayer today after being rebuffed by the French bank that owns the studio.
As part of the arrangement, Federal officials last month presented the Swiss Government with a check for $8 million.
"We're asking for regulation, not complete exclusion," said Susan Herman, leader of the Chelsea Action Coalition, which has recently picketed the shops, held demonstrations, signed petitions and met with store owners and landlords.
But like every player who has ever marched up the ladder of success, these players now know that there are tumbles down, slips off the rungs caused by injuries and distractions, loss of confidence, if not a loss of ability.
PAMELA D. BRAVERMAN ROBERT M. LAKIN Shaker Heights, Ohio, March 29, 1993
Part of the answer is the revitalization of Connecticut.
The commission also recommended that the Transportation Secretary convene a financial advisory committee of outside experts to warn of ill-advised mergers and other ventures.
Ms. Aki may not possess a major-league bowing arm, but what a pleasure it was to hear this great music portrayed with such calm and exquisite thoughtfulness.
On the brink of eviction from his home in Rumson, N.J., a 56-year-old man used a shotgun to shoot his mother and to fracture the skull of his daughter yesterday before shooting himself, the police said.
We have allowed public officials, both elected and appointed, to create giveaway government.
After Mr. Doisneau announced that he had hired models for the job, the Lavergnes sued for $80,000.
P. J. Carlesimo of Seton Hall is known to be harsh on his most talented players, and on Wednesday night he stalked the sidelines with an ancient mariner scowl, while Brian Mahoney of St. John's was a calmer presence whether his team was behind, ahead, behind.
President Clinton's pledge to increase the top income tax rate from 31 to 36 percent (39.6 percent for the wealthiest) has many investors scrambling for shelter.
Or Toni Perkins, 26, a lithe young woman who seemed a bit frail -- at least before she climbed onto an angry steer (for the first time in her life) and rode him for the six furious seconds required to win a prize.
When Schott walked to the batting cage, she saw two of her veteran black players, Bip Roberts, the second baseman, and Larkin.
Lisa Sowle Cahill, a professor of theology at Boston College, was enthusiastic about what she called the encyclical's first goal: "to affirm an objective 'natural law' morality that could be a common basis for moral thinking in the face of real tendencies toward relativism in Western culture."
The founder of Maxis, Jeff Braun, set out with a much more self-interested mission in the mid-1980's.
ANNETTE SLOANE, who taught third grade at the Fork Lane School in Hicksville, L.I., more than three decades ago, always suspected that her favorite pupil, BILLY JOEL, would make good someday.
"We are perfectly prepared to continue facing similar hostile posturing in the future."
Investigators believe they know how the bomb was constructed and detonated.
Over the weekend, a German newspaper quoted unidentified Bundesbank officials as saying German interest rates would not be cut again this year.
The Republicans say 900,000 of the 21 million will pay higher taxes, while the Treasury estimates that 300,000 of the 7 million will.
"It's very hard to be terrific in one part without being terrific in the other part."
By the time that lurid reports from defectors or neighbors move the authorities to intervene, the stage is set for the kind of lethal explosion that occurred in Texas.
He is scheduled to be at the N.C.A.A.
Sergi Bruguera of Spain rallied from a second-set rout and a 3-0 deficit in the third to upset third-seeded Petr Korda, 6-4, 0-6, 7-5, in the first semifinal.
Chinese children, whether rural or urban, are better fed and clothed.
She no longer, as her friends liked to joke, gets up in the morning and apologizes for it.
One suspects he was referring to connoisseurs, the people who buy wines like his Chateau Lafite-Rothschild.
Virtually every department store, museum, sports stadium, transportation depot, hospital, nightclub and hotel in the city has anywhere from a single drawer to an entire room devoted to things people are looking for.
Stereotyping of Muslims Protestant, Jewish, Roman Catholic and Eastern Orthodox groups warned in separate statements this week against stereotyping Muslims because of the arrest of three Muslims in connection with the bombing of the World Trade Center.
I applaud and admire his candor."
As "Around the Cragged Hill: A Personal and Political Philosophy" makes clear, George F. Kennan's conservatism is a product of his almost visceral recoil from many aspects of modern American life.
He responded to several questions by saying, "Like I told you before.
The film isn't helped by the fact that several of the principal actresses look just enough alike to create confusion about who is doing what to whom.
Restaurant is up a steep staircase.
At best, this is a risky strategy.
"Why do you think I'm going crazy for?," Mr. Anticev says.
In Puerto Rico, the Government is taking the lead.
The disagreement is the latest turn in what the court called a "monumental social crisis" that began with the state's deinstitutionalization of the mentally ill in the 1950's and that has left an estimated 10,000 mentally ill people in the city with no place to live but huge, forbidding shelters or on the sidewalks.
He moved to the United States in 1986 to become publisher of IDG Communication's Infoworld and joined Ziff-Davis as publisher of PC Magazine in 1989.
A1 2 HELD IN INDIA BOMBINGS Two suspects in the explosions that shook Bombay last week were arrested, and two others escaped in a shootout as investigators said they were exploring signs that organized crime and international terrorists had roles in the bombings.
And those who don't jog alongside this particular bandwagon had better get ready to pay the price.
Each participating country star is to disseminate information about AIDS at one of his or her already scheduled concerts.
The Chinese, so the Japanese tell me, are now great guys and will take care of the North Korean nukes.
On Monday, said Gregory Descartes, a brother of the victim, the two groups were approaching the courtroom when the defendant, who has been free on $15,000 bond, made a derogatory comment to Janine Descartes, 22, a sister.
New York Cares Day is simply the nonprofit group's largest project and fund-raising event.
So I think we're at the outer limits of the time that he was going to have hearings.
NOT far from Niagara Falls in southern Ontario, venturesome wine-minded travelers will discover a region rich with young wineries.
As a young actor, he earned enough credits at the University of California at Los Angeles for a second bachelor's degree, taking all the courses from anthropology to art history that he had not had the time to take as an undergraduate at SUNY Buffalo or as a graduate student at St. John's.
Mr. Thibodeau said he talked with Mr. Mangiafico after receiving a tip that the police were searching a home in connection with a sexual assault case involving a child.
Two More Go Down The big problem, though, wasn't the exhaustion.
Zen-Like Simplicity After 16 years in the Senate, Mr. Moynihan is known as a scholar, a challenger of conventional wisdom and a wit.
* Shepard P. Pollack was named chairman of Mandelbaum Mooney Ashley, San Francisco, succeeding Cathi Mooney, who continues as creative director and whose corporate responsibilities remain the same.
Local officials said the plane sank with no sign of survivors.
The friend accompanied him back to the apartment, at 28-15 33d Street in Elmhurst, found the body and called the police, she said.
"Hey, we're related to Clinton, too.
After he publicly announced his sexual orientation last year on a program on ABC, the Navy relieved him of duty at the Moffett Field Naval Air Station in Mountain View, Calif., south of San Francisco.
It would be the first major hotel to open in Brooklyn since the 1930's.
The Loman Family Picnic By Donald Margulies; directed by Lynne Meadow; set by Santo Loquasto; costumes by Rita Ryack; lighting by Peter Kaczorowski; sound by Otts Munderloh; fight director, Rick Sordelet; production stage manager, William Joseph Barnes; music by David Shire; musical staging by Marcia Milgrom Dodge; orchestrations by Martin Erskine; musical direction by Seth Rudetsky.
The suit named American, Alaska Airlines, Continental Airlines, Delta Air Lines, Northwest Airlines, Trans World Airlines, United Airlines and USAir.
Thomas M. Menino, the City Council president who took over as Acting Mayor in July after Raymond L. Flynn left City Hall to become United States Ambassador to the Vatican, poured coffee for James T. Brett, the State Representative who will oppose him in the nonpartisan election on Nov. 2.
Many of these executives were more serious runners a decade or so ago, and while they stick with their routines, are far more moderate now.
A REPORT prepared by Robert Silman Associates and Li/Saltzman Architects, paid for the New York Landmarks Conservancy, has found problems with the masonry steeple that should be repaired.
The cause of death was cancer, his wife, Helen, said.
Mr. Belle was among a group of prominent architects who had been invited to present their suggestions for restoring the site, owned and operated by the National Park Service.
Even though he had no direct control over my job he had effectively altered the way I approached it.
While the Clinton team has explanations for these modifications, they nevertheless raise questions of which campaign pledges Mr. Clinton does or does not intend to keep.
She still recalls how on weekends, her father, Vicente, would take her and her friends to fairs or for a cool ice cream, or how they would all gather with relatives to spend the day eating, talking and playing.
"But the specifics of the planned spending cuts have to come soon.
Judge Duffy may have set a tone for considering Mr. Moosh when, as his testimony was ending, Mr. Childers asked Mr. Moosh to clarify a minor point for the record.
Nonetheless some climatologists say there is an overall warming trend that will resume once the Pinatubo haze has fully dissipated, possibly next year.
Germany, where anti-foreigner violence spread last fall and caused the deaths of several immigrants, is tightening its liberal asylum laws.
But other airlines have different policies, and in an attempt to eliminate confusion and enhance enforcement, the airlines have jointly asked the Federal Aviation Administration to set a common standard, which would establish three classes of equipment: * No restriction: Hearing aids, pace makers and other implanted medical devices and electronic watches.
Even now, Cindy Pearson, the network's program director, remains cautious about advising a woman to take a one-time medium-heavy dose of hormones.
The cable delivery would let subscribers use the service while freeing their telephone lines.
It closed in Japan at 110.77 yen, down 0.88 yen from Friday's close.
Listen to the Democratic committee chairmen and caucus activists.
No electricity during the day.
There was Darryl Hannah, who has a penchant for wrapping herself in old-Hollywood-style glamour gowns and feather boas.
FOR many a young girl, a childhood spent with brothers has moments of fear and exasperation.
In a nation that has known only civil war or terror for a generation, there is no other figure in Cambodia with enough broad popular support to challenge him.
"I really believe that the only person who can defeat me is myself," he said.
'War Is Not Game' "War is not game," he said, in his improving Euro-English.
Some socially ambitious refugees from Grand Central trail in for their second entree of the night.
Mac Wellman's theatrical riffs liquefy language into rapturous conundrums of onomatopoetry and un sprocketed metaphor.
During his first term, through force of personality and his restoration of a down-on-its-luck bankrupt town to something of its former fiscal glory, Ed Koch gave the illusion that like it was was possible.
In the 14 quarters since then, the Jets' offense has consisted of six field goals.
Groundbreaking for the mall section is months away and a list of tenants has yet to be announced.
Blueberry Pancakes Total time: 30 minutes 3/4 cup whole-wheat flour 3/4 cup white flour 1 teaspoon baking powder 2 tablespoons sugar Pinch of salt 1 egg 3 tablespoons melted butter 1 cup skim milk 1 cup blueberries Warm maple syrup.
Waiting for Proof Clinton Administration officials have said they have found strong but inconclusive evidence that Iraq directed the assassination plot.
And the proof of it, perhaps, is that three of Francois Condette's four sons have decided to follow their 55-year-old father into the business.
He left the next day.
A former Long Island doctor was arraigned on arson charges.
Yes," Barkley said later to reporters.
Vice President a Captive The right-wing rebels have demanded the dismissal of the head of the Army and of President Chamorro's chief aide on the ground that the men are allowing the leftist Sandinista Front to continue to run the country, despite the front's loss to Mrs. Chamorro in the 1990 elections.
Miko Hughes Norman Strick .
Today, however, a President who respects Roe v. Wade is in the White House.
In fact, most tax measures include retroactive provisions, and the Supreme Court settled the matter long ago.
It was her second try for statewide elected office.
Doctors and about 40 hospitals announced the establishment of a new health-maintenance organization.
And it shows how public investors can be left without an easy way to establish the value of a company's stock, despite rules requiring disclosure of material facts to shareholders.
Amid a dizzying flurry of scientific papers about what is good or bad for the heart -- many widely reported in the news media -- cardiologists like Dr. Muller are worried that patients looking for guidance will be overwhelmed, unable to separate the scientific wheat from the not-so-scientific chaff.
The composed face that peers out of photographs has not changed much from the Wunderkind years, when Mr. Previn was winning Academy Awards for his film scores and making best-selling records as a pianist.
"To tell you the truth, it's the best couple of sets I've ever seen anyone play," he said.
Then Jackson broke off the left side for a 9-yard touchdown catch to put the Dolphins ahead, 14-0.
"The Selling of a Serial Killer" examines a very large can of worms.
"The biggest victory here is that people have finally acknowledged that rent regulation is a subsidy," he said.
"This whole thing was tragic," Mr. Kaneko said at the time, "but these things always happen.
Children have a constitutional right to a court-appointed lawyer in delinquency cases that could lead to confinement.
Participants in a panel discussion will include Kurt Andersen, architecture critic of Time magazine; Arnold B. Chace, developer; Rick Chellman, consulting engineer; John Montague Massengale, an architect and town planner; P. Lynn Oliva, the county's Planning Commissioner; Mr. Duany, and Ms. Plater-Zyberk.
These comic simplifications added up to a portrait of the artist as wonderful old curmudgeon.
As pieced together from papers filed in the case, here are the essential facts: Robert Atkins, a physician well known for a diet book that was a best seller in the 1970's, has in recent years concentrated on treating cancer and degenerative diseases with diets and blood supplements that he says can usefully complement traditional approaches.
Citizens threw and broke glass bottles as helmeted police officers formed human waves to break up the crowd in the barricaded streets around the Forum.
But the Bradys said that all last week, while awaiting Senate action, they had been had been feeling "lurkey," a Bradyism that rhymes with "turkey" and means an ice-water feeling in the heart.
"I have organizers who have been attacked," said Joachim Boers, a white National Party organizer who oversees recruiting in black townships around Pretoria.
On display through Aug. 15: "Gods, Guardians and Lovers: Temple Sculptures from North India, A.D.
"The Scent of the Green Papaya" marks a luxuriant, visually seductive debut for Mr. Hung, whose film is often so wordlessly evocative that it barely needs dialogue.
virus has a protein coat made up of two pieces called GP-41 and GP-120.
Mr. Hershenson, who is also the executive assistant to the chancellor of City University, is a former director of community relations there.
There's a thrill only heroes feel, and James W. Sherwood felt it Friday when he heard voices echoing faintly through a wall at the World Trade Center, sledgehammered a hole through mortar and wood and discovered an elevator crammed with dozens of panicked school children.
Along the way, Ms. Rodas became a millionaire.
Arantxa Sanchez Vicario has still never been beaten by Mary Pierce, the teen-ager who used the championships as a personal declaration of independence from an abusive family history that threatened to upstage her tennis career.
His press secretary, Barbara Thomas, said his schedule was too full.
Argosy says it thinks it could win a court fight over the issue, but decided against seeking a legal opinion before the offering.
On this level, Mr. Noonan doesn't provide many insights.
Similar Moves Elsewhere In Texas and elsewhere, the courts have declared that spending disparities, under which some schools have computers in every classroom while others still struggle to provide enough textbooks, violate constitutional guarantees of an adequate education for all students.
The Trade Categories France's leaders have called for protection against products from low-wage countries and have expressed doubts about the market-access agreement.
Le Regence, Hotel Plaza Athenee, 37 East 64th Street, Manhattan, (212) 606-4647; breakfast Fridays through Sundays 7 to 10 A.M. Cuban LA ROSITA, a plain, glass-fronted cafe near Columbia University, specializes in hearty, filling Cuban food, and there are few things as satisfying in cold weather as breakfast under the restaurant's fluorescent lights and beneath the occasionally baleful glares of the waitresses.
In 1991 and 1992 the Russians and Norwegians monitored the Komsomolets site and found no detectable plutonium from weapons.
Santos was cited yesterday for his ride aboard Runaway Storm in Belmont's second race on June 6.
For all the debates and the decrees on private land ownership, agricultural reform, market prices and the like, Koltsovo has known little tangible improvement.
"This unexpected find demonstrates how little is known about the radiation of birds in the Mesozoic" period, wrote Dr. Angela C. Milner, a paleontologist at the Natural History Museum in London, in a commentary accompanying a report of the discovery in today's issue of the journal Nature.
But Robert L. Little, who heads the Child Welfare Administration, said the budget office has underestimated how many workers it needs.
Gen. Cortlandt Van Rensselaer Schuyler, who was a senior officer in the military arm of NATO and New York State's first Commissioner of General Services, died on Saturday at his home in San Antonio.
and Kresge, as well as to the Detroit Institute of Arts and Pennsylvania Academy of Arts.
Such individuals may take the deer only if the carcass is released by a law-enforcement or game officer, after filling out a "deerkill report," he said.
The agreement is evidently part of an effort by the F.D.A.
Human rights groups and Dr. Que's family in the United States say they have received reliable information in recent weeks that the 51-year-old radiologist is being held in solitary confinement in a prison camp in southern Vietnam, and that he has been forced to resume hard labor.
Much structural repair work is being left undone, and the number of workers has thinned too severely to keep up with the litter and debris.
In the same way that no item of clothing can be classified as inherently grunge, men's wear can no longer be thought of as strictly masculine.
In his weekly radio address on Saturday, he emphasized the importance of passing the North American Free Trade Agreement and did not mention health care.
They make for a piercing contrast with the written story.
It's like a professional setting.
At first glance, the 99 works in "Poverty Pop" (on view through Jan. 8) has a raucous, liberating visual energy.
Andrew P. O'Rourke, the Westchester County Executive, has once again been recommended for a Federal judgeship, clouding the November race for who will manage the county.
A little shop sells Provencal products (olive oil and honey soaps, Souleiado fabrics, olive wood objects and perfumes).
Place the gratin in the oven for about 15 minutes if the mixture is still warm when it goes into the oven, or about 30 minutes if the mixture has cooled.
Overexposed Hall of Fame Elizabeth Taylor Michael Jackson Cher Sylvester Stallone Bill Cosby The Brat Pack Overexposed Stars Arnold Schwarzenegger Madonna Sharon Stone Shannen Doherty Oprah Winfrey Whitney Houston Clint Eastwood Barbra Streisand Kathie Lee Gifford Michael Bolton Exposed Just Right Kevin Costner Paul Newman Robert Redford Tom Cruise Mel Gibson Jodie Foster Robert De Niro Underexposed Stars Al Pacino Marisa Tomei Overexposed Country Singers Loretta Lynn The Judds Billy Ray Cyrus Garth Brooks Overexposed Couples Tom and Roseanne Woody and Mia Burt and Loni Donald and Marla Ted and Whoopi Demi and Bruce Richard and Cindy Kenneth and Emma Melanie and Don Julia and Lyle Daryl and John Overexposed Genres Generation X Filmz N the hood Grunge Overexposed Profession Supermodel Overexposed Dinosaurs T. Rex Barney Eric Clapton Overexposed Cult TV Shows "Seinfeld" "Northern Exposure" "Ren and Stimpy" Overexposed Director of Bad Cult Movies Ed Wood Jr. Overexposed Before His Time Conan O'Brien Overexposed Superagent Michael Ovitz Overexposed Comeback Tom Jones Overexposed Drag Queen RuPaul No Longer Overexposed (Because No One Cares) Zsa Zsa Gabor Pia Zadora Jerry Lewis
The campaign made little headway until a demonstration by the Patrolmen's Benevolent Association got out of hand.
Israel also says that all the temporary deportation orders will be reviewed by special boards regardless of whether an individual has lodged an appeal.
Dining-room supervisors, at the ready, spotted problems and stepped in to keep the meal on course.
On the evidence in hand, he doesn't want it.
How do films deal with this kind of deception?
; CHRISTIE ALLEN, cross-country and track at Pittsburg (Kan.) State; JENNIFER CARBONE, gymnastics at Georgia; SARAH EDMONDS, cross-country at Gustavus Adolphus in Minnesota; KAREN JENNINGS, basketball at Nebraska; ANU KALJURAND, track and field at Brigham Young; CYNTHIA OYLER, field hockey at William Smith College of Geneva, N.Y.; LISA PIKALEK, volleyball at Virginia Tech, and ANDREA WIELAND, field hockey at Iowa.
He was crying when he arrived, he recalls, afraid the children on the field might push or trip him.
Basketball National Basketball Association INDIANA PACERS -- Signed Rik Smits, center, to a multiyear contract.
Justice Blackmun ordered state officials to postpone enforcing the law until the full Supreme Court studies an emergency request by the operators of North Dakota's only abortion clinic, the Fargo Women's Health Organization.
But since June 10, 1967, no Syrian soldier has seen that view.
In May he wrote that it would be "tantamount to a suicide" for his party to collaborate with the forces being gathered by former Finance Minister Tsutomu Hata and by Ichiro Ozawa, perhaps the country's most powerful politician.
The guarantees would come as the Ukrainian Parliament considers ratification of the first strategic arms treaty, known as Start I, and a related vote on the country's non-nuclear status.
A Spate of Shootings It was the second time in less than a week that the police in East Orange had shot a suspected car thief.
Apparently it was catnip to the Internal Revenue Service, which descended only to back off when confronted with the evidence of the painter's work.
But most of the film brings its characters very comfortably to life.
With a strong hand, West opened one heart.
Little Display of Emotion Mr. Mozer displayed little emotion at the sentencing, other than to fidget and take a drink of water after the judge said he did not agree with a probation report that recommended probation without jail.
Some of the most influential and biting criticism has come from the Getty Center for Education in the Arts in Santa Monica, Calif.
For Mrs. Adams, life is rarely this good.
The composer Michael Ching hopes to present the work at the annual Faulkner conference next month in Oxford, Miss., on a double bill with "King of the Clouds," which he wrote with the Nashville songwriter Hugh Moffatt.
Hours: today and tomorrow, 11 A.M. to 10 P.M.; Sunday, 11 A.M. to 6 P.M.
On those occasions -- and over a lunch of Oregon chanterelle ravioli and grilled chicken salad at the Gotham Bar and Grill in Manhattan -- both family solidarity and the continuity of two firmly feminist generations were evident, suggesting that the talent for controversy is an inherited trait.
Moving at his own pace, and ignoring official deadlines, he is taking advantage of the edge gained by his decisive America's Cup victory last year.
"The intervening years brought other things, and those things have gone, but the things the artists and writers originally came for are still here."
Ban Is Proposed In response to the doctors' plea, Representative Thomas M. Barrett, Democrat of Wisconsin, said late last month that he would introduce legislation to ban the bullets to all but law-enforcement officials.
I'd probably be a little disappointed."
"COMIC POWER: INDEPENDENT/UNDERGROUND COMIX, U.S.A," Exit Art, 548 Broadway, at Prince Street, SoHo.
But the commission has no power to investigate abuses by the military.
"WE figured the more variety we offered, the more attractive we would look to prospective tenants," said Ms. Nemiroff of Americas Tower, which has three rival fiber optics suppliers in the building.
A long walk on a fine day.
The officials said they did not know of any agency or official personnel, including prosecutors at the Justice Department and senior analysts at the Central Intelligence Agency or military officials at the Pentagon, who supported a pardon.
For the most part, the survey of 500 registered voters, supported the public perception that the city's public schools are in crisis and are being victimized by a bureaucracy marked by incompetence, political agendas and corruption.
Mr. Prickett graduated from Princeton University and received a law degree from Harvard University.
Mr. Simon is more concerned with the dynamics among the writers, a star high on pills, liquor and genius, and a blond secretary whose aspirations to contribute gags of her own one day are limited by a singularly feeble sense of humor.
Bill Clinton ran as the candidate of change.
Hoping to take advantage of the giving spirit of the season and reminding taxpayers that Dec. 31 is the deadline for gifts deductible against this year's income, charitable organizations from the well known to the obscure pull out all the stops.
East put up the queen and led the diamond four, putting South to the test.
(718) 699-9811 SIDEWALKS Cracked sidewalks, holes, etc.
Mr. Hernon noted that when the Danes rejected the Maastricht treaty last year, one reason was fear that it would make it easier for Germans to buy up Danish homes.
What follows are three starkly different approaches to the changes now reshaping the military industry.
"All our fellows fought for them in the war," she said of World War II.
John M. Krumm performed the Episcopal ceremony at Trinity Church in Boston.
"Any Given Day," a drama by Frank D. Gilroy, is to close after the matinee tomorrow at the Longacre Theater, 220 West 48th Street, Manhattan.
Most of the salads can be recommended, as can the bowl of sweet little mussels in a spicy shellfish broth, garnished with tomato and scallions.
"For her age it's incredible," Seles said.
"We knew Lenny would do better immediately," McIlvaine said of the center fielder.
When you've got this kind of density of population and very little land, this is one of the things you do -- you go up."
"A professional athlete shouldn't," he said.
Like the industry itself, some airline jobs have evolved in dramatic ways, creating new tensions between management and labor.
Leaders of newly independent Central Asian republics, especially Uzbekistan, Kyrgyzstan and Kazakhstan, saw doors opening to the munitions, mujaheddin and mullahs of Afghanistan and Iran, while Russia saw its borders crumbling and its cities overwhelmed by a tide of Russian refugees.
At one location, a garage in Maspeth, Queens, the officers found $1.7 million in cash hidden in the false bottom of a container.
Complaints on Schedules In most instances, Phillips said by telephone from Philadelphia, umpires were scheduled for more games than permitted under the contract, but in at least one case, Terry Tata was scheduled not only for too many games but also for too many consecutive games and for games at the start and at the end of the schedule.
I suspect that, increasingly, students who learn in a teleclassroom will graduate to work in a teleoffice.
Slater: "I don't want to be the goddamn hero!
The object's gravity acts as a converging or amplifying lens, which makes the star appear brighter for a short time.
Two Hard Choices The political situation remains murky.
But a pathologist said bronchial spasms induced by the spray contributed to the death.
selected two outsiders, the Intel Corporation and the Microsoft Corporation, to supply the key technologies -- microprocessors and the operating software -- for its PC's.
Share Price Jumps $1.375 Investors responded favorably to Dell's announcement today, sending its stock up $1.375, to $35, in Nasdaqtrading today.
THE Christmas spirit is once again triumphant in the roster of books chosen by the editors of the Book Review as the best of the year: volumes of both fiction and nonfiction filled with collapsed empires, disappearing species, civil wars, guerrilla wars, homelessness, imprisonment, exile, moral decay, narcotics, random violence, an acutely discomforting villain -- and very large animals, some of which may slam you around because they've silently decided they just don't like you.
"I would never kick anybody."
It concludes with his searing images from the late 80's, when he was afflicted with AIDS.
They are clearly interested only in how much they can profit from the danger New Yorkers face from rabies.
3d Quarter Friday Personal Income .
The official box scores were discarded after three years as "working sheets."
"They're becoming businessmen very rapidly," Mr. Brown said.
"If a composer can listen to Beethoven a hundred times, why can't I watch Kubrick?"
He has also hired James Carville, the campaign strategist who guided Bill Clinton to the Presidency, a move that enhanced Mr. Katz's credibility and potency in the eyes of his opponents.
For the first time since 1981, the Americans had both beaten the Europeans on their own turf and defended the cup, which they had regained at Kiawah Island, S.C., in 1991 when Langer missed that infamous putt.
"It's a modest number, really," Mr. Faxon said.
Lieutenant Dunning's lawyers had cited a recent decision by Judge Terry J. Hatter Jr. of the United States District Court that the ban was unconstitutional.
The academy, financed by the Unification Church, pledged $50 million in aid in return for the right to select up to 60 percent of the university's trustees.
Ninety percent of the city's libraries are now open at least five days a week, city officials said, adding that 100 percent were expected to be on at least a five-day schedule by the end of the month.
Losses from passive trade or business activities are deductible only against income from those activities.
Under the Clinton proposal, everyone would be required to have health insurance and to contribute to its cost.
But as listeners cram toward the front, there always seems to be some space near the back of the room, which is small enough to seem intimate.
The Value Line OTC Special Situations Service moved from 14th place in the five years ended Aug. 31 to 5th place in the five years ended Dec. 31 -- from a gain of 63.47 percent, including the crash, to a gain of 197.04 percent with the crash eliminated.
Mr. Del Rio, a founding partner in Management Decision Systems, an executive recruiting firm in Oradell, N.J., graduated from Baruch College.
In the past, when Yeltsin has acted strangely and unpredictably, Stankevich has been the one to explain.
"She makes the people wait," said Michael Rosenberg, an American agent who represents several skaters from Eastern Europe.
Mr. Clinton is seeking $60 billion in military cuts over the next five years beyond what the Bush Administration called for, but General Powell's blueprint provides only a few specific cost-cutting recommendations.
B1 IMPACT OF THE PROGRAM THE ARTS A provision on tax deductions will greatly benefit museums, universities and other nonprofit organizations.
They later made Mr. Florio a partner in the deal.
The company said it had experienced a growth in environmental claims, primarily from smaller companies with lower coverage limits.
"Gay people didn't use to have power unless they hid being gay," said Thomas Stoddard, the lawyer who coordinated the Campaign for Military Service and the former executive director of the Lambda Legal Defense and Education Fund.
COLGATE -- Named Scott Thielke tennis coach.
Mark Price, who has all but disappeared in this series, and John (Hot Rod) Williams both had 11 points.
I'm back home, jet lag and laundry, space stapled down with every step .
All add up to pictures of junkyards inhabited by unsavory-looking men and dogs under skies worthy of Albert Bierstadt and all are obviously labors of love.
He was the chairman of the International Tennis Federation's Rules Committee from 1987 to 1990, the United States Tennis Association's Grievance Committee from 1970 to 1985 and its Constitution and Rules Committee from 1983 to 1986.
In "Chris Cross," set in a prep school, Chris Hilton (Simon Fenton) finds himself having to write an essay about gay rights, an assignment striking close to home, inasmuch as his older brother has just "come out" to his family.
"I'll go a little overboard when it comes to nonfiction.
Radio Stories Directed and written by Jose Luis Saenz de Heredia (in Spanish with English subtitles); director of photography, Antonio L. Ballesteros; edited by Julio Pena; music by Ernesto Halfter.
"There are thousands of staff," he said at the time, adding that half of them do no work.
Mr. Morris co-wrote, with Charles H. Ferguson, a recent book, "Computer Wars" that chronicled I.B.M.
John M. Todd, a Roman Catholic publisher and scholar who wrote sympathetic studies of Martin Luther and John Wesley, died at his home in Somerset, England, on June 9.
Mario M. Cuomo of New York continues to pit motorist against straphanger in the battle for transportation dollars, there are $1.7 billion in state funds sitting on the desks of state officials that should be put to work repairing roads, bridges, mass transit and other public works infrastructure.
On Tuesday, 43 Muslim militants charged with attacks on foreign tourists went on trial in Cairo, shouting warnings of more violence and claiming that they have been tortured.
The Devils didn't draft a coach today, so they still must fill a big gap in their organization.
United States Attorney Michael Chertoff could have used more temperate language, but when he stated that Sol Wachtler "was not a man who was staying home in a bathrobe or going around like a screaming banshee," he meant only to indicate that Mr. Wachtler did not meet the Federal rule for acquittal by reason of insanity.
Dolph Briscoe, he discovered the Janey Field, prudently named after the Governor's wife.
"It's bad enough that every year there are bad bills in Albany that become law," said Lee Wasserman, the executive director of the Environmental Planning Lobby.
Improving economic conditions have also marginalized the fundamentalists' domestic program, which consists of opposing economic reforms suggested by the International Monetary Fund.
The second element in the strategy calls for the United States to spur Mr. Boutros-Ghali to act much more vigorously to put more United Nations troops from other countries into Somalia, so that the force that remains after an American withdrawal will be credible and effective.
Since 1991, when the state passed the Medicaid Managed Care Act, managed-care companies have been seeking to enroll Medicaid patients and avoid paying penalties.
But now, when widening ethnic rifts shape urban politics and multiculturalism dominates intellectual debate, the institution's emphasis on ethnic identity and social history has become downright trendy.
Lydia Watt stuffs pillows, blankets and sheets under the door to keep rats out of her bedroom at night in her small apartment in the Williamsburg section of Brooklyn.
Travelers from Katmandu to the United States can take two 70-pound pieces of luggage.
"I just had to dig in and make this thing work and keep on trying harder."
But hey, why stop there?
Eugene Wigner won the Nobel Prize for his work in theoretical physics.
They are contending with the Cincinnati Reds and the Baltimore Orioles for the distinction of being the biggest underachievers of the 1993 season.
The stock lost almost as much when he left in April.
Merry-Go-Round has had its own struggles of late, posting declining sales in stores open at least one year in four out of the last seven months.
"The cracker-barrel view has a hard time with tragedy (though it does fine with sentiment), with ambiguity, and with evil, and so it was with Will.
Anita is both more coldhearted and more sentimental.
It includes an appetizer of medallions of lobster with tabbouleh, asparagus, endive and citrus vinaigrette.
But she also acknowledged under cross-examination that if Dylan had been abused, she would limit visitation "in some extreme way."
Well, not to wave a red flag in front of a suing bull, but if Medphone executives think shareholders had little reason to sell, they haven't been reading their own S.E.C.
The Constitution itself requires the President to consider the judicial philosophy of his nominees.
"They had a treehouse where I played around.
So we decided to buy the next year."
Tim Belcher pitched seven innings for Cincinnati, allowing two runs on three hits, striking out eight and walking two.
In light of recent events, you will not be surprised to learn that the planning went on for 15 years before a renovation occurred.
"Today, people around the office are walking around with their heads down," Mr. Bryden said.
A4 National A8-11 HEALTH CARE SPENDING RISES Health care spending rose to more than 14 percent of the nation's total economic output last year, continuing a trend that is seen as a threat to the country's economic health.
By the way, referring to the Greens only as "environmentalist" is somewhat like referring to A.T. & T. as only a phone company.
A shopper in almost any suburban mall today can find a store selling Indian symbols like dream catchers, rain sticks and kokopelli, the humpbacked Pueblo sign of fertility that has been transformed into refrigerator magnets and key chains.
He was not quite sure what he was going to do with the Waldbaum's jacket.
More than 10 million vasectomies have been performed in China.
How many gangs are operating in Hartford, and how many members do they have?
Many suburbanites who were considered moderate or low income in the past would no longer qualify for such aid.
The shift to county legislatures was spurred by United States Supreme Court decisions in the 1960's that said many legislative bodies violated the one-man one-vote principle.
I didn't even know I had a hamstring."
" Her latest novel, "Her Own Place," is about Mae Lee Barnes, who matures from a rural South Carolina teen-ager, all buckled knees for her high school sweetheart, to an abandoned mother of five whose fierce reserves and constant humor help her family to prosper.
Rapid inflation, in this view, disrupts stock and bond markets, and the disruption hurts the economy.
Current Strategy: "We invest in the most attractive stocks in the attractive sectors of the Japanese equities market."
A demonstration that, had Carlos seen it, would have answered his question about what it all meant.
"He said if he could be of assistance, please feel free to call on him.
The Detroit defense took charge from the very start.
New York: Alfred A. Knopf.
"I'm disappointed that I won't be playing," said Smith, who has missed the last four games.
A Son's Reaction His sons didn't read the book until it was published.
According to Dahlberg, based in Golden Valley, Minn., the F.T.C.
At school his Jewish classmates had repelled him: "I assumed in my mechanistic 8-year-old way that their trouble in speaking had something to do with the structure of their noses.
Attempted-Murder Charge Mr. Ramirez was arrested on charges of attempted murder, first-degree assault, criminal use of a firearm and reckless endangerment.
Majorities in rural regions, Denver suburbs and Colorado Springs supported it.
Her father was a retired packaging engineer at Avon Products in Suffern, N.Y.
More than a million eastern Germans saw unification as a chance to escape the frustration and limited opportunity of the east and emigrate to western cities full of color, action and success.
Playing a homosexual window dresser who holds the brutalities of prison life at bay by the sheer force of his imagination, Mr.
Ms. Allaire, who lived for 12 years in England, founded a still-active business there called Art Tours of London.
A Political Balancing Act Thus President Clinton has sent a letter to President Yeltsin, warning that Russian companies face economic sanctions unless they halt such exports, United States officials said.
An asterisk indicates that a book's sales are barely distinguishable from those of the book above.
A Lengthy Sentence At the original trial, no evidence was introduced to show that the suspect, Robert C. Ryan, knew the weight of the hallucinogen, and even a police chemist who testified could not say how much psilocybin was in the mushrooms.
The assertion led to Mr. Masson's dismissal from the archives and Ms. Malcolm's interest in writing about him.
Mrs. Donohue is a manager in the actuarial, benefits and compensation consulting group of Deloitte & Touche, the accounting firm, in New York.
A sense of trespassing, as though one is disturbing a sacred site, hangs heavy in the musty indoor air.
contracts reminds you of what it feels like to have nothing in this world."
When it became full-time, she dropped out of college.
The process has been mirrored to varying degrees around the nation.
Mr. Goodman said he knew it was the new name for the old job of City Council president.
Some listeners defended the "Frenchie" character, saying he was not offensive.
"Death by a thousand cuts is exactly what I.B.M.
The windfall can become an asset or a liability or something in between, depending on the personality of the winner.
Over the last 2 minutes and 25 seconds, New Jersey spurted again, with goals by Scott Niedermayer, Bill Guerin and, finally, with 2 seconds left, one by Scott Pellerin into an empty net.
No Ties to the Quake In this region, said Achille Cutrera, a Socialist Senator who helped lead a two-year investigation into the diversion of earthquake funds, one-quarter of the government funds were spent on items "that had nothing to do with the earthquake."
It was conducted on Feb. 28 and March 1 and had a margin of error of plus or minus three percentage points.
They are all searching for deliverance, for some healing Ganesha or other, in the face of unspeakable suffering.
Brien had his shoulder "popped" back into place, according to several people with knowledge of the incident.
He closed the, the, the whole case.
Pound Ridge, N.Y. $243,500 210 Kitchawan Road 4-bedroom, 3-bath, 28-year-old ranch: dining room, deck, family room, office, laundry room, 2.2 acres; taxes $4,841.
Even so, Anderson's loss is substantial.
The dollar hit an 11-week high against the mark.
But the Vissers, who live in Manlius, N.Y., have found help with their car-pooling problems thanks to a company called Kids Taxi.
But is it because information technology hasn't measured up to expectations?
Honda is trying to clear its inventories to make way for the fourth-generation Accord, which went into production today.
Officials representing the World Food Program and the High Commissioner for Refugees, the principal United Nations agencies involved, have acknowledged that there is virtually no food left in warehouses in and around Bosnia and so little promised by donors -- mainly in Western Europe, Japan, the United States and Canada -- for coming months that the entire food relief program threatens to collapse.
Lester Wilson, a choreographer, director and dancer, died on Sunday at his home in Los Angeles.
Mr. Miller has already written a new play, "Gellburg," as he told an audience at the 92d Street Y some weeks ago.
While tonight's meeting was taking place, President Clinton was informed that a Federal District Court judge in California had ruled that the military ban on homosexuals is unconstitutional, possibly handing the President a powerful new weapon in his standoff with Congress and the Joint Chiefs of Staff over the issue.
"For most clubs going into season, you play the hand you're dealt until much later in the season unless there's a cushion financially you can draw on.
The chemistry fascinated me, and eventually I found the strength to declare that I would not become a doctor but would become a chemist," he said.
"Perhaps I'm cynical," said the Mexican-born woman, who earns $33,000 a year, "but in Mexico we believe no one is a saint.
Aside from being rude, doing so puts children in an awkward situation.
The trade cost the Yankees a reliever, John Habyan.
It is widely believed that much of this money finds its way into the hands of politicians.
Shakespeare never completed the play, which is about a distinguished and wealthy man who loses his fortune, goes unaided by those he helped and consequently becomes embittered and vengeful.
Miss Hall's husband died in 1963.
They would also be allowed to share revenue with Cuba's state-owned telephone company.
Meanwhile, Heard is trying to salvage a no-win situation.
The Mohawks were the highest bidders at the auction, held July 17, with an offer of $233,000 for the county-owned property known as Montgomery Manor, 45 miles northwest of Albany along the Mohawk River.
"This is a settlement where you are supposed to be fair.
A coat can have a swirling hemline or can be made as simple as a bathrobe and still be basic, Mr. Scaasi said.
To go to a post-season tournament every year.
The Mysterious Rockies Someday maybe someone will be able to explain why these things happen.
Mr. Green, the former Consumer Affairs Commissioner, will bring in a number of people who have worked for Mayor David N. Dinkins, either in his administration or on his campaigns.
Some customer advocates worry that computer errors may cause some customers to be denied cars unfairly; others argue that the rental companies have no right to turn away drivers who have valid licenses.
Mr. Forgione, and his talented resident chef, Melissa Kelly, have introduced some classic American winners like Yankee pot roast with mashed potatoes and root vegetables, pot pies (one of venison with a peppered cranberry crust; another of smoked turkey and vegetables), as well as regional dishes like planked salmon with a faintly sweet apple cider sauce and soothing corn pudding.
Hours: 5:30 to 9:30 P.M. Wednesday and Thursday, 5:30 to 10:30 P.M. Friday and Saturday, 5:30 to 8:30 P.M. Sunday.
The owners have allowed the corruption of the game through the designated hitter, artificial turf, baseball parks with cement skies, through-the-night (and only-at-night) World Series games, viewing screens on scoreboards that distract with goofy old movies, public-address systems that play music louder than rock concerts, soaring ticket prices, hot dogs that sell for $5 and are indigestible, seats that are six blocks from the field and ballplayers making $6 million who won't slide because it might muss their uniforms in front of network television audiences.
Nasty Maxwell absconds with the dog, and the chase is on.
It is the installation called "Honor Thy Father," which is the work of Steve Pace's great-great-grandson, Lorenzo, and pays tribute to his father, Bishop Elder Eddie T. Pace (1909-91).
Equities were up only marginally."
Early in his career he took up teaching English and philosophy, acting, directing and writing in London.
At first Britain and France wanted the new resolution to give strong endorsement to the Vance-Owen plan.
The police said Mr. Cook shot Officer Noblin, then Officer Capotosto when she ran into the bathroom at the sound of gunfire.
By rejecting the plan, creditors could seize immediately any pledged collateral.
Mr. Kelly and Mr. Morgenthau said the importers paid more than $30 million for the heroin before it was sold to wholesalers and street dealers, who dilute the drug and package it in glassine envelopes for sales.
A United Nations Security Council team arrived today in Zagreb, Croatia, on a fact-finding mission to last several days.
And I look at best-case scenarios where they're concerned."
The focus of next month's issue is to be Valentine's Day.
And when we compare our life with that in Russia, it's much better in Russia."
Amy Scherber, a neighborhood resident, opened her shop, Amy's Bread, last year and set up a booth at the fair "so people could get to know us."
Several changes were aimed at placing renewed emphasis on foreign sales.
The air, instead, feels tight with excitement.
"We're supposed to be out by 11 A.M. or noon" after a night on call, he said, "but it's very difficult to leave by 12.
Not a thing, says the BBC: "It may be wrong in grammar books.
Dave Besteman of Madison, Wis., won the 1,000 in 1:15.81 and was second in the 500 in 37.87.
The shoofly pie, a sweet molasses treat that is served warm with a scoop of vanilla ice cream, is another good choice.
Robert E. Pollack: Beyond cloning.
They increase in symbolic stature by embodying contrasting views of the universe.
In fact, he and others said the President's biggest impact on the economy so far has come not from programs themselves, but from the waiting.
One interpretation of the airport accord was that it amounted to a face-saving way of ceding the city to the Serbian forces without extensive bloodshed and without the Bosnian Government's having to admit defeat.
The strategy has worked spectacularly well: The Los Angeles-based label has ranked No.
Every year, about 5.5 billion tons of carbon dioxide are added to the atmosphere by the burning of fossil fuels, along with an unknown amount from the burning of tropical forests -- scientists have generally used a figure of about 1.5 billion tons -- for an estimated total of 7 billion tons.
'Listening and Talking' "I think a good part of my first year is going to be spent listening and talking to people," she said.
A film review in Weekend on Friday about "Beethoven's 2d" misidentified the director of the earlier movie "Beethoven."
Teachers in the city's schools are indeed stressed for many reasons, including the magnificent but difficult diversity of our students, the deterioration of facilities and supplies, and mostly, the serious overcrowding of the classrooms.
They planted roses around the house, and things that grow easily from seed.
team unless he's part owner, too.
"The reality today is that most people getting out of college have incurred large, large debts.
West champion, likely fell out of the playoff picture.
But bonds rallied and interest rates fell after the July report on durable goods orders showed weakness in manufacturing.
Their per-capita share of the national treasury is lower.
Such distortion really made me mad, more than the political ramifications of the settlements."
Justice Marshall, a few days shy of his 83d birthday, gave health as the reason for his retirement.
Be that as it may, Mr. Humphrey said, picture and sound are still markedly better than they were on old tapes because the process began with restored negatives.
Proudian finished 31 for 60 for 438 yards with no interceptions.
A former governor with an upright image and much to say about what is wrong with the directions in which Japan has veered in recent years, Mr. Hosokawa gives the new coalition an air of cleanliness.
But Mr. Clinton seldom dismissed anyone, even if the person fell out of favor.
Larry Martin Demery and Green each is charged with first-degree murder, armed robbery and conspiracy to commit armed robbery.
"I don't know what it was.
(The CBS research department always provides the most detailed analysis of a sweep; last week, its briefings booklets ran 75 pages.)
Only about 100 Lodkin supporters came out in cold, damp weather to demonstrate beneath the statue of Lenin that still stands outside the government building, carrying hand-scrawled placards saying "Hands Off Lodkin."
We're obliged to suspend him with pay.
"But to really get down to the nitty-gritty," operational improvements need to be in place, "and then you need to get into the classroom."
Shearson's funds did not set the world on fire to begin with, said Don Phillips, publisher of Morningstar Mutual Funds.
The Connetquot, located in a state park of the same name, is in Oakdale and, as does Carman's, flows south into Great South Bay.
Yet when the Production Code Administration demanded punishment for the killer of a Nazi agent in Lillian Hellman's "Watch on the Rhine," the author responded with a note inquiring whether the administration "was aware that killing Nazis was now a matter of national policy."
Instead, he chose complex symphonic scores.
Hilton Hotels will be a 13 percent owner of the resort, with Colony Capital as the lead institution on the investment end.
Mr. Malouf, an Australian writer whose previous novel was "The Great World," adroitly limns each of these shifting projections, sympathetically portraying the desperation of human exile with its terrors, its possibilities, its unlikely opportunities for grace.
"Deep down in my heart I know the real story, and I just wish the best of luck for Kenny.
supplied funds and weapons, while the ground operations and distribution of hardware was handled by Pakistan's secret service.
And in December, with hunting season in full swing, deer are most often hit as they leap across roads to get away from other dangers.
It's fun to watch egotistical artistes throwing tantrums, seducing the chorus kids and otherwise misbehaving in stage mysteries.
Surely the city and the hotel can come up with something more useful than empty space.
The company also said it was holding venture talks with each of the six other regional Bell operating companies and the GTE Corporation, the American Telephone and Telegraph Company and the MCI Communications Corporation.
This afternoon, he sat by himself in the clubhouse and watched the Yankees top the Indians, 9-1, on television because he cannot sit in the dugout -- but he is not planning to wait much longer.
A five-bedroom house with two and a half baths for 10 people is $10,000 a week ($143 a person a night).
'The Woman in Black' "The Woman in Black," the three-character ghost thriller running in London's West End for the last five years, was to arrive on Broadway last October.
It's the combination of having a very strong personality with a surprising technical ability."
Moreover, his advisers said today, Mr. Shevardnadze was taking direct control of the police and intelligence forces in Abkhazia.
He was also let go because he had become politically incorrect in the overdue maturation of the National Hockey League.
A judge in Burlington, Ky., yesterday ordered Cincinnati Reds pitcher TOM BROWNING to do 80 hours of community service as part of a diversion program on a charge of marijuana possession.
Let Jan. 20 be a day marking the advent of a President whose mature character will draw its shape from the hope, humility and dedication of the American people.
"We're the state that produced Malcolm X and Adam Clayton Powell and we're still not being treated fairly," he said.
consortium, each with its special interests.
("We don't ask any questions, and you don't give any answers" is the policy Senator Sam Nunn proposed as he held hearings on the issue.)
After the game, in the Cowboys' jammed locker room, the team's 40-year-old defensive coordinator, Dave Wannstedt, spoke of his players like a proud father.
Add to that the bishops' ingrained reluctance to tread on one another's turf and, quite possibly, a fear that any national reports could be used against them in the welter of lawsuits that almost every bishop has faced.
It is an imperfect option, fraught with abuses.
Bank lending could take an upswing as the central bank lowers its minimum reserve requirement.
"It's a very specific receivable with a history of collection.
"More are like me," she said.
Calmly, he kept dribbling, waiting for Ewing to set a pick on Ferry.
'Independent Country' "A part of the Russian population that hated Latvians had to understand that, now, there's an independent country called Latvia, and they have to live with that whether they like it or not," said Anda Zida, a 47-year-old high-school teacher of Latvian language and literature.
Some in the group, facing tough re-election fights in 1994 and fearing that the public will turn on Democrats after taxes go up, want to be seen as fiscal hawks.
Most nearly new stolen cars are taken to chop shops, cannibalized and sold for parts, often to exporters who can resell them for double the New York price.
Mr. Marcou, 35, is a partner in the law firm of Marks & Murase in Washington.
We're not much of a pot shop."
"He crossed guys up every at-bat," said Jeff Kent, who had what passed for a great offensive night when he was hit by a pitch in the fifth.
(A Windows version is expected in the summer.)
But it is Roy's 16-year-old daughter, Fay, who gets the brunt of his rage.
"But now," I gestured at the empty stage, "you are in a gay role in a gay play.
Stocks were mixed, bolstered by drug issues and low interest rates but held back by weakness in airline and cyclical stocks.
On Tuesday, Mr. Carey appointed a trustee to oversee the council.
Francisco Gonzalez, an editor at the newspaper El Imparcial, said by telephone that five passengers and the pilot and co-pilot were killed, and that there was considerable fog in the area.
The Clinton Administration's proposed new energy tax could be an incentive to do that, he says -- but he was considering such a move before the announcement of the tax.
There is a good reason for Graham's caution.
The festival starts with a five-kilometer race at 10 A.M. tomorrow.
Computer Associates initially said it would give away a million copies, and Marc Sokol, a company executive, said that number was reached last week, just six weeks after the offer began.
Mount Sinai Medical Center will change the way it assigns rooms to maternity patients on Medicaid, ceasing a practice of keeping all such poor patients on one floor, the Dinkins administration said yesterday.
Toby plays basketball in his street shoes, nearly breaking his neck on the waxed floor, then in his bare feet.
He established the Arthur Ashe Foundation for the Defeat of AIDS, and the international tennis community rallied behind it to make the first Tennis Challenge a success.
We strapped everything down tightly and pushed off.
Another hearing has been scheduled at 2 P.M. on Friday to present more evidence on the city's compliance.
Components were made slimmer and what could be hollowed out was hollowed out.
The SUNY Purchase theater arts division and the one at Boston University participate with undergraduate theater arts divisions at Carnegie Mellon University and the North Carolina School for the Arts in a consortium that coordinates audition schedules for incoming students and jointly presents graduating seniors to hundreds of industry professionals, including theatrical agents, casting agents and directors.
Another of the keys to Quattro Pro's attractiveness is its underlying code, which uses a technique called object orientation, which has been used in earlier Borland products, but blossoms in this one.
"I think of joining with the brothers," said Yasir Ahmed, an 18-year-old vendor, speaking of the militant movement.
Stir together the flour, ginger, soda and salt.
Quick Bat, Nice Arm "Good quick bat," Milciades Oliva, one of Toledo's coaches, said of Rafael Guerrero.
An official in Washington said the United States was seeking clarification and would decide this weekend on whether to resume talks.
However, last summer we had a "stranded passenger" experience that proved how accommodating an airline can be.
6 Penn State (3-0) to an 84-75 victory over Rutgers today, handing the Scarlet Knights their first loss against three victories.
Markets Stocks stumbled through an erratic session, with the Dow falling 1.12 points.
A5 ANGOLA ACCUSES SOUTH AFRICA Almost from the moment that Angola began slipping back into civil war after the Government won elections in September, South Africa has been fending off charges that it is secretly aiding Angolan rebels.
Spectacular Tide covered the mile and a half in a mild 2:30 flat and paid $10.60 for $2 to win.
Critics say that silting behind the dam may result in a $30 billion bog that would inundate China's finest natural scenery and stand as one of the most monumental and vexing legacies of Chinese Communism.
All films are in German with English subtitles.
So I spent the last couple of weeks seeking out places to skate and skating on them, hoping to formulate, for lack of a better term, a new, urban-specific skating zen.
The only substantial opposition has come from militant Muslims and radical Palestinian groups that have opposed Mr. Arafat's leadership.
D1 SHOWDOWN OVER L.A. AIRPORT The nation's major airlines have asked the Clinton Administration to prevent Los Angeles officials from banning their aircraft from using the city's international airport.
Gloomy Expectations And a dozen affluent taxpayers who were interviewed last week said much the same thing.
"You don't build a church just for Easter Sunday."
The soonest he is expected in camp -- if he signs -- is two weeks.
"Before the summit has even begun, Clinton has surrendered the public interest," said Peter Bahouth, who oversees the forest protection efforts by Greenpeace, an environmental group.
It endured heavy recreational use in the summer, but recovered over the winter, residents and visitors believed.
Excellent is more like it.
One afternoon on a normal workday a couple of years ago, Mr. Lavner, of the Auto Club, was crawling along the Cross-Bronx Expressway toward the George Washington Bridge at the end of the day, on the way home to New Jersey from his office in Garden City, L.I.
And Israeli leaders have been emphasizing that Mr. Assad is a man they can deal with.
"The United States is trying to force-feed a solution that is inappropriate for the region," Mr. Trkla said.
The official figures say that 143 people died and 878 were injured in the Oct 3-4 uprising.
It was just a routine night for Michael Jordan.
So it did what it calls an item-by-item appraisal, giving full value to each photograph and taking into account the negatives authorized by Mapplethorpe for future printing.
Dr. Wotecki is from the same school.
That way, no autopsy would be performed.
Peru also lost coastline and mineral wealth to Chile, and the two countries still mistrust each other.
He speculates that the Romanian Government wanted Mr. Culianu killed because his writings suggesting that the Securitate continued to operate threatened Romania's trading status with the United States.
A New Generation At Spelman College in Atlanta, where Graham taught in the 1930's, students will learn "Panorama" and perform it in a gala program with the Graham company.
"So no one sees you."
An article in Business Day on Friday about the surge in gold prices misstated the day on which a record was set for "open interest" in call options on gold futures -- that is, for the number of such options that were not exercised, not closed out and not allowed to expire.
Under the elaborate compromise for the Israel parade, which was reached on April 20 after weeks of wrangling, synagogue members would have marched together with the Association of Reform Zionists of America behind a banner with both groups' names.
(For experienced 1-2-3 users, a new pull-down menu provides quick access to as many as 250 of those pesky "@" commands, mostly mathematical formulas that process data in different ways, from addition to far more complicated tasks.)
Although Mr. Campbell said the association supported the notion of standards and assessments, "we do get nervous when we talk about it at a national level.
He contended that Mr. McMillian's release proved the the system worked.
Once the Pentagon spends $1.7 billion to close and clean up these installations, it expects to save $3.1 billion a year starting in 2000.
There are four great theaters here -- and the chance to expand, to extend the season.
Greg Anthony was in the locker room with a sprained right ankle and Patrick Ewing had five fouls.
"It is wrong for her to use examples that she's using if she's not prepared to take the next step."
It worked then and it's worked ever since."
Hot-and-Sour Shrimp and Lemon Grass Soup (ADAPTED FROM "SIMPLE ART OF VIETNAMESE COOKING") 1 pound medium shrimp, peeled and deveined, with shells reserved 4 cups water 3 stalks fresh lemon grass, green tops trimmed off and reserved, white bulb pounded flat and cut into 1-inch lengths 1 15-ounce can straw mushrooms, drained 1 small tomato, cut into thin wedges 1 large scallion, thinly sliced 1 1/2 cups mung bean sprouts 1 1/2 teaspoons grated lime zest 3 tablespoons plus 1 teaspoon fresh lime juice 1/4 teaspoon freshly ground pepper 1/4 cup bottled fish sauce (nuoc mam) 1/4 teaspoon dried chili flakes, plus more to taste 1/2 teaspoon chili oil 4 cups cooked white rice.
The mugger, Bartholomew, makes several serendipitous reappearances, and it is his relationship with Andrea, who is dogged by a vague, profound unease throughout the play, that was the source of the casting difficulties.
David Dinkins has, in sum, the balance, depth and knowledge that the job demands.
We left for Budapest that afternoon by plane.
Except for a few splashes of purple paint, and the manicured cliffs behind them, they would look completely at home in any New Jersey corporate park.
Here's a simple solution: Peek inside a mini-van and see if it's full of people or plumbing supplies.
"He has compassion and unquestioning integrity, and I know he will have the wisdom to seek experienced people to rebuild his country."
In presenting the United States plans for expanded aid, Mr. Christopher acknowledged that there had been delays on the American side.
Hospital to Release Mullen Ten days after undergoing minor heart surgery, Brian Mullen of the Islanders will be released today from Columbia Presbyterian Medical Center.
About New York by Michael T. Kaufman B3
The Mets, who 24 hours earlier had felt they were on the verge of making the trade, called it a night after their third phone conversation with the Indians.
Still, there's too much of a good thing -- too many mini-biographies of walk-on characters, too many points of view, too many idle hours at the OTB parlor and the diner.
But officials involved in the talks acknowledge that by creating three separate Serbian, Croatian and Muslim states, it would represent a step toward the "Greater Serbia" and "Greater Croatia," which the nationalists of these two countries have always dreamed of.
With the elimination of the fiction of a neutral joint Commonwealth command, the American proposal for an international commission has become all the more attractive, according to diplomats here.
(The first such drawing that Mr. LeWitt ever exhibited publicly, it was originally executed for a group show at Mrs. Cooper's original SoHo gallery, on Prince Street, in 1968.)
It takes 60 votes to break a filibuster.
Still others, including the author of the original regulations, argue that the rules have not gone far enough and still allow residents to continue exercising too much responsibility.
With Nevada-Las Vegas (16-3) starting no one taller than the 6-foot-7-inch Evric Gray, Louisville took advantage of its inside game to lead by as many as 16 points.
Her father is the corporation counsel for the City of Peekskill, N.Y.
Yet Ms. Ephron and her associates create a make-believe world so engaging that "Sleepless in Seattle" is finally impossible to resist.
It's in jeopardy -- and not just from the blacklists that McCarthy has tucked away in his suit pocket.
The Rockwell International Corporation signed a letter of intent yesterday to purchase the Western Digital Corporation's chip manufacturing plant in Irvine, Calif., for $115 million.
In April 1983 the board chose Robert F. Wagner Jr.
Lower courts found Mr. Hardy's behavior offensive but not sufficiently injurious.
The riotous aftermath on Wednesday of the Hani killing included other portents for a future government.
FOR the last three days, parents have been barraged with unsettling information about pesticide residues in their children's food.
In fact, Dr. Dossey states that his findings do not imply the existence of a Supreme Being or "external God"; they seem far more compatible with non-theistic Buddhism than Judaism or Christianity.
The experts said the light weight, concealability and destructive force of plastic explosives had made them favored terrorist weapons.
b-Included nonrecurring charge of $ 14.2 million related to the company's Honeybee subsidiary.c-Included a $ 14.5 million charge related to Honeybee unit, and a gain of $ 4,101,000, or 8 cents a share, from an accounting adjustment.d-Included charges of $ 9.6 million in the quarter and $ 10.8 million in the year, both related to the Honeybee unit.
In her opening remarks at her confirmation hearing on Jan. 14, Ms. Shalala promised action on everything from Head Start to osteoporosis, but was notably quiet about welfare reform, drawing Senator Moynihan's ire.
But he's pretty good at tennis.
With clay-court aficionado Andre Agassi out because of tendinitis in his right wrist, it could be a serve-and-volley specialist, Stefan Edberg, who puts up the strongest challenge to Courier.
Seattle has a winning percentage of .875, while Houston slipped to .852.
b-Included a gain of 5 cents a share from the company's sale of a portion of its interest in TriQuint Semiconductor Inc. in the quarter and 6 months.c-Included a gain of $ 38.1 million from adoption of accounting standard SFAS 109, and an accounting charge of $ 34.8 million from SFAS 106.
"Now the carriers want explicit commitments as to how much business the corporations will deliver to them."
She was particularly supportive of gay men and lesbians being in the military: "They risk their lives just like everybody else."
"We can't waste any more time."
That's why we called them Billary."
Lorna Dee McPherson, daughter-in-law of the famed evangelist Aimee Semple McPherson and a former minister of her Angelus Temple, died on June 11 at her home in the Los Feliz area.
Lacrosse Major Indoor Lacrosse League BALTIMORE THUNDER -- Named Skip Lichtfuss coach.
"I hope my book is on the best-seller list like his."
On Wednesday, Intel tried to stop the retrial, saying new evidence shows the 1992 jury verdict in its favor should stand.
Tavarez (1-1) allowed three runs and seven hits, struck out two and walked one.
The Rams (29-24) added two runs in the seventh.
The new contract gives the Phillies a 1998 option at $5 million with a $500,000 buyout.
And I understand what it means, like any other parent, that I can put him on the bed with the show on and go to brush my teeth for a minute and a half and know that he'll be O.K."
When friends have asked about his sudden role reversal, he has said, with more than a twist of irony, "A star is born."
Sells Upstate Branches, Too In January, the Dime agreed to sell eight branches in Albany and Utica, N.Y., to the Albany Savings Bank, a unit of the Albank Financial Corporation.
But things were the same when Gooden had a miserable opening inning.
One job was at a summer theater in New Hampshire, where he met up with his old acquaintance Mr. Sayles.
Led by Stephane Richer's hat trick, the Devils handed the Sharks a 5-0 setback at the Byrne Meadowlands Arena for Chris Terreri's second shutout of the season, and the fourth of his career.
Fundamental Baseball And so Lansing, the third baseman, makes a spectacular play in the second, charging a sacrifice attempt by Eric Hillman and throwing back across his body as well as the diamond to nail the man at third.
Mr. Quinns's letter contains a number of misstatements that need to be clarified with the following facts: 1.
The Commodity Research Bureau's index of 21 futures contracts rose 2.262 points, to 202.29.
But the dark green does not fight with the trees, as does the silver color of modern poles, and the inverted L has a stately air about it.
The show's producer for the last 31 years has been replaced.
And in Ames, nursing home residents joined others forced to flee high water after nearly 4.5 inches of rain fell during the same time span.
He said the school was last accredited in 1990.
Wheelchair accessibility: Two steps up into restaurant; everything on one level.
I have been a part of workshops and planning groups on economic and social reform.
Mental imagery is the result of this duality.
Human congress was limited to the futile conversation between tramps, the idle speculations of the half-interred or the fragmented memories echoing inside a single staring skull.
Baron Axel von dem Bussche, the last surviving member of a group of German Army officers who tried to assassinate Hitler in World War II, died here on Tuesday.
instructed its members at Caterpillar to slow production by taking no initiative at their jobs.
Mr. Smith said he resigned, effective April 6, in a phone call today to Charles T. Fisher 3d, chairman of the board's committee that nominates G.M.
Moreover, the costs might not always lower the immediate capital gains tax.
Largely following the Pentagon's recommendations, the commission dealt out its share of winners and losers.
There is the new power plant, 950-unit housing development, fire, police and court systems, universal employment, health care and education for the once impoverished Cabazon band of Mission Indians in California who established the first reservation casino a decade ago.
The masses of Chinese outside these walls suffered the instability of warlord rule, gang rivalry and political struggle between the underground Communist movement and the corrupt Nationalist Government.
The stock of Eljer Industries rose 18.6 percent yesterday after a ruling reduced the potential damages the company faced in a product lawsuit.
Stars Make It 6 in Row Sparked by home runs from Kirby Puckett and Roberto Alomar, the American League won its sixth straight All-Star Game, 9-3.
Christian was a ninth-grade student at Washington Irving High School in Manhattan.
Nor does she speak from notes.
While all three entrees were marked with red stars for hot and spicy on the menu, only the beef dish was truly spicy, but all three were pleasantly seasoned and generally appealing, as was a fourth entree, shredded beef Szechuan style.
Such an announcement would be made only with the greatest of care and certainty because of the demoralizing impact a deal's collapse would have on a sales force that now thinks an era of negative publicity and uncertainty may be about to end.
Released from prison in 1920, Mr. Moore never recanted his pacifism and leftist economic beliefs.
Until 1986, it had the power to approve or reject the city budget and it would regain that power by law should the Mayor fail to balance his budget.
He said Mr. Hicks hadn't disproved the possibility of personal rather than racial animosity -- although prison officials never raised such a defense.
RODERICK A. IRONSIDE Chapel Hill, N.C.
Larry Salinas, a spokesman for Pathmark, a division of the Supermarkets General Corporation in Woodbridge, N.J., confirmed a report this week in Advertising Age that the company had left Venet.
Pet tombstone with the word "hen" scratched on it.
Rather than the current march from one grade level to the next, he wants to see an individualized approach reflecting each child's rate of intellectual growth.
The Atlanta-based bottler also agreed to buy the Roddy Coca-Cola Bottling Company and the Coca-Cola Bottling Company of Johnson City, Tenn. Coca-Cola Enterprises, which is 44 percent owned by the Coca-Cola Company, has failed to produce consistent profits in its six-year history.
"We were always putting on some kind of dumb show for society, like pretending I was in the rich kids' district in order to go to a good school.
The Note Jet can also be attached to other office printers, including faster laser printers, when they are available.
On more familiar breakfast turf, good french toast ($5.50) is full of cinnamon, and Irish oatmeal has raisins and nuts ($4.25).
Mr. Perot has said that all money from members is banked and that he is paying the organization's expenses, including rent and the salaries of 35 staff members in Dallas, out of his own pocket, pending a judgment on whether the organization reaches a satisfactory membership level.
"Irish Spring soaps, whose scent permeates a bathroom, is an example of an experienced bar.
The North American Securities Administrators Association (202 737-0900) can provide the number for each state.
It boasts of inventing the first process for making synthetic diamonds in the 50's and advancing the technology ever since.
He graduated from St. John's University in Collegeville, Minn., and received a medical degree from the University of Minnesota.
The Hoosiers (27-3 over all, 16-1 in the Big Ten), already assured of an National Collegiate Athletic Association tournament berth with one game left in the regular season, made short work of the Spartans (14-12, 6-11), who dropped their fifth straight game and perhaps any chance of a post-season bid.
Pirates 2, Marlins 0 Steve Cooke, only 7 months old when pitching opponent Charlie Hough made his major league debut, tossed a four-hitter for his first shutout and doubled in the only runs in the Pirates' victory over Florida at Three Rivers Stadium.
Six no-trump had a 64 percent chance of success and six spades only 36 percent, so the gain of 17 imps for the Rahmey team was well earned.
The German Athletics Federation had been pushing the council of the International Amateur Athletic Federation to make a ruling in the case of Krabbe and two other banned sprinters.
The unrelieved black seemed less than distinguished.
She is a district manager in Stamford and Greenwich, Conn., for New York/New England Video, a franchise of the Blockbuster Entertainment Corporation.
This required moving a bunch of items out of column A, "tax increases," and over to column B, "spending cuts."
When an individual thinks about a mortgage, they don't necessarily think about Seaway, they think about Citicorp."
Dallas had the ball for 12:01 in the quarter, the Eagles for 2:59.
The name of the suspect was not immediately released by officials, who said he was from the West Bank and a naturalized American citizen.
This was a Von Zedtwitz Double Knockout Team match, and the Kaplan squad is now one of two undefeated teams.
Then comes a moment of gleefulness.
Great Performers 1993-94, some 71 events by my count, does offer a fair amount of pretty good, a broad spectrum of not bad at all and smatterings of simply terrific.
Then take a fragment with you to a stone supplier for matching.
If I knew that I was going to lose my career and my intelligence and my relationships and myself, I wouldn't have consented."
Alarmed by inmate shootings in two of our facilities, I met last summer with leaders representing all of our work force to discuss the need for additional safeguards.
They pushed to six no-trump, with a natural sequence that included a strongly invitational raise from three no-trump to five no-trump.
It is counterproductive to Ms. Dee's cause that, having heard Ms.
Follow-the-Leader Trading Mr. Murphy is projecting earnings of 40 cents for AMR's second quarter, although the consensus is that the carrier will earn 28 cents.
They revealed a political system festering with corruption, in which companies regularly paid tens of millions of dollars to assure favorable treatment, win contracts or keep investigations at bay.
At 5:07 P.M., seven hours after workers began digging through the sliding mud that filled the hole where the boy had disappeared, his body was removed.
Heico Acquisitions Inc. said yesterday that it expected to buy Nutri-System Inc., the bankrupt chain of weight-loss clinics, within days after Regal Communication Inc. ended its rival bid.
Conditions will be the same for everybody."
The court decision was hailed by Simon Wiesenthal, the Holocaust survivor who went on to become an investigator of war atrocities.
In February, he will battle for the World Boxing Association junior lightweight crown held by Gennaro Hernandez.
With the further collaboration of the designers, this staging of "Show Boat" severs the work's cliched ties to operetta.
"Six or seven of the players at Mission Viejo are going to be starters in the World Cup."
They said 85 percent were cancer patients, and the remainder included people suffering from AIDS and multiple sclerosis, all of them in the final stages of their lives.
Mr. Sidey said yesterday that he had indeed been interviewed by Mr. Manchester at the time, and that in the interview he had probably used language similar to that in "John F. Kennedy, President."
It was raining when I pulled into the drive of the stately Cliff House bed and breakfast on Madison's hilltop, overlooking the downtown area and the Ohio River and Kentucky to the south.
Paige Rense, editor in chief of Architectural Digest, continues her maverick ways after 24 years at the helm even though the magazine was acquired by Conde Nast.
One other aspect of this unusual novel: it is brilliantly written.
The human biological clock cannot make this transition instantaneously, and our young people are likely to suffer from a week of jet-lag symptoms, involving sleep disruption, malaise and underachievement.
With all the documentation regarding the harmful effects of second-hand smoke, I'm genuinely concerned about my heath.
If they choose to see an outside doctor, they must pay a deductible, plus 25 percent of the bill beyond that.
The American Honda Motor Company says it will begin building a redesigned Accord automobile in September, a month earlier than planned, because the current model is selling poorly compared with past years.
The victims gave a detailed description of the robber's car, and sheriff's deputies and state police began a chase.
Other shirts are more like a man's, with big cuffs and shirttails.
This correction was delayed through an editing oversight.
"But it strikes me as probably impossible."
Political leaders need an internal guidance system that allows them to dial down their own emotional temperature when people around them are dialing up theirs.
McGirt said it probably happened in December during sparring for his fight with Genaro Leon on Jan. 12 at the Garden.
So it is a sign of unusual accord that 300 economists, ranging from conservatives like James M. Buchanan and Milton Friedman to liberals including Paul A. Samuelson and James Tobin, recently signed a letter to President Clinton supporting the North American Free Trade Agreement.
She added, "But if it continues the way that it is, it could have a substantial impact, millions of dollars."
It was unclear how many arrests had been made.
He contended today, "I'm innocent in my eyes and God's."
Guiding them in the battle is a complex set of computerized projections that determines what to do next, where to expect problems and where to concentrate their efforts.
Starks passed to Greg Anthony, who attempted a 3-pointer from 25 feet that was an air ball with 6 seconds to play.
Mr. Clinton justified his speech's near-total inward focus by arguing these are not ordinary times.
The 5,000 dated from a report of his organization on Jan. 13, he said.
In her opening statement, she traced the rise of fashion designers and models from serfdom to celebrity over the past 40 years.
Nonetheless, the negotiations on Palestinian self-rule in the territories lumber along, and there would seem to be no turning back.
I agonized for a month."
I had that feeling that a big play, something special was about to happen and no one would stop me.
Trouble for Trees He said there was a chance over the next few weeks that some of the rains responsible for flooding the Midwest may begin to move east.
Mr. Stern's is a comedy of the put-down, only instead of picking on the polyester and blue-hair crowd, he socks it to currently protected species.
Mr. Donahue and the children will repeat a performance they did for his 25th-anniversary television show last November.
He called for voters to cross another threshold and make Mr. Badillo the first Hispanic to be elected to a citywide office.
*Third-and-10 at the Chicago 26: The Giants chose not to settle for another field goal.
Industry of Apocalypse Far beyond those groups, millions of American Christians are preoccupied with deciphering Revelation, often seeking clues in books and broadcasts so numerous that they comprise an industry of apocalypse.
Films as packed with violence as this, but with little in the way of a coherent story to give the violence meaning, are no less serene than "Swan Lake," if somewhat more instructive.
Dismal Reports, Sinking Morale Day after dismal day came reports of defeats at the hands of the Japanese in the Philippines and elsewhere in the Pacific, and in Europe the Allies continued to suffer losses to the Axis powers.
Miner was one of several people who said they noticed a change on Halloween night, when virtually every trick-or-treater was accompanied by an adult.
They did say that there were some striking similarities among the cases, including evidence, based on police interviews with families and friends, that all the victims were gay or bisexual men in their 40's and 50's and who in all but one case were last seen in restaurants and bars in Manhattan.
Mr. Inouye wanted the Senate to concur, but after Mr. Lautenberg fought the measure, on June 18 the Senate voted 95 to 0 to require the Pentagon to cut other programs to get the $1.249 billion Mr. Inouye's committee had said was needed.
"My expectations at the beginning of the season were too high.
The prognosis for the child, known at United Hospitals Medical Center as "Baby Doe," is good, said Dr. Shyan Sun, the hospital's director of neonatology.
The percentage does not matter.
Consider an amazingly unfunny, implausible and overextended second-act scene involving an office lunch over a wastebasket between Tobias and Willy.
"You could pick someone who picks someone who picks someone else; it's like a chain," Geoffrey Husbands, a student, said.
Authorities are also investigating a car accident involving Mr. Salameh in January in Woodbridge, N.J.
Those are our interests there, and those are the ones I'm trying to pursue, but we should not introduce American ground forces into the conflict in behalf of one of the belligerents, and we must move with our allies.
One of the wounded was an unidentified army major.
VIRGIN TIME By Patricia Hampl.
A pirogue is the canoelike boat used by Cajuns to navigate bayou country; in Rienzi's appetizer, it refers to the way the dish is presented: half a mirliton, also known as vegetable pear, is stuffed with sliced sausage and finely chopped alligator meat, chopped onions and sweet red pepper.
This is not the case with distributions from 403(b) plans.
Francesco's architectural career is dealt with in a fine, complementary exhibition in the ugly, redesigned basement of Siena's Palazzo Pubblico, where models, ground plans, photographs, and facsimiles of treaties are enlisted to tell the story.
Then again, they might not be young enough to survive the playoff grind.
This year, with first-round losses at the Australian and French Opens and a second-round exit from Wimbledon, Lendl was feeling a little like Custer as the Open approached: he wanted his last stand of 1993 to be slightly grander than the three Slam appearances that preceded it.
Within 10 days he became a runaway, and within two years he was in a boys' penitentiary.
With a 5-4 victory over Montreal, the defending Stanley Cup champions, the Rangers extended their league-leading unbeaten streak to 13 games.
There was always pleasure to be had (and the encores, including the Opus 31 Scherzo, sustained that pleasure).
It is the IRQ (interrupt request) and DMA (direct memory access) conflicts and jumper switches and CONFIG.SYS changes and all the other technical annoyances that swarm, like vicious gnats, when a DOS or Windows PC user descends into the swamp of upgrading.
Part of Federal Case Sgt.
Followers of Mr. Abdel Rahman, who is now in detention on immigration charges in the United States, were linked to the bombing of the World Trade Center and a plot to blow up several sites in New York City and assassinate political leaders, including the Egyptian President.
There is no debating that the charter would give the president, and specifically Mr. Yeltsin, considerable power.
Once, according to friends, she left her mother and stepfather after an argument and stayed with her older sister for a couple of days.
His works are included in many major public and private art collections, among them the Metropolitan Museum of Art, the Whitney Museum of American Art, the Museum of Modern Art, the Solomon R. Guggenheim Museum, the Hirshhorn Museum and Sculpture Garden in Washington and the Walker Art Center in Minneapolis.
But that $14.5 million is less than the interest we pay on the loans taken out for renovation of the physical plant.
Officials of the National Association of Women Judges, which gathered here last weekend for its 15th annual conference, cite a number of court-ordered studies that taken together portray a kind of built-in bias against female convicts in criminal-justice and corrections systems around the country.
"So I expect her to respect other people."
Yet another: Thomas F. Frist Jr., chairman and chief executive of HCA-Hospital Corporation of America, who topped the executive-pay list last year at $127 million, runs five or six miles a day and has run for at least 15 years.
The hostilities have increased because too many Broadway theater hands are competing for a share of a vastly reduced pie: fewer shows, smaller audiences, fewer jobs.
knew Fox had a lot of money to spend for those games and that CBS was destined to lose.
The brownouts, he said, were brought about by an 8 percent reduction in voltage into some of the areas.
But Judge Jacob Mishler, who presided over the hearing, responded, "I don't know how you can guarantee that any plan will work."
An example, from a discussion of the show "Civil Wars": "There was some concern over nudity -- so what?
members and urged an end to violence.
Mr. Kantor, who spent the summer and fall preparing the North American Free Trade Agreement for Congress and then pushing it through, has been using the latest disputes as an opportunity to begin promoting the agreement early to the American public and to various House and Senate members who have visited here in recent days.
Announces Stock Purchases Yesterday's news release from Sunbeam-Oster included an announcement that it plans to repurchase up to $50 million worth of its common stock "from time to time" on the open market.
The raid began after an undercover agent who had infiltrated the compound gave a signal.
Her 11-year-old brother, Sanel, died in a Serbian bombardment of a nearby town last year.
"I had no arguments about sitting out yesterday," MacLean said.
Despite its optimistic finish, this show still feels old-fashioned and patronizing, perpetuating a kind of second-class treatment that has too long been the fate of Latin American art.
PATH will be on a Sunday schedule.
Prices are $15 to $31 for seats in the shade, calculated at 128 pesetas to the dollar, $12.50 to $25 for seats in the sun and shade and $10 to $18.85 for seats in the sun.
Mexico's auto industry is likely to be reshaped by the trade agreement, which would affect the car business on both sides of the border.
He wants to be in charge.
She and her husband graduated from Boston University.
Weaker than Expected The yields on the other Treasury securities also fell, as the economic data released yesterday added more detail to a picture of the economy that shows it may be weaker than many forecasters had expected in the third quarter.
Prosecutors have recommended prison terms of 12 to 18 months.
Some 500 tips for achieving a self-fulfilling life.
But already it raises the intriguing possibility of Texans' having to choose next November between Ms. Richards and George Bush -- George W. Bush, the son of the former President, who may run in part to avenge the slight his dad suffered when Ms. Richards joked at the 1988 Democratic convention about the Vice President's having been born with "a silver foot in his mouth."
When the Mets read the box scores -- Fernandez drove in five runs in a 9-5 victory over the Tigers on Tuesday night -- a fury and disgust of a different sort apparently sets in.
We must acknowledge that the drug crisis reflects a deeper crisis of culture and spirit, of family and community, as well as of material well-being."
WITH: Dennis L. Bivings, Robert F. Cole, Ed Clarkson-Farrell, Valentino Ferriera, Elizabeth Mitchell, Nick Smith, Daniel Tuck and William Duke.
Essential to the experience is duplicating Kevin's adventures as closely as possible.
For me it is a moral masterpiece.
Within these situations, Bill Duke's film becomes such a rigid and predictable recitation of middle-class Jewish life that "the cliches smother any sense of liberation or humor" (Canby).
"Everybody we have can hurt you."
Such repurchases help hold up the stock price and are a good sign that management is not looking to plunge into risky loans.
Factoring companies and credit agencies have cautioned their clients against making shipments to the retailer, although some are approving small orders.
The Bulls outrebounded the Celtics, 52-36, and led throughout the second half as they consistently fought off mild Boston rallies.
All that remains is the fear.
"With Letterman delayed in about 30 percent of the country," Mr. Poltrack said, "that means he starts with about a three-tenths of a ratings point handicap."
It was one of those unsourced pieces of nastiness that have moved from the gutter press to infest some big-time journals -- the knife in the dark, handed over by an unseen assailant to an unnamed journalist to inflict the wound, fast, deep and cruel.
APPLE COMPUTER INC. is selling Powerbook portable Macintosh computers at a rate of more than a million a year, which is a remarkable pace for a computer that is mostly incompatible with 90 percent of the other PC's in the world.
"New Jersey is not much different than anywhere else," he added.
The attacks have devastated the country's $2.5 billion tourism industry.
The robot was deployed from the Alvin, which is 25 feet long; the two were linked by an electronic tether.
MONTEMERLO, Michael Steven, 18, Burke, Thomas Jefferson High School for Science and Technology.
The recipe was every bit as scary as it sounds: peanut butter, sesame oil, Tabasco, water, garlic and cream.
I don't mind that at all."
The hourlong performance is today at 4 and 7:30 P.M. and tomorrow at 2 and 7:30 P.M.; tickets are $10 and $15.
Two others, who have not been considered for New York City Chancellor before, have experience in the New York City schools and as superintendents in large cities: William Rojas, currently in San Francisco, and Deborah M. McGriff in Detroit.
These cases, rarely settled, are characterized by high levels of acrimony and subjective claims of victimization; they are immensely time consuming and are controlled by legal standards that, lacking sufficient precision, are overgeneralized and of marginal use.
Teaching is provided mainly by senior civil servants, many of them former students of the school, who take time off from their jobs.
None of the six black men who were reporters at The News were rehired and only two of six black female reporters were given jobs, the guild said yesterday.
"That game showed the league that here's a guy who if you don't keep your eye on him, he can hurt you," he said.
Gulfstream Purses Up Again Thanks to the instant benefits of simulcast betting, Gulfstream Park is raising its purses for the fourth time since the season opened on Jan. 12.
A22 HUSBANDS, HELP THY WIVES The nation's Roman Catholic bishops approved a message to families urging husbands and wives to treat one another as equals.
Instead, the artists have reached for awe.
These characteristics were noted in reviews from the 1920's onward.
Under intifada rules, the holiday has had a deliberate hangdog look here, with no lights or parties or grand parades, to make the point that celebrating is out of the question under Israeli occupation.
So just as Lindo Jong's bright red and very traditional slit-up-the-side dress fixed her in time, so do the bright red mini-skirt, matching lipstick and oversized plastic eyeglass frames on her daughter, Waverly.
Surprisingly, they posted only a 3-4-1 record.
Antiques Show Pier 92, 12th Avenue at 55th Street; (212) 439-5909.
"Then they go home again and think everyone's for it," he said.
"We see this orbiting billboard as a Trojan horse," said Karen Brown, a spokeswoman for the organization.
Covey of the Air Force, the shuttle commander, radioed to Mission Control, "We've been incredibly lucky so far."
" The house, a 1931 Norman Tudor with a backyard that abuts a nature preserve, was listed at $365,000, but since it needed work they got it last February for $277,000.
"A lot of work has been done, both in issuing new equity and refinancing existing debt, but I think we still have a ways to go," said Neal M. Soss, the chief economist of CS First Boston.
Madeline Daly still won't talk publicly about her husband's death.
In nighttime raids on suspected militant havens, they often attack with several hundred men, many armed with heavy machine guns and rocket-propelled grenades.
While acknowledging that such projects might take five years to produce noticeable gains in productivity, Jeff Faux, director of the Economic Policy Institute, a liberal research group, said, "In the first few years these projects will produce a lot of economic stimulus."
He is also content, like many colleagues, to live by the book -- or rather, the books, because there are two.
Cecil Fielder and Kirk Gibson each hit two homers and the Detroit Tigers reached double figures in runs for the seventh time this season as they pounded the Toronto Blue Jays, 13-8, at the Skydome, last night.
sting has involved a computer parts trader, John Patterson, who was granted immunity, The Washington Post reported.
?, for otherwise White would have had strong chances of a mating attack.
The research has been banned since 1988 because, the Administration argued, it might encourage abortion among women wanting to provide tissue for the research.
For lunch, there are salads and sandwiches on focaccia and baguettes, and in the late evening there are cappuccino, espresso and truffle cake.
That is a result of the legalization of illegal immigrants, mostly Mexicans, and mostly California residents, under the Immigration and Reform Control Act of 1986.
B-movie posturing and accent, as affected by George Morfogen, a late fill-in for an ailing actor, won't do for Isaac, whose cultivated debonair charm is supposed to have become intrinsic -- a wholly successful re-invention of self -- and who is defined by the passion, the real fire, of his obsessions.
Maybe Calvin Klein will ask Barbara Epstein and Robert Silvers to name a perfume "The New York Review of Books."
b-Included pretax charge of $ 2,750,000 on settlement of litigation.Latest third quarter's share earnings was less than 1 cent a share.
"The President has talked about an annual increase of $20 billion to rebuild America, and the mayors believe that this promise should be kept."
But when the central bankers inspected Banesto in February, he said, they found its health had further deteriorated.
But we've seen too much of Serbian aggression to delude ourselves into thinking that they've given up on the 'ethnic cleansing' of Eastern Bosnia.
"Yeltsin drinks, drank and will always drink," it read, to the delight of passersby.
He went out to Courier, 4-6, 6-4, 6-2, 6-4, in 2 hours and 40 minutes.
Unfortunately, no matter how they were placed onstage, they remained unrelievedly drab and made "Don Quixote" appear to be taking place in a void.
Viewers who formerly knew nothing about his gambling now even know the amount he is said to have lost at the tables: $200,000.
This country was founded on the principle that individual freedom and equality provide the surest way to a just society.
So investors who refuse to pay sales loads as a matter of principle may want to reconsider.
Privalova achieved another world best for the year in the women's 200 meters, winning in 22.30 seconds.
"Intel is doing a masterful job of holding everything in check.
I've never seen anything like it."
Last week Mother Teresa, addressing a rally of 30,000 at a shrine in western Ireland, was applauded as she said, "Let us promise Our Lady we will never, in any circumstances, allow a single abortion in this country."
Works by Brice Marden, Nancy Graves, Jonathan Borofsky, Jennifer Bartlett and many others demonstrate the strength and range of artists from Yale.
United States Air Force cargo planes dropped 42 tons of food and medical supplies on Srebrenica overnight, and ham radio operators in the area said the enclave's residents had found many of the parachuted parcels.
"I've said to myself it's very unlikely I'd go back into the commercial world," he said.
Sponsored by Big Onion Walking Tours.
"The family is in very deep shock and grief," he said.
A suspended traffic agent who reportedly tried to extort $75 from a driver was outsmarted on Sunday when the driver took the agent to a police officer instead, officials said.
Though the beds are designed for small dogs like poodles and Yorkshire terriers, Mr. Biunno can scale the beds for middle-size or even larger dogs.
He knows what to do.
Tuesday's results also indicate that she has seen a severe erosion of support from liberal voters in Manhattan and Brooklyn and that Mr. Hevesi has built a strong field operation, particularly in Queens, from unions and local Democratic clubs.
But over all, Stuart C. Johnson, a Bell Atlantic group president, said the company was confident that it could persuade regulators to accept a "new competitive paradigm" because the paradigm would increase competition, not reduce it.
A 70-passenger ship follows a portion of Lewis and Clark's historic expedition along the Columbia and Snake rivers.
Honda executives said they expected the racing program to help in the marketing of Honda and Acura cars and to provide racing experience for the company's American engineers and technicians.
And the Pentagon wants even more to cover inflation during a five-year period in which it already plans to spend a whopping $1.2 trillion.
RAPID CITY THRILLERS -- Activated Ralph Lewis, forward.
A Dire Warning Referring to the Groton area, Senator Lieberman said: "This is a part of our state that is in a recession now.
b-Net loss, which was after an accounting charge of $ 10,214,000 for the adoption of FAS 106.
The Justice Department averaged 841 days and the State Department averaged an astounding 1,134 days.
"We are unable to cope with all the new arrivals because of the way the system is set up."
Atget is no longer the seamless, universal, artist-in-spite-of-himself primitive who was hailed by Benjamin, Clement Greenberg and John Szarkowski.
Right now, the thoughts of Ann Landers, a woman whose only fear, it seems, is that they will stop making the ribbons for her typewriter, are elsewhere.
The danger was highlighted in a recent report from Dr. Alan M. Ferrenberg and Dr. D. P. Landau of the University of Georgia at Athens and Dr. Y. Joanna Wong of the I.B.M.
Thousands of Cambodian refugees had to be repatriated so they could vote last month in national elections, which were viewed as the culmination of the peace effort.
In percent *Estimated daily average, source Telerate**Municipal Bond Index, The Bond BuyerSalomon Brothers and Telerate for Treasury's bellwether bonds, notes and bills
It featured my first cousin, Margaret, a dimpled, green-eyed Grace Kelly type who was considered one of the most beautiful women in town.
For the moment, the bigger problem is bringing the White House computer systems up to speed.
It was at the Catholic Center, 1011 First Avenue.
Why, she asks, if the famous New York energy is so intense, does Hudson Street lie eternally in a ruin of utter torpor?
The Bimini Big Game Fishing Club, Kings Highway, Post Office Box 699, Bimini, Bahamas, (809) 347-3394, offers rooms for two from $148 to $295, and the Compleat Angler, Post Office 601, Bimini, Bahamas, (809) 347-3122, has rooms from $60 to $80.
Paul J. Curran, a partner at Kaye, Scholer, Fierman Hays & Handler, the law firm representing Mr. Freeman, said it was unusual for Mr. Freeman to be allowed to act as an unregistered investment adviser.
"I'm just flabbergasted," the social editor of The Australian Women's Weekly said into a small tape recorder.
The cut in Marlboro prices, if it spreads, could take some pressure off inflation at a time when price jitters seem to have capped the bond market rally that began just after the Presidential election.
Mr. Halpern said the man fraudulently adopted the qualifications and credentials of a medical doctor in Massachusetts, including the doctor's education, medical license and Social Security numbers, when he filled out a job application.
The success he enjoyed came far away from Veterans Stadium; the Braves scored 10 of their total of 16 earned runs here against the right-hander, all in just eight and a third innings.
"We are totally handicapped when we run against them," complained Takaaki Koga, 40, a member of the local assembly in Yamaguchi prefecture in the southwest who is running against a nisei.
Burkett (2-0) -- an .019 hitter last season -- also had two of the Giants' seven hits in seven innings off Wakefield (1-1), whose only two losses since joining the Pirates on July 31 are to the Giants.
Companies Boeing will eliminate 28,000 jobs over 18 months because of slumping orders from the world's struggling airlines.
"But that doesn't seem to be a likely possibility."
Salads, too, are special at Duke's.
Instead he used a room in his home as an office.
In other bouts, the 139-pounder Lupe Suazo of Tucson, Ariz., beat LeChaunce Shepherd of Milwaukee by 50-33, and Larry Nicholson of Tyler, Tex., outpointed Abayomi Miller of Toledo, Ohio, 49-28 at 132 pounds.
NEW JERSEY GOVERNMENT OFFICES: Closed.
Mainstream politicians expressed deep concern about the strong showing of right-wing extremists, especially coming after a surge in racist violence last fall against foreigners seeking asylum and a winter of national soul-searching about the attacks.
The Government has been investigating him for over three years, and they've caused his family all kinds of problems.
Much of the space in the complex is in disrepair, and fixing it could be far more costly than renting space elsewhere, those familiar with the plan said.
His mother, Princess Anna Bariatinsky, was lady-in-waiting to Empress Alexandra of Russia.
The company said it has no plans to introduce a fat-free mayonnaise.
Can Bill Clinton find it easy to read those stories from Bosnia, day after day, and not do or even say a thing?
"I felt we came out real soft," Riley said of the Knicks' approach to the third quarter.
Many lawmakers say they have been forced to hold fund-raisers in Albany because of the exorbitant costs of mass-media campaigning.
The impact of the deletions was to focus attention on the Pope's message to young people, whom he urged to "go out into the streets and public places" to campaign for moral revival.
Yet, as we move toward the 21st century there is a compelling need for politicians and nations alike to raise their eyes from day-to-day issues, however pressing and tragic, and devote time to considering our global condition as a whole.
Like most of Mr. Kuchar's films, it makes do without such elements as plot, character or narrative coherence.
The 36,600 acres that so far make up the preserve (acreage is still being acquired) was once part of Oklahoma's sprawling Osage reservation.
The single most important deviation from the normal rules of economics involves the way medical insurance insulates consumers from the cost of the product they are purchasing.
"It just developed into a worst-case scenario," he said.
This evening at 6, the Connecticut Early Music Festival calls it a season with performances of all six of Bach's Brandenburg Concertos at Harkness Chapel in New London where the players will use period instruments and be directed from the harpsichord by Igor Kipnis.
The political process excites me."
It would, however, be more vulnerable to events that devastate international traffic, like the Gulf war, they added.
Today was a Charleston day.
In "The Journalist and the Murderer" Ms. Malcolm describes searingly our role as betrayers, con men, worming our way into people's lives and then leaving once we have the right material.
The Flyers took a 1-0 lead at the 58-second mark on a goal by Kevin Dineen, his 30th of the season, after Brian Mullen's turnover.
Pressure to form such a panel had been growing because many of the city's magnificent old buildings -- in particular the noble Roman-style Pennsylvania Station of Charles F. McKim -- had fallen victim to the wreckers' ball, making way for the modern era's often inelegant constructions of glass and steel.
Roger Bodman, a Republican lobbyist, said he felt Mrs. Whitman's most effective ad appeared on radio, not television.
Manager BUCK SHOWALTER made the move to reduce the pressure on Williams, who has only one stolen base in 67 games.
They're going to go where the crease is."
Bear, Stearns & Co. Burlington Resources Inc., Seattle, an initial public offering of 7.4 million common shares.
B10 CONGRESSMAN'S WORK CONTINUES It may be a recess for members of Congress, but it is not necessarily a vacation.
"They came and dumped this party on me," Mr. Fuchs said.
There have been some awkward moments.
"What's the matter with everyone these days?"
Mr. Wasicsko, who lived with his wife and mother in a many-gabled green Victorian house, had at one point harbored ambitions of becoming a United States Senator, but he sometimes appeared insecure about his prospects and was not entirely comfortable with the social obligations of politics, associates said.
Norman Adler, a political strategist, said the Republican-Liberal candidate would probably concentrate on buying slots around the news hour and on daytime television during the week.
"We have never been as poorly served and frankly as marginalized in the federal Cabinet as we have been in the announcement made today," said Mr. Rae.
"And I have -- people should know that.
In 1932, he joined the Roth Quartet, which toured widely.
Recalling that Barcelona was a cosmopolitan city when he lived there in the 1960's, he wondered whether it was being isolated culturally by its obsession with the Catalan language.
Heat half the olive oil in a large pot over medium heat.
But he used the occasion to issue an appeal for tougher action by the governments that have underwritten the relief effort, and he implied that the survival of tens of thousands of people might depend on the Clinton Administration's taking the lead in imposing drastic new solutions.
There will also be a roof garden above the two-story shops and a playground between the buildings.
After today, however, it will be transit as usual because, as Mr. Nugent might put it, he has reached the end of the line.
Many also offer broader tours that include the bordering countries of Laos and Cambodia, although the State Department has recently issued an advisory on Cambodia warning of banditry and sporadic military fighting outside Phnompenh.
The only way Michael can bolster the rotation with a pitcher like San Diego's Benes (15-15 for the lowly Padres last season) is by first freeing up enough money to get George Steinbrenner to approve such a trade.
For months, United Nations truck convoys attempting to reach predominantly Muslim communities have been held up or turned back by Serbian nationalist forces.
Such dishonesties on his part were simply responses to ones committed against him.
The City of New York was also a plaintiff.
Unofficial reports said that at least one student was killed and that about 40 were wounded, many of them bayoneted.
"We've got three players who won't be with us this year that were very productive for us last year," Steinberg said.
She narrowed her eyes and whispered an imaginary warning: "Step inside the circle."
"The effects of flooding were said to be highly concentrated and were not seen to threaten overall economic expansion," the Federal Reserve said in its latest survey of regional economic conditions, a report known as the beige book.
Now he calls for a policy that would have Washington pick winning technologies.
Desjardins, who scored 13 times in the regular season, became the first defenseman in the history of the Cup finals to score three times in one game.
We can't allow people to walk the streets and be threatened.
"The musical is alive and well here -- and it sends greetings from East Haddam -- and will continue to do that," said Mr. Price, estimating that Goodspeed receives 175 new musical scripts a year and reeling off oldies on his wish list for revivals: "A Tree Grows in Brooklyn," "Gentlemen Prefer Blondes" and "Mack and Mabel."
School custodians, at least in the school in which I taught, never actually clean a room.
These events are seen through the eyes of Lucille, presented in the film as such a pert, bright-eyed presence that she seems impervious to the story's painful possibilities.
Credit cards belonging to Ms. Williams, taken from Mr. Rifkin's room, allowed the police to trace the victim to Charlotte, where her father, Dr. Egbert Williams, provided her dental records for a positive identification, said Lieut.
Works by contemporary photographers tend to sell for less than $3,000 each, and prints by younger artists go for a small fraction of that.
He sought to balance the need to remain in Somalia to recover American hostages with mounting calls from Congress for a clear withdrawal strategy and the President's own goal of putting Somalia on the road to recovery.
It's not Washington's place to become the arbiter of Russian domestic politics, particularly at a time when Russia is trying, really for the first time in its history, to develop a democratic political culture.
"Other harassment also violates anti-discrimination law," said Dianna Johston, an E.E.O.C.
It aims to draw a younger crowd by stocking contemporary designer sportswear priced under $500 for an ensemble.
Actually, it is his basketball that has been naturalized most of all.
"It takes 50 minutes to get from my house here in Washington Heights to my job as an assistant attorney general at 120 Broadway," Ms. Piesman said after she had kissed her husband goodbye.
All of those business ventures had been under the commissioner.
"These activities included joint training exercises with Iraq, two cases of providing access to U.S. technology, one case of purchasing spare parts and one case dealing with the sharing of coalition and Israeli intelligence information."
Other suspects, including Mr. Edwards, could be tried on murder charges in state court or civil rights charges in Federal court, or both.
It was another John Beck, not the producer, who managed the municipal broadcasting system in New York City in the early 1980's.
Neither should you or your readers.
Fountains are now being used as features, and so is garden statuary.
Stephanie Allain, a vice-president in charge of production at Tri-Star Pictures, wore a soft brown velour suit by Jennifer Joanou, the sister of the director Phil Joanou.
The man accused of killing her was not some foreign enemy, but a fellow soldier and rejected suitor who was said to have grown irate over her refusal to dance with him.
Recently, the council has been searching for deeper spending cuts to offset the new money the Administration wants to spend.
Ms. Ehrenreich does better with Alex, a scientist whose promise has been derailed by a booze problem, but her last-minute introduction of romance into his life falls flat.
Lorenz didn't have much chance on the winner because Dave Emma and Tom Chorske worked the puck to Pellerin after Darius Kasparaitis gave it up in his own end.
The Capitol loomed behind him as guests poured in to the Animal Ball at the behest of People for the Ethical Treatment of Animals.
Preliminary checkups can be done by pediatricians or family care specialists, but when a potential problem is found the child should see an eye care professional, preferably an ophthalmologist, ideally a pediatric ophthalmologist.
Children's Television Workshop, the creators of "Ghostwriter," seeks to encourage children to read and write outside the presence of television.
"The facts sounded very similar to something we just went through in the 1992 campaign."
Mr. Massey ended up in a fistfight with him and another man.
To angry, and obscene, song lyrics, Ms. Bruce showed her dreamlike vision on Wednesday in Bryant Park.
"They will be able to reserve," said Arlette Thebault, Chanel's executive director for public relations.
He said he was afraid of what would happen if Bowe fought Holyfield again.
In turn, all those groups had denser bones than a comparable group of sedentary men.
And I couldn't leave one puppy alone on the farm."
The letters refer to a host of commercial and Government dealings with the Vietnamese and asks the authorities to "preserve my capital."
"A couple times he went back to the same exact spot," Vincent said.
Gallery visitors through March 15 may view the recent paintings and sculpture of David von Schlegell, a professor of art at Yale who died last October.
But if you aren't that lucky, there is a limit to what you can do," Mr. Brady said.
have attacks that can leave leave them confined to a wheelchair for weeks and then go away.
Teams from Northern California and Ohio-Pennsylvania faced each other here this afternoon in the final of the Grand National Team Championship at the American Contract Bridge League's Summer Nationals.
The BBC is in no immediate danger of being killed off or being forced to adopt any of the more radical suggestions for its future, like accepting advertising.
If the highway signs are to be changed from "mincha area" to "meeting area," the proponents of such a change should demonstrate that the language shift will not invite confusion and reduce public safety.
In each instance employers would be required to continue workers' health insurance coverage and give them back their old jobs.
Two plazas in particular are worth seeing.
*3*** COMPANY REPORTS ** View Full Article in Timesmachine »
The only run off Martinez came on a seventh-inning homer by Derrick May.
Drivers whose cars pass the test will be able to renew their registrations at the new inspection stations.
One sifts through mounds of the inconsequential, keeping a sharp eye for the occasional item of value.
In his chambers yesterday, Judge Garrity first met with Mr. Vance alone, then with Mr. Vance and lawyers representing various parties in the case.
Current and former limited partners of the Yankees said they were not aware of any financial link between Steinbrenner's two interests, though they said they knew that he personally put a lot of money into the Tampa, Fla., company.
WHEN somebody says, "Let's go to the fair," a kind of mythic experience sweeps over me.
The Jets can make the playoffs if they win at Houston and their 9-7 record is part of the following, complicated series, according to the N.F.L.
" 7 Firefighters Injured Ms. Moody and others said a group of men ran inside the house and up the stairs to try to rescue the young boys.
3,000 two innings later, off of the right-handed Eckersley, the dominant relief pitcher of his era.
While this is a decision to be made by Federal officials, not the next Mayor, the vigor and skill with which watershed protection is pursued will probably influence the outcome.
For $29.95, we get out-of-their-primers like MICHAEL DOKES and TONY TUBBS and unknowns like KING IPITAN and the British bare-knuckler JOE SAVAGE .
"But I've got to do what I'm doing."
The 32-year-old Elway will be working for a new head coach -- Wade Phillips -- in 1993.
It makes one grumpy, doesn't it?
Mr. Adams, 29, graduated from Tufts University.
Although no Bulls official would officially comment other than to confirm the news conference, Jerry Reinsdorf, the team's owner, would not deny that Jordan was quitting when questioned last night at the American League Championship Series game in Chicago.
But what made the episode unusual was its dignity.
"I'm a very verbal and open person," Mitchell said.
He is the stepson of Emanuel Rehner of Lauderdale Lakes.
American officials said tonight that they knew of no specific threats related to Mr. Rushdie's trip.
According to Jon Baddeley, the head of Sotheby's collectibles sales in London, the Russian carousel, as its maker called it, attracted fierce bidding because no one had ever seen another like it.
But some 42 percent are used in urban or suburban locales already served by cable television.
The reason for this hope is that one of the more complicated and mysterious processes the body uses to defend itself has now been deciphered and a way around it devised.
Mr. Halperin, in fact, had nothing to do with the conveying of the papers to The New York Times, which published excerpts from them.
His maternal grandfather, Abdul Aziz Mustafa Ayyad, told The Associated Press that Mr. Ayyad was "a devout Muslim and used to read the Koran most of his spare time."
Those systems can take pictures that clearly show objects as small as footballs, while the Worldview system would show objects of "under three meters," according to several people familiar with the project.
United States helicopters carrying Army Rangers continued their flights over Mogadishu today, as the United Nations envoy vowed that his forces would succeed in capturing Gen. Mohammed Farah Aidid.
Bud Carey, the general manager of WCBS, said yesterday that the station had only invited the two leading candidates because it concluded that Mr. Marlin has no chance of winning the election.
The former Chief Judge of New York State, Sol Wachtler, imprisoned for harassing his former lover, has been transferred to a Federal medical center in Minnesota, and someone close to his family said it was for psychiatric treatment.
Today 28 percent is invested in European small-company shares because we see more value there."
But the team has been working out several receivers over the last few weeks and Coach Bruce Coslet has been high on Eddie Brown, whom he worked with in Cincinnati.
The film's idea of what might ultimately liberate Mui is every bit as nostalgic as its other memories.
It's hasn't quite entered the last third of the century.
It was a subculture formed by the meeting of disaffected middle-class students and angry African-Americans, both groups newly politicized and fed up with what they saw as the futility of nonviolent protests.
But, alas, some don't learn to eat on their own in a 36-hour test.
No Safe Zone Above 55 He denied, however, that there is a speed above 55 at which the police simply will not bother to write a ticket.
But it also left behind a tangle of ecological problems so serious that planners are now preparing to reflood this area at the center of the drained basin.
Movies and war have always been naturals for each other (the 1915 "Birth of a Nation" is a war movie), but it wasn't until World War II that the war movie came into its own.
We went to Michael's Pub afterward, and as we were checking our coats I heard this voice say, "Hello, Elaine."
Ms. Arroyo's soprano is, if anything, a voice of experience, and it has retained many of its best virtues: a forthright declamatory strength and a respectful musicality, to name two.
Stressed Stability Factor In seeking financial commitments from major donors for his new governing authority in Gaza and Jericho, Mr. Arafat stressed the importance of stability in a region that still has the world's largest oil reserves.
The Swiss writer Denis de Rougemont -- who had regularly visited the Long Island home, posing on his stomach, feet in the air, for the Little Prince -- became a neighbor of the Saint-Exuperys when both men moved to Beekman Place in New York in December 1942.
Dell's share price gained 25 cents, to $30.50, in Nasdaq trading.
"I'm not the only one who liked what Dr. Fitzgerald was doing in Newark and thinks she should have been kept on," said Senator John H. Ewing, a Republican from Bernardsville and chairman of the Senate Education Committee.
The affidavit, which did not mention Mr. Yasin by name, showed that he had provided investigators with information about the activities of Mohammed A. Salameh, who became the first suspect arrested in the explosion.
In various parks, many of the campfire ranger talks are being reduced, and in some cases visitor centers are being shut on holidays.
The series presented dozens of pieces in different styles, from different countries and disciplines; none of them will ever make much of an impression outside a subculture of devotees.
The invitation-only event is to be recorded for broadcast as the final edition of "The Listening Room," the interview-and-performance program that Robert Sherman has presented on WQXR-FM (96.3), the radio station owned by The New York Times, since 1970.
Is 90 days enough for everyone else or would that limit simply recycle people to the streets?
This week I was able to go back again to the American people, to take my case into the country, and to Cleveland and Chicago and New York, and here, in Washington, there were new efforts to break the gridlock and to put the national interest above narrow interests.
Kentucky State Property and Building Commission, $350 million of refunding revenue bonds.
Six years ago, Mr. Mapes closed his clinic for hypnotherapy in New York.
Just as Terry is feeling most affronted by the Home Office's conduct, whom should he be introduced to in a restaurant but Hilary Wood, a mousy if attractive employee of the Home Office who, unbeknownst to Terry, has even that very day been engaged in "containing" the Hassam Case.
Aug. 19 and 22 BARGEMUSIC.
" But the singer and songwriter has no intention of toning down.
The love of beer and respect for native brewing traditions are among the few things besides king and currency that remain common to Belgium's rival communities, the Francophone Walloons and Dutch-speaking Flemish.
But Verve has been in the career-making business recently, having also elevated the singers Abbey Lincoln and Shirley Horn from club level to concert stages.
Consistent outside shooting would provide more room for Ewing, who is frequently surrounded by two or three defenders in the low post.
One of these, tentatively called the Catalogue Channel, will start operating early next year, while the other will make its debut later in 1994 on an interactive cable network that Time Warner is building in Orlando, Fla.
C1 SoHo, sidewalks, small cafes: Oh, so romantic.
"The foundation funds a broad spectrum of activities from small grants involving only single scientists to large centers, and my perception is that it has retained its strong inclination and tradition of supporting outstanding basic research and science education."
"Besides being a fabulous public space, the building does serve a utilitarian purpose, which costs millions of dollars to operate and maintain," said an M.T.A.
The boards, called sleepers, are placed with their wide surfaces against the slab and their ends overlapping by at least four inches.
Both houses also have rules regulating the amount of mail lawmakers can send.
Last March, GE Capital joined up with Amerimar Walnut Enterprises, a subsidiary of Amerimar Realty, to buy a 21-story, 200,000-square-foot Art Deco office building at 1528 Walnut Street, known as the Metrobank Building, built in 1927.
Another stress point is the $3 billion a year in military and economic assistance that Israel, the largest single aid recipient, has received from Washington since the mid-1980's.
For more details, the number to call is 285-7275.
Both of these books are crammed with famous names, almost none of them overlapping, although the authors lived in the same neighborhood at the same time.
"That's all they talked about in the troop.
A7 Jerusalem Journal: Palestinian test patterns.
Previews of the three plays -- "The Long Christmas Dinner," "The Happy Journey to Trenton and Camden" and "Pullman Car Hiawatha" now running at the McGinn/Cazale Theater in Manhattan -- will begin at the Circle in the Square April 9, with the opening scheduled for April 21.
Downstairs, the atmosphere is lively; upstairs, it is more austere.
B9 Hockey: Rangers lose to Ducks.
The Wolfe canon to date has crossed over from the American to the African, from drama to satire to musical theater, from verbal elegance to visual dash.
If the lawyers cannot reach agreement, Mr. Shechtman said, Mr. Hogue will be released from Creedmoor into police custody tomorrow and taken to a bail hearing.
In breaking the record time for the leg by two and a half days, Intrum Justitia, a Whitbread-60 Class yacht skippered by Lawrie Smith of England, took 25 days 14 hours 39 minutes to complete the stage, which began Nov. 13 in Punta del Este, Uruguay.
From having denounced Mr. Ishaq Khan as a traitor to the Constitution for forcing her from office, three years later she was able to join with him in an alliance to attack, and force the resignation of her successor, Mr. Sharif.
But Mr. Rose, pointing to the defendant, told the jurors, "Regardless of what name he uses, that man was the person who attempted to bomb the three locations in 1973."
One can only hope that Oliver Stone doesn't get wind of them.
11 11 5 PAPER DOLL, by Robert B. Parker.
At outside corners, cut off the vertical flanges of both strips by amounts equaling the width of a flange; then cut off the rear corner of one strip's horizontal flange at a 45-degree angle.
Meanwhile, researchers are trying to define and limit its risks.
"Would you like us to move?"
He also cited Brooklyn's new office, which opened last September on Hudson Avenue at Flatbush Avenue to replace the former office on Schermerhorn Street.
Much needs to be done.
He moved to Mansfield and in 1988 became the president of the plant.
"Hard for me to go to sleep," he said.
But there was a warning at the time.
Schedule B: Interest and Dividends Taxpayers must report interest and dividend income on Schedule B, making sure to match what banks, brokers and others have reported to them on Form 1099 -- unless there has been an error they have had corrected.
"I have cut my estimates for the year by a nickel, but I don't see anything here to panic over."
"They don't smoke on the premises."
But a careful look around the synagogue revealed half a dozen people, straining forward in their seats and mouthing the ancient prayers, almost willing the words out of Alex's mouth.
Nor is the United States Government alone in such initiatives.
Truck, Then a Van On Feb. 25, the day that the hydrogen was delivered, Mr. Salameh and an associate had been chatting amiably with the locker attendant, explaining that they needed the hydrogen gas for their "factory," investigators were told.
If trompe l'oeil is intended here, the eye is not tricked.
David Lewis goes after Nature's Sunshine Products, a big supplier of dietary supplements ($101 million a year).
At Brian Breye's Museum in Black, visitors can gaze at slave manacles under glass and shop for that certain African or African-American symbol of self-affirmation.
They feel a kind of nostalgia for the old days, and it's increasing as time passes."
Mr. Shipman reproduces fascinating M-G-M memos from such troubled productions as "Meet Me in St. Louis," which tartly record Garland's lateness and surliness.
This revue, created by and starring Bill Irwin and David Shiner, is a far more effective safety valve for urban pressures than drinking two martinis or yelling at a runaway taxi driver.
Saying he was not "obsessed" by Mr. Hussein, Mr. Clinton said he could imagine a normal relationship with him if he behaved according to international norms.
Todd Frohwirth and Alan Mills each got an out in the eighth, and Gregg Olson pitched the ninth for his third save.
In this line of work, any step forward is welcome."
His brother, Gamal, said they immigrated from Sudan 10 years ago and that his brother was a taxi driver in Jersey City.
Under his plans, he said, principals would be asked to demonstrate success from year to year, in measures that included attendance, the percentage of students passing courses and increased achievement by students in the bottom quarter of the schools.
Sharon McPhail, a lawyer and administrator in the Wayne County prosecutor's office, who is running with Mr. Young's endorsement, has promised to put an additional 2,000 police officers on the streets, a proposal that many believe will never happen.
When I got married, Dad got us a Kenmore.
"It's a cool place," he said.
Tonya Harding, overweight and perhaps over the hill, finished fourth in a weak field at the United States championships and didn't even qualify for the world title event.
Last summer, versions of the limp muslin dresses created for "Much Ado About Nothing" showed up in stores as the film opened.
"Just because a building is less than 75 percent sold doesn't mean it's a bad building by any means.
But he conducts the orchestra only five weeks a year.
Remedies are readily at hand.
Dr. John Harvey Kellogg, inventor of the corn flake and peanut butter, not to mention caramel-cereal coffee, Bromose, Nuttolene and some 75 other gastrically correct foods, paused to level his gaze at Mrs. Tindermarsh, the heavyset woman in the front row.
St. Louis drew the lucky number.
More than 170 witnesses appeared during 45 days of court proceedings.
The features here are a struggle for coherence and an authentic expression of where these people are."
COLD AND FLU STRAIN CITY HOSPITALS The recent frigid weather and an outbreak of the flu have put a strain on New York City's medical services -- overloading ambulances and some emergency rooms, and raising fears among hospital officials of a return to the gridlock of 1989 when waits for beds were as long as four days.
He was always the little guy who is trying to prove himself."
We feel very comfortable with the team we have."
Two of every five jobs in the United States are temporary or part-time.
The performing arts program, with its classes on composition and improvisation taught by tenured faculty members who are professional jazz musicians, is seen by many as the backbone of the college's multicultural approach.
But then attitudes changed, and 'Paddy Clarke' was very well received."
The lumbering industrial giants continued to march ahead of the rest of the market yesterday, as the Dow stocks advanced slightly but most others lagged.
At the Emelin Theater in Mamaroneck next Saturday, the Bluegrass Series concludes with an 8 P.M. visit from the Larry Stephenson Band.
But the real success at Kidder has come in the mortgage securities business, which accounted for most of the $400 million profit earned this year by its debt securities sales and trading business.
His mother, Rosie, is an interior decorator.
The Slav Defense gambit with 6 Bd2 is of World War II vintage, yet still attracts aggressive players.
It is obviously an embarrassing question for a dutiful village official, and when she answered, Mrs. Lapochkin tried to put things tactfully.
Unlike other chef-entrepreneurs, Roberto Donna, of Galileo in Washington, isn't looking to the future, at least not yet, but he is busily building his own empire.
"What he believes happened is nothing he wants to share with us."
We already had the land for the factory.
But if the Rangers are looking for someone to help them in the playoffs this season, Tikkanen is probably their man.
As a result, people in Chelsea and the area around the South Street Seaport were told to boil their drinking water.
Alarms generated on the anticloning software products from GTE and Coral are filtered a second time, checking the particular customer call history, which is stored in the data base.
He said it also led the Human Resources Administration to improve its management.
And patients, long used to the longest average hospital stays in Europe because the sickness funds used to pay by the day instead of by treatment, are increasingly being treated as outpatients instead.
Its best-known success, after six months of protests, was forcing 17 neighborhood supermarkets to clean up and improve maintenance.
The victory Friday gave New York a 2-1 lead in its season series against Chicago, the league's defending champion.
Some of the music at this weekend's Reading event was indisputably ethnic and genuinely compelling, like Nusrat Fateh Ali Khan, the Pakistani Qawwali singer, or a master Ghanaian drummer named Mustapha Tittey Addy.
Sam Chwat teaches senators how to drop their regional accents when they are in Washington, and how to pick them up again on the campaign trail.
Said Mr. Zarb: "I have already had conversations with five or six corporations who were talking about how they would like to have us in their next deals."
Best Actress: Debra Winger as a social outcast.
At least one British magazine writer found "The Big Breakfast" to be a "spectacularly successful example of the new infantilism in mainstream British television," with content that is "a joke at the expense of the viewer's intelligence."
* Charles Lutz was named president of the Hively Agency, Houston, succeeding Charles Hively, who continues as chief executive.
These ads offer apologies rather than puffery, explanations rather than exclamation points.
"It's like a boomerang effect," said Randall S. Sandstrom, a corporate bond transportation analyst for the First Boston Corporation.
Without a hearing, Smith and Carlos were suspended from the United States team, thrown out of the Olympic Village and forced to leave Mexico.
He understands the pulse of the game, when to pace himself and when to really step up.
Gregory now goes by the name Shawn Russ.
"If it is as good as people in the administration believe, absolutely nothing is lost in waiting a couple weeks and giving me a chance to look at it," he said.
"There was a never a chance they would go to criminal court," said Chuck Jones, a spokesman for Ms. Jackson.
In a city resplendent with elegant Art Nouveau buildings, surprisingly few cafes in the style have survived intact.
"There's no question that summer homes and visitors are extremely important to the economy of our villages," said Arma Andon, Mayor of Westhampton Beach, a community that shares the barrier beach here with Westhampton and other south shore villages.
The artists include Robert Beauchamp, Edward Giobbi, Leo Manso, Robert Motherwell, Judith Rothschild, Nora Speyer and Renate Ponsold, an honorary member.
Ready for a Grand Return Hours after the radio interview, the principal owner will walk, jog or sprint into the Yankees' spring training complex in Fort Lauderdale, Fla., to make his grand return as the man in charge of the most storied and most successful franchise in baseball history.
He said, "That means he'll never get out."
He'd come home in the evening, and I'd unlace his boots, take them off, stick the socks inside them.
Marcelo Tenorio, a 30-year-old house painter, told the judge that he had left Brazil after he had been stabbed and badly beaten outside a gay bar on a Rio beachfront in 1989.
And remember, the Bulls may not be finished yet.
"But, on the other hand, if you go out there and play a good game and still lose, your season's not over.
"It did have an effect on me, sure, man, it scared me," he said.
"But the Treasury market is still dealing with a political agenda."
One of First Black Quarterbacks "He's going to bring to us years of experience in pro football," Steinberg said.
Then as Oakley recovered the loose ball, he passed it to Starks while flat on his back.
In saying that such a right exists, the dissenters apply nothing but their personal opinions to invalidate the rules of more than two thirds of the States, and a Federal Rule of Criminal Procedure for which this Court itself is responsible.
He was senior project designer in the team that revised MasterCard's corporate identity, which included a new design of the interlocking-circle logotype that made it brighter and bolder.
*3*** COMPANY REPORTS ** View Full Article in Timesmachine »
First, you state that Senator Andreotti is seeking to lift the immunity of Mafia informants currently in the United States who are testifying against him.
In well-adjusted people, however, this experimentation rarely outlasts adolescence.
I know people who have stopped using Internet because they get 500 messages a day."
Stores that appear to be faring better are nonetheless coy.
Republicans have gathered behind a plan introduced by Representative Robert H. Michel of Illinois, the House minority leader; the Michel bill has 131 co-sponsors.
But for now, the major players look to be the cable companies and the regional phone companies.
Not all those interested in the city's Olympic bid, however, greeted the delegates so warmly.
They did not cremate his body but instead put it on display, Lenin-like, under glass in a refrigerated chamber.
Style was purchased by Buzz, a rival Los Angeles publication, which closed it.
The other company, Marriott International Inc., will retain existing management contracts with some 750 hotels and motels and with 3,000 corporate and institutional cafeterias.
The Philadelphia Eagles' owner, Norman Braman, doesn't say or do things without thinking them through carefully.
But most people who marry hope and expect children to be born to them.
But in another compartment, up in first class, assistant coach Scotty Robertson -- who had preserved his game face -- was breaking down film.
Mr. Boutros-Ghali, his smile fading, said Bosnians should realize that the plight of Sarajevo was not the only one demanding the world's sympathy, nor even the worst.
"My heart's pumping like mad, and the liver's in great shape," he told reporters when he was last discharged from the hospital on Oct. 19.
Thinking of going hiking with friends this fall?
"They take no risk whatsoever.
"Customers want more than fabric; they want the finished product.
He glanced around, for muggers, junkies, drive-by shooters, but saw only police officers, ball-fetchers, other tennis players.
About New York by Michael T. Kaufman 26
Last year's rate of 1.8 deaths per 100 million miles is the lowest on record.
Year round, Monday through Saturday, 10:30 A.M. to 5 P.M.; Sundays, noon to 5 P.M. Free tours and wine-tasting every hour.
In part it is the work of Communism, in part simply changing times and a changing world -- and in part the fact that the past was never as idyllic as it appears through the romantic prism of time.
Surprising to all, Israelis and Palestinians have made just such progress in Washington.
But recent science fiction, encouraged by the success of William Gibson and other practitioners of cyberpunk, has piled on the oddities in an attempt to create speculative futures that can compete with an increasingly disjointed present.
I was thinking, I'm done, then all of a sudden I had a chance, then I lost it all.
So he figured it would be best not to act like one.
"I know there are a lot of people who do."
Riley added that he was most eager to see Greg Anthony, John Starks and Anthony Mason when training camp begins.
In that case, the Government is appealing a series of decisions made by Judge Terry Hatter of Federal District Court involving an openly gay seaman, Keith Meinhold.
Mr. Wirth noted that Congressional opposition had grown, and he asked for help in devising a politically acceptable way for the United States to restore funds, a person who was present said.
The teams gained a total of 1,046 yards with 550 for the Gaels.
Jennifer Capriati took the court in her now-customary headgear: white hat emblazoned with American flag, the same sort of hat she wore during her gold-medal fortnight in Barcelona, Spain.
As Governor Colon points out, studies by two respected accounting organizations foresee widespread and devastating economic havoc sweeping Puerto Rico when American pharmaceutical companies leave the island in response to the demise of these tax breaks.
Sonopress, which supplies 29 percent of the German market and 6 percent of the international market with its recorded materials, planned to embed the Knogo products in its compact disks, cassettes and other digital sound recordings.
"But I think the players are looking forward to the curfew.
Viacom's class A shares closed at $66, and its class B shares at $59.375.
The other unions, which have the power to stop newspaper production and distribution, did little to support the guild, and Mr. Zuckerman prevailed.
"The questions were a little too tough, the answers a little too glib," said Mr. Redford.
Without holding Japan to a commitment, they argued, it would be impossible to open the market enough to reduce the roughly $50 billion United States trade deficit with Japan.
Ms. Blackledge said she had seen her son frequently since she transferred legal custody to Ms. Blackledge-Poole four and a half years ago.
For the week, it gained 49.82 points.
A few days before making the second defense of his World Boxing Council superbantamweight title, Patterson had to bounce around the Marist College recreation center like a student registering for classes.
"The difference is the way they are derived, and in certain cases the natural source can be 100 times more expensive."
"A person could get killed."
Nothing will quiet Mr. Perot's incessant chatter.
"In other disciplines, we can also talk about creativity and self-esteem."
"Prior experiments in what have been called 'shadow days' -- when kids trail their parents around the workplace -- have found that the whole process is really rather easy," it reassures.
"You have to go bigger than 35 inches," said David E. Mentley, director of display industry research for Stanford Resources Inc., a market research firm in San Jose, Calif. "That's where the size of the tube becomes obtrusive."
In announcing the Republican meetings earlier this week, he declared, "The Democrats may not like our bill, but we know the American people will prefer it over their bureaucratic nightmare."
I expect that in terms of distribution, for sure the Alpha personal computer will be distributed by the same channels that we use to distribute high-end personal computers.
Alarmed by a sharp increase in bribery over the last decade, a group of senior government, business and development-agency officials met here recently to establish a coalition against corruption in global business transactions.
The orchestra, which performs in the prestigious Great Hall of the Moscow Conservatory when not touring abroad, has not exactly been reduced to practicing on the sidewalk.
In fact, nothing in the pictures explicitly indicates that the men are prostitutes.
Bradley said, "The next time down, I blocked his shot."
42, and teacher turnover is three times higher.
Now, as an adult, chronologically at least, I wanted to try this museum again, since I was apparently too hungry as a child to focus on anything in it.
The purpose was to give an idea of what a larger, centerless gold coin might look like.
An 18th-century farmhouse, converted in the 19th century to a Victorian cottage, which was the home of the photographer Alice Austen.
Despite these cutbacks, which account for nearly one-fourth of all spending cuts in the budget bill, the cost of Medicare is expected to soar, to $239 billion in 1998 from $129 billion last year.
But he said for the first time that "if the parties themselves agree, genuinely and honestly agree, the United States would have to look very seriously" at the three-way partition plan proposed by the Presidents of Serbia and Croatia.
They also sit with teachers, parents and outside observers on final-exam committees, or round tables, that determine which students are to graduate.
The National Organization for Women threatened a lawsuit against the district.
"It will take some time to compensate for the overbuying of the late 70's and early 80's," said Robert C. Hooley, executive vice president and chief lending officer for Peoples Westchester Savings Bank, which is based in Hawthorne.
Fee: $9, $7 for students and the elderly.
"It's like missing getting in a car wreck," Mr. Goodner said.
One of Mr. Wilensky's last acts was renting the remote house, a chocolate brown structure just off Cemetery Road about a half-mile from the nearest house.
Shares of Coca-Cola fell $1, to $41; Coca-Cola Enterprises stock was up 37.5 cents to $15.25.
The demand for the book at Ingram, where the book is at No.
He earned a master's degree from the Eastman School of Music and a doctorate from the University of Illinois, and studied in Rome on a Fulbright Scholarship.
She's another outsider, a prostitute who yearns to become proper.
The United States still has no diplomatic ties with North Korea.
I had been watching young Jack help a slow-witted schoolmate parse a Latin passage from Livy at the rate of 1,200 words per minute.
Yet some useful legislation still has a chance, including a gay rights bill, a measure that would lift rent controls on the affluent and reforms at the community school board level in New York City.
I'll stop someone on the street and find out if they are single, married, engaged.
The cause of death was leukemia, said his wife, Hedi Kravis Ruger.
Mr. Williams has been convicted of at least three other robberies, said Vincent Pizzo, the housing police Chief of Detectives.
We expect the best health care available.
Most magazines, the writers and editors said, do not place considerations of style and the creation of a coherent narrative above the accuracy of facts or quotations.
ERIC LINDROS will practice full-scale with the Philadelphia Flyers today, the first time he will have done so since he reinjured his left knee.
If an agency does belong, the group may help in resolving disputes.
This was special for me because the sponsor of the tournament is my sponsor."
At 22 years old, McKie has cultivated a keen insight into human nature.
Suzanne Davis, the American coordinator for Decaux, which is based in a suburb of Paris, said she hoped officials would rethink the limits imposed on kiosks as a result of yesterday's action.
The music and club listings remain in the magazine, along with roundups of independent record labels (e.g., Pop Llama of Seattle, Community Three of Brooklyn) and reviews of bands that will probably never make the pages of Rolling Stone.
If television can be an influence for socially desirable actions, why not for undesirable ones, particularly on the most impressionable segment of its enormous audience?
The channel refused to run any Panic commercials until it received official notification of his certification.
While much smaller than the Metropolitan Museum of Art's sprawling Egyptian collection, the Brooklyn display is more digestible and far more beautiful: it's not only a great introduction to the subject, but it's also something like an Egyptian Frick Collection.
His mother is the associate director of marketing development at Novo-Nordisk Inc., a pharmaceutical company in Princeton.
In addition to his history, he produced many innovative studies of the medium, including "The Daguerreotype in America" (1961), "Airborne Camera" (1969) and "Frederick H. Evans" (1975).
But it was this very "industry" that came forward with the information that persuaded Mr. Mason's lawyer to file a request for a new trial in State Supreme Court here.
-- Milton Horowitz, Jackson Heights, Queens .
I'm sure it is happening to people who have families there or who return there."
One of the loveliest of the late flowers, the Montauk daisy (formerly Chrysanthemum nipponicum, now Nipponanthemum nipponicum) bears its pure white blooms through autumn.
The Fed chairman wrote back Friday saying he would respond to the request after Fed officials discussed it at the Tuesday meeting of the policy-making committee.
about to end, the focus of job assistance is shifting to the Federally funded Employment Training Center opened in downtown Poughkeepsie last month.
Tietmeyer left on a secret mission to Paris with Waigel, to work out strategy with the Bank of France and with Waigel's French counterpart, Edmond Alphandery.
Averaging 12.4 points a game to Dudley's 3.5, Gilliam was more accurate from the floor, hitting 46.4 percent of his shots, compared with 35.3 percent for Dudley.
United Nations officials say the threat of secession appears to be a negotiating tactic by leaders of the incumbent Government who hope to preserve some power in a coalition with the royalist party.
Visitors to the Governor's Mansion are struck by how far this President-to-be has come: It may be called "mansion," but it is really a house that is rather small compared to other governors' residences and does not approach the elegance of the White House.
"I saw my neighborhood as a bunch of losers -- crackheads, people hanging in the streets.
White House officials emphasized that no decisions had been made.
So are Icahn and Lorenzo and the other speculators who ruined airlines.
The Khmer Rouge, with about 10,000 fighters, have offered to give up their army and territory if they are given an advisory role in the Government.
Cigna's report sees prospects for "improved revenue growth and better margins" in light of the "new Administration's health care policy."
If the New Jersey team melds, it could finish as high as second in the division and play well into the warm weather in the playoffs.
Mr. Rather also stressed that the decision to bring Ms. Chung onto his newscast was not made because it was suffering in the ratings.
Mr. Morris described the Caldwell family as "very impoverished, below the poverty level."
They become increasingly concerned with abstract moral and ethical issues.
noted that Agassi's withdrawal was made without the approval of the referee, in violation of Davis Cup rules.
At the Rockefeller Group, which manages the properties through a subsidiary, the Rockefeller Center Management Corporation, there was no comment on substantive issues.
At the base of Sugar Loaf, a paved trail leads around the southern flank of the mountain, providing unexpected views of Copacabana and about one mile's worth of exercise.
All he did to Turgeon was put him out of the game and probably the next series, with the Stanley Cup champion Pittsburgh Penguins, beginning on Sunday.
The report also misspelled the name of the artist who painted the rug.
"True Romance," a vibrant, grisly, gleefully amoral road movie directed by Tony Scott and dominated by the machismo of Quentin Tarantino (who wrote this screenplay before he directed "Reservoir Dogs"), is sure to offend a good-sized segment of the moviegoing population.
"With that weight, you're looking at two or three tons, and with that big head, it pulls the body down," Mr. Galli said.
team said Gordie wasn't synonymous with hockey," Roskam said.
SEVEN years ago, Barbara Smith, a model and an actress, opened B. Smith's Restaurant at West 47th Street and Eighth Avenue, next to a closed-down movie theater and across the street from a row of dilapidated tenements.
Most of Brazil's opera palaces were erected around the turn of this century, a time when secular art could grandly dominate central squares.
The two groups now celebrate seders together, vote together and litigate together.
Thebe took over the congress's financially troubled Movement Marketing Enterprises, which has the franchise to sell Nelson Mandela t-shirts and other liberation-movement memorabilia.
They began kidnapping girls and young women from other areas, hauling them back to the village and forcing them into prostitution.
The next time I dropped by, it looked great.
Instead, her image was of a private, dutiful wife seemingly self-contained and impenetrable.
But market forces are now forcing the issues, largely because advances in technology have dramatically expanded the range of services that every part of the industry can now offer.
The association asserted that the transition to civilian rule had been compromised by widespread vote-tampering and corruption, and on Tuesday the group won a court order instructing the national electoral commission not to release election results.
Billion-Mark Loss Rumored Rumors that the losses run up by the MG Corporation might have amounted to as much as 1 billion marks ($588 million) contributed to a one-day loss of nearly 11 percent in Metallgesellschaft's share values on the Frankfurt stock exchange on Tuesday.
Dessert can be made several hours ahead up to this point.
"We know what to look for, and we know what to do."
Next Tuesday, voters in California will express their opinions on the most important public policy issue since the Voting Rights Act.
State to Take Farm Mrs. Titley and her husband, Hugo, grow corn on land they lease from a farmer who has recently been notified that the state plans to take his farm.
Not Brooklyn Heights, with its historic brownstones; not among the stately homes of Flatbush: the Brooklyn area with the greatest concentration of commemorative statues is humble Greenpoint.
Delicately trying to referee the Republic New York Corporation's hostile takeover battle with Green Point Savings Bank, the New York State Banking Department gave a qualified approval yesterday to one of Republic's main tactics -- its offer of a $100 million special interest payment to Green Point depositors.
They too found that myopic infants become myopic teen-agers, with a period of normal vision in between.
"My whole life is about trying to credit other people," she said.
"He said, 'I'm 31 years old and I'd like to win now,' Mara said.
New York City Parks Department officials said the Nation of Islam has until Monday to return a signed contract to rent the Stadium.
"Yes, he's high on our list," said Pacers President Donnie Walsh, a former teammate of Brown's at the University of North Carolina.
Low wages, the acceptance of poor working conditions and lax environmental standards in Mexico, he said, would encourage American companies to invest there instead of at home.
The Campaign for Democracy has made demands on the Government that seem equally inflexible, including acceptance of the election results, return of power to elected civilians and release of all political prisoners.
And the ravages of that cycle, he said, are stunting growth, in the black community in particular.
Sadie Delany's system was playing dumb, refusing to understand directions to sit in the back of a store, asking "Back where?"
It is not a good sign that Peter Weller, who originated the title role of the cyborg police officer in the hit movie "Robocop" and its sequel is not around for Part 3.
She dropped out of school at 16 to support her family when her father was injured in an accident.
Yet it is still an appealing record, intelligently chosen, tastefully arranged, and beautifully sung by an all-American voice.
Overreaching can be avoided with "letters of understanding," something for the client to review and sign after a period of a few days, with an opportunity to consult another attorney or anyone else.
Dear Diary: Time and place: a recent dinner at Jim McMullen's Restaurant on the Upper East Side.
THE FBI Inside the World's Most Powerful Law Enforcement Agency.
in Duluth, Minn. Later she joined the Katherine Gibbs School in New York City, becoming director of placement.
-- Paul and Susan Tunick, New York, N.Y. A.
A titled "Art and Artists on Film" focuses on "artists in all walks of life," Mr. Macdonald said, "musicians, painters, writers, even film makers, for that matter."
If there were mistakes on any of the immigrants' tax returns, he said, that was because clients lied to him.
I know there are people who don't approve of me, though many individual Orthodox people call us with support, eager for inclusivity.
The Indiana Pacers rookie lost his 75-page playbook/scouting report on the New York Knicks Thursday at Kennedy Airport.
It would also increase the current 11 percent tax on the wholesale price of regular handgun ammunition to 50 percent in most cases.
In a meeting with reporters today, a top State Department official, Robert Gallucci, said of North Korea, "We have some indications that they are looking to resolve this."
Mr. Giuliani's misstep came at the now-infamous police demonstration last fall at City Hall.
Red or Yellow Pepper Sauce (Adapted from Guiseppina Fassi, Gener Neuv, Asti) Total time: 45 minutes 1 large red or yellow pepper 5 celery ribs 3 shallots, peeled and minced 2 medium carrots, peeled 1 cup fresh parsley 2 tablespoons olive oil Salt to taste 1 tablespoon white wine vinegar 1 tablespoon sugar Hot pepper flakes, optional.
He hit the nail on the head when he said "we'll have a great mixture of most of the great teams of the world and some Cinderella teams."
The process teaches that anger and hostility can be dealt with in a positive way, she said.
Sid Fernandez is a very good pitcher."
Two new law journals tackle issues of concern to Asian Americans.
Bruguera defeated a fellow Spaniard, Frederic Sanchez, 6-1, 6-3.
He said all operations were back to normal today.
Today, the idea of eliminating bags seems no fashion whim but rather a threat.
Last February, a 15-year-old special education student was stabbed to death by another student in the Lower East Side junior High School, J.H.S.
Her husband, 48, is a lawyer.
Second was the pro-Government Russia's Choice, led by First Deputy Prime Minister Yegor T. Gaidar, with 13.66 percent of the votes and an estimated 38 party-list seats.
And it was the first time I ever remember being on the earth as opposed to a part of the earth.
"An American who moved from New York City to Paris no longer needs to feel homesick."
The Cleveland owner, Art Modell, sent his private jet to pick up White and his family in Knoxville, then presented White's wife with a $900 leather coat.
"It's very hard to kick somebody out," said Frances Kissling, of the Catholics for a Free Choice, a group whose liberal stands include endorsing abortion rights.
In the same building the whole family could rent a private studio to record a favorite country, pop, or gospel tune.
But when the leading man and woman are alone, they dance an extremely erotic pas de deux, only to mind their manners once again when other dancers return.
TAMPA BAY BUCCANEERS -- Waived Barney Bussey and Jerry Gray, safeties; Mark Vlasic, quarterback; Elijah Alexander, linebacker; Curtis Buckley, cornerback; Robert Claiborne, wide receiver; Rhett Hall, Corey Mayfield and Shawn Price, defensive linemen; and Tom McHale and Pat Tomberlin, offensive linemen.
Fish entrees range from $5 to $10.
Occasional Talk of Trains Luis Acevedo, 15, said Mr. Thomas had the normal number of friends and talked about the normal things -- girls, basketball and hanging out.
2), the F minor (Op.
(3) We must provide job training, child care and other support to help poor women with children move into the work force and stay there.
Don't Miss "BRAM STOKER'S 'DRACULA.'
Bernard E. Trainor: The answer to a Marine chaplain's prayer.
It is the first such national corporate sponsorship of youth soccer.
Some work remains: determining how many of the remaining 17 mental hospitals can be closed, and how much money for the mentally ill the state can raise by selling closed hospital buildings and campuses.
held that despite the Saudi position, the companies should be taxed at the higher prices.
"The wider band will help the French to lower interest rates, but if they don't lower interest rates now, they will have the worst of all possible worlds, which means currency instability and continued recession," Mr. Soros said.
Instead, she delivered the wallet and all its contents to the nearest police station, where the tourist reclaimed them.
Mr. Domingo's tenor began on a baritonal foundation and, through sheer industry and intelligence, an upper range was constructed on it.
"I don't think it follows from the facts but the public thinks, 'We always said lawyers were sleazy, and this proves it two more times,' " he said.
Philip H. Smyth, an analyst with Birinyi Associates, an equity research firm, said the stock contributing to most of the movement in the Dow yesterday was Goodyear Tire and Rubber, down 2 5/8 to 72.
Currently, elections for the People's Congress, which itself selects the smaller house known as the Supreme Soviet, are set for March 1995, and for the presidency in June 1996.
Several economists in the Administration acknowledged that they favored the more modest package, but insisted, as one said, that "the economic team is not a coherent bloc."
The problems that baseball has now with the relative paucity of blacks and minority personnel in significant front-office positions, while still shameful, seems, though, little more than a drop in the oil drum.
We should feel funny more often.
Iona counters that the Seton students -- many of them from poor families -- were hurt by the recession and government cuts in financial aid.
The typical desktop computer uses 250 to 300 watts of power.
said they had violated the law by improperly soliciting investments from buyers of Mr. Murphy's self-published books "One Up on Trump" and "Trickle 'Up' Economics."
Vanessa Hernandez, who lives outside the Lower East Side zone, headed for the grocery.
"I think he can go a long way in repairing his relationship with the Jewish community," the delegate said, "but the key is follow-up."
There was a fellow I went into the Navy with -- he was from Plainfield, a New Jersey guy -- he and I went off the ship together.
Some Democrats and Republicans in Congress have proposed letting commercial banks buy themselves out of their responsibilities under the act by pumping money into community development institutions instead of lending it directly to risky individuals and businesses.
More than 100 of Ward Melville's 1,700 students are enrolled in her course, known to all as West Prep, which trains students in research and provides a step-by-step guide to entering the Westinghouse competition and a host of other contests.
The police said a car pulling onto a road from the restaurant's driveway was struck by another car, which then backed about 30 feet through the front of the restaurant.
On the other hand, however accurate it may be, the Japanese dialogue often reads like that of a World War II comic book.
The Supreme Court today agreed to decide whether abortion clinics can invoke a Federal racketeering law to sue anti-abortion groups that organize demonstrations and blockades intended to shut down the clinics.
In Livingston, the Livingston Bar and Grill, 130 North Main, (406) 222-7909, and The Sport, 114 South Main, (406) 222-3533, add a couple of dollars a person to the bill for cooking a visitor's catch.
The girl was rescued by her mother.
He is trying to revive a franchise's image.
But this year, he is working out at first base, where he looks relatively smooth.
"It's time to start seeing how he does against left-handers," said Green, in penciling in his name.
The results of those chance encounters can be just as perilous, however.
It is an opportunity for actors to expound in a civilized manner on a variety of subjects.
One possible explanation is that Mercer was "trash-talking," or trying to lull Ferguson into a false sense of security and let down his guard.
A colorfully garbed man named Ta-Har who calls himself a high priest of the Black Israelites was brandishing a baseball bat.
'For the Working Man' "Clinton is more for the working man," said Kurt Hipchen, a 39-year-old sheet-metal worker who stopped with his wife to chat on the way to a movie.
Timman could not capture with 22 .
My service record had no input."
"This has to be frustrating because these are not products you can sell easily through retail outlets."
It has been called Northern Italy's Beaujolais, with some justification.
Most of the junior high school students from the Bronx who toured New York Telephone's Guardian Center in Manhattan last week have yet to settle on careers.
Officials of the Marlo Reisen concern have been unavailable for interviews about the situation.
Lenin had a saying: Kto -- kovo, "who against whom."
Mr. Caesar, who suffered massive internal injuries when he was struck by a .45-caliber bullet that an Essex County grand jury believed was fired by a Newark police officer, spent four months in the hospital and underwent 10 operations that removed his spleen and parts of his intestines and repaired damage to his kidneys and liver.
Guzman looks the part of a World Series hero.
The Olde Country Store is on Route 511 (Greenwood Lake Turnpike) just north of the Monksville reservoir.
The impact of all the civil unrest has been a dramatic reduction in Colombia's cattle herd, from 25 million cows in 1974 to 16 million last year.
Even if we come back and lose in a close race, I expect to be pounded."
But merchandise is no longer a distinguishing characteristic.
It seems unlikely that any such solution could preserve the principle of Bosnian sovereignty in any meaningful way.
He was 61 and lived in White Plains.
Mr. Mottola and Ms. Carey were married in June.
" said David Jones, a clerk at the Plano store, marveling as he recalled last year, when the line of customers snaked past the microwave burritos to the back of the store.
Net income represented net investment income.As of Sept. 30, total net assets in the latest period was $ 141,741,575, or $ 12.32 a share, compared with $ 135,878,157, or $ 11.81 a share, in the year-ago period.
E. Lee Hennessee, a hedge-fund consultant at Shearson who met Mr. Druckenmiller when he came to New York, said his dry style turned off the investment manager of an Ivy League university to whom she introduced him.
Mr. Cuomo is to release revised projections of his own next week, but he is very likely to continue taking an extremely conservative approach despite signs that the economy is improving.
"I read the article, and I found the content of it completely appalling," said Adriano Espaillat, recently elected district leader for the area.
Pu is willing to eat half the worm.
A Federal judge has begun weighing whether to retry the entire libel case between Jeffrey M. Masson and Janet Malcolm, the writer for The New Yorker magazine, or whether to revisit only the issue of monetary damages for Mr. Masson, the renegade Freudian scholar who won a vindication of sorts from a jury here last month.
Jerry Parrott, a company spokesman, said drug unit sales rose 12 percent.
The two friends still bring their boards to do tricks at Washington Square Park, but only when the pressure of work allows.
San Jose's Maurice Picard scored 3:07 into the contest after first Joe Kocur, then Mark Hardy failed to clear the puck out of the slot.
He said Mr. Fetterolf told him: "It's no big deal.
Under National Collegiate Athletic Association rules, the five-year period of eligibility at Division I schools begins the first day of enrollment.
In contrast to their earlier years, preferred waking times get later and later, but run up against school bus schedules, which require extremely early waking times.
Their charm, however, stems from their altered states.
"I did not factor the clubs' total irrationality.
And one thing you can say for sure is that for most Syrians, the prospect of another war is finished. "
"It sounds crazy to go to all that trouble, but there's an awful lot of money out here now," Mr. Miller said, summarizing the attraction and risk in the booming new world of Indian casino gambling that is prompting a parallel revolution in tribal cooperation and safeguards.
To you and me, our standards are much higher but they don't have those high standards and they're not striving to have them."
But the gun scared Marcus much more than the school thugs did.
I don't ever recall a client asking, "What are our credentials for evaluating C.E.O.
2, chicken soup, in which the famous Chinese black chicken (a type of poultry with black skin) is blanched and slowly steamed with ginger and scallions inside a casserole for hours until the broth is rich and clear.
January wedding plans have been announced by Mr. and Mrs. Samuel Weinstock of Short Hills, N.J., for their daughter Cheryl Linn Weinstock and Dr. David Adam Garfinkel, the son of Mr. and Mrs. George B. Garfinkel of Woodmere, L.I.
More out of desperation than confidence, newly enfranchised voters throughout the region turned to young civilian leaders who prescribed austerity and argued that the United States, though a contributor to the region's problems, could also be part of a solution.
But changing Federal policies could tear up the age-old economics of ranching.
In addition to the standardized benefit packages and streamlined claims forms, the Administration hopes that employers will no longer need to employ health benefits specialists or pay health insurance agents and brokers to find their employees the best health plans.
It has created a major strain."
U S West dropped 1/2 point, to 40 5/8, on volume of only 1 million shares.
In his speech, and in fielding shareholders' questions, Mr. Gerstner also seemed to take a page from the book of a more recent President, Bill Clinton, who in a speech in Boston on Sunday stressed the need for patience as he defended his first 100 days in the White House.
No one was injured, he said.
Revenue eased less than 1 percent, to $13.16 billion from $13.23 billion.
The best thing about Marion Cajori's study of Joan Mitchell, the Abstract Expressionist painter who died in October at the age of 66, is the way it makes a complete emotional portrait of the toweringly acerbic artist by interweaving her conversation with shots of works that reveal her vulnerable inner life.
(212) 487-4398 Federal Trade Commission .
Rule Violations Draw Fines In June, the 965-megawatt Indian Point 3 plant was placed on the Nuclear Regulatory Commission's watch list of the 10 most troubled reactors in the country, after a series of unfavorable evaluations.
Operations of the Hungarian company that Pepsi now controls include plants at Soroksar, Tata, Dobrentei Ter and Margaret Island, as well as warehouses and depots.
But these cannot be official records because you can't correct something that didn't exist.
Since the mid-1980's it has more than doubled the security staff, to 55 guards, and quadrupled the security costs, to $1.6 million.
He anxiously pictures himself wanted in a way that most men feel only a woman should be wanted.
And Congress, in its new-found enthusiasm for fiscal rectitude, scotched even the symbolic $20 billion stimulus left in the Administration's deficit-reduction package.
It is very likely to be Kariya.
In addition, evacuation makes the search for the bomb take longer and reduces the chance of finding it.
That was down 0.97 cent from Feb. 19.
"Early on, the bankruptcy of an airline was shocking," Mr. Shugrue said.
Saab Military Aircraft of Sweden said yesterday that it was in talks with the Northrop Corporation and British Aerospace P.L.C.
But Leland T. Jones, press secretary for Mayor David N. Dinkins, said that to be eligible for one of the 200 slots filled through the Mayor's office, applicants had to meet the requirements of the Federal Job Training Partnership Act.
New Jersey's fourth straight loss was made all the more painful because with Boston losing to New York, the Nets lost a chance to make up some ground on the Celtics.
American officials say they are aware that many temporary visas they grant in Beijing go to people who intend to remain in the United States.
Aided by a senior editor, Anne Hulbert, one of the very few women on the masthead (Dorothy Wickenden, the executive editor, resigned last month to become national editor of Newsweek), Wieseltier strives "to slow things down a little so people can actually think about them."
ROBERT GANGI Executive Director, Correctional Association of New York New York, Nov. 15, 1993
auditorium for the latest word on an arrest in the World Trade Center bombing.
for a little while and get out," he said.
Obviously, Pittsburgh is a very talented team and we are going to have to be at the very top of our game to be successful."
Then, shortly after dawn on Sunday, May 9, weather permitting, a helicopter will pluck the shrouded and caged statue off the dome and gingerly lower her 287 feet to the east Front Plaza.
"I heard the Yankees blocked every decent starting pitcher that was out there," said one general manager.
Like most of the best cabaret performers, Ms. McBroom is as engaging a storyteller as she is a singer, and her show was peppered with anecdotes.
Auberge du Cep, Place de l'Eglise, Fleurie; telephone 74.04.10.77.
With Bosnia in the grip of winter and scores of remote Muslim communities cut off by deep snowdrifts or encircled by Serbian nationalist forces, Zepa, about 100 miles east of here, had become a test for the United Nations relief operation.
He continued working until last year, said his son Kris.
Open Monday through Friday, 11 A.M. to 7 P.M.; Saturday, 11 A.M. to 4 P.M. No charge for admission.
Assembly Democrats originally had said it would not be feasible to negotiate such a complex issue in the waning moments of the Legislative session.
Season with the remaining 1/2 teaspoon of salt and pepper to taste.
After an intermission, "Today" efficiently advanced the story from its tragic opening to its more hopeful second act: the show's news reader, who had announced that the fire was 40 percent contained at 7:30, abruptly raised the figure to 60 percent at 8:00.
The first had been left opened, and all that its main room held, other than a bed, were some wooden tablets with verses from the Koran.
Fresh string beans and many herbs should be widely available into early fall.
"This is a very hard place to make a living," he said one recent afternoon as he swiftly gathered his goods before a police car passed by.
Their three earlier studies have had an important impact on the practice of medicine in the United States and elsewhere.
reached tentative agreement this month on a contract that is likely to serve as a pattern for agreements between G.M., the U.A.W.
While the statement was presented as constructively conceived to overcome the long trade-talk impasse, it was uncompromising on almost all issues.
"Freedom's Children" and "Mississippi Challenge" show that freedom for blacks didn't just drop from the sky; it required careful prodding, forceful pulling and costly sacrifice from many active, committed people.
b-Net incomeThe net loss for the 1992 year included a provision for restructuring of $ 15,795,000.
But black students' scores rose to 253 from 250.
The move was a defeat for Federal Express, the nation's largest air carrier of documents, packages and heavy air freight, which has worked hard to keep its work force nonunion.
"It wasn't doing me any good anyway."
Behind the malaise, there is alarm and some surprise at the harsh nature of market economics.
Only during the work's final section was there a hint that the curves of the title had a musical referent.
The university said it viewed the paper's disappearance as a violation of free speech.
Professor Korte said yesterday that Christie's had not been in touch with him and that he was still interested in the calculator.
From wheat and peanut butter to orange juice and lettuce, the Administration has been promising American farmers and the legislators who represent them that it will protect them from foreign competition.
A huge three-foot thick steel door swings open to allow a visitor to enter a 6.5-acre city of 15 three-story buildings erected on a metal base sitting atop giant metal coils.
Aug. 28 and 29: Campaigning with Gen. David Hunter in Staunton, Lexington and Lynchburg, Va., in June 1864.
If it had taken place three years from now, it would probably have been more consistent.
Mr. Jordan was the project's chief ballistics expert, devising ways to shape solid fuel so that it burns smoothly, rather than exploding when ignited.
When the Leadership Secondary School opens in September 1994, its citywide admission policy will welcome students of all racial and ethnic backgrounds.
On the right person, in the right place, they could have a lot of charm.
Mr. Giuliani won by less than 45,000 votes citywide; his plurality on Staten Island was more than 88,000.
One official involved in formulating the policy said that some of the Administration's economic officials, fearing the possibility of retaliation, had pushed for renewing China's favorable status without conditions.
"Reports range from the best ever to the best in five years, since the beach washups in 1987," said Eugene Dilbeck, director of the New Jersey Division of Travel and Tourism.
Chin Shih-Chieh Mrs. Jiang .
Asked to list his occupation, he liked to put down "Presidential escort."
The issue of whether to lift the Pentagon's 50-year-old ban began with a casual campaign pledge but was transformed into one of the thorniest issues of the Clinton Presidency.
Mr. Anthony, who is from nearby Pickens, S.C., said he had spent about $18 million on the development so far.
We won't change the character of the market.
"The Mets, with the way the game changes and with the questions about the futures of so many of their players, are probably going to have to move in a different direction soon," said Bobby Bonilla, the right fielder who figures to be in their plans a while longer.
The survival of the "Star Wars" galaxy is still threatened by aliens.
Mr. Assad may then try to block a separate Palestinian-Israel agreement.
wound up committing more money to the layoff funds than it had in 1990 -- nearly $4 billion more over three years -- even though its workforce had shrunk by tens of thousands of workers.
At least one member of the freshman class elected on last year's anti-Washington sentiment was apparently able to reap the benefits of her new position even before she triumphed in the polls.
It is a lonely fight.
"It just goes to show that market leadership doesn't necessarily confer profitability," said Paul R. Schlesinger, a trucking industry analyst at Donaldson, Lufkin & Jenrette.
Ms. Barkin had a warm relationship with Mr. DiCaprio, and felt wistful during their final scene together, when the 17-year-old had to cry.
Like the rest of the city, St. Mary's Church, the soaring 19th-century cathedral at the center of the neighborhood, has seen better times: its grimy facade has been smeared with graffiti, and the tombstones in the cemetery have been toppled and broken by vandals.
"Blue" will be his monument, intended as a metaphor not so much for illness, blindness and death as for vision and liberty.
The Speaker's press secretary, Jeff Biggs, released a statement praising Mr. McCurdy's performance, "particularly his pioneering contributions in the reorganization of the intelligence community."
Did I really want to ride the rest of the day, Mr. Austin asked, or would I rather enjoy the lake and drink beer?
The Warrior and Gulf Navigation Company, owner of the towboat and barges entangled in the deadliest train wreck in the history of Amtrak, is a major player in the gritty and less glamorous part of the port business here.
Looking the other way has become a middle-class way of life.
And when I hung some pictures for my wife, I didn't have a picture-hanging toolbox.
Both CS and CN can be bought as ingredients of self-defense sprays.
What other committee chairwoman arrives at balls in carriages shaped like pumpkins or towed by horses in unicorn drag?
'It Just Can't Work' One point agreed upon by several of the seamen, whether they supported or opposed allowing homosexuals in the military, was that this killing exposed how generally unprepared the military is to deal with either the substantial number of homosexuals already in its ranks -- last year they were discharged at the pace of about two a day -- or the prospect of permitting them to enlist openly.
"When I do direct mail to regular customers, it's a busy day for me on that Sunday," Mr. McElgunn said.
Mr. Whitmore does not play down Kodak's problems, which include huge debts, tougher competition in its core photographic film operations and the failure to wring adequate profits out of its research and marketing investments.
A1 MAYORS' FRUSTRATION Mayor Richard Daley of Chicago has accused President Clinton of breaking promises and not coming through for the cities.
Mr. Beckman said Mr. Caruso's remarks on television on Sunday amounted to "a paid political advertisement" for Mr. Dinkins's chief opponent, Rudolph W. Giuliani.
owns 95 percent of Adidas A.G., the German athletic wear company.
"Anyone famous on the plane?"
White House officials have also proposed restricting to $200,000 the aggregate sum a House candidate can accept from PAC's.
Trade Editor's View "This is a poker game where A.T.& T. is quietly assembling all the cards," Esther Dyson, publisher of Release 1.0, a computer-industry newsletter, said of the competition for primacy in the so-called Pentop computers.
The latest victim of "Derby fever" followed by the "Derby jinx" is Gilded Time, who won the Breeder's Cup Juvenile last Oct. 31 and became the instant favorite to win the 1993 Derby.
Especially at the big international airports, there will be more questioning of more passengers, more pat-downs, more surveillance by metal detectors and more searches of carry-on luggage.
"Detective Story: A Film" was a well conceived cartoon dance, set to music by Ennio Morricone, for a Detective, a Girl, a Victim (her boyfriend) and a chorus that doubled in roles that included people in the streets and unconvincing Bar Girls.
Remove the crank handle by loosening the small screw that holds it in place.
She is facing a separate trial on Nov. 29 on a charge of malicious wounding.
"You're doing about 35 miles an hour coming onto Fourth Avenue.
Recently the Hit Factory studio was used to record music for the new Disney film "Pocahontas," and musicians who played in the sessions say that the studios are comfortable and the sound is good.
Incentive for a Diploma Soon there will be a graduation ceremony at the New Bedford Courthouse for those in the class, who will be free as long as they meet their probation officer every two weeks.
Drama by Graham Reid about the romance of an elderly Catholic woman and a Protestant man in Northern Ireland.
A prosecutor in Salonika, Greece, recently filed criminal charges against two Russian-flag ships, the Dnieper I and the Dnieper II, charging that they arrived with a falsified transit document indicating that they were carrying a Hungarian cargo.
The flower show will be open to the public March 13 through March 21.
On the Commodity Exchange in New York, gold for December delivery closed at $377.20 an ounce, off 10 cents.
"It doesn't matter what I think."
Suburban Flight The areas targeted for hyper-growth are underused or rundown semi-industrial areas stalled by commercial indecision.
James W. Marion, manager of pager engineering at NEC's mobile radio division in Richardson, Tex., said the unit used the same zinc-air cell, made by Matsushita in Japan, as the Motorola Confidant.
"It is always possible that a firm like Wachtell is off the charts, but I am not sure anyone can still bill the way they did then," said John Coffee, a professor of securities law at the Columbia University Law School.
No grand alliance would be formed, Mr. Gates insisted.
Her work as a Fulbright scholar was finished, her bags packed for a Friday flight home to California, and now she was driving three black friends home for the last time.
And then, Mr. Maurel recalled, one might retire with a partner to a cabin, "a little squashed but pleasantly squashed," he said.
Souvenirs and Cannons Dozens of other sailors, working in the shadow of the turret of the Bezuderzhny's 130-millimeter cannon, were selling bits of their uniforms to tourists.
To the Editor: After reading James R. Kincaid's thoughtful review of Shelley Fisher Fishkin's "Was Huck Black?
SMALL pasta shapes combined with bite-size pieces of vegetables is one of those generic dishes that can use almost any assortment of vegetables and any small pasta that is readily available.
One of those six men is Gartner, who never played regularly on a Rangers' penalty-killing unit until Keenan arrived and decided to take advantage of Gartner's speed in that situation.
Perhaps the single greatest challenge for Roman Catholics in China today is adhering to the Vatican's ban on contraception and abortion.
The release of the documentary history of the cold war could help dispel a pervasive public belief that the Government has lied about matters ranging from the assassination of John F. Kennedy to prisoners of war in Vietnam to the existence of flying saucers.
"It appears that in some of the cases, medical examiners had already made preliminary determinations that deaths were caused by other than strangulation or asphyxiation," Mr. Sale said.
Dr. Hordinsky said that while many people were helped by a single product, others got the best relief by rotating antidandruff shampoos, using both over-the-counter and prescription products.
Some of us were going to be designers and work in Detroit and flesh out those drawings.
While he was in prison, his wife, Lori, and the three Milken children continued to live in their longtime home in the San Fernando Valley.
If both oocytes are fertilized and hatch, the chicks can survive and are the equivalent of fraternal twins in mammals, she said.
They're here because of what's been accomplished.
Rather, what activity does take place is motivated by established players wanting to get bigger and more diverse.
Five of the search warrants were for sites on Roosevelt Avenue, one on 88th Street, three on 89th Street and one on Britton Street.
But what if the engine were to die next week?
Mr. Guo fled to China from New York shortly after the shooting, F.B.I.
And in Janacek's powerfully moving Sonata "1.X.1905 (From the Street)," Mr. Firkusny simply has no peer, as he showed yet again.
Aggravated by Trade Figures The yen's appreciation began accelerating Wednesday, when Japan released trade figures showing its overall trade surplus had risen in July an unexpectedly sharp 28 percent from the year earlier and its surplus with the United States had jumped 23 percent.
Ms. Shepard declined requests to be interviewed, and a spokesman, Peter Benjaminson, said the agency would not discuss anything that people tell investigators in private.
Lieutenant Gierasch said that Mrs. Hughes's only comment while in the ambulance was that her husband had shot her.
BY MIDMORNING on that snowy winter day in the Red Lion conference room, it was clear to all the party's conservatives that their candidate was going to lose.
The coalition gained the votes it needed today after Mr. Hosokawa and the leader of another opposition party, Masayoshi Takemura, rejected a last plea by the Liberal Democrats to join them and allow the party to retain the power it has held since 1955.
The result is the happiest conjunction of styles, Gothic in the Calvary itself, fully Renaissance in the base, with the quality of both parts equally high.
Since no one person is world-famous, all are virtually ignored by foreign governments and press, neatly perpetuating oblivion.
"Minoxidil only works on a small number of people," the folder adds.
Morgan now has 1,100 workers in Delaware.
"I trust it is useful now."
At a news conference with President Clinton, Mr. Mitterrand said, "Perhaps they, the Japanese, are not paying sufficient regard in this respect to the importance of events taking place mainly in Europe."
Tommy killed a wood duck directly overhead.
Ed Reilly, a partner there, agreed.
"Many of these kids were born in our village and didn't see the outside world too much," Mr. Breier said.
Views From Book "When you analyze Janet's record, you have to take into account that she's never had the appropriate resources," said Jose Quinon, a former assistant state attorney under Ms. Reno who is now in private practice here.
The requirements would be voided, though, upon the E.P.A.
What no one disputes is that the phenomenon is growing and that, in Paris at least, the sight of homeless people sleeping in doorways no longer causes surprise.
"It would be extraordinary if somebody did something about it," said Thomas Johnson, 39, who has lived on Hinsdale Street for three years.
During the campaign, Mr. Clinton said he would quadruple to $4 billion the amount the Government spends on job training for welfare recipients and add $2 billion in tax credits for the working poor.
SAM REICH Scranton, Pa., June 7, 1993
The barges and their crews are having reunions of their own now.
"I didn't care about being a beauty," she said in an interview in 1975.
-------------------- Mad City Goes Bonkers MADISON, Wis., Dec. 5 (AP) -- Two police cars were damaged after thousands of Wisconsin football fans surged into the streets early today in a wild celebration of their team's Rose Bowl-clinching victory in Tokyo.
Mussina (9-3) hadn't lost in four games since giving up seven runs to the Brewers in three innings on May 21.
Ellen Galinsky and colleagues at the Families and Work Institute in New York had heard these alleged truisms lobbed around for years.
The new institution would be much more powerful than the GATT Secretariat is now, having the power to assess trade penalties against countries by a vote of two-thirds or three-quarters of the nations, whereas the Secretariat can act only when the members unanimously vote to do so -- something that is rare.
The portion of Mr. Hollings's amendment five years ago that would have prevented the F.C.C.
Native of Brooklyn Mr. Lincoln joined what is now Mudge, Rose, Guthrie, Alexander & Ferdon as a senior partner in 1966.
The new hall includes a copy of the Montreal Canadiens' dressing room, hockey's sanctum sanctorum, plus chairs from long-gone arenas like the Detroit Olympia and the old Madison Square Garden.
Actually, Americans have a fondness for all sorts of crooks - Jesse James, Willie Sutton, Bonnie and Clyde and, most recently, the possibly crooked Father Pat Moloney, an alleged accomplice in a big Brink's robbery.
Incredibly, both Governments continued to press for Mr. Demjanjuk's conviction, while Ukrainian-American critics of the process were assailed as Nazi sympathizers.
Tufts Chancellor Dies Dr. Jean Mayer, a leading nutritionist who led Tufts University for 16 years, suffered a heart attack.
"It made me want to see more films -- and to make films."
Dr. Feduccia, author of the definitive "The Age of Birds," noted that ostriches, kiwis and all other known flightless birds lost their essential flight apparatus, like the keeled breast bone, after they became flightless.
As it reorganized itself, Lexmark sharply pared some parts of the payroll, at the outset cutting it to 3,000 people, with the deepest cuts in the management ranks and manufacturing staff.
Although she relishes the exhilarating perspectives her job affords at 6,000 feet, Lavell finds herself grounded by the constraints of domestic life.
In an essay included with review cassettes, the Rev.
He founded Continental Machines Inc. and devised a metal-cutting band saw that became a standard tool in industry.
Y N Y Y Y 3.
Last fall, the Bush Administration made conciliatory gestures toward Vietnam after receiving what officials considered extraordinary assistance in identifying missing Americans.
Our great-great-grandparents routinely stopped performances and demanded that items be repeated; claques murmured praise or insults as music went along.
But I was so happy when I saw 'Liability Crisis.'
"The winning hospitals are transforming themselves into integrated delivery systems," said David Rey, a managing partner in San Francisco with the Arthur Andersen consulting firm.
Representative Richard A. Gephardt, the House majority leader, came off the fence when the deals were announced -- on the side of the free-trade pact's opponents.
The concert, which opens Carnegie Hall's season, will go on as scheduled if the contract is ratified.
In another action today, the Court agreed to decide the constitutionality of a tax that the State of New Hampshire imposed in 1991 on the Seabrook nuclear power plant.
And so, I just got in my mind that this child wants to read.
The United Kingdom and 17 other countries have each come up with a different coin.
From their winter quarters in Little Rock, they ran the worst transition in modern memory.
Iraq will play Iran on Oct. 22 and then meet Saudi Arabia two days later.
It also does a disservice to the Somalis who are struggling to rebuild their country.
A preview party for an antiques show will be held on Oct. 14, from 6:30 to 9:30 P.M., to benefit the Children's Hope Foundation, an organization for children with AIDS.
In Ms. Zarfes's case, health officials tested her two-bedroom apartment and found elevated levels of lead in the paint used in the molding around the windows and doors.
Lincoln invented the concept, which locks the doors when the car is moving, but Cadillac has one-upped it.
In fact, he thinks the whole thing is kind of funny.
"Because a lot of the professionals travel so much, they are only around for a couple of months of the year.
We stand at the end of the cold war and on the edge of the 21st century.
I'm just a country boy from Louisiana, but to my way of thinking when I say you have a deal, you have a deal."
Fewer than 3 percent of N.Y.S.E.
'Only Seconds to Change Sides' To Government forces ringing the White House, he called out, "You have only seconds to change sides and defect to the people."
A Simple Response In the Sunday game, which was played at Madison Square Garden, Kovalev approached Hunter from behind the Capitals' net and used his skate to kick Hunter's skates out from underneath him.
Mike Plant, the yachtsman who was lost at sea last fall on a solo transAtlantic crossing, had a foreign-made Epirb, but had failed to register it, so that his signal could not be identified, a slip-up that may have cost him his life.
The results of the extra work showed last night at Phoenix.
A knack for reinvention is characteristic of the whole diner industry, which began humbly enough in post-Civil War Rhode Island, where a Providence man, Walter Scott, started selling food from what was then called a night-lunch wagon.
This has New York public officials terrified.
Richards, which was awarded the account without a review, already handles two other Heileman accounts.
The province counts six million French-speakers and an English-speaking minority of 700,000.
and a smaller number of infected women so that nonoxynol-9's effects on the vagina could be assessed in both groups.
Comfort me and stay by my side.
At the time, Carpenter's ambitions were far from country's hearth.
A painful knee injury has him working odd jobs, off the books.
So about two to four months later, after the eye has fully healed and stabilized, the patient is fitted with standard eyeglasses to restore near-normal acuity.
Mr. Veneziano argued that when Dr. Hayat examined Ms. Rodriguez, he honestly believed her to be no more than 16 weeks, or less than four months, pregnant.
Mr. Khan heralded this as a seminal moment in jurisprudence.
As of last night, Kovalev, according to his agent, Martin Heller, had decided to honor his commitment to the Rangers and had departed for Binghamton.
So he sent releases to every newspaper editor he knew, with the graphics depicting Berlin after the war as the Germans had imagined it, and with the captions already written.
"The obits for Merck appear to have been premature."
Ice wine, a sweet dessert wine made of grapes left to freeze on the vine, is a specialty of Inniskillin and most other Niagara wineries.
Not letting up with the attack on the drug industry that he opened on Friday, Mr. Clinton asserted: "And I will say to the drug companies, the insurance companies and the others who profit from the status quo, they must join our cause to make comprehensive reforms in our medical care system."
Wrapped in Sheets At a news conference last night, Sergeant Hart of the South Windsor police said that the four appeared to have been shot at close range, all of them more than once.
Health officials this year have confirmed 1,550 cases of rabies in animals throughout the state, compared with 1,088 for all of 1992.
Thur., 7:30, "Abide With Me" Mormon hymn, "God So Loved the World" by Stainer, other works, choir and organ.
Last week photographers lay in wait for a glimpse of Leonard Stabb, an actor on the soap opera "Guiding Light," who was being treated here for serious head injuries from a hang-gliding accident.
College, Children, Then a Campaign Mrs. Whitman began her political career after graduating from Wheaton College in Massachusetts with a degree in government.
I'm not saying he copied me, but that we played similar defenses.
The water turns from mountain blue to jade green.
National Pizza, based in Pittsburg, Kan., said it would finance the acquisition through an existing line of credit.
The 1993 Biennial Exhibition at the Whitney Museum of American Art -- the country's pre-eminent survey of contemporary art, which opens this Thursday -- will include only 8 artists out of a total of 82 who are represented by paintings.
"We were going to run one play," he said, "and if we didn't get it in, then we were going to kill the clock and kick the field goal.
He has not returned there since.
The department has accused the eight largest United States airlines of using a computerized reservation system to fix air fares.
The apparent speed is a "projection effect" that arises when an object is moving almost directly toward or away from the Earth at a speed near that of light, theorists say.
"This was a blowout," said Abraham.
But most large investors have not taken the stand, she said, because they doubt that the market exacts a financial penalty on companies that suffer from a lack of diversity.
The Yankees scored a mere 28 runs in Perez's 16 losses last year and the nasty trend of non-support has crept into 1993.
And maybe I'll make my little mark on it."
That may be the case, Judge Pitts said.
But she has always carried herself well, with great presence.
During his speech, he hardly looks at the manuscript over which he has labored so hard.
CHILDHOOD: A Multicultural View, by Melvin Konner.
I look at this as a long-term effort."
On a windless, warm day that did nothing to thicken the relatively sparse rough bordering the fairways and greens, none of the leaders spoke of flawless ball-striking or brilliant putting.
A new electronic bulletin board service allows anyone with a computer and modem to scan a data base of more than 9,000 free maps and travel brochures and booklets.
But the facts of her previous life seep out very slowly, as she throws herself into the process of hitting bottom.
A total of 43 homes has been completed and sold since February.
Mr. Gallo and his brother Ernest -- his elder by one year and the chairman of the privately held winery, based in Modesto -- each amassed a personal fortune estimated in the hundreds of millions of dollars.
Mario M. Cuomo for imposing both budget cuts and tax increases that he said have had a disproportionate impact on the city.
The number for more details is 941-2416.
Jon Shure, Mr. Florio's spokesman, said the White House had never asked the Governor to intercede with Mr. Lautenberg and that the Governor had never expressed an opinion about the Senator's position.
We have to define exactly what we're talking about when we talk about the Guyland.
And yesterday, another big computer company, the Unisys Corporation, said it was eliminating its president's position as part of a reorganization.
"I'm having some problems with you," he says, mock threateningly.
"I see myself a telephone call away from a title shot," said Snipes.
On the surface, they were called to talk about the economy, which they said was slowly improving.
"We believe that we are in total compliance with the contracts," Mr. Knapp said.
headquarters in Detroit at 3 P.M. Monday.
The men captured by the police have admitted nothing.
In 1985, the museum broadcast 17 unseen "Honeymooners" sketches from "The Jackie Gleason Show," provided by Gleason from 75 sketches in his own vaults.
Mr. Landey and Mr. Hoyt prefer, not unexpectedly, to look ahead.
She graduated from Rollins College.
Similarly, also despite having the Conservative line, a Republican candidate for State Supreme Court, Donald DeRiggi, lost election by 7,099 votes.
By then the warnings were as loud as sirens outside his office window, but Mayor Dinkins seems not to have heard them.
It came in snowy speckles on the ceiling, surrounding a gleaming white mandala; it ran in chains of mellow cream and yellow across the balconies and down the side walls; it gave the boxes the look of a glistening spacecraft from "Close Encounters of the Third Kind" or a cluster of floating pods from "Star Wars."
But we are attracted to his promise "to give the American people a voice," because it is clear whom the people are going to sound like.
The Police Department has formed a special task force of detectives to fight the problem.
In Irvington, figures released by the Housing Implementation Commission showed that the village should contribute 25 affordable units to meet its responsibilities.
"And of these, many have a taste for the finer things in life."
The tuberculosis epidemic in New York City among the poor and people with H.I.V.
The Reds also sold second baseman BILL DORAN to the Milwaukee Brewers.
Tickets at $25 in advance or $30 on Friday include one admission to the antiques show.
"I would hope that we have leveled off and I have a hunch maybe we have."
The Treasury's schedule of financings this week is confined to the bills markets, beginning with today's regular weekly auction of new three- and six-month bills.
If Mr. Zhirinovsky's current lead holds up through the vote count, then his party will be entitled only to about 50 seats from the 225 chosen by proportional representation, plus any of its candidates who may have won in the single-member districts.
Richard O'Rorke, the former accounting and finance director, was named chief financial officer, North America.
No British 'Blank Check' "We have not signed a blank check," one British official said, "but I can say that any proposal that is put to us will be considered."
And I like to live on the edge.
W. S. Van Dyke, one of Metro-Goldwyn-Mayer's most versatile directors, persuaded studio executives to let him feature Miss Loy with Mr. Powell in a low-budget "B" movie, to be called "The Thin Man."
After they bought the Russian rights to "Scarlett" in early 1992, while the translator was still working on a Russian text, another translation was rushed into print illegally by about a dozen different publishing houses and sold two to three million copies.
The children's garden program for spring, which meets on Saturday mornings through June 26, starts April 3.
Beckett made one of two shots to give St. John's a 61-58 lead with 3:18 left.
"It doesn't mean a thing," he said.
Wednesday will mark the the first time that the Phillies will have been in first place on the first day of each month in a season.
Then it meant going to another apartment and doing roughly the same thing.
The doctor who performed the mammograms, Padma Ram, was charged in September 1991 with providing substandard breast X-rays in her internal medicine practice in Floral Park.
The Prime Minister still blames the military for the collapse of a brokered accord that was to have reinstated Father Aristide by Oct. 30.
It's not as if you can just wash the stuff off -- it's in the cells.
The Jews may have brought the secret of its production from Egypt in biblical times; for a long time they produced foie gras in Alsace.
In addition to her husband, she is survived by two daughters, Karen Ferguson of Washington and Denise Pavia of Manhattan, and a grandson.
"We always took the approach that people with AIDS were protected based on laws prohibiting discrimination against people with disabilities," Mr. Jedrziewski said.
If that is the case, he might require surgery, meaning a lengthy absence.
The Ulster settlement became the British style in the New World.
He also said the police had found no connection among the victims -- two black men and two white women -- and no apparent connection between the victims and their attackers.
"He belongs to his family."
One I've never seen but love to imagine is that of Benedictine nuns in the Dakotas in the days before Vatican II, when many of them worked in elementary schools, beating their black serge habits on snowbanks to get the dust out.
The best American handmade quilts have 10 to 12 stitches per inch; some imports from China have only 4.
If he was not one of the pioneers of British ballet, he certainly widened its scope; he developed both the dramatic side of contemporary classicism and the genre of evening- long narrative works ("Romeo and Juliet," "Manon," "Mayerling," "Isadora," "The Prince of the Pagodas") that made him a major 20th-century choreographer.
The President acceded to their request, and was widely criticized for buckling under even though he said then that he would return to the issue with an administrative order.
There will also be changes in the way the I.R.S.
Outside, two policemen sit in a patrol car, the engine idling, part of the force that is routinely stationed near bars on weekends.
"We could have buried them there, sent them to the showers, but we didn't," said Healy.
If Procter & Gamble can give some folks a little help with a calcium-fortified punch, more power to them.
By 1992, Mr. Hoffenberg's lawyers were fighting regulatory brush fires almost everywhere they turned.
Dave Beck, one of the most powerful and outspoken labor leaders spanning the middle of this century and the first of a series of teamster presidents to go to prison in the 1960's, died on Sunday in Northwest Hospital in Seattle.
The shoes on Metro North trains connect to the bottom of the rail.
But even with the Defense Minister solidly in Mr. Yeltsin's camp, there was an obvious reluctance to use the military because of concern that this could precipitate a civil war.
Paul VI, Pope from 1963 to 1978, was no friend of American capitalism or of multinational corporations, and John Paul II, at that point, was advocating (with his Polish homeland very much in mind) a modified form of socialism: workers sharing in the ownership of productive means while state planners insure a just distribution of goods and services.
While I am proud of our country's status as a nation of immigrants, there comes a time which our resources become limited and we cannot expect to receive all of those driven by economics and population pressures out of their countries.
That delicate balance is central to the key issue being debated by the Legislature.
EMPIRE STATE QUALIFIER RACEWALK RELAY, Central Park.
Among Treasury notes, the 5 3/4 percent 10-year notes were offered at a price of 10414/32 , up 10/32 , to yield 5.16 percent.
Hampton has a contract but would like to renegotiate.
Promising candidates then undergo tests in cell culture and animals.
On his swing and miss: "I missed it by five feet."
While Mizrahi has attended many sales, the speed and subtlety of the bidding process still unnerve him.
"She was one happy camper on the ice.
At the same time, there's a subtle anxiety.
James has already sneaked into the stadium once, climbing all the way up to the press box to watch a scrimmage last week.
About 10 percent of the nation's teachers are from minorities.
When a parent's gone, all that information that could be used to help that person is just gone.
The bank, a unit of the American Express Company, said the settlement involved American Express Bank International of Los Angeles, which it acquired in 1984.
Their opponents are not above overstating the case either.
Officials said that interest among the World Trade Center tenants in both of the government loan programs was likely to grow, because of the new assessment that the center's twin towers will be closed for up to a month.
Her new store is called Inside Out, because that is how Zina Glazebrook says she was feeling when she moved to the East End of Long Island a few years ago.
The one member of the cast who earns a spontaneous smile is Aimee Graham, as the young local woman who delivers a pizza to Mr. Cage in the middle of the ersatz hostage crisis and is dazzled by his celebrity.
No Student Was Touched Students were asked to remove their shoes and to empty their pockets, he said.
Mr. Steinkuhler said "power-hungry" employers were picking on eastern Germany first in a campaign to weaken and demoralize unions because of the region's vulnerability as an area of high unemployment.
Already Mr. Dinkins's rivals have exploited his frayed relationship with a predominantly white police force that is widely distrusted by black and Hispanic citizens.
The bills are forwarded to Empire, which sends them on to A.T.& T. After the lawsuit was filed, the Illinois, Michigan and Arizona organizations also agreed to allow A.T.& T. auditors to examine their books, Mr. Stinson said, and negotiations are under way with the Ohio and Pennsylvania organizations.
Now China has two million shareholders, with the number growing by about 50,000 a week.
It goes: "The documents accompanying this telecopy transmission may contain confidential information belonging to the sender which [ sic ] is legally privileged.
The World Series has always been for champions.
Mr. de Klerk referred to the "lunatic fringes" on the left and right in South Africa, and Mr. Mandela, answering a question during an appearance at the Freedom Forum in Arlington, Va., sharply upbraided the leader of the Inkatha Freedom Party, Mangosuthu Buthelezi, an influential Zulu leader who prefers a federation to the unified state supported by Mr. Mandela.
Information International said that the latest fiscal year included a charge of about $ 2 million for patent litigation and ''substantial costs related to three acquisitions.
The improved quality of American cars and the widening price difference, combined with a sense that buying American supports the domestic economy, is starting to coax Americans out of Japanese cars and into Detroit's products.
And while definitions are imprecise, Israeli leftists generally favor concessions and rightists say no, whether out of security concerns or religious convictions that God promised those lands to the Jewish people.
A really old diner -- the kind with an open kitchen you can see from your counter stool -- allows you to watch meals being cooked and assembled, so you can see for yourself what's appetizing.
The Secretary asked for the resignation of the authority's director and its board of commissioners, arguing that they had "failed their responsibility to create a safe and secure environment for all people."
The journey will take her 60-foot sailboat, Ecureuil Poitou-Charentes II, around South America's Cape Horn.
Peel potatoes, and rinse well.
After heated argument, the United Nations in 1952 awarded Eritrea to Ethiopia as part of a federation.
"If we're not on the cutting edge, we're going to be under it."
Mr. Salema has maintained that he had no knowledge or control of Armacon's business dealings after he rejoined Mr. Florio's staff in 1990, shortly after the firm was founded.
"I adore relationships," she said, "like a political cartoonist adores politicians when they make grievous mistakes.
"The brothers were not close, but the wife wanted Alan Harris to know that his brother was dying of cancer."
He was married for nearly 36 years to the former Helen Armstrong, who died in 1965.
Like her predecessors, she moved into offices at Board of Education headquarters in Brooklyn Heights, rather than at her division's headquarters in Long Island City.
Michael Donato, who was the artist on the film, will be present with some of his original drawings, and will demonstrate how they are done.
Great Roles for Women Ms. Steel said she had thought repeatedly about why Hollywood made films years back with great female stars, like Bette Davis or Joan Crawford or Barbara Stanwyck, and why those roles are rarely available today.
"Every once in a while you'd like them to call and say, 'Guys, here's the agenda.'
A theatrical conceit is immediately and brilliantly established: The feathers, occasionally blown about by a breeze if not a wind, descend as if they always have and always will, evoking a sense of time past and of continuity.
Relentless River The Mississippi River, swollen from days of heavy rain, still held its own.
What is racking New London now is the certainty that nothing about this place, from the good union jobs and benefits in the weapons plants to the culture of life under the military umbrella, can be counted on to be the same, or even recognizable, by mid-decade.
They increase empathy, without which no being is truly human."
This will be especially necessary in the coming months as Mr. Clinton negotiates a path through a raft of foreign and domestic policy issues.
The Hewlett-Packard Company's new Laserjet 4L personal laser printer, for DOS and Windows computers, is better and cheaper than its popular predecessor, the Laserjet IIP.
The state chapter of the National Organization for Women today "recommended" Christine Todd Whitman, a Republican, to become New Jersey's next governor.
They just oppose rich people paying taxes."
"But the state does not execute child molesters and these defendants cannot execute them either."
The coaching staff and management have shown they will leave no stone unturned in building bridges to another Super Bowl.
The disclosure of the appeal comes two days before Mr. Rabin is to meet Mr. Clinton at the White House.
"If you're the champ, and you're confident, and you don't have nothing to worry about, you don't have to talk," said Knicks forward Anthony Mason after today's practice and before the team left for Chicago.
The Move Into Chile Chile is a good example of heightened investment by consumer-product and technology companies.
Though the declared readiness to negotiate was a departure from Mr. Yeltsin's earlier insistence that there was nothing to talk about with a Parliament that he has declared defunct, the President still gave no indication that he was prepared to back down from the ban on the legislature or retreat from his call for separate elections for a new Parliament in December, and for President in June.
Yet sadly, the thugs can now claim a political victory.
A report about the meeting appears today on page A16.
The decor for the benefit will be an extension of the exhibit.
But instead of putting fires out, he often tosses hand grenades into them.
The complete fair, including the 4-H division, will be open on Friday and Saturday from 10 A.M. to 11 P.M. and Sunday from 10 A.M. to 9 P.M.
"Quite apart from not wanting to have my publisher bring out another book on Picasso while my own book is still selling, I think that both of us would look foolish," Mr. Richardson said in an indignant letter to Mr. Epstein in November in which he curtly called Mr. Mailer's book a "scissors-and-paste job."
The one area in which laser disks do have superiority is in their presentation of movies in combination with impressive, scholarly footnotes, as opposed to the kind of not-so-hard copy that entertainment magazines deal in.
"Overblown nationally," the coach said before he sent Barkley, aching back and all, after the Knicks last night at Madison Square Garden, in what the N.B.A.
The right-hander struck out six and allowed only six hits, and he kept a serene Shea perfectly silent.
There was Elizabeth Taylor, escaping through a back exit with her latest husband.
Hands Over Head The hijacker, called "Jack" by the negotiators, had promised to give up and harm no one once on American soil, officials said, and he was calm and cooperative in the final cockpit radio talk with the lead negotiator, Detective Dominick J. Misino, who was in a van with sophisticated communications equipment, parked behind a runway blast shield nearby.
In addition to its three executive parks, the company owns two office buildings in Tarrytown and just under a million square feet of office space in downtown White Plains.
Mr. Lin and five others were arrested at the George Washington Bridge after they were seen fleeing in a van.
But the average warning time is still only 19 minutes, and many tornadoes cannot be detected at all until they hit the ground, meaning that the first warning is an old-fashioned one: a human being sees it and yells.
But even as the immediate crisis lifted, it was evident that the confrontation was far from over.
Leaders of the African National Congress find this kind of proposal condescending.
The Dallas Morning News has reported that law-enforcement officials who introduced eavesdropping devices into the compound heard cult members talk of setting a fire.
The legislation transforming the Presidio into a national park forbids a park fee to be charged.
... "If we are entering into a, a new chapter in American society's being ... as a society we're going to have to start thinking about things like access to weapons and explosives and guns and things of that sort with a more focused attention than perhaps we have in the past."
Gibbs's team went 10-8 last season, losing in the second round of the playoffs to San Francisco, but many believe it was his best coaching job.
I don't want to spend my 40's so isolated.
Yesterday, Abraham said: "Our talks are continuing.
His lyrics pin down emotions, from affection to resignation to defiance, with basic language; his raw-throated singing makes every word sound heartfelt.
These volumes demonstrate the central role that gluttony plays in mob life.
The described it as family oriented and generally quiet, a building of older people, young families and artists, where everyone knew everyone else.
The infield for the Mets, a militarized zone of warring incompetence, was taken out of the game.
The foundation is now on the second phase of the research project, the development of new real-estate methods and strategies.
American depository receipts of L.M.
Many of those lawmakers and community leaders packed a Senate hearing room today, consoling each other when their base lost or celebrating when their installation was spared.
Less didactic and object-oriented pieces by Bruce Chao and Mary Shaffer feel closer in spirit to the interactive multi-media environments of the 1970's.
Tradition survives only when succeeding generations are there to take care of it.
It began as a balmy spring afternoon, so fine that the temptation to shed jackets and backpacks and shoot hoops was irresistible.
Yuli M. Vorontsov, Russia's delegate to the United Nations, said, "We will all lean on all the parties now.
Based on the same Hungarian play that inspired Ernst Lubitsch's Hollywood comedy "The Shop Around the Corner," the musical is about the lovelorn clerks in a Budapest parfumerie.
Only once before have Serbian commanders given up territory to the United Nations, when they ceded to intense pressure in June 1992 and handed over control of Sarajevo airport, which they had occupied since the start of the war, to allow relief flights to begin.
Tia Carrere Cheryl Lynn Austin .
Reporters "were confronting their fears out on the street and a lot of difficult personal things here in the office," he said.
They went through all the balls in the ball court numerous times, and only three players even hit the rim.
And it is distasteful to watch history repeat itself, to watch the President appoint an able and intelligent woman, stand by her, back off from her, eventually dump her.
Because he started late, too few voters know his name -- even The Philadelphia Inquirer called him Wallworth in a headline -- and conservatives fear he cannot win in November.
Disruptions and Eruptions A delay would disrupt the lives of hundreds of thousands of families, teachers and others who make their plans around the first day of school.
The EDS Corporation, the computer services concern owned by the General Motors Corporation, reported record earnings and revenue for the fourth quarter and year, surpassing $8 billion in annual revenue for the first time.
Fourteen years later, ESPN (which will not be renamed ESPN1) has set a standard for televising sports like college basketball and auto racing, for daily news-and-highlights programs, for coverage of events like the Mike Tyson trial and for its documentaries.
But Mr. Reid says Living Colour is not trying to turn people around politically.
"Congress must take the lead, not play games with numbers."
But Mr. Quayle's former spokesman, David Beckwith, said he was "dumbfounded" to learn of the discussions.
John Gustavsen, a Travelers spokesman, said no policyholders up for renewal would have their coverage halted until July 1994.
"You think about that when you come home, knowing what you do is appreciated."
Later, when some black students angered by Mr. Pavlik's opinions confiscated the entire 14,000-copy run of the newspaper, no action was taken against them by Penn.
But as they warmed up, they also reflected the kind of caution a Japanese auto executive might project if he found himself drinking boilermakers with the guys and gals from River Rouge.
Erie Mills's model for Atalanta must have been Gracie Allen: she seemed ditsy rather than scheming, and she sang her music smoothly.
As the project grew, Mr. Schwartz, who is now known widely as the Bookman, began requiring that donations be 100 books or more before he will do a pickup.
"How you use it after you get it matters," said R. Barry Deickler, president of the Metro Area Real Estate Exchange Network in Bedford, N.Y., which helps arrange tax-deferred exchanges.
As earlier in the week, there was selling of intermediate Treasury securities because investors feared the proposal would make banks sell some of the billions of these securities they hold.
Mario M. Cuomo's proposal to let counties finance schools with income rather than property taxes is a response to an outcry in many communities over property taxes that have continued to rise, sometimes sharply, even during the economic downturn.
It is true that the annual take of French movies in the United States, about $25 million, is outgunned in a weekend by a "Jurassic Park."
"There's a growing realization that an M.B.A. is not a ticket to the gravy train," said Charles Hickman, director of projects and services for the American Assembly of Collegiate Schools of Business in St. Louis, which accredits graduate schools of business.
President Boris N. Yeltsin ordered tanks and armored personnel carriers early today to oust armed rebels from their heavily fortified Parliament center, and heavy gunfire echoed through the city as the final showdown opened between the President and his unyielding Communist and nationalist foes.
At Mr. Bentsen's confirmation hearing this week, where Senators from both parties praised their colleague, these issues were not discussed.
And I don't want to move out.
Heat a grill, preferably using hardwood.
"We even had real hip plays, like 'West Side Story,' 'Fiddler on the Roof,' " she said.
Even then, however, Santa Claus retained power over me.
A4 CAUTIONARY TALE FOR HONG KONG Weihai, once a British enclave just like Hong Kong, was returned to China in 1930 -- with assurances similar to those that Hong Kong is now getting.
* "Bleak House" by Charles Dickens (Penguin Press, $6.95).
Dannie M. Martin: Just say no to informer testimony.
They won a grant to keep the computer lab open through the summer.
It has four years to recover from Jordan, to sell new stars, or await the next Jordan.
After he failed to finish last year's Tour de France, LeMond changed his pre-race preparation by cutting down his activities without any result.
It occupies what used to be the campus of Bishop College, which in the 1980's became the only United Negro College Fund institution in the fund's 48 years that had to shut down because of financial problems.
Recommended dishes: Potato napoleon with crab meat and mint, ravioli of shrimp with tomato coulis, seared roulade of smoked salmon with goat cheese, veal medallions with duck confit, roast baby chicken with herb butter and garlic, rack of lamb, Muscovy duck breast with red wine sauce and figs, fruit tart, napoleon of berries, tarte Tatin.
The Battery Park City Owners Association, however, has come out against building subsididized apartments, saying it would lower the value of existing units.
The Pine Barrens are in the towns of Brookhaven, Riverhead and Southampton.
Carol Tucker Foreman, an Assistant Secretary of Agriculture in the Carter Administration who has long advocated labeling for meat and poultry, praised the plan but said she was concerned about the cooking instructions on the labels.
If you wanted to play, you had to play D." Withstanding Adversity There were at least three crisis points during the season, when the Knicks had a choice of either dividing or coming together.
It's another for some of the society's several dozen identical Civil War cannonballs to find homes in other museums.
Unfortunately, a look at the map of southern South America on page 183 of the current issue shows that your exact requirements cannot be met.
But it is unlikely that anyone will have to answer for the death of Kwame M. Sharif because prosecutors cannot find any state law that was violated and in any case it is unclear who buried the debris here.
"Conventional chemotherapy had not helped, and cancer was going to win" without the transplant, she said.
But again, there is no recrimination, no finger pointing.
And this worries not only Muslims, but every Indian who has grown up believing in pluralism and unity in diversity.
THE Connecticut Early Music Festival celebrates its 12th season with a dozen concerts in eight locations, and an expansion of the term early music to encompass songs of Stephen Foster, even works for period instruments by seven contemporary composers.
"The problem is the Justice Department suit doesn't give enough emphasis to the fact that consumers want flexibility when purchasing airline tickets," said Cornish Hitchcock, an aviation specialist with Public Citizen, the consumer advocates group founded by Ralph Nader.
The suit contends that the agreement with the Unification Church group, the Professors World Peace Academy, violates the private university's charter and state laws governing nonprofit institutions.
While looking into the car, Officer Dalton said, "I observed the butt of a gun on the floor, sticking between the passenger" Orson Grosse's feet.
The Finance Ministry warns that the two Korean currencies should be unified gradually, making sure that exchange rates are set at a level that does not overvalue the North Korean currency.
After receiving negative responses from more than 60 companies, Mr. Watson last week signed an exclusive licensing agreement with the Pellerin Milnor Corporation, a textile-manufacturing concern in Kenner, La.
Saying they were starved for local news, sports columns, comic strips, job advertisements, movie listings and obituary notices, Pittsburgh residents lined up in the bitter cold outside news vendors this morning to buy the first copies of The Pittsburgh Post-Gazette to roll off the presses in eight months.
But legal experts say that either strategy holds pitfalls for the prosecutors, in part because, after presenting their case, they must leave the room for the grand jury's deliberations.
Both former investigators are expected to testify.
It was bad enough, traditional agencies have growled, that a Hollywood talent agency wrested creative control over the Coke brand's 1993 global advertising campaign from McCann-Erickson Worldwide, its longtime shop.
The Indian Defense Ministry said the ship was on fire but still afloat off the southern Indian port of Madras.
"There is still concern over Iraq and the Bosnian minister."
That means $400 to $500 for jackets.
Trying to Reconcile Bills While Mr. Weisbrod said some abuses had occurred, he insisted that New York City's development efforts had never come under criticism, and expressed the hope that the Legislature would use "a scalpel, not an atom bomb" to correct problems.
Miller took a pass at center ice from Craig Janney, faked Terreri aside and scored.
Mining at the Landfill While most cities are struggling to recycle trash, Lancaster, Pa., has decided to mine its garbage and burn it to create electricity.
Using a physician-managed process, Cost Care and a coalition of mid-size insurance companies have set up a network of more than 2,100 specialists and 20 hospitals in New York City and Long Island, to be expanded to northern New Jersey and southern Connecticut by September.
The next year, his effort to buy T.W.A.
They bought the fake geraniums for the new window boxes.
The Bears allowed 26 points versus the Giants in a season-opening loss.
Instead some are turning to vision quests, trips into the wilderness to commune with themselves and nature, or using sweat lodges, where the heat is used as part of a purification ritual.
After the first, a call back for an out-of-town production of Jon Robin Baitz's "Substance of Fire," he felt energized.
Specialties include fresh fish, baked or broiled; clam and fish chowders, oysters and raw or steamed clams.
He was beaten 32 percent to 68 percent; Mr. Gorski even beat the Mayor by a 2-to-1 margin in Buffalo.
The center, which is part of the Foundations of the Milken Families, has given $3 million for school programs, fund-raising workshops and seminars for administrators.
"Now they even charge for carrying the blood."
Belt Jr., an associate professor of geology at St. Louis University, studied the last great flood that occurred here in 1973, and concluded that the levees pushed the flood waters eight feet higher than they would have been if there had been no levees.
But few economists believe the common currency will last long, and if it disappears, the effects could ripple through both countries.
The policy banning gays from the military is unconstitutional."
Just as the Kings' right wing Dave Taylor hopped the boards, he was greeted, mid-ice, with the puck.
3 3 37 HARVEY PENICK'S LITTLE RED BOOK, by Harvey Penick with Bud Shrake.
The group is suing the country's leading cigarette makers and other tobacco companies, contending that exposure to cigarette smoking in flight caused their illnesses and deaths.
Still other signs were that Archeopteryx had a wishbone where powerful pectoral muscles needed for flapping wings could be attached.
His mother, Iris Stenzler, is a teacher at Public School 178 in the Bronx.
As always, estimates of billings varied widely -- from $15 million or $18 million to as high as $25 million or $30 million.
This film is rated PG-13.
Mrs. Whitman also said her brother, Webster B.
'A Major Impact' "This landmark decision will have a major impact on asbestos litigation and will affect manufacturers and insurers who face massive liability for asbestos-related injury claims," said Stephen Marshall, who represented the asbestos manufacturer in the case.
"I hope we'll be able to zero in on it," Pound said.
Graduates now hold positions in universities all over the continent, as well as in many branches of the Mexican Government.
But he said he was open to any potential buyer who would like to enter the fray.
"The other is below the political: meeting small groups concerned with community self-development.
So full-time employment, as the discounters define it, has risen to between 60 percent and 70 percent of all employees at companies like Wal-Mart, Kmart and Target, from 50 percent five years ago.
"I'll never forget about what he's done, and what he will do again, perhaps."
Mr. Nunn said he had seen little so far in the compromise talks that would tempt him to switch his vote.
Yet today the two teams put on a torrid first-half scoring display in which the lead changed hands four times.
"Less than 3 percent of the water in the reservoir lands from the sky," Ms. Marx said.
I don't think celebrations have been excessive.
It has won 20 awards, including the Caldecott Medal.
It is a weird explanation for an introduction to foreign affairs.
The Court today complied with that request, leaving intact the part that requires the Navy to reinstate Mr. Meinhold and bars any adverse action against him.
Perhaps he'll never be through with it.
College Bowl," the quiz show broadcast Sunday evenings on NBC from 1959 to 1970, pitting teams of students against each other from colleges around the nation.
Most residents at the shelter -- which can house more than 100 people and currently has about 50 -- rarely venture into the neighborhood except to attend Friday services at a local mosque.
BRETT HULL of the St. Louis Blues polled the most votes for the third consecutive year in the final results of the National Hockey League All-Star voting announced yesterday.
"There is no new news here," said Robert P. Wayman, executive vice president and chief financial officer of Hewlett, said yesterday in a telephone interview.
Carroll A. Campbell Jr. of South Carolina, say that the party must develop welfare and crime and education programs modeled after those of the states.
15 13 35 BANKRUPTCY 1995, by Harry E. Figgie Jr. with Gerald J. Swanson.
Richard J. Koehler, a professor of criminal justice at John Jay College and former Commissioner of Corrections in New York City, who was hired as an analyst by the commission, said yesterday that Staten Island would pay far more to continue using the New York City academy that it would to create its own school.
In London, the British pound was quoted at $1.5110, up from $1.5080 late Friday.
Series of Breakthroughs The breakthroughs began with the dawn of this decade, as scientists in disparate fields realized they were all working on the same problem.
Except for the toe shoes of the women in the corps de ballet, the show is pointless.
Nancy, who graduated fifth in a class of 88 students and plans to study biology at Cornell University, also criticized fellow Asian students for "only staying with their own kind."
Wine: Small but very good list with some excellent choices from $20 to $30.
*The market at Grand Street and Broadway in SoHo is just 18 months old, but it is already a vital stop on the weekend flea-market trail.
Confusion Over Restrictions Staff members of the House Foreign Affairs Committee said they had asked the State Department for a briefing because they were unsure what high-technology equipment was covered by the sanctions.
A1 CLINTON, NIXON AND YELTSIN As political odd couples go, Bill Clinton and Richard Nixon surely rank with the oddest.
The company also makes custom shades, both fabric-covered soft shades and hard shades, the owner, Stanley Meyer, said.
5-Year Stall Predicted And because the Pittsburgh region has the nation's second-oldest population of any in the country, after Miami, economists predict that the elderly's need for health care here will continue to rise slowly through the year 2030, even as Pittsburgh's population declines.
Made-for-TV-Movie Action Goes Cable Productions like "Barbarians at the Gate" and "The Positively True Adventures of the Alleged Texas Cheerleader-Murdering Mom" left the commercial networks empty-handed and red-faced in this year's Emmy best-movie nominations.
), accompanied by al dente haricots verts and sculptured miniature carrots.
Editorials/Op-Ed A14-15 Editorials Proliferation policy.
The booklet is available free of charge from the Irish Tourist Board, 757 Third Avenue, New York, N.Y. 10018; (212) 418-0800.
Revenues dipped 1.4 percent, to $4.31 billion.
"One of our biggest problems last year was long-range shooting.
Chemtrak, a manufacturer of disposable medical tests, had revenues of $1.8 million in last year's third quarter.
Vasodilators are also used to stretch the arteries and reduce blood pressure, decreasing the resistance against which the heart must pump.
While the killing was a rare event, as killings of children by children are virtually unheard of in Britain, the horror of his abduction from a Liverpool shopping mall followed by the discovery two days later of his disfigured body had a stunning effect.
With an estimated 4 to 6 percent of gamblers measured by specialists as compulsive -- virtually deranged in their craving to gamble at any cost -- Mr. Fogel finds no shortage of clients.
In London, Mr. Rifkind also said the West, before deciding to use military force, should wait to see how the cease-fire holds and assess the effect of Belgrade's decision to cut off vital supplies to Bosnian Serbs.
Both the Florio administration and the Republicans who control the Legislature are counting on increased revenue growth, projected at $700 million next year, to help ease the problem.
The emphasis now is on reduction and recycling, rather than burning or burying.
THE Clinton Administration is about to announce its plan for reducing the United States' emissions of heat-trapping gases like carbon dioxide, in accordance with the treaty it signed at last year's Earth Summit in Rio de Janeiro.
A7 BOMBING THREAT GROWS BOLDER A NATO threat to launch air strikes against Serbian forces in Bosnia was further bolstered by a United States announcement that bombing would begin if the siege did not end by early next week.
For a few days after this episode, I took a cab to work.
Among the notable successes is Maryland's decade-old effort to slow increases in hospital costs.
But more often there's real damage -- enough so that women emboldened by cases like Anita Hill's are finally stepping forward.
The program was part of the Celebrate Brooklyn series of dance, music and theater performances, which continues through Aug. 29.
"Maybe the King himself will come back and ask to buy it."
But the African elephant, the largest living land animal, standing 10 to 13 feet and weighing more than 8 tons, needs 14 years to reach breeding age.
"I'd read a book about how you set a table.
3 49 THE JOY LUCK CLUB, by Amy Tan.
In each crowd scene one not only hunts for Wallace but other recognizable characters who keep showing up.
(A number of images lampoon Goring as the mastermind behind the Reichstag fire.)
Brawny superheroes are nowhere to be found in Mr. Laird's stories.
The lenders will hire a separate contractor to sell the products.
"It is my understanding that the decision was made based on striving to end inefficiency and mismanagement," he said at a photo session.
And then one day your best friend from college, the one your kids adore, comes out to you.
"But then suddenly the sirens started blaring and they were saying we had to go right away.
Dr. Sharan, now 36, said he had no recollection of events after he left the office around midnight.
'Realm We Just Don't Think About' Integrated pest management systems are in use in a few Westchester school districts, including Hendrick Hudson, Ossining and Croton.
Mr. Davidson, who is completing a book on Central Park and previously published one on the subways, wants his students to use the city as a laboratory.
In early March, pregnant females migrate up from central Mexico to raise their young, which are born in June.
Maintaining jobs and the specialized technology reinforces this need.
Five to six months later, Jackson admits he was running and playing with his children.
As supported by Mr. McNally's lines -- "I'm not a stupid man," he says credibly -- Mr.
To the Editor: The debate on immigration seems to focus almost exclusively on its impact on jobs and wages.
The intricacies of budget politics are most evident in the all-out effort by Texas and Louisiana to save the superconducting supercollider.
"Every fatality is tragic, but when it's children there's something different," Mr. Burbank said.
All of this is expanded beyond a nature-documentary's interest level by the skillful way in which the animal actors are filmed and edited, so that their behavior and dialogue seem truly connected.
The plan, involving bundling city liens on tax-delinquent property to draw investors, required special legislation.
This last factor leads to his recommendations that the Johnson-era Chapter I program (originally Title I of the Elementary and Secondary Education Act) should refocus itself and become the school-age version of Head Start, which should itself be more adequately financed.
Private foundations and some states provide money for AIDS research, but in amounts far smaller than the Federal outlays.
But wall moldings and ceiling detail had been stripped away in the original conversion.
With the lack of predators -- both four and two-legged -- deer in Islip are older than those in other areas.
This year, it appears to be extremely tentative.
Even in dry weather the sound of flowing water can be heard.
(Ten selections by de Greef are on Simax, four of the best on Pearl.)
Tribute to Monk Anthony Davis, Brooklyn Museum, 200 Eastern Parkway, at Prospect Park, (718) 638-5000.
But because of what happened in 1980, it opened people's eyes to how good American collegians could be."
The Red Sox are off to their best start in 38 years with a 6-2 record.
"I don't see any cause for concern."
He was jacketless, his blue shirt drenched in perspiration, as he plunged into the crowd with Mayor Dinkins in tow.
LTV Corp., $1.9 billion, 40 percent.
However many troops the Russians have here, though, it is too many for the new Latvian Government.
People can rise in a way they couldn't have 50 years ago.
Every bit as winning was an audaciously simple dish: marinated and grilled chicken -- crisp skin and moist meat resonated with the aroma of garlic and fresh rosemary -- a perfect complement to its wild-rice salad, roasted garlic cloves and rosemary essence.
With a treasure hunt in the exhibition "Gods, Guardians and Lovers."
And while both sexes have flowers, only the females develop a beautiful fruit or berries whose colors include classic Christmas red as well as black, yellow and white.
Or is it, in many cases, that we raise our children with unrealistic expectations of eternal youth, wealth, health and love?
coach near the end of the train.
The cottages have electricity; the tents have lanterns.
One dean said it would produce students "who shall be safe for democracy."
"The results of this new study mean that for physicians who feel that a child should be treated, they can be comfortable with a treatment that doesn't appear to cause harm," Dr. Hirtz said in an interview, "However, I don't think that this means that all children should be treated, by any means."
He suggested that Democratic leaders like Mr. Norman find his ambition too robust.
But more and more traders believe the Bundesbank may begin to favor swifter easings as a way to stimulate the economy.
Housing starts, a key indicator of lumber consumption, rose a disappointing 2.5 percent in February.
Yes, there are black faces in the Cabinet.
I asked his wife, Jeanne, how he managed to cram so much meaningful actvity into a single day, and she said, "Arthur never wasted time."
In this second wave of voucher privatization, Mr. Keis has until early February to decide whether to use the 1,000 points contained in his voucher booklet by bidding for shares in companies being privatized or give the points to mutual funds for investment.
Mr. Hinckley, who used an outdated driver's license as proof of residence, had recently been arrested for trying to carry a shotgun aboard an airliner.
His father, James, had planted them for his father, Joshua A., on 40 acres the forester had bought for $280 in 1929.
(Why the "B" is upper case and the "c" is lower is anyone's guess.)
To the Editor: I don't know if anyone is still afraid of Virginia Woolf, but it is amply clear from the scurrilous little exercise in abuse that passes as Walter Kendrick's review of "The Devil at Large" (Feb. 14) that Mr. Kendrick is still afraid of Erica Jong.
The panel recommended last July that a science director be appointed.
And the city is under excruciating pressure to slow the flow of homeless families into its overburdened shelter system.
If the shooter leaves the circle, another turn is not allowed.
In resigning last week, amid widespread talk that he had lost the confidence of the President, Mr. Aspin cited personal reasons.
An Ever-Rotating Collection Mr. Saatchi's London-based advertising agency, Saatchi & Saatchi, founded with his brother, Maurice, has reported losses for the last two years.
Mr. Barenboim doesn't seem to take his performing skills that seriously, much to Schubert's advantage.
Among the stocks leading the trading today were computers and semiconductors.
's good-manufacturing-practice regulations, resulting in numerous product recalls and five safety alerts."
"This elevator is for members only," the woman running the elevator repeated, even more coldly.
According to court documents, one of the experts with doubts about the restoration, Ernst van de Wetering, a professor at the University of Amsterdam, a member of the Rembrandt Research Project and among those being sued, accused Mr. Goldreyer "of having used a paint roller to cover the canvas, instead of repainting the slashes with two million red dots of paint, and called him a fraud who fooled the Stedelijk Museum in a shameless manner."
The Alonisos ship may have been as much as 85 feet long and 35 feet wide.
John Shea Cat Grant .
His invoking of a high political standard bore fruit with some in the hotel ballroom as he conceded.
The draft, in fact, contains strong restatements of many traditional teachings "Because we live with the continuing presence of sin, we need reliable sexual boundaries," it declares.
Although typically grouped with the Abstract Expressionists of the postwar era, the show drives home the fact that he began welding metal sculptures in the 1930's, and that these must be counted among his finest creations.
In "The Front Page" (1931), the granddaddy of all press films (based on Charles MacArthur and Ben Hecht's 1928 play of the same name), a glib Chicago reporter, Hildy Johnson (Pat O'Brien), carps about the newspaper "racket" but realizes that he's hooked on the kind of job that lets him have his kicks and read it, too.
There is nothing fussy about Ms. Toledo's work, and that is why in Paris she is a welcome respite from the obligatory froufrou on so many runways.
"You would expect them to take some profit," he said.
"I don't know whether being a good lawyer translates into being a good mayor," Mr. Tyler said last week.
And we hear a fair dollop of apothegms: "A man makes a living by what he gets; he makes a life by what he gives."
That was years before Father gave her up with her name, years before her name grew to mean Promise, then Desert-in-Peace.
STEPHEN DOBROW Teaneck, N.J., Feb. 22, 1993 The writer is a professor of electrical engineering at Fairleigh Dickinson University.
According to opinion surveys, a substantial number of Berliners oppose the city's bid.
Kelly was sacked twice for minus 19 yards and, with the two sacks of backup Frank Reich, the Bills suffered four sacks for minus 41 yards.
After a civil ceremony, guests gathered at tables that Susan Holland, who catered the dinner, had decorated to look like a Tuscan picnic.
He's one of the best composers around.
*On Thursday, four anti-drug detectives were questioned on suspicion of involvement in the killing of a businesswoman.
In a commentary accompanying the report, Nancy Neveloff Dubler, a lawyer and bioethicist at Montefiore Medical Center in the Bronx, said the survey indicated "that a patient's last days may not be as comfortable and pain-free as good medicine and humane care should demand."
In the same two months, the stock of the other big Japanese auto makers rose by smaller amounts or not at all.
Since such elections usually draw a very voter low turnout, interest groups like labor unions and women's organizations, play an important role because they can mobilize constituencies.
"Tommy," with music and lyrics by Pete Townshend, was named best Broadway musical.
And they worry about losing the expertise that employers have developed over decades of purchasing health care for their employees.
To the Editor: Jean Baudrillard, it seems, is finally right: we live in a culture of the simulacrum.
Pinch-hitter Randy Bush's run-scoring single in the sixth inning put the Twins ahead, 3-2.
I pray that I may be all that she would have been had she lived in an age when women could aspire and achieve and daughters are cherished as much as sons.
Thomas W. Evans, chairman of the Teachers College board of trustees, said in a statement that Mr. Timpane "has presided over an important period of the college's growth with integrity and distinction."
A man with a rifle and a pistol walked onto a school field on Friday and wounded four children in a gym class before shooting himself.
Ms. Johannpeter said the ordeal will cost her nearly $2,000 on top of the $535 she spent on the trip to begin with, because of the cost of the flight home and lost earnings.
Nelson was introduced to golf at the age of 12, when he began to caddie at Glen Garden Country Club in Forth Worth, and it wasn't long before he knew he had a gift for the game.
Appeal Is Planned But university officials, who have already said they would appeal the jury finding in Dr. Jeffries's favor, were clearly disappointed by Judge Conboy's ruling and they vowed yesterday to appeal it, too.
She is survived by her son, James Carroll of Greenfield, Mass; her daughter, Nedda Carroll of High Falls, N.Y.; her niece, Cynthia Leigh Young of New York City; three sisters, Inez Alexakos of Stafford, Va., Jeanette Lucas of Crofton, Md., and Josephine Lee of Lake Katrine, N.Y., and her brother, Eriel Saunders of Willow Springs, N.C.
The room we were assigned was elegant but completely filled with a king-sized bed, an armoire, an overstuffed chair and a desk.
After farmers replied to the proposal with outrage, the city said it would try cooperation.
Mr. Yang, a rotund former Red Guard who earned his nickname the easy way, by making millions in the stock market, breaks into a smile.
At the time of the killings, Mr. Mielke was a young party enforcer.
"But early on we focused on Tom because of his depth of experience and his commitment to Warhol's work," Mr. Johnston said.
The article "Borough Challenged on Speed Limit" (Cresskill Journal, Jan. 3) told of Alpine Councilman Larry Manus's getting a ticket charging him with doing 50 miles per hour in a 25 m.p.h.
Among other requests, the county and those municipalities have asked the city to provide financial support for the watershed towns' efforts at compliance, reasonable review deadlines and an appeals process, environmental standards that would be in line with state and Federal requirements and local enforcement protocols.
The casualties may just be numbers to some people, but they're not just numbers to us.
In 1991, Connecticut ranked number one in the nation in assaults per inmate, according to the union.
*An earthquake struck south-central Italy, and more than 2,700 people died.
The Blue Mountain Trail Lodge, which has dormitory accommodations, a central dining and living room and a well-equipped kitchen can be used by organized groups of up to 30 people throughout the year except during summer months.
Mr. Bush's final budget will be an abbreviated version of the budget usually sent to Congress by a President.
These increases in diagnosed cases and in operations stunned cancer specialists, because they reflected widespread use of a screening test that was all but unheard of four years ago.
creates problems for itself by frustrating taxpayers who want to comply.
But there are still some technical details to be worked out before we give our backing to the Clinton plan."
"I'm still holding out for Elaine's and Planet Hollywood," he said.
He said the court had not checked Mr. Honecker's health properly, and should have consulted "various medical experts" before ruling that he should be set free.
"We bring business to the areas where we operate," he said.
Earlier Verdict Overturned In December 1989, a Miami jury found Mr. Lozano guilty of two counts of manslaughter in the deaths of Mr. Lloyd and Mr. Blanchard.
"The people want to control their own lives, but there is almost no hope for us," she whispered.
As a result, a tentative accord that had promised to end years of litigation appeared likely to lead nowhere but back into court, officials involved in the negotiations said.
Search for Mechanism Dr. Duboule has published his theory in Nature and elsewhere, and he and his students are seeking a mechanism to explain how the chromosomes just might measure time.
For travel directions, the number to call is 679-2940.
"In this case, there is a medically established cause of death" from state pathologists.
People who described themselves as liberals were more likely to stress universal coverage, as were women.
Bankers Trust had no comment, but some Post officials said they believed Bankers Trust might agree to a temporary credit extension if the unions accepted the cuts and the newsstand price increase stabilized the newspaper's finances.
Dr. Martin Luther King Jr., who had been slain that April, and of Senator Robert F. Kennedy, killed two days before the team's last victory.
Last month, the company reported a 3.2 percent gain in fourth-quarter profit and a 6.7 percent earnings rise for the fiscal year, which ended on April 30.
Their record is now 2-3 and following a day off today, they will play the Bills and the Giants the next two Sundays.
'Practical Jokes' Backfire "It was a sad thing," Saberhagen said of the bleach incident.
The resolution of this scientific question has tremendous implications for patients and has spilled over into economics and politics as well.
Firearms were used in 31 percent of all murders, robberies and aggravated assaults in the nation last year, the F.B.I.
From beginning to end, "Music From Down the Hill" feels bizarrely inhibited and stilted.
The special-effects genius of "Close Encounters" and "E.T.," the king of whimsy, is grappling with one of the most horrible human dramas of the century at the age of 45 -- rather than 35, as originally planned.
Gen. Philippe Morillon of France, who vowed last month to save the population from Serbian attacks and refused to leave the town until a United Nations relief convoy was allowed to enter.
What was described on Friday as a breakthrough by Lord Owen of the European Community, co-chairman of the peace talks, caused no discernible joy here.
It could be just that the northerners eat more beef, and wheat tortillas taste better with beef than do those made of corn.
Still, for all its luck when so many others are literally going under, St. Joseph is in big trouble.
The Hornets went to Johnson again, but Robinson stole the ball with 12.9 seconds to go after he went in for the double team.
In his dazzling series about an Elizabethan acting troupe known as Lord Westfield's Men, Mr. Marston describes how the nobility curried favor at court by commissioning politically correct plays ("The Queen's Head," 1988), how the plague sent panicked players out of London and across Europe, spreading the disease as they fled ("The Trip to Jerusalem," 1990) and how the drama became such a potent political force that the censors finally put out its lights ("The Merry Devils," 1989).
A public memorial tribute to Dr. Timothy S. Healy, the president of the New York Public Library who died last December, will be held on Wednesday at 11 A.M. under a tent in Bryant Park at Avenue of the Americas and 42d Street.
SWEET HOT A new type of sweet pickle that has hot spice added to the seasoning.
Major financing for its development came from America's prestigious givers, and in a time of general stinginess toward the arts.
I'm just trying to facilitate a consensus among the owners.
I mean, to get those things to work out, that's really the starting point and then other things will follow.
Teammates have teased Davis because his 6 runs batted in and .533 average have impressed Yankee officials and planted a permanent smile on his face.
The company loses about $300 each day that a barge is idled and must also pay out about $3,000 a day for crew salaries and the fuel to keep the barge generators operating.
One got 25 percent, the other two 37.5 percent each.
Like the hedgehog in "Alice and Wonderland," it has a tough back that extends like a curved shield when it rolls itself into a virtually impregnable ball, with spines raised.
"We do know that they killed each other," he added, "because we've found holes in skulls that match the teeth pattern of Velociraptor, and the rest of the bones were not scattered as they would be if the carcass had been scavenged for its meat."
Darrell Berger, a Unitarian Universalist minister, the dancing began.
But Mr. Woolsey told Congress this week that he had ordered that a review of three operations be expanded to include eight more, among them C.I.A.
Officials at one station said 3,000 Iranians had voted within four and a half hours after the polls opened.
Aleksandr Semak, the Russian center, also had two goals, his 33d and 34th, and Peter Stastny added his 17th.
But neither side gained first-time control of any board.
Brian Herbert had three touchdowns as BETHPAGE (5-0) manhandled ISLAND TREE (2-3), 55-0.
If these stores prosper, Vons plans to open more.
They are getting more arms and making what seem to be preparations for a new offensive.
"It's fun as heck to break a streak like that," allowed Green.
Even for otherwise healthy people, some reports suggests moderate alcohol may increase the risk of breast and colon cancer, although this possibility is less solid than the evidence that it wards off heart attacks.
Studios these days prefer to release a film, whether it promises to be a hit or not, on at least 1,000 screens -- a practice known in Hollywood parlance as the wide release.
They may awkwardly advance toward and then retreat from independence, apparently rejecting their parents one moment and clinging to them the next.
At the end, Mr. Giuliani's face reappears, inset into a brilliant blue background with a slogan: "Rudy Giuliani: He'll listen to the people in every borough."
Mr. Schaffer said, "We believe these are buildable buildings with a substantial amount of flexibility."
Our answer is to have the job done on the ground by not-for-profit organizations."
Acting like mortar between these big building blocks is a vast outpouring of trivia (though for some the fact that Margarethe Siems joined the Prague Opera in 1902, that Adolf Wallnofer sang Tristan, Siegmund and Siegfried at the Metropolitan Opera in 1895-96 or that Giovanni Tadolini wrote "Le Bestie in Uomini" in 1815 will not be trivial at all).
But Eliza, after stalking Dispute most of the way, drew almost even in the homestretch, then gradually gave way.
Let's eliminate the phrase and get on with the unfinished business of transforming our society and transforming our educational institutions.
In New York, the dollar settled at 117.73 yen, from 118.70 yen on Monday.
Basketball National Basketball Association HOUSTON ROCKETS -- Agreed to terms with Hakeem Olajuwon, center, on a four-year contact extension through the 1998-99 season.
And the candidates, in turn, might commit themselves to policies and reforms to which the winner could be held accountable.
Mark Jackson has been through it, so it should help the whole scene, quarterbacks as well as receivers."
"And it was a different team that played the whole ball game."
Tenant organizations wanted the rent increase to drop off after the payback period.
He just concentrated on his job.
"I was getting blocks, Sam was getting blocks."
A Sign for Rushdie Salman Rushdie has spent the last four years hoping for some diplomatic and political miracle that would end the life of hiding and fear he has endured since the Iranian authorities offered a multi-million-dollar bounty for his execution after Ayatollah Ruhollah Khomeini of Iran declared his novel "The Satanic Verses" (Viking) blasphemous to Islam.
The Superior Court jury found that the seat-belt design in the 1988 Excel -- consisting of a shoulder restraint but no lap belt -- was defective and that the automaker failed to warn consumers of the danger to children.
However, they offered few new details today.
Wal-Mart bought 14 PACE stores in May.
Despite her Republican background, Ms. Azcuenaga attended a "renaissance weekend" retreat last winter held by President-elect Clinton, and she is reported to have developed close ties to the Clinton Administration.
The International Institute for Strategic Studies estimates that Moscow's military spending declined to $39.6 billion in 1992, from $241 billion in 1985, in constant 1985 dollars.
"Not only does it have the highest per capita levels of productivity and output of any industrialized country, but even its modest growth in 1992 surpassed the performance of other major industrialized countries."
The defense lawyers, William M. Kunstler and John W. Russell, argued to the jury of eight women and four men that Mr. Sumpter was not guilty of any homicide charge at all because he had acted in self-defense.
In many cases, goods are loaded on and off three different trucks.
Alderwood smoked piramutaba with quinoa tasted better than smoked sturgeon.
He spoke of potential "mutiny" before one game.
He graduated from the University of Bristol in England.
In January, he was transferred to Lima to head the army's School of Instruction, was No.
Fungal diseases are a particularly severe problem in those with suppressed immune systems, including AIDS patients and people who have had organ transplants.
LYNN HECHT SCHAFRAN New York
Instead of simply reading New Republic articles, they can send messages to the magazine's editors and writers (and occasionally get electronic replies).
With the new Governor of Arkansas away in Washington a few days this week for Bill Clinton's inauguration, the State Senate's president pro tem used his brief tenure as Acting Governor to grant clemency to a murderer and another convicted felon.
The vast tire plants and aircraft factories that once blanketed the city with soot are going or gone.
scouts were in the stands to see Klein complete 26 passes for 409 yards in Post's victory over Marist.
According to a study by Thomas Koenig, a professor of sociology at Northeastern University, the mean amount collected in 35 big cases after appeal was only 11.2 percent of the initial punitive verdicts.
Confidence Among the Defense A colleague, Louis Esposito, who represents Kyle Scherzer, 21, said, "I don't believe there's any witness I could call that would put me in better light than I am now.
The New Mexico Health Department opened its investigation two weeks ago, but it did not become public until a few days ago when letters were sent to 2,500 doctors.
Their road company production of "Falsettos" opens its national tour in Washington on Sept. 15, the eve of Rosh ha-Shanah.
The international reach of its tentacles is awesome to consider.
The temperature lingers in the 70's.
The film was based on Mr. Sommer's novella of the same name from the "Lifetime" collection.
*3*** COMPANY REPORTS ** View Full Article in Timesmachine »
To the Editor: A hearty well done to Molly O'Neill.
Mr. Hooper resigned as president when the Bank of Ireland left the retail business in March, and he is negotiating to take with him the bank's $60 million in retail deposits.
Don't they realize they've lost, they're going to get killed, and -- even worse -- on camera, making us uncomfortable?
Under Mr. Rice, the city is openly welcoming growth, so long as it is channeled into one of the Mayor's half-dozen or so urban villages.
At the least, however, Mr. Salinas appeared to be trying to cash in on such changes.
Lichtenstein collaborated with studio assistants; Baselitz picked Marden.
"The goal of the true scholar is to explore the marketplace of ideas," Judge Higginbotham said.
That would value the offering at about $124 million.
My place is an escape from all that."
GARY GIBBS New York, Nov. 9, 1993 The writer is author of "The Food That Would Last Forever," a warning against food irradiation.
And the answer is I would have exhausted all the alternatives and one was simply waiting him out," he said.
The $20 million "Hard Target," which is loosely based on Richard Connell's classic short story "The Most Dangerous Game," opens on Friday.
Wheelchair accessibility: Everything on one level.
One of several anti-Wal-Mart groups that have sprung up is being led here by Andree Clearwater Klingener, a onetime mall manager who paints landscapes in a studio with a quotation on the wall by Henry David Thoreau.
He got a big helping hand from 245-pound Jerry Walker, who was clearly too much to handle for Miami's inside players.
You just have to avoid the conduct," he tells the group.
And Mr. Berkeley wastes no time getting the audience aboard ship, bringing the sailors out on deck to gaze impatiently toward shore even before the action begins in the opener, "The Moon of the Caribees," which is, as its title suggests, more of a travelogue mood-setter about the allurements of West Indian women and rum than an actual play.
said today that nobody was available to comment on the warnings given to the aircraft manufactuers because of a daylong meeting.
When Webber turned over the ball in that same game, Jalen Rose, the point guard, made believe that Webber was suddenly persona non grata.
"You get low pay for household work, poor conditions and people being taken advantage of," said George High, executive director of the Center for Immigration Studies, a small Washington-based research group.
The inquiry by the Milan magistrates coincided with -- and was indirectly nurtured by -- a sea change in Italian politics.
The 15 participants focused on cardiovascular risks to black athletes and proposed more research to calculate the risks, and more rigorous and standardized testing at the high school, college and professional levels to diagnose the various forms of cardiomyopathy.
They were a metaphor for G.M.
Vice Adm. J. Paul Reason, the naval officer presiding over the military's disciplinary hearings, has ordered three inquiries to begin on Aug. 30, The San Diego Union-Tribune reported.
INC.) Tuesday Producer prices, October, percent change 0.2 0.3 *4*Wholesale sales, Sept., percent change 1.1 0.5 Wednesday Weekly jobless claims, thousands 338 340 *4*Consumer prices, October, percent change 0.0 0.4 Friday Retail sales, October, percent change 0.1 0.8 This Week's Developments Monday G-10 central bank governors meet Tuesday 3-year Treasury note auction Wednesday 10-year Treasury note auction Thursday Veterans Day holiday
I was trying to find my rhythm.
Only the wrong person got killed off.
In his mother's care, the reedy-slim boy would be found begging for food with a metal can on street corners or huddled like dumped trash in abandoned buildings with no doors, windows or lights, Mr. Riley said.
"Children should be your priority, not a gay agenda, not multiculturalism or 'multi-sexualism,' " Carol Wood, a member of a group called the Family Defense Council, declared, her voice rising.
Another New York No Mr. Cuomo, by the way, is not the only New Yorker who does not want to be considered by President Clinton for the Supreme Court.
Sunbeam-Oster rose 2 5/8 to 18 3/8.
Young people seemed, more than anything else, 'square' and largely accepting of the given social covenants."
Wall Street is often the seed money for a pro-business candidate."
The system I devoted my life to was gone.
But it's hardly surprising that prosecutors like a bill that makes it easier to keep the prisoners they convict from appealing to the Federal courts.
Since we'd known each other when we were crazy and young, we didn't have to explain a lot of stuff.
Mr. Martin has been president of the Culmen Company, a marketing consulting concern in Southfield, and editor at large for Mediaweek magazine.
"In the 70's it was the sex scene, the 80's were the health scene and now we've reached the healthy mind scene.
He was the first Democrat in the post-Civil War era to represent the area around Jamestown in southwestern New York State.
The 26,000 Boy Scouts camped here for the 13th National Scout Jamboree added levee-building to their skills as 13 hours of rain floated sleeping bags and sent streams surging through tents.
Mr. Rossi then built Bradenton Missionary Village, a retirement community for Christian missionaries.
Asked who was to blame for the sanctions, some said "foreign countries" while others said "Europe."
"It would be done so that the same access of health care is preserved," Mr. Schwartz said.
"I feel comfortable with people," he says.
Six dancers touched one another and held that pose for a long time.
The company did not disclose the number of shares it purchased, but calculations show it was about 4.1 million, or 57 percent of the shares traded during the period.
"They haven't made the case," he said.
Advice in Greek was listened to with hushed Respect, however little understood.
But this settlement is hardly a saccharine one.
A favorite guessing game here is how long NEC will be able to stick with its proprietary system.
The facts get murky at this point.
A Western diplomat in Yangon said the junta "appears to want to ply the intelligensia and the middle class -- the two groups that were behind the democracy movement and can cause the most trouble -- with luxuries that will make their lives more pleasant, just so long as they forget about democracy."
While the actress has an efficient way of indicating irritation, disapproval or condescension, her matter-of-factness doesn't mean tiddly winks when it comes to characterization.
The marketing machine built in the early 1980's by Johnson and Bird is busy hyping Alonzo Mourning versus Shaquille O'Neal.
The rivalry over racing dates among south Florida's three tracks intensified yesterday when Hialeah Park announced that it would operate this year from April 1 through June 6, overlapping the final two weeks of the season at Calder.
Now a quarter of all American children are born to single women.
Ms. Malcolm describes the difference between journalist and novelist in her account of the lawsuit brought by the convicted killer Jeffrey MacDonald against the writer Joe McGinniss, entitled "The Journalist and the Murderer."
Fred McGourty, another Connecticut author and plantsman, has had his share of battles with deer and offers in his book, "The Perennial Gardener," this helpful hint: "Careful siting of favored deer-browse plants also helps.
But he finds it difficult to even get a date.
At issue are the metal retainers, or clips, that hold down seals around the turbine blades of the shuttle's three high-pressure oxidizer pumps.
This approach to morality, he said, could justify not only premarital and homosexual sex but almost any deed historically considered sinful.
"About how I had diabetes and everytime I'd hear those gunshots my blood sugar would rise.
But his campaign has been running television advertisements this week on New York and Philadelphia stations depicting him working out on a punching bag, with the announcement, "He made some tough decisions and this former boxer took some punches."
Blink and you will miss the original "Saturday Night Live" cast members Garrett Morris and Laraine Newman, neither of whom was given a real role.
(You can begin successive sentences with conjunctions if they're long sentences; doesn't sound choppy.)
But there were diplomatic relations between the two, and East Germany was a member of the United Nations.
The trial judge denied the request as improperly introducing racial issues; but Mr. Gerson was acting against a backdrop of decades during which the Government has dealt with juries picked from the accused's own community.
And in the popular tunes of the 30th variation, suddenly introduced at the close of this remarkable work, he reminds us of something Mr. Serkin ignored: in these pieces Bach's path to the transcendental was through the physical.
"I don't know how to state it in strong enough terms," Dr. Harvell said of the destruction.
The conservative Government is in a hurry to show results before the scheduled presidential elections in 1995.
The original Art Deco rectangle has been softened and rounded.
The Japanese policeman who died was identified as Haruyuki Takata, a 33-year-old inspector from Okayama prefecture.
In the months after the announcement, people registered their outrage by circulating petitions to save the store.
Mass executions did occur, the results of decisions by revolutionary tribunals, battle and unauthorized acts by officials.
From 1953 to 1989 the American Contract Bridge League produced an annual record of the world championship, featuring deals and analysis.
While men attend State U. and major in accounting, women go to top Ivy League universities and write dissertations on Provencal metrics or quantum mechanics.
"We figure that it would probably take us a year before we'd start building because first we had to sell our condominium on West 11th Street in Greenwich Village, but we wanted to give our children, Amethyst, who is 11, and Jamie, who is 7, a chance to settle into North Salem."
Inquiry Into a Failure As for the Mars Observer, controllers at the Jet Propulsion Laboratory in Pasadena, Calif., continued their futile attempts to regain communications with the spacecraft, which has been mysteriously silent since last Saturday.
We stayed at the big, pink Hotel das Cataratas, the only hotel within the national park on the Brazilian side, right at the falls.
"We are not sure whether this will get to every one of our stores, but I imagine it will go to at least half of them."
"Guess you heard what happened to Tony Manning."
"This is the same tree we have every year.
"There's definitely been more responsiveness to the community since the new administrator took over," said Gary Giordano, the district manager for Community Board 9.
How could Mr. Brown have been so out of touch, so unaware of a breakdown in police performance?
"If you work on that, then you've drawn working time away from the normal stuff.
He was, in Mr. Clark's words, "as thoroughgoing a racist as the civil rights movement could have invented."
PERRY IN TOKYO Three works of 19th-century Japanese art, depicting American Commodore Matthew Calbraith Perry, his ships, seamen and civilian entourage during their expedition to Tokyo in 1854, dominate an exhibition at the Beinecke Rare Book and Manuscript Library at Yale.
Several Gangs Prison officials said the disturbance began about 7 P.M. Wednesday when inmates were returning to their cells after dinner.
Consumer spending on goods and services accounts for two-thirds of the economy.
Natural philosophy suggested that civil laws were contrary to the laws of nature.
"Normally when people walk into an art gallery they get this paralyzation that sets in.
There was no immediately claim of responsibility.
At least 500,000, and perhaps as many as one million people, are said to have died, mostly through starvation, in the Biafran secessionist war in the late 1960's.
Like his predecessor Edward I. Koch, Mr. Dinkins has discovered that the politics of homelessness are unkind to incumbents.
For more information, the numbers to call are 967-6964 or 636-8700.
Along with the bathos and bombast, the stone contains some clues to the family's social aspirations.
Leslie H. Gelb: A new "Red menace" scam.
We will somehow manage to survive, but it will be very hard."
Forces He said their mission was first to protect American forces, second to escort relief supplies and keep roads open and third to keep the pressure on the Somali militia -- but "not to personalize the conflict," a code phrase referring to the long hunt for Mohammed Farah Aidid, the Somali faction leader held responsible for most of the fighting.
I took over what had been a hobby for my father and made it into a business."
"There's a restlessness in the land with the way things are," said Lee M. Miringoff, director of the Marist Institute of Public Opinion.
Angry and Embarrassed Teams that win championships do not let those players erase 10-point leads.
Though Asia often seems like a coherent geographic and economic entity from afar, to Asians themselves it has always defied a unity -- even when Japan controlled huge swaths of the region half a century ago.
That has not been done yet.
No New Yorkers -- any shade, background, history or purse -- get it.
Executives reporting to Mr. Vitulli will now report to Sonny Sonoguchi, president of Mazda's sales subsidiary, the auto maker said.
He walked Troy Neel and Mike Aldrete to load the bases and Gates then singled past the pitcher.
They blamed Federal agents for the fire.
He won acquittal for a black accused of murder and won an appeal for two Black Muslims in Louisiana convicted on charges stemming from a police raid on their mosque.
The 5,000 extra summonses -- one of the largest single issues ever made in Federal Court in Manhattan -- more than doubles the pool of prospective jurors called each month to the courthouse in lower Manhattan.
That year, he also appeared briefly with American Ballet Theater in Chicago.
Correcting the vision for Hubble's other instruments called for a more inventive approach.
As the recession continues, I hope he will come back to this policy with force.
His home will be an aid to memory, a reconstruction to remind all who pass by of how the neighborhood once looked.
Leading by a scant 7-6, the Steelers quieted the crowd of 70,232 with a third-quarter drive that covered 84 yards in 16 plays.
The walkouts created havoc for farmers and disrupted the flow of millions of quarts of milk a day to the city and surrounding communities.
And, like them, he accepts that testing boundaries is one of the most vital things art does.
Relief Corridor Urged Mr. Chen said the United States and other donors should set up what he called a "humanitarian corridor" into Haiti, to insure delivery of vital supplies stem the growing death toll.
I had a terrific talk with Hussein when he was here and a very good talk today.
He also portrays the Maharajah of Kashmir's boat, complete with howdah amidships and some two dozen turbaned oarsmen fore and aft.
Mr. Levitt challenged the groups to come up with their own proposal in a meeting in October.
Mr. Hoffenberg said last night that he had no knowledge of being the subject of inquiries by Federal law enforcement authorities, and he attacked the coverage of The New York Times, calling it "pure lies."
NEW YORK YANKEES -- Activated Mike Witt, pitcher, from the 15-day disabled list.
Yet these same husbands -- for the record, we're talking middle-aged, long married and reasonably well-fixed (partly because they're long married) -- yearn to revive a moribund erotic life.
Mr. Ovitz and Creative Artists had been hired by Credit Lyonnais to revive MGM and make it financially viable.
Her voice rises to a petulant high pitch.
"We wish to come to a peaceful and safe resolution with you."
"We feel some things have changed since that time and we are satisfied that our security requirements will be met," Mr. Teeley said.
"The agent kept me in a locked room and repeatedly raped me," she said.
The youngest was my Aunt Lourdes.
Each is 3-0, as is Florida.
Currently, up to four keystrokes are needed to create a single Chinese character on AST machines.
But in "Dottie Gets Spanked," that feeling is more acute and the directorial hand more secure.
"We began getting weather forecasts early in the week," said John Hagerty, a spokesman for the State Police, who spent most of last Saturday at the center.
The Butterfield emergency room would remain open for as long as possible, Hudson Valley said, but if the economics proved impossible, it too would be closed.
"She was just pushing the ball back and waiting for mistakes; she wasn't being very aggressive," said Pierce, who virtually monopolized that behavior.
Dean & Deluca Wall Street, at 1 Wall Street Court, where Pearl, Beaver and Wall streets converge, is open Monday through Friday from 7 A.M. to 6 P.M. and Saturday from 8 A.M. to 2 P.M. Information is available at (212) 514-7775.
But as in many clown shows, it has a lot of antic danger and last-minute rescue, a lot of bopping and bashing.
But we will comply with the judge's order."
By car from Brooklyn, Queens and Long Island, take the Staten Island Expressway (I-278) to the Clove Road-Richmond Road Exit.
Gustavo Perez of New York has announced the engagement of his daughter Carmen Maria Perez Ferrer to Judge Charles Francis Marotta, the son of Mr. and Mrs. Anthony Marotta of Hartsdale, N.Y. Miss Perez, a daughter of the late Maria T. Perez Ferrer, is a telephone planning coordinator for The New York Times.
It wouldn't matter if Daly's assistants were Joe Lapchick and John Wooden.
"I was impressed with him," Hargrove said.
When school ended at 2:05, a senior named Julie Cabral, in blue jeans and a purple sweatshirt, was rushing off for a fitting for her prom dress.
Although several markets in the Northeast posted gains, the median price for the overall region fell eight-tenths of 1 percent.
The defense had portrayed the defendant as a scapegoat, while the prosecution built its case on testimony from three other youths who later pleaded guilty in the killing.
In the end, though, the Braves again turned out to be inadequate.
"There will be one less carrier for our big three brethren to complain about," he said, referring to criticism of the advantages enjoyed by carriers in bankruptcy protection.
"Some of them could recover from this while others may not," a senior Pentagon official said.
They were told not to say "gals" or "ladies," instructed to call blacks "people of color" and reminded that while some traditional maritime terms may be nautically correct on Puget Sound, they are offensive to some people.
"There's a speculative element to this," Mr. Sullivan said.
Or I'd be, 'You have a $2 million endorsement,' and he's, 'Wait a second, it's time for Garth.'
These economists also warned of a brief but noticeable drag on the economy this winter if, as the House bill dictates, personal income tax increases are made retroactive to Jan. 1, 1993.
The Jets' quarterback, Boomer Esiason, was celebrating a touchdown pass to Chris Burkett.
You have to be born with it.
The police have been unable to find any witnesses who saw both Mr. Esposito and Katie at the arcade.
Defying the home court advantage, the Chicago Bulls beat the Knicks, 97-94, at Madison Square Garden last night to take a 3-2 lead in their four-of-seven game National Basketball Association playoff series.
You do it for a little while, but it's not a repeat thing.
*Only 9.6 percent of all births in 1992 were third, fourth or subsequent children.
Messages can also be left in Florida at (305) 437-2496; fax number 305-437-5631.
"Let's get this resolved and get it behind us."
Widespread Effects The fear of rising inflation, which reduces profits from fixed-income securities, would hurt longer-term maturities, like the 30-year bond.
But a Pentagon spokeswoman said the exercise "has nothing to do with drugs."
In the cacophony of screen savers, this pure effect may be the most elegant statement of all.
We have to change up and move our people around.
Seeking Comfort and Winnings "No one cares," he adds, smiling as he draws a contrast with his entrepreneurial colleagues who marketeer swiftly at the center of clusters of bettors enriching the bookmakers at the expense of the troubled OTB, the city's gambling monopoly that really isn't.
Ms. Rothman's idea initially was to revive plays that deserved a second chance.
They like things to be very clear.
Now he's assuring two out-of-town visitors who have already sampled the gold-wrapped mints at the door that he'll give them a small supply when they leave for the theater.
Habyan allowed Phil Hiatt's run-scoring single to make it 3-2, but the Yankees regained the lead on Paul O'Neill's homer off Gardner in the seventh and Kelly's bloop off Mark Gubicza to make it 4-3.
Tariffs and trade barriers will tumble.
The sympathy part comes in because of the massive publicity campaign from the Giants.
"I don't expect to be able to walk in right away and be Norman Lent," Mr. King said.
Earlier this week, gas station pumps were drained dry and grocery stores shelves emptied, but a lull between storms has allowed some trucks to make their way into the area and supplies of food and fuel.
"My standards of cleanliness are not like her antiseptic standards," Mr. Chung said ruefully.
It had 1992 sales of $3.2 billion.
pioneer and vice chairman of Medtronic Inc., maker of pacemakers
The Saints' loss has made a believer out of me and just about every other witness that some truly hideous indigenous Louisiana hex is working against this franchise.
The candies are made with sugar, corn syrup and natural herb flavors and are sold in three-ounce bags for $2.50 to $3.50.
Many investors consider radio stations bargains, noting that ad revenue is approaching record levels.
After waiting patiently for Douglass to take three putts, Nicklaus stepped up to the slippery winning putt and banged it firmly into the back of the hole.
"You shortly will be able to watch any movie, any video, at your convenience, Mr. Malone said.
Mr. Sakow also collects Hopalong Cassidy and Roy Rogers memorabilia, toys and games from the 50's and 60's, and virtually anything related to baseball, including one of the shoes Bob Feller wore the day he pitched a no-hitter against the Yankees in 1946, and signed personal checks of Ty Cobb and Casey Stengel.
"I could never have been able to see it through and I think there's a lot to be said to seeing a project from start to finish," he said.
In his new position as senior vice president for Macintosh software, Mr. Nagel will be responsible for developing and marketing operating system software, software developers' tools and extensions for the Macintosh.
With rested legs, Ray Bourque, Wesley, Oates, Neely and Joe Juneau went to work and Wesley capitalized on the power play by completing his hat trick with 45 seconds left in the period.
Of the two reasons for the change, the claims for savings to cut the deficit is the most seductive -- especially when the difference, or spread, between short-term and long-term interest rates approaches record levels.
We offer a stage where the main players come.
Restraining officials from abusing their secrecy stamps won't be easy.
It's bitter medicine, but we have to take it."
But such foreign policy disputes are a far cry from military confrontations.
"I believe that the evidence in the case would have proved collusion on the part of the manufacturers," Dr. Jennison said.
Although it is still well short of its goal, Wall Street seems confident it is on the right track.
Her father recoiled from her outbursts with puzzled timidity, yet looked to her for spiritual solace.
There were no serious injuries, but the apartment complex was badly damaged by fire.
Under terms of the agreement, the bank restricted credits and said it would stop intervening in currency trading to prop up the ruble.
Conversely, a onetime friend, Wyndham Lewis, the avant-garde blaster and bombardier, pilloried their "middle-aged youth movement" in his novel "The Apes of God."
He quit the Philharmonic in 1977, just in time to take charge of his newly constructed, grandiose contemporary-music center in Paris, the Institute for the Research and Coordination of Acoustics and Music, known as Ircam.
This crispy wispy treat is listed with the vegetables, but the economical platter ($5) is big enough to be an appetizer for four.
The Christmas season is typically a sales bonanza for retailers, and Myron E. Ullman 3d, co-chairman and co-chief executive of Macy, said yesterday that the Macy's and Bullock's chains had comparable-store sales gains of about 3.5 percent in December.
It is part of the social problems created by the country's collapse, by the lack of social and political stability."
Accession Policy Applicants for military service will no longer be asked or required to reveal if they are homosexual or bisexual, but applicants will be informed of the conduct that is proscribed for members of the armed forces, including homosexual conduct.
The Metro costs Russians more but not foreigners, thanks to the falling ruble.
Included are such 60's hits as "Solitary Man," "Cherry, Cherry," "Girl, You'll Be a Woman Soon," "Brother Love's Traveling Salvation Show" and "Sweet Caroline," all performed in arrangements that closely duplicate the original recorded versions.
Now through March 31, Limn is showing "New Architecture in the Oakland Hills," an exhibition of models and drawings of 14 new homes by 13 architects.
6 NEW LEADER FOR CHICAGO SCHOOLS A deputy schools chancellor in New York City, Argie Johnson, will be the general superintendent of the Chicago school system.
Ban's Removal Sought Still, some pension managers and investors are eager to get divestment bans lifted and are anticipating a flurry of activity in many of the stocks of companies that do business in South Africa but have been listed as hands off.
We've put enormous pressure of them for these concessions."
He said Columbia would countersue.
There are also other limitations.
I'm going to put you guys out of jobs.
Johnson, who appears sounder at the plate than he did last year, still has only five extra-base hits, and his average stands at .218.
EDWARD J. ZOHN Scotch Plains, N.J., Nov. 23, 1993
The Nepenthes, some of which are much easier to grow than N. rajah, were hugely popular among well-to-do gardeners in Victorian England, Mr. D'Amato said, and many hybrids were produced.
Base for Northern Patrol Turkey is central to the coalition because American and other allied warplanes use Incirlik base in southeastern Turkey to patrol the no-flight zone in northern Iraq.
Jesus Christ was not an Orthodox priest.
"It would have to be a shorter roof," said Dale Swearingen, architecture director of Osborn Engineering, which was the firm that designed the original stadium.
The surveys also found that Northeasterners are nearly as likely to be Roman Catholic (38 percent) or Jewish (4 percent) as Protestant (44 percent).
While a number of politicians attended the parade, Queens Borough President Claire Shulman did not, angering many in the parade.
When Mort Zuckerman was asked today if he had a model for The Daily News, he gave his clearest vision yet: a sassier version of The Daily Mail of London.
Jan Erixon, a left wing, has also been nursing a tender back.
Kristen Svensen, a 50-year-old employee of the Census Bureau, said: "I've been petrified.
"This was unacceptable behavior for a general who represents the international community," said Said Avdic, head of the Tuzla district's government.
Retirement funds can be shuffled to play the tax gap, too, said Lyle Benson, an accountant with Coyne & McClean, in Baltimore.
In his absence, Gilliam stepped in and averaged 11.4 points a game and led all rebounders with 7.6 a game.
The offer was made Monday night to Hammer, the rap star who has become a Holyfield confidant, by Bowe's manager, Rock Newman.
Two of them, "Turandot" and "The Love of Three Oranges," went on to inspire popular operas.
Delaware, Maryland and Vermont recently passed similar laws, but they are not as far reaching.
The center is at 17 South Madison Avenue, and admission is free.
A cable-TV coaxial cable can easily carry that amount, but a telephone line can only carry substantially less than 1 percent, or 19,200 bits.
Instead, Ms. Willard uses her poetic gifts to illuminate the ordinary events of life, and to transform the emotions of daily life -- joy, sadness, loneliness and hope -- into palpable, almost tactile images.
"In the 1980's, we stressed new-business creation too much," said Nobuo Yumoto, managing director.
Even at WGBH in Boston, a prestigious public station, a consultant has recommended stringent limitations on challenging music, historical or anniversary programming, spoken commentary and live performances and interviews.
A colorist as well, he would recast his own ideas, turning them over and over, as if to reflect all sorts of meaning from a single phrase.
His father, now retired, was the editor of the quarterly magazine of the College Board in New York, where he had also been the director of the advanced placement program for the educational testing organization.
The children's menu has other glamorous drinks, too: the parakeet (green) and the power potion (blue).
The youngest person to fly cross-country is Tony Aliengena, who was 9 when he went from California to Boston and back in 1988.
"Baltimore will get a team because the financial package is so good.
The tennis tour moved on to Rome, where fans are known to fling 100-lira coins the size of manhole covers at the heads of players who displease them.
So the next generation of games, he says, will have to do what few manage to do so far: trigger emotional responses in players way beyond just "I won the game."
Liberation Theology Missed Its Target Protestant pastors here say that the Catholic church took a wrong turn in the 1970's when it embraced liberation theology, described by one Brazilian news weekly as "the tropical marriage of Marxism and Christianity."
For nine New York Times editors and reporters, the reality of a New York July was all it took to jog the memories of that year, that summer, that day, when keeping cool wasn't so easy.
Haley is the fourth of five sons and grew up working on a farm in Gladys, Va.
Rather than buckling before the moral courage of nonviolent resistance, though, white governments of South Africa responded with greater force and longer prison terms, until black patience gave way.
For ABC, those details are the most promising because the network has had solid overall performance from the series it introduced in September.
By the time the season rolled around and the losses mounted, it was incomprehensible blather.
On Monday, Warner-Lambert reached a consent decree with the F.D.A.
Tie games in the regular season are currently followed by a five-minute, sudden-death overtime.
"Let's give up on the ambivalence about being alive and really live," Vera suggests.
The glittering angels' wings on brackets beneath each laser print represent "the idea of light ascending and prayers ascending," he said.
He had grown up in the working-class neighborhood of Martissant, a few miles outside of Port-au-Prince, the capital, where he was the leader of a popular neighborhood band called Samba Jazz.
The president of NBC's embattled news division, Michael G. Gartner, announced yesterday that he was resigning.
Col. Bill Aikman, the Canadian briefing officer, will say at the start of his daily summary.
And over the millennia it has touched the lives of billions of people everywhere -- particularly their minds and most deep beliefs.
This makes it a little interesting."
Mr. Letterman's contract with CBS runs three years.
"The institution is still spending more money than it's taking in."
Mr. McKinney, 19, and Mr. Penn, 25, kept up.
The ban has already become an issue in this year's governor's race.
He acknowledged that the Windows products were later than anticipated, but said it was more important to ship a finished product that pleased customers than to be early.
"The ball is moving, and we're looking for one another on offense," Mason said.
Dinah Washington: 'The Dinah Washington Story -- The Original Recordings' Mercury 314 514 841-2; CD only.
Traditionally, the family gathered around the hearth has been the American image of the sanctity of the home.
Jeffrey B. Middleswart, a Barre analyst, said that he did not expect Mr. Groussman's departure to have much effect on the company's direction or that Zale would have much trouble finding a replacement.
In a sharp departure from the views of many Congressional Democrats, Mr. Brown argued that auctioning the radio spectrum would be fairer to taxpayers, lead to more efficient use of the crowded airwaves and discourage the rampant speculation spawned by today's system of awarding licenses through sweepstakes-like lotteries.
Bode (pronounced BOH-dee) wrote or edited 30 books, many of them on H. L. Mencken, Henry David Thoreau and Ralph Waldo Emerson.
There are two main approaches to preservation: films (or videotape) and notation.
Naturally, he had stepped on the pedal a bit to make up for lost time.
The skin grows thick with time.
"Now, I am the guy."
Lacking such spectacular displays, most gardens that invite the public do not open until about April 1.
"I guess I'm here to make myself heal."
Music by Richard Strauss, Beethoven and Ferde Grofe accompanied the skit, which one parent likened to a ballet.
Transamerica shares closed at $54.625, down 37.5 cents, on the Big Board.
Today "ORLANDO" (Britain/Italy/France/ Netherlands), directed by Sally Potter, 6 P.M. Sold out.
"I saw a glimmer of light a while back, but that's only turning out to be a pause," said Mr. Gadomski, the Penn State meteorologist.
Mr. Goldberg added: "He's already blamed the United States.
After gaining two spirited victories over the Jays at Yankee Stadium to split their important four-game series last week, the Yankees have stumbled against the sixth-place Twins.
Andrew Rangell Pianist Kathryn Bache Miller Theater There are so many pianists before the public today that the category "atypical pianist" has itself become typical.
"And unfortunately, if the Persian Gulf war is any precedent, every Muslim will become suspect in the eyes of the law."
"Considering our historical reliance on the Big East," he said, "the fact that we're even with 1992, ahead of 1991 and near our 1990 rating is testament to the strength of Duke, Michigan, Indiana and North Carolina."
There was an exquisite literalness to Pride's remark.
Ms. Baird did get the Labor Department's certification for the wife, and, transition officials say, last October the Immigration and Naturalization Service approved her request to put the woman on a list for a green card.
And there is a traffic jam at second base with Randy Velarde, Andy Stankiewicz, Mike Gallego and Pat Kelly.
Chevron's shares rose 50 cents on the New York Stock Exchange today, closing at $69.875.
The New York Times Neediest Cases Fund was founded in the early years of this century by Adolph S. Ochs, then the publisher of The Times.
Bond nonetheless drew a standing ovation when he made clear that the party should abandon its anti-abortion platform.
13 * 21 TOUJOURS PROVENCE, by Peter Mayle.
He was in great pain, no matter what I may think about him -- and I hope to tell the audience with every word what a monster he was.
Coping with loony passengers, local hookers and frightfully filthy restrooms, John does his best to get through it all one day at a time while realizing that "if I was drunk, none of this would bother me."
"The announcement the President just made is significant, I believe, because it contributes to the end of the days when women, at least half the talent pool in our society, appear in high places only as one-at-a-time performers."
The new fiberoptic system can carry up to 500 channels.
Persuading Ms. Stone to star in the film was tricky, too.
Mr. Gips's new agency, called Gips Associates, is in Frankfurt Gips's office.
Browsing through Egyptian newspapers at the Fertile Crescent on Atlantic Avenue in Boerum Hill, Famir Nasr, an accountant, said hopefully, "I think it's a passing cloud in a sunny day."
She has the resources and she shouldn't do this?"
But Ed O'Bannon, the sophomore U.C.L.A.
FOR those who bought in at the February 1990 offering price of $4.50, adjusted for splits, Cisco Systems, now at $87.75, has been one of Wall Street's greatest recent successes.
Running back BLAIR THOMAS (hamstring) is questionable.
Many affected institutions have sued the Government, contending that the change violated a contractual promise by the Government.
or the possible usefulness of the self-destructive traits associated with anorexia nervosa (is this an adaptation to a culture of scarcity?).
Mr. Norris began the Debussy Etudes with the same aggressive drive he had applied to the Haydn, yet as he made his way through the six pieces, he eased up enough to pay heed to their delicate coloration.
Mr. Markey, the son of Mrs. Richard D. Markey of Carbondale, Pa., and the late Mr. Markey, graduated from Pennsylvania State University and received an M.B.A. from Drexel University.
After a brief stay at the Krome center, they were sent by the Immigration and Naturalization Service to this remote courthouse town, 170 miles from New Orleans in a sea of cotton and corn fields.
The roles that gay men and lesbians have played in our armed forces.
Michael Adams of England and Yevgeny Bareyev of Russia tied for fourth place with 6 1/2-4 1/2.
Suzie Fitzgerald, 35, has worked as a quality-control inspector for 17 years.
If the company spent more time under supervision of a court-appointed trustee, more wealth might trickle farther down the debt structure.
At the Division-Lynbrook football game it didn't matter how much they were making.
The defense motions come four months after a 1,200-pound bomb in a rental van blew up in a garage under the trade center's Vista Hotel, killing six people, injuring more than 1,000 and causing hundreds of millions of dollars in losses.
Volvo World Cup Dressage Finals -- Ganimedes, Monica Theodorescu, Germany.
I've inherited a family, and that might be the biggest challenge of all."
Clan villages sit near towering apartment blocks, huge shopping centers and speedy commuter trains.
The better Yangtze River cruise ships are no exception, as our recent experience from Sept. 14 to 22, will illustrate.
Bernice King, gave a dramatic oration at the Ebenezer Baptist Church, where both her father and grandfather were pastors.
The stunning newcomer epitomizes the kind of Italian restaurant that is dear to Long Islanders' hearts.
The problem is not the fans streaming out of the arena, or even the innocent crowds who come to cheer a victory parade, but the thousands of louts waiting to tear up the town for the slightest excuse.
The question, though, is: How much further can he go toward reviving the unpredictable 1980's, when his blend of nationalizations and social benefits ran up the debt that Mr. Mitsotakis inherited and has now returned to him?
Place in the pan and sear until barely cooked through, about 1 1/2 to 2 minutes per side.
Investcorp said it planned to inject fresh capital into Gucci and to reorganize the group into a "cohesive worldwide organization."
I almost fell out of my chair."
Did Lockheed indeed clean house?
All well and good, but expensive.
FOR nine days now, Sgt.
Philip H. Knight, the chairman of Nike, said in a statement that sales in the United States of basketball shoes, the company's core product, fell 25 percent in the second quarter, reflecting shifting fashions and strong sales a year ago.
with Spanish officials for more than a year.
C13 Theater: "The Opposite Sex Is Neither."
His father is a dentist in Yonkers.
Mr. Bernbach, who is 49, will give up reponsibilities for day-to-day operations and focus on tasks like acquisitions and new technology.
A jury reinstated Ms. Cook last year with $100,000 in damages, and Rhode Island appealed.
That's okay as long as the doctor says it's not career threatening.
Lebanon would not accept the 400, most of whom remain in a no man's land.
Praying With Anger Written and directed by M. Night Shyamalan; director of photography, Madhu Ambat; edited by Frank Reynolds; music by Edmund K. Choi; produced by Mr. Shyamalan.
The most serious fallout from the tampering continues to come in upstate courtrooms, where verdicts in many cases have been cast into doubt.
"When I contemplated disclosure," he wrote in the Op-Ed article, "I felt that my hope to continue contributing to society as a lawyer and human rights activist was threatened.
March 1 to April 3: World premiere of "Gellburg," by Arthur Miller, directed by John Tillinger.
It is estimated at $40 million; the bank's restoration of a nearby landmark building would cost $2.6 million.
Mrs. Joseph Kern of Garden City, L.I., has announced the engagement of her daughter, Mary Elizabeth Kern, and Scott Lee Miller, a son of Mr. and Mrs. Robert I. Miller of Glencoe, Ill. A November wedding is planned.
Folkers' Renaissance Peter, Paul and Mary have endured.
Mr. Demme knows how to breathe both hope and frustration into the promise of brotherly love.
In elections for the Tokyo Metropolitan Assembly on June 27, the Liberal Democrats picked up two seats.
After nine months without a president and no official word on when an appointment will be announced, Yale University is growing restless.
"There wasn't one major outdoor newsstand left in downtown," Mr. Kerski said.
"Our party has become a protectionist party," he said.
Inmac, based in Santa Clara, Calif., already sells PC's made by the International Business Machines Corporation, the Compaq Computer Corporation and other companies, as well as accessories.
What he represented was integrity of the highest order."
"It is too bad that we are not having a stimulus package followed in two years by deficit reduction, but it is better to have Mr. Clinton's budget plan and go on from there," Mr. Tobin said, explaining an op-ed article in The New York Times last week in which he and Mr. Solow reluctantly put aside their stimulus proposal.
"I don't think they keep trading me," Henderson said.
Some of the largest positions have been in rapidly growing retailers.
"I had never pitched like that.
Nebiolo pointed out with some pride that the I.O.C.
And then there is Rose.
A Continuing Problem "Killings on duty by the military police in Sao Paulo are a continuing human rights problem," Americas Watch, the New York-based human rights group, said in a report last month, "Urban Police Violence in Brazil."
Rod Tanner, a lawyer for the machinists union, said the union is considering whether to appeal the ruling.
They tend toward lovely sections and weak or programmatic transitions: the kind you resign yourself to, much as you resign yourself to passages of uninspired recitative in opera.
Let's go through it so I'll know who they might draft.'
George Bush was still the President and was at that very moment engaged in a test of wills with the Iraqi dictator.
Artifacts from the Essays are also on display.
To see Simms in a burgundy-and-gold Redskin jersey after all his years as a symbol of the Giants offense would be heresy for anyone who has endured the December winds of Giants Stadium.
There is a cautious case to be made for Government to pick up the slack in situations where the private market doesn't automatically know best.
And with today's sophisticated surgery, sometimes it's almost that easy.
He was 9 of 13 for 181 passing yards with two touchdowns and no interceptions in the first half.
20 CLUES SOUGHT IN DOCTOR KILLING A week after an abortion doctor was killed in Alabama, the police are still searching for clues, asking whether the killing was a robbery gone awry or a consequence of his work.
Neither the Chief Minister of Maharashtra state, Sudhakarrao Naik, nor the Indian Prime Minister, P. V. Narasimha Rao, reacted to the violence as it consumed the city.
In issuing its statement, the White House said it hoped its threat to use force made clear that Iraqi interference with the United Nations and coalition operations would not be tolerated.
Al Gore leans against a tree.
Mr. Young, in fact, is said by other aides to be quietly beginning to craft strategy for a transition.
"So we make the heels less extreme."
"They were cooperative enough to resolve the matter among themselves."
One board member, Herman Badillo, objected to the appointment, saying he feared she would sacrifice scholarship at City College in her pursuit of diversity.
CYNTHIA OZICK New Rochelle, N.Y.
But in public he moved gingerly against Dr. Elders, whose support among the black groups grew enormously after she was attacked by conservatives whose criticisms had helped sink another black nominee, Lani Guinier, once nominated to be head of the Justice Department's Civil Rights Division.
Mrs. Whitman's brother, Webster B.
The finalists are Cohen/Johnson, Los Angeles; Kresser/Craig, Santa Monica; Lord, Dentsu & Partners, Los Angeles, and Suissa Miller Advertising, Santa Monica.
Many of these defendants are addicted to narcotics.
But the F.C.C., which is scrutinizing Bell Atlantic's dealings with new competitors, has already forced the company to make at least some changes in the way it does business, and the matter is still under study.
Most of the children have said they feel scared in their neighborhoods, leading the museum to consider including that concern in its exhibit.
Fired by the activism of a grandmother, Fanny Kaprow, a left-wing organizer for the International Ladies Garment Workers Union, Ms. Abramson attended law school at U.C.L.A.
We're all a healthy bunch."
and the Food and Drug Administration are working together in a way they have never done before to benefit the American people," said Carol M. Browner, Administrator of the E.P.A.
Nearly 60 percent of the officers in the 88th Precinct are white.
Two days earlier, four pizza parlor workers were shot to death in Aurora, Colo.
"Having them not ask the question alone is a step in the right direction."
Parliament also refused to keep President Leonid M. Kravchuk's promise, made in 1992, to join the Nuclear Non-Proliferation Treaty as a non-nuclear state, citing the need for a deterrent against Russia.
Then, with Nov. 6 an open week for the Irish, Notre Dame will have two weeks to prepare specifically for the ways Florida State quarterback Charlie Ward can complicate a game, and for the bag of tricks that Seminole Coach Bobby Bowden always seems to bring along.
The other would increase the income taxes some retirees pay on their Social Security benefits.
Mr. Clinton, of course, was elected without a majority of the popular vote in a three-way race.
For the next hour and 25 minutes, members milled around the House floor as tempers got hotter, before a 20-minute debate was agreed upon.
Dr. William C. Cummins, an acoustics consultant in San Diego, said that the National Marine Fisheries Service itself recently engaged him to study the effects of underwater explosions on Kemp's ridley turtles in the Gulf of Mexico, only to cancel the experiment when officials discovered it would violate the agency's own regulations.
Health Agency Dissolved Since the furor erupted last month, Horst Seehofer, Germany's Minister of Health, has come under pressure to resign.
Mr. Gerber's lawyer, Harvey Silets, argued before the appeals court last month that Mr. Gerber's case was the first time the law had been applied to artifacts taken from private property.
Shore, playing a character named Crawl, must learn how to shovel manure, feed the hogs and milk a cow, which (are you ready?)
bid with its upset of James Madison in the Colonial Athletic Association tournament in Richmond.
"You take a shower after the game and wash it all down the drain."
People who keep careful financial records, tracking how much they have spent and comparing the outflow with their budgets, are apt to spend less and save more than people who simply buy now and pay later.
Afterward, though, it was the offense that took the abuse.
Until Cornerstone settled in Los Angeles two years ago, it was an itinerant troupe that specialized in tailoring the classics to individual rural communities.
Jody Hull added an empty-net goal with one second left.
First, Taylor, who needs work on control and the finer points of pitching, told the Yankees he did not want to attend this fall's Instructional League because he was tired from the pressure of his season at Class AA.
I'm not saying when or to whom.
"There are no words to describe how our hearts felt," Patek recalled.
In unsealing the record, on Dec. 9, he acknowledged "a First Amendment right of access" to the jurors' identities but warned that the secrecy and privacy of jury deliberations served a compelling governmental and societal interest.
Companies American Airlines rebuffed a request by striking flight attendants for emergency mediation to help settle their strike.
"Once people are educated, the fears go away," said Jane O'Donaghue, spokeswoman for Cellular One.
Phoenix's Kevin Johnson waved over to Kings General Manager Jerry Reynolds last week to say, "I'm coming after your boy," and 32 points and 14 assists later, Reynolds admitted, "K. J. kicked his rear."
The Serbs have allowed no United Nations aid convoys into Srebrenica in months, despite dozens of promises.
Contrary to what many United States critics say, the Vance-Owen plan does not reward Serb aggression in Bosnia.
'Oh, that's an awful place to drive,' she said.
In return, Pratt & Whitney received a 45 percent markup on each subcontract, the G.A.O.
Depth of Yearning The President added: "The one thing I think that we tend to underestimate, those of us who are away from it, is the depth of the yearning of the Palestinians for peace, and a normal life, to know their kids will always be able to go to a school without getting beat up, and never have to provoke an Israeli soldier again.
The Whitney is on the ground floor of the Champion International Building, Tresser Boulevard and Atlantic Street in downtown Stamford.
The National Association of Securities Dealers, an industry self-regulatory body that oversees the over-the-counter market, has also begun an inquiry, according to Wall Street executives who have been asked for information by the N.A.S.D.
5 WEST PLEASED AT GAIDAR'S RETURN The return of Yegor T. Gaidar, former Acting Prime Minister, to the Russian Government was good news to experts who saw it as a sign of support for free-market policies.
1 South Africa at the Biennale.
team to the post-season game to meet an opponent from the Atlantic Coast Conference.
As Jordan Lage finds himself increasingly unable to differentiate between the real and the delusory, he is like a Michael Douglas movie character: outwardly normal, inwardly aberrant and soon over the edge.
They flow at rates that most Texas oilmen would pass out at."
The answer has been that that is exactly why it ought to be supported, that the voting booth is a famously poor measure of cultural or educational worth.
To paraphrase a comment by Robin Frank in her catalogue entry, this is a chaste image made subtly sensual by the pink of the cushion, which somehow hints at the flesh lurking underneath the black dress.
Most of them have had to struggle to get where they've gotten."
But the South African leader has, to put it generously, shown little enthusiasm for weeding out the malcontents and freelancers engaged in sabotaging his declared policies.
"We're trying to recapture the Christian community who have looked at us with ideological support but felt put off because of the public perception of who we were."
The neophyte director also finds himself in the center of an art scene that has made great strides without always maintaining its balance.
Mr. Lloyd Webber said the bit of dialogue that inevitably gets the biggest laugh of the night, though, is one that strikes a chord among writers: "Writers with pride don't live in L.A." "The audience just loves that line," he said.
TITO PUENTE, Saturday at 8 P.M. at Carnegie Hall.
But analysts said Zantac, which accounts for 45 percent of the company's sales and an estimated third of its profits, is likely to come under pressure on several fronts.
The lawmaker, Representative David E. Bonior of Michigan, the leading House opponent of the pact, said he would begin sharing the staff, computers and other resources of the whip's office with the pact's supporters.
It sits half finished in a workshop overlooking the bay, with $1 million down and $200,000 to go before it is ready to slip beneath the waves sometime next year.
Homes: Boston and Patmos, Greece.
And the writers normally try to stay so close to reality!
He had a heart attack while warming up for rugby practice, The Times Union of Albany reported today.
Peel eggs, and cut each into 6 wedges.
Today, one of those officials, Jose-Maria Mendiluce, a 41-year-old Spaniard charged with overseeing all United Nations relief efforts throughout the former Yugoslavia, talked as if he, at least, no longer doubted that those warnings could come true.
Of the upcoming ceremony one may indeed pray: From this session interdict Every fowl of tyrant wing Save the eagle, feather'd king: Keep the obsequy so strict.
A non-cable example is Rodale's "Trailside" show on PBS.
And that was the first question out.
Speaking at the 50th-anniversary gala of American Ballet Theater, in January 1990 at the Metropolitan Opera House, Miss de Mille tried to distill the essence of American dance in these words: "Ours is an up beat, a hurried, hasty beat.
Other studies of basic visual mechanisms are delving into how the eye and the brain magnify incoming light so that animals can see clearly both day and night.
Thomaston's cost: $14 million, or $2,000 a person.
The instrumentalists who filled out the concert were from various generations but shared a largely uniform approach.
Defends Use of Clubs The defendants, Sgt.
Although the damage has been most widespread on Fire Island, where more than 35 homes were destroyed, it has been most catastrophic along the narrow, two-mile strip of barrier dunes and sand of Westhampton Beach.
Judge Dickinson Debevoise of Federal District Court did not issue a temporary restraining order to halt the dredging and dumping, which is scheduled to begin Wednesday after a three-year wait.
Why else would I do it?
Sandwiches with truffle oil and truffle butter share a menu with smoked fish salads and sandwiches priced $4 to $13.
But with his cutback ability diminished by the muddy conditions, and with Penn State's comeback hopes necessitating the pass, Carter gained just 29 yards after halftime and was hardly a factor.
She also contended that the decline in the Mayor's standing among Hispanic voters that was suggested by the Daily News poll did not reflect the sentiments she has been hearing as she travels about the city.
Looking like a particularly innocent Basil Fawlty after a night of debauchery, Mr. Maynard is one of the great underappreciated treasures of downtown dance and theater.
Not long ago he was considered a pathological bully with a foul mouth who, until recently, had heard only sour nothings in his ear.
Even homeowners who believe they are fully insured are likely to be lacking coverage, according to Ina De Long of Oakland, a founder of United Policy Holders, a nonprofit consumer advocacy group.
Political Generation Gap At the same time, a political generation gap on trade issues appears to be undermining the agreement's prospects in the House.
To juxtapose "Madonna-esque manipulation of truth" with Monica's "sobbing in its aftermath" (referring to the stabbing) makes it seem that Monica is sobbing unnecessarily.
"I've always been into the men-and-their-fathers thing.
"It was either them driving it or us not executing," said Wade Wilson, the Saints' starting quarterback this season.
"Now you're broke," she said.
During the 28-day voyage to Punta del Este, the yacht's only mainsail, a second-hand sail, ripped many times and had to be restitched.
Now, because of the delay in construction, they will have to live temporarily in a vacant convent in nearby Pittsfield, Mass.
While still in opposition in the late 1980's, Mr. Demirel appointed her an economic adviser, hoping to broaden his party's support from its roots in Turkey's vast hinterland and embrace urban intellectuals and business people.
At 4:40 and 8:40 P.M.
members, they would have committed political crimes, thus making them not extraditable," Mr. Puig said.
"I am confident that the Germans will treat this seriously and we will not have any concerns, and athletes will be safe."
To be sure, a crisis can sometimes break a deadlock in trade talks.
Her best finish last year was a tie for second, at the Mazda L.P.G.A.
As such, his absurdly aggressive persona is particularly appealing to New Yorkers.
He is precisely where he needs to be, and his presence might encourage economists, historians and others who once passed off sport as a trivial pursuit in the black community to refocus on this small but fertile preserve.
"A bridge from the 1950's shouldn't need to be rebuilt already."
"It's either going to get a lot better, or it's going to get a lot worse."
"Downtown has become sort of a hot place to be, too," she added.
Reports in American Press The reports, which included an Aug. 2 Evans and Novak column and an Aug. 5 article in The Washington Post, have put together the new policy document and Mr. Collins's new job, which a senior American official insisted are not connected.
But Don Singleton, a reporter, contradicted him, saying the drivers and pressmen had not lost as many jobs as it seemed, but rather had a cutback of working shifts that had been filled by overtime and casual workers.
"This little sequence offers the opportunity to understand something about the area," said Dr. Leonard Seeber, a seismologist from Columbia University's Lamont-Doherty Earth Observatory in Palisades, N.Y.
Concerned by critical backlogs in appeals court cases coming from most of New York City and its suburbs, Gov.
The provincial government has just begun a crackdown on the "snakeheads" who organize the human smuggling, but it seems that for every Fujianese who has made the journey so far, thousands more would like to join the line.
'The Little House of Cookies' Tada Theater 120 West 28th Street Chelsea (212) 627-1732 Recommended ages: 4 and up Through Jan. 24 In this presentation by the Tada children's theater company, the child actors are in a graffiti-riddled neighborhood, with an abandoned house in the center of the stage.
Once the proper permissions have been logged, Sachs is free to lead his small contingent to the cluttered office of Maksim Boiko, adviser to the chairman of the Committee on State Property Management.
The Americas Society and its affiliate, the Council of the Americas, sponsor lectures, conferences and publications.
But in reality it was the aggressive entrepreneurial companies that regained market share."
That, at least, is the view of a hard-line minority of Federal Reserve Board governors and regional bank presidents who sit on the Fed's policy-making open market committee.
The next panels tell how Anne's family slipped into hiding and what their daily life was like.
His confidence restored, he became ebullient.
First, we should increase our own military capability in the region, and South Korea's.
The cause was a heart attack, the bank's announcement said.
COLOMBIA'S elite is immensely civilized.
Nonetheless, Mr. D'Arby says that with the second album, which he also wrote, arranged and produced, came the realization that he had "something within me to contribute."
New 10-Screen Multiplex To House Four-Story Imax Loews Theaters Management Corporation is planning to open a 10-screen multiplex theater at 67th Street and Broadway next fall.
O'Neill did believe, as Anna puts it, that "we're all poor nuts, and things happen, and we just get mixed in wrong."
The United States has proposed joint work on such a defensive shield, although it would take years to build.
Along with Chemical, they fell to single-A in 1987 when they began to recognize their losses on loans to Latin American countries.
Until its neighbors agree to these accords, Russia has made it clear it will not begin the slow and costly process of eliminating its own nuclear arsenal.
The six Asean countries, which also include Indonesia, Malaysia, Singapore, Thailand and Brunei, have become an important nucleus for the multilateral Asia Pacific economic and security links the Clinton Administration sees as a crucial supplement to traditional cold war alliances.
"It would be nice to have a collection of major architects work on this project," Mr. Weiss said.
Moyer's victory enabled him to win consecutive starts for the first time since April 1989, when he was with Texas.
Some can never handle it."
For the Nets and a near-capacity crowd at Byrne Meadowlands Arena, it was another home opener, another small step early in the new basketball season, another chance to publicly mourn and salute a former player.
"I poured it on my shoes."
Another wrinkle is added when some money from a refinanced mortgage goes to paying off the balance of the old mortgage, and some money is used for home improvements.
The group staged impromptu performances and happenings on the streets of Mexico City.
At a time when several thousand workers are still being laid off every week, asking businesses to take on the added costs of new employees might seem just another of labor's occasional pie-in-the-sky causes.
"With people who hesitate to commit themselves, it's sometimes how they feel when the invitation arrives, not how they think they will feel the day of the party; they can't look far enough ahead," said Dr. Erika Freeman, a psychoanalyst in New York.
He said the Archdiocese did not finance the medical college.
Carlesimo, the Seton Hall head coach.
But it is not a time for carping.
A century-old Episcopal church in the Bronx was virtually burned to the ground in a fire that began late Monday night.
Mr. Hofsiss, racing the cast along the catwalks and the chicken-coop ramps of David Jenkins's set, keeps the show charged with the music of U-2 and other Irish rock bands as background to scene changes.
"It is time to re-evaluate the onerous and costly system of security which has led to the overclassification of documents," Mr. Clinton said in a recent letter to Senator Howard M. Metzenbaum, Democrat of Ohio, a member of the Senate Select Committee on Intelligence.
We are told Crown Heights is a matter of Mayor David Dinkins's incompetence.
Mr. Giuliani has refused to debate if Mr. Marlin is included.
"Bristol-Myers Squibb did congratulate me.
The candidate, Peter Panse, 42, a high school teacher running for Town Supervisor in Wallkill, handed out coupons for discounts at a Dairy Queen in neighboring Middletown as he gathered signatures for his nominating petitions.
Today, Mr. McKean grimly and politely answered several dozen calls from reporters as he struggled with concerns that publicity about the two deaths might encourage students to try suicide to gain attention.
The impression was that even as the battle for the White House seemed to be nearing an end, the struggle over Russia's destiny was entering a new and far broader phase.
Back and forth went the television picture.
POETRY READING, Nuyorican Poets Cafe, 236 East Third Street, East Village.
He was, they said, someone who was finally getting his life straightened out.
The Islamic militant campaign of violence, which began in early 1992, is aimed at overthrowing Egypt's secular Government and installing strict Islamic rule.
But the bumbling of the ring accused of planning the remote-control bombing in April -- including their failure to receive much help from supposed associates in Kuwait and their rush to abandon the explosives and hurry back to Iraq before their mission had been completed -- has puzzled many people who watched the initial day of testimony on June 5.
United Nations officials hope to use the carrot and stick approach by promising aid only to those Somali leaders who co-operate with the United Nations.
This is a grade-A show.
THE HELIOTROPE BOUQUET BY SCOTT JOPLIN AND LOUIS CHAUVIN By Eric Overmyer, based on a libretto by Mr. Overmyer from an idea of Roger Trefousse.
For now, about that logo.
Flatley Is Almost Ready, Too Flatley, who missed his third consecutive game with a sore right knee, said he could be back on Tuesday or for Game 3, at the latest.
It can also give or deny drivers, office space, manned phone banks, message desks, computer mailing lists of voters and a host of other free services.
He felt Coslet had shown him disrespect by benching him last season, but he said he had put the incident behind him.
A few times, she has received collect phone calls from California that she guesses may have been from her son.
But his biggest real-estate prize to date is the fabled Jack Warner estate in Beverly Hills, for which he paid $47.5 million three years ago.
The companies have repeatedly said they cannot wait for national health care reform to control their costs.
And the AIDS epidemic has reignited debate about the balance between public health protection and personal freedom.
Frustrated and frightened, Lafey begs his mother: "Get us out of here.
The chiefs of American League umpiring crews will meet in Tampa, Fla., Thursday, but their National League counterparts do not have a preseason meeting scheduled.
"And I've got an extra pair of panties in my bag."
Lintas Worldwide is serious about keeping an I.B.M.
Meanwhile, gold for October delivery slipped 60 cents, to $357.50 an ounce, on the Commodity Exchange in New York.
Whenever a new child moves into the neighborhood, he or she knocks at the Kimball door to find out if the other children have been lying to him: "Are you really the father of Jiminy Cricket?"
The three-month bill was down seven-hundredths of a percent, to a discount rate of 2.98 percent, while the six-month bill was off two-hundredths of a percent, to 3.18 percent.
Once again, the Administration invites suspicion that its backing of President Aristide is less than wholehearted.
Today the Democratic leaders, who earlier denounced the investigation as politically motivated, seemed to have little to say about it.
But nowadays the threat to life and limb and liberty often grows up just down the street.
Dr. Beekman was active in civic and charitable causes and over the years served on the boards of many medical, community-service, cultural and educational organizations and foundations.
In an interview, Mr. Packwood said the Roseburg women who support him were typical of voters throughout the state.
He has already signed a letter of intent with the University of Miami and says he still might pursue both football and baseball in college rather than turning pro.
"Frankly, I think that competition for minutes, that's what makes a team," said Daly.
The boys, who arrived in the United States on Aug. 17, spent three and a half weeks at camp, where they learned not just to play standard camp sports but also to overcome hostility and suspicion and be friends.
A senior official at Downing Street said earlier today that the Government was confident that the courts would agree that the amendment posed no impediment to ratification.
He added: "Whatizit doesn't reflect the personality of Atlanta.
"At that time of night, I'm groggy myself," said Mr. Korongy, who frequently was driven home by Mr. Ingulli.
International 2-4 TROOPS, SOMALIS AND SHOOTINGS The killing of a 13-year-old Somali boy by a United States marine and the military's lack of helpfulness when his family tried to find out what had happened suggests the difficulties of sending forces trained for combat on other missions.
199, performed better than average, but other schools lagged badly, including most of the poorest schools.
Clearly that's too soon to judge how it's working, or to reconfigure government yet again.
The hopes were partly answered when, within hours of Mr. Murdoch's withdrawal, Steven Hoffenberg, the financier who came close to owning the paper in January, proposed a $1 million plan that would turn control of The Post over to its employees.
The Return of, Gasp, Synthetics "Your modern, state-of-the-art acrylic plant on 200 acres of land -- and that's pretty enough land to take your family there for a picnic -- produces as much fiber as 64 million sheep," said Paul T. O'Day, the president of the American Fiber Manuacturers Association in Washington.
Seven-year-old Jesse Dean Sepulveda, who became known as "Baby Jesse" when he had a heart transplant 16 days after birth, died today, a month after receiving a second new heart.
And it is occurring as Iraq finds itself at another standoff with the United Nations Security Council over plans for monitoring two missile testing sites to insure that Baghdad does not develop forbidden weapons.
But few have concluded that their unhappiness rises to a level that demands all-out opposition.
Equally problematic is the effect that an either-or, all-or-nothing mentality has on the collective dialogue.
The four-hour movie follows the odyssey of a family trying to escape the accelerating horrors of global warming.
Tonight at 9 on MTV, for instance, "Generation Under the Gun" interviews teen-agers in New York, New Orleans and Omaha about the role of guns in their lives.
She was at her most persuasive in Frederic Rzewski's "North American Ballads," a set of pointed, densely textured variations on American folk songs in which she showed a firm command of the American musical vernacular.
"His dating life was our dinner-time conversation."
Mr. Cober has an energetic temper that can be directed at students who are not, in his view, working up to potential.
These twin poles of Mr. Green's experience -- mysterious bliss and intuited evil -- are the prisms through which a wealth of autobiographical detail emerges.
We walked him into the paddock, stood him in the stall a little bit, where he got a bit antsy, and then we took him to the starting gate."
The owners saw the vote as a major step toward forging a new economic relationship with the players.
The speed with which the deal was completed has surprised many, because Mr. Davis had long indicated in merger discussions with Viacom and others that he was unwilling to give up control.
Those now uninsured will be winners; those who must pay the bill, the losers.
And before we did this, the only people I got to show it to were professionals.
"I got married at a time when it was felt that if a woman worked, it reflected her husband's failure," said Luisa Kreisberg, who is 59 and president of the Kreisberg Group, a marketing and public relations firm specializing in the arts.
of Britain for about $70 million.
Stacey Augmon had 17 points and Dominique Wilkins 16 for the Hawks.
Field Work in Anthropology Born on Sept. 27, 1946 in Los Angeles, Yolanda Theresa Moses grew up in Washington State and California, earned a bachelor's degree in sociology from California State University at San Bernardino and a master's degree and doctorate from the University of California at Riverside.
"If we don't find some way that the different ethnic groups can live together in a country, how many countries will we have?"
I have a full crop of gray hair and every damned one of them came as a result of my dealings with Empire Blue Cross and Blue Shield."
Press clothing company, which was a pioneer in upscale men's fashion, died on Friday at the Texas Heart Institute.
"Proceed," the guard orders, and they walk across the square, following a path of traffic stanchions, to the squat, polished mausoleum of dark polished marble.
And it never does make a stimulating connection between America today and in the 1930's or between viewers and anyone on the screen.
According to witnesses and the army, he hurled a hand grenade before falling in a burst of gunfire that set off some of the explosives.
"The economic problems have affected the orchestra in terms of moving quickly.
The MCI Communications Corporation, the nation's second-biggest long-distance carrier, said yesterday it was starting a new program to arrange high-speed local links for large business customers that would allow them to avoid access charges.
Once the home of Fox Movietone newsreels, it was also where "Miracle on 34th Street," "On the Waterfront," "Fail Safe," "Shaft," "The Exorcist," "Sophie's Choice" and "Kramer vs. Kramer" were filmed, as well as television series like "I Spy" and "The Adams Chronicles."
Some art historians consider the color too bold and say a light yellow would have been more correct.
A better value than what people think they get from the supermarket -- the flowers that stay outside in 90 or 24 degrees.
There goes the career in the military."
Mr. Friedman, who was living in France, was in touch only occasionally -- and even then, more as a friend then a collaborator.
There, insects spread out instead of congregating near lights, allowing mourning geckos to eat without interference by house geckos.
Legislators would be well advised to do the same.
"When the army used to come through here it was just to rob the place," said a 22-year-old resident of San Marcos del Norte who gave only his first name, Arturo.
This would entail confinement in a treatment center run by the Department of Health until the age of 16, then in a young offender's center until the age of 21.
A proposal to resurrect the yard would create jobs and revitalize the sagging neighborhood, supporters say.
Mr. Kessler is executive director of the Nutritional Health Alliance and is not related to the F.D.A.
Sixty-three years ago, in a small Italian town, Paola made a suicide pact with her lover, Leo.
And it almost corrupted me."
Wal-Mart Stores reported first-quarter earnings yesterday that met analysts' expectations and seemed to soothe some of the anxiety over its prospects.
Legislators from the city have more incentive to assist it, because many of the cuts the Mayor is proposing would anger their constituents.
AMERICAN NERVOUSNESS, 1903: An Anecdotal History, by Tom Lutz.
But as they spent the past few days completing their briefs for a new round of lawsuits that they say will begin to be filed this week, the lawyers acknowledged that the heat of the debate was drawing them onto a battlefield they would not have chosen as a matter of legal strategy.
"There's a lot I can learn just from being around him, and he seems to have taken an interest in me."
The Italians fry zucchini as the French fry potatoes: in crisp, golden, slender strands.
The Census Bureau reports about 560,000 household workers in the country.
Dr. Florence Nightingale David, an internationally known statistician, died on Friday at her home here.
Heart Technology withdrew the device -- a small, flexible catheter with a diamond-coated burr that spins at up to 190,000 r.p.m.
The ruling was handed down by a special three-judge panel that was created by the law to handle disputes involving the law quickly.
In the early and mid-60's, when I was at Kansas State University, the Taiwanese students, fearing Chiang Kai-shek's secret police, met regularly in my living room.
This scramble collapsed under fresh losses, and Mr. Fogel's father intervened to pay off a small fortune in debt.
New Yorkers are egocentric enough that few would quibble with such an assertion, but Giuliani is stretching to make a political point.
We'll be left with very little negotiating room.
They are afraid that Steinbrenner will move his team to the semi-lush pastures of the Meadowlands in New Jersey and they (the public officials) will forever be remembered as the bozos who lost the Yankees.
If they are not given more freedom, they argue, they will be left to atrophy while their unrestricted brethren dominate the most exciting new areas of telecommunications.
So I thought, 'Let's give them something to shout about.'
(The company no longer knows what sport was being played that day in Miami.)
A boy's life in the American West can be like a summer that never ends.
He mentioned Terry Mills and Mookie Blaylock as prime examples of the Nets' letting talented players go.
No one would call the Four Seasons cozy, but it's comfortable, as it should be with rooms priced from $295 to the $4,000 Presidential suite.
The problem is that NATO has failed up to now to be relevant to the conflict, a failure acknowledged by American and European officials alike.
It is apparently a well-honed habit of Mr. Peterson's, and for the rest of the afternoon they resemble many couples of a certain age as they spar over each other's recollection.
The industry also believes that because it now monitors personnel more closely than it did when the security requirements were drawn up 15 years ago, it should be able to drop some of those requirements.
Sampras allowed Becker six break points, but slammed the door when the German tried to convert them.
But Ms. Kurtz didn't seem to mind.
Some players wish that he would talk more, and few say that he is wasting their time.
Somalia was short of food not because of bad rains, but because of bad reigns -- a succession of venal warlords whose infighting after the 1991 overthrow of the dictator Mohammed Siad Barre disrupted food distribution.
Our players are beginning to realize the two theories on this team: When there's a man open on offense, throw it to him.
The fourth defense lawyer, Thomas Ford, who represents Christopher Archer, is expected to make his presentation next Tuesday after a four-day holiday recess.
With the election still more than four months away, he fretted between stops about building too much momentum too early, but then took advantage of well-orchestrated advance work to address scores of supporters taking a break from their Saturday routines.
In a profound sense, this son of the 50's is running against history.
Afterward, the show will move to the Kansas City Museum, in Kansas City, Mo., from Oct. 9 to Jan. 9, then to the Fraunces Tavern Museum, 54 Pearl Street (Broad Street), in lower Manhattan, from Feb. 10 to March 26.
Some reporting is a matter of interpretation: one reporter describes a facial tic as a grin, a second as a grimace.
Two Ocean Pearl sailings in January call at several Vietnamese ports, while the Royal Odyssey also calls at Danang in January.
"We're partly responsible for the unrealistic hype that we put into this thing," Dr. Sande said.
She had a time of 1 minute 28.50 seconds to beat Wachter by .39.
My father is a lawyer.
Henry Alexander did not want his children to see these mementos.
The African National Congress said he had given his two bodyguards the day off.
Look, Mr. Clinton, No Subsidies!
In addition, the phone has one-touch dialing that allows the driver to call the nine most frequently used numbers at the push of a button.
"I think that somehow made me more focused when I came back to play tennis," he recalled.
A8 Nigerian government bars release of partial election results.
The widow of Frank Loesser and a star of the original production of "The Most Happy Fella" has an light, soaring lyric soprano of a sort that is increasingly uncommon nowadays.
"I think Wayne County was selected as a forum, but that was a decision this office and myself were never part of."
Cliff kept saying as he cleared out his office.
Rene Auberjonois Dr. Julian Bashir .
Speaking of salads, the Caesar is a well-made version of the classic, blessed with homemade garlic croutons.
Mairead Ni Mhaonaigh sings, Ciaran Tourish fiddles and plays the tin whistle player, Daithi Sproule is a guitarist and singer, Ciaran Curran plays guitar and bouzouki and Frankie Kennedy plays the flute.
"The supply-demand balance is not that far out of whack, but we see the potential fight for market share sending prices lower," said William L. Randol at Salomon Brothers Inc. "I don't look for a price collapse, but gradual price erosion."
C16 Dance: The Ballet du Rhin in Washington.
Mr. Mandela's task is complicated by continuing violence in South Africa, including the recent storming of the constitutional talks by hundreds of armed white extremists who damaged the hall and roughed up some delegates and journalists.
"This is not my business," he said.
It was in Manhattan in the late 1960's that she met George Ball, her husband of 19 years, when they appeared together at the Village Gate in "Jacques Brel Is Alive and Well and Living in Paris."
True, you can find no-loads with higher expense ratios than load funds.
With the support of the company's owner, Dr. Ernst Leitz, he built the first Leica, which initially had to be loaded in a darkroom with raw 35-millimeter film -- cartridges had yet to be invented.
Nynex, like the other Bell companies, is eager to pursue the perceived opportunities in the continuing "convergence" of the telephone, cable television and entertainment industries.
One of Ms. Ross's partners in the Crestas, Alain Weill, the founder and former director of the Musee de la Publicite in Paris, said: "One point that all people in this industry think is extremely important is reliability.
In the United States, advocates for immigrants are using scores of test cases, involving rape, domestic violence and defiance of state restrictions on women's activities, to try to expand the grounds for granting asylum.
Source: U.S. Bureau of Labor Statistics."
Outdoor grocers had to hose down the vegetables from time to time to protect them from withering in the uncompromising sun.
'Son of Sam' Similar The last major serial murder case in the region with overlapping jurisdictions occurred in 1978 with the arrest of David R. Berkowitz, who called himself "Son of Sam."
Boris Yeltsin orders the Russian legislature dissolved, and 4,683 miles away, the Dow Jones industrial average sells off 38.56 points.
Third volume from the Bronx County Historical Society.
And even though he collected a run-scoring single off Clemens in a four-run Yankees first inning.
It also said the pilots were "committed to continue negotiations until the appropriate agreement is reached."
This 1945 French classic about theater people in the Paris of Balzac is at once a heart-tugging popular epic and an allegorical evocation of varieties of love and styles of performance.
I am still educating myself and listening to people.
They contend that the regional pride that is surging across Western Europe is different from nationalist movements in the east, where political solutions imposed in the 20th century are unraveling.
On top of that, the program also eats more than 33 megabytes of hard disk space in the course of standard installation.
Yields on one-year bills were unchanged at 3.41 percent with the discount at 3.29 percent.
"This is Shamika," Dr. Hale said proudly, holding the young woman's hand and placing her in front of Toukie Smith, the nightlife diva.
He grew up to become president of the Shelburne Museum, which his mother founded with Havemeyer art and furnishings in Shelburne, Vt.
For the program itself, at least a 286 processor is required, with 640 kilobytes of memory, DOS 3.1 or later and a hard drive.
That figure will stay the same this year, give or take a few thousand dollars.
He doesn't want to alienate me because that would alienate a whole lot of people whom he really needs."
Victor Gotbaum, a retired union leader who is one of the Mayor's two board appointees, said he had no preferences going into the interviews; he added that he would consult with colleagues in the national labor movement in evaluating the candidates.
Time: Saturday, 1 P.M. Class has just ended.
An 18-inch-tall landscaped pot sells for $500.
He said Mr. Morita, who is in intensive care, had not been able to speak, but could respond to his name by squeezing someone's hand.
I remember grumping two years ago when Steffi Graf and Gabriela Sabatini took turns having their service broken, and I whined, "Can't anybody here serve this game?"
"It was like opening up a tomb," recalled the firefighter, William E. Duffy.
The Popular Front's military wing then opened fire and wounded a 45-year-old Fatah supporter, they said.
Vietnam's largest port, until a few years ago backed up with ships waiting to be unloaded and masters and shipping agents angry over costly delays, stands nearly idle.
But they are a minor coda to a major career.
This year the shower is expected to be exceptionally strong because of the recent passage near the Earth of its source, the comet Swift-Tuttle, a mountain of ice and dirt six miles wide that sheds debris as it speeds through the solar system.
Brush parts with a paintbrush to clean them.
How can a zero-coupon bond be used to save money for my grandchild's college education?
Ms. Ogden said she had seen evidence that owls were becoming more active in younger forests, and she suggested that the Federal census that placed the number of breeding pairs at about 3,500 underreported the true population.
He refused to accept any blame.
Their music is the basis for membership, and it's a music that takes one years to become adept at, much less master.
During breaks between sets, you at home can dial an 800 number and buy what everybody at the National Tennis Center can buy!
One name that surfaced yesterday was Bill Wheatley, a longtime senior producer, who was the executive producer of Mr. Brokaw's newscast until three years ago, when he was removed from that job by Mr. Gartner.
*3*** COMPANY REPORTS ** View Full Article in Timesmachine »
The factory will produce Chevrolet pickup trucks selling for about $22,000.
Thomas A. Reppetto of the Citizens Crime Commission agreed with the captain, saying that in a neighborhood like Washington Heights, where the vast majority of residents are opposed to drug gangs, many people want to help the police, and the community policing program gives them an opportunity do so.
While he played a gun-wielding gang member in the 1992 movie "Juice," Mr. Shakur this year played a conscientious postal worker courting Janet Jackson in "Poetic Justice."
Felix G. Rohatyn, who helped lead New York City from the brink of bankruptcy 18 years ago, resigned as chairman of the state board that oversees the city's finances.
"Women have to reach out to whoever they can to take care of their children," said Ms. Miller, a member of the A.F.L.-C.I.O.
The name derives from the English port of Dover, a major market for the thick, meaty fish.
The Egyptian people were enthusiastic about having American tourists visiting their cities and appreciating their culture.
I didn't want to be a boss."
At Mr. Ferre's subsequent runway show, creativity took a different turn.
They saw the masks made by previous Woodlands students (last year's were on display at the Greenburgh Public Library).
The two pictorial traditions alternately ebbed and surged, Ms. Blum explains, but the overall trend was toward a division of disciplines and roles.
SEATTLE SEAHAWKS -- Agreed to terms with Ray Donaldson, center, on a two-year contract.
The restoration was approved by the Oyster Bay Landmarks Preservation Commission.
To balance it, the Florio administration is counting on about a billion dollars in added revenues from increased tax collections resulting from expected economic growth.
"It's no secret that he was throwing at me and I have to do what I have to do to protect myself, and I don't care who it is," Ventura said.
Mr. Hicks said that when Spur Products was still in California, some of its employees made four-hour round-trip commutes every day.
The main thing is that if Lawrence can be objective enough to look at film and see that he's getting beat on plays, then that's the main thing.
Some of his suggestions turn out better than the magazines' or TBWA's; it was his idea to ask artists to create their versions of the Absolut bottle, which has resulted in scores of distinctive ads like "Absolut Warhol."
Among the native-born Americans are some second- and third-generation Muslims who are rediscovering the faith of their ancestors.
Let me help you get it off.'
Politicians spend 90 percent of their time looking for personal and party advantage.
Some analysts expect that Windows NT and the Unix variants will demand 12 to 16 megabytes of system memory and 50 to 100 megabytes of hard disk space before they will do any useful work.
And it vastly improved procedures by which regulators could close a bank before it tumbled into bankruptcy and required a costly infusion of taxpayer money to pay off insured depositors.
Airbus includes British Aerospace P.L.C., Aerospatiale of France, Deutsche Aerospace A.G. of Germany and CASA of Spain.
At one home, where the elderly owners were busy with spring planting and pruning of an impressive garden, the officers received a warm welcome.
Skadden, for instance, has opened 12 overseas offices with 60 lawyers since recruiting Mr. Shapiro in 1986 to head the effort.
Like most people who achieved their broadest fame in movies, she seems frozen in memory at the point when that fame was greatest, and one still thinks of her poised resiliently on the cusp of middle age, as she was in her Oscar-winning performance in "Alice Doesn't Live Here Anymore," nearly 20 years ago.
"We have a beautiful, deluxe room for you," said the clerk at the reservations desk when my wife and I checked in.
Does it really protect me or not?"
It left the rating for bonds backed by legislative appropriation at Baa1, which ranks the state in a tie with Louisiana and ahead only of Massachusetts.
Hitting his irons with the control and sense of distance he has sometimes lacked in the clutch, he missed only two greens in regulation.
And there is the occasional setback like the decision last week by Howard Koeppel to withdraw about $50,000 worth of commercials for his Infiniti, Mitsubishi and Nissan auto dealerships in Queens.
But it faces a military threat straight out of its nightmarish past.
The Institute of Nuclear Power Operations, a utility group formed after the Three Mile Island accident to increase communication among utilities and bring peer pressure to bear on those with operating problems, last year sponsored 275 undergraduate scholarships and 40 graduate-level fellowships.
"I can do what I want.
This program has moved India's economy from statist dependency on the Soviet Union toward privatization and long-term growth.
One can dial Brian Jackson-Pownall, the proprietor, direct at (33) 94.76.96.79 in Seillans.
Ratings: Poor Satisfactory Good Very Good Excellent Extraordinary Ratings are based on the reviewer's reaction to food and price in relation to comparable establishments.
Part of the problem is that Mike Sherrard, the Giants' fastest receiver, is out for the season with a broken hip.
At least 625 new construction jobs will be created directly in the initial phase, and Mr. Goldman said he hoped to attract as many as 650,000 visitors a year once the center is completed, providing permanent employment at the center for more than 470 people.
Discussing the latest reversal, voters expressed exasperation over the handling of the nomination of Lani Guinier to lead the Justice Department's civil rights office.
The money would come from the Metropolitan Transportation Authority's "Fare Deal" plan.
Journalists have a job to do, and cannot pull their punches at wrongdoing on the assumption that high officials may be mentally ill. Presidents and their appointees have a job to do, too; it includes the swift protection of the public interest when a person entrusted with the nation's secrets is found with a bullet in the head.
Then the 1992 playoff hero, Francisco Cabrera, singled in the tying run, but the Braves would get no more as the wobbly Williams struck out Mark Lemke and got pinch-hitter Bill Pecota to fly out.
In general, experts recommend reducing the mileage the final week and increasing the intake of carbohydrates like breads and pasta.
And a stenciled fabric contains portraits of King George and Queen Mary alongside an image of the legendary winged horse that carried Muhammad to Jerusalem.
News reports said the deal was for about $12 million and included incentives totaling $3 million to $4 million.
The most summery backpack, though, is at Barneys New York and is $65.
The Economy New York, New Jersey and Pennsylvania stand to reap tens of millions of dollars from a revamping of the Government survey from which unemployment rates are calculated.
Dr. Mendillo said the telescope system had been developed to study the sodium nebula around Jupiter.
The sooner all that happens, the better.
He soared for a rebound, sandwiched between two taller Bulls, and made a midair layup before hitting the ground.
One cousin testified that Jose Menendez had forced her to eat caviar at dinner even though she preferred fish.
"I lost my father when I was very young, and his loss is enmeshed with my memories of this," said Mr. McCabe.
Matthews states that "after 10 P.M. the campus, with its wild drinking and unprotected sex, is almost entirely adultless."
The food was rich and spicy, the wine was plentiful, the hospitality overwhelming.
Killed by Shots to the Head The dead were identified as Jecenia Rivera, 21, of 283 Cypress Avenue in Mott Haven, the Bronx, and Acinorev Elizabeth Wang, 20, Angela Lopez, 20, and Miguel Natel, 20, all of whom shared an apartment at 1435 Harrod Avenue in the West Farms section of the Bronx.
One measure of the severity of hypertrophic cardiomyopathy is known as a pressure gradient in the heart.
"If President Clinton tomorrow sent a bill up here to praise apple pie and motherhood," declared George J. Mitchell of Maine, the Democratic leader, "I predict to you that the Republicans would offer an amendment that says apple pie is evil and motherhood is insidious."
Instead, their earnings are passed through to stockholders, who pay taxes based on their personal income bracket.
Ms. Toffler argues that most business relationships are built on continued dealings, rather than isolated gifts.
It confuses both locals and tourists.
The rush to emerging markets debt began in 1989 when investors embraced the "Brady bonds," conceived by Nicholas F. Brady, then the Treasury Secretary, to resolve the Latin America debt mess created when Mexico and other countries defaulted on their American bank loans.
"We Americans have no confidence in the economy's future and that is making everyone anxious about Nafta," Professor Solow said.
Because of an editing error, an article yesterday about the judicial system in El Salvador misidentified a Salvadoran who came forward last year with allegations of official corruption.
25 PROGRESS IN VIRUS FIGHT Federal researchers have grown in a laboratory the virus that causes a fatal illness first reported among Indians in New Mexico.
I just got so choked up I couldn't finish the story.
With wood siding, that can be accomplished with a circular saw.
They pointed out that every time he hurt the hamstring this year, he took the next week off and still re-injured it.
"Once you open your mouth, you show how ignorant you are."
Gone but Not Forgotten Police officials familiar with the thinking of both sides say that Chief O'Connor is still trying to overcome the strong impression made by Mr. Bratton, an aggressive commander whose legend among the rank and file seems to have grown since he resigned last January.
WORONOFF: I would say that as far as welfare is concerned, we need to have programs that fit the people's needs, rather than programs that lead people into who we want them to be.
The company does not charge any royalties.
"It's either a betrayal or an accomplishment that we're now taken seriously."
The 24-year old Garagozzo, who was 4-6 with a 4.48 earned run average at Class AA Albany, must remain on Minnesota's major league roster for the entire season or the Twins will have to offer him back to New York.
"Marker W-5," also in stained wood, is a squat rhomboid supported on the floor by small tilted cubes.
Revolutionary statistical algorithms may soon enable pollsters to plumb the civic mood meal to meal, newsbreak to newsbreak.
Earlier this month, his administration negotiated a deal with two private developers to build a 30,000-seat amphitheater in Hartford.
He doubled the strong one-club bid, in is his methods showing two suits, either both black suits or both red suits.
"If we allow adults to get divorced, it is the parents' responsibility, as hard as it is, to put the welfare of their children first.
For months, he had been losing this battle; in the formulation of the economic plan, his pleas for $2 in spending cuts for every $1 in tax increases were countered inside the economic council by the passionate, articulate arguments of Robert Reich.
Which is what happened to Mrs. Horn.
The left-hander, who has all three of Atlanta's victories against the Giants this year, allowed three runs on eight hits, walked two and struck out two in his second complete game of the season.
How's that for a big day at the races?
Mr. Weir, who bought a downtown Washington beauty salon in 1975, styled the hair of Virginia H. Knauer, who was President Ronald Reagan's adviser for consumer affairs.
Mayor David N. Dinkins, who has generally discussed his Republican-Liberal opponent, Rudolph W. Giuliani, in gentle and refined tones, lashed out at him yesterday, suggesting that he takes few positions on substantive issues and is inclined to change his mind whenever he does.
The five-year study will examine the preventive benefits of tamoxifen in 16,000 women over the age of 35 who are considered at high risk of developing breast cancer.
Dr. Antelo said Cuban officials were investigating the possibility that the outbreak was due to a virus, possibly from the Coxsackie group.
Ms. Hamburg, who is 36, was instrumental in shaping AIDS research strategies when she was an assistant director at the National Institutes of Health.
In its survey of the earlier years, "Mo' Funny" is astute but inevitably sketchy.
"We measured the surface roughness" of ivory keys, said Salvadore Calabrese, one of the seven engineers named in the patent, "and the height of the peaks and valleys, and how the peaks and valleys are oriented to each other."
In an effort to reduce overhead expenses, special services, like the distribution of brochures to walk-in visitors and travel counseling in person, are no longer available.
So, he told the receiver to stand still.
But it's hardly the first ban instituted by a new Administration.
"Judgment Night" is rated R (Under 17 requires accompanying parent or adult guardian).
"Pilots who are not motivated because they are in a dead-end job and going nowhere do not promote a safer operating environment," Mr. Smith said.
Pablo Zinger will conducting the Bronx Arts Ensemble in works by three Latin-American composers and the Spanish master Manuel de Falla.
He has pleaded not guilty by reason of insanity to the Federal felony counts, claiming he began to suffer delusional bouts in August 1991, after Ms. Silverman broke off their four-year affair.
He completed 11 of 16 passes for 225 yards and the two scores to Iwan.
's operating system, has been estimated as much as $1 trillion.
Two other pieces were less effective.
A Shift to Clinics Also keeping costs up is the tendency for hospital stays to be long, at least longer than in the United States.
"We'd get up at two in the morning and do it."
Manager Buck Showalter has been second-guessed for leaving starting pitchers in too long, supposedly because he doesn't trust his crew of relievers.
"I don't have the time.
The staff is extremely cordial, though the waitresses do not yet seem familiar with the menu or cuisine.
And without China's cooperation, sanctions would have little meaning, as it is one of the few countries that still trades with North Korea.
Mr. Proctor, Councilman Charles Millard, a Manhattan Republican, and other critics insist that the city will lurch from crisis to crisis on the budget because, after four years of recession, New York's tax base cannot support all the services the government provides.
The Manns were so articulate.
Perhaps the greatest danger, according to some jury consultants, is that jurors will enter a case with their own agendas.
Also, spin off the AS/400 business while it's as profitable as it is.
G.M., the largest auto maker in the world, lost billions of dollars during a three-year slump, and has not regained its financial strength, experts generally acknowledged.
Do things suddenly look shaky for the Bulls as they approach Game 4 of their championship playoff series with the Phoenix Suns?
"Now, they say, 'Got any tickets?'
Mario M. Cuomo, meanwhile, applauded Attorney General Robert Abrams for filing a suit aimed at not allowing convicted killer Thomas Grasso to profit from selling his story.
A6 A pro-Israel lobbyist is forced to quit after insulting Jews.
Then he smoothly segued into a detailed account of why the letter did not condone new contracts with the company.
Makers of software, personal computers and work stations joined in the industry's rally.
"You wear this stupid-looking harness," she said.
They are also updating the curriculum.
His clients call in from around the world.
"Hopefully," the Commissioner said, "we're on the verge of some major development breakthroughs."
Most of the funds plan to continue investing outside China despite the S.E.C.
But there was no sign that Council members were contemplating military intervention to defend Sarajevo.
Mr. Garofano also said that Mr. Gardini had concealed huge Ferruzzi losses in Montedison accounts on the Chicago futures market.
Instead, the Jets haven't had another loss.
In 1952, Mrs. Goodman began her association as a nongovernmental representative at the United Nations through the World Union of Progressive Judaism.
Although Mr. Culkin has top billing, Mr. Wood serves as the hero of this story.
The company denies making unsafe products or being deceptive.
For example, the company also has patents for a version of Prozac, a leading anti-depression drug, with fewer side effects.
So plentiful were other Rhodes Scholars among the senators who introduced Mr. Woolsey or were serving on the panel that Senator John H. Chafee, Republican of Rhode Island, groused good-naturedly about what he called "a Mafia that's taking over the Administration."
To the Editor: Because of the intemperate times we live in, I expected no more than a relatively brief honeymoon period upon being elected president of the New York City Board of Education on May 12.
The client will say: "But I didn't know what I was doing when I indemnified them.
The three-story shingle house was designed by E. K. Rossiter, an architect who designed the Gunn Museum and several homes in the area.
It's a stunt, but it's a stunt that works far more effectively than anybody in his right mind has reason to expect.
He's fully aware of objections to his work -- that his characters are often one-dimensional, that he manipulates sentiment, that he's a master of cliches, that he has a child's-eye view of the world.
Other late dollar rates in New York, compared with late Wednesday's rates, included: 1.6380 German marks, down from 1.6460; 1.5195 Swiss francs, down from 1.5235; 5.5590 French francs, down from 5.5860; 1,563 Italian lire, down from 1,565, and 1.24365 Canadian dollars, up from 1.24225.
And so I never thought much about it when we were clearly losing money and never knew until obviously the accountant closed the books out exactly how much we had lost.
Despite months of pleas by Bosnian officials, Srebrenica received no United Nations relief aid until Nov. 28, when local Serbian militiamen allowed a truck convoy to pass through their lines and into the town.
"A lot of people see there's no monster horse out there and are taking shots," said Tom Bohannan, who trains Prairie Bayou for the Loblolly Stable of Arkansas.
There was the Bassano of the 1540's and 1550's, whose tumultuous images of tangled bodies, rendered in acid tones, are among the great examples of Italian Mannerist painting.
Mr. Gabriel is a genuine fan of world music who founded both Womad and Real World Records.
But Hershon also recommended that the pitcher seek a second opinion from a specialist.
"We'd need four drives to get this many donations in one night," said Rita Polchin, director of donor recruitment for the center.
She did not get to see the movie.
And so testimony in the desegregation suit pains teachers and students, as civil rights lawyers expose the city's failings to show how a concentration of poor children in schools harms their education.
Predictably, California has the strictest beauty regulations.
I like to add onions, garlic and some fresh thyme to my rice.
The magazine was founded in 1855 by the landscape painter William Stillman and John Durand, son of the Hudson River School artist Asher B. Durand, who contributed articles along with William Cullen Bryant and other well-known writers and critics.
Meanwhile, the team unveiled its 1992 season highlight film yesterday.
United Nations military officials say they expect another 6,000 in the next month before they begin the process of disarming the city and patrolling it in large numbers.
A main course of pepper-crusted medallions of venison with wild-mushroom hash, and honey-sherry vinegar demiglace will be prepared by the executive chef, David B. Joyce, and his staff.
Grandpa's medals are being polished and Cossack schools established.
He said that there were still difficult problems over the map, but that he still thought an overall peace agreement "is possible in the next couple of days," providing the leaders continue their negotiations.
On its amazing journey from medieval fortress to grand royal palace and finally to one of the world's superstructures of culture, there is no stopping the Louvre.
The only thing left to resolve was how to assuage the concerns of two Republican state senators, James J.
Mr. Cronkite perhaps faces a dilemma common only to very famous people -- how to stay in the game and remain active even after the glory days are over.
When she was a freshman at Science High School, a counselor directed her to the foundation, which brings inner-city youngsters to tennis -- but not just to tennis.
"I've been here long enough to see those sites bustle and then become abandoned," said Richard Propper, the president of the Hub Third Avenue Business Improvement District and a local merchant.
Schnitzer Steel Industries Inc., Portland, Ore., an initial public offering of 2.75 million shares, 2.51 million in the United States and Canada.
He copied the dictionary, page by page, struggling to pronounce the words and to commit the definitions to memory.
A revival of Jane Bowles's 1953 drama, set in a California beach town, about an aristocratic woman and her daughter.
"As long as there is that capability out there, Stratcom has a very important mission."
Records have been set at cities that attract tourists, like Anaheim, Calif., Orlando, Fla., and Las Vegas, Nev.
While Notre Dame might be capable of 50 touchdowns in 12 games, the Jets are no offensive match -- they scored 23 touchdowns in 16 games last season.
Murray, 27, leads the United States in international appearances and goals.
"Look, my father has come here and visited twice and there hasn't been any problems," he said.
This moisture adds humidity to the air around the plants and is slowly available to the houseplants that rest on the mat.
The Contempo Casuals division continued to struggle, however, and Mr. Tarr warned that Neiman will probably post a loss in the second half of its fiscal year, which ends June 30.
A7 The church struggles with the issue of how to bury Lenin.
If the phones are used a lot, 1,500 are likely to be installed over the next two years.
Last week, as a visitor toured the school, two escalators were shut down and an alarm was blaring.
Even after a major report detailing bribery and patronage abuses in Bronx District 12, three board members implicated in the report were re-elected.
Less Than It Seemed Even the withdrawal from Mount Bjelasnica was less significant than it was made to seem by United Nations commanders in Sarajevo and peace negotiators in Geneva.
While my children and my husband had gone to religious schools and had become bar or bat mitzvahed when they were quite young, I became a bat mitzvah when I was in my late 30's.
But one lawyer expressed the expectation that executives in New York would be involved in the inquiry.
A Few Muslims Vote Although some Muslims quietly voted in some Serbian-controlled towns, they were expected to make up a tiny minority of those casting ballots today and Sunday.
"They know we are a big company and they just want to hold us up to buy out their lease at a high price," said Robert Gottlieb, Sony's lawyer.
WRS Publishing, 701 North New Road, Waco, Tex.
Darling (1-3) won for the first time since Sept. 21.
When upside down, you would essentially be supporting most of your weight with your neck.
asked one boy about the statue.
To us, who live in these houses, they are quite real."
Mark Green, a candidate for public advocate, proposed that computer access to government information be provided widely.
Picture windows run the length of the ground floor, and narrow vertical windows, apparently two stories high, are arranged on the overhanging upper section.
They see it as yet another attempt to rob us of our landmark, a threat to the area we know and love.
The city's Department of Mental Health, in conjunction with the Greater New York Red Cross, maintained a 24-hour telephone line for more than a month, with six counselors who answered questions and made referrals to clinics and doctors who offered pro bono services to blast survivors.
But, she added, "Changing the face of the Junior League is a long and arduous process."
The evening is a tribute to Mr. Rorem in his 70th-birthday year.
Naturally, there's a waiting list.
The authority also said that it would centralize responsibility for its nuclear plants under Ralph E. Beedle, the executive vice president for nuclear generation.
Among other things, the law requires television stations to show that they have addressed the "educational and informational" needs of children.
Michael responded, "If I can get rid of salary."
With the score 4-4, Young took over.
Charles R. E. Lewis, executive director of the Center for Public Integrity, a research group here, said the Matsuis were unusual because "normally with these spousal things, they rarely work on the same issue."
For instance, Margaret Richter of New York City wrote to say: "I do not think women have to have an obnoxious voice or chronically display anger to push for a cure for breast cancer.
I further assumed that this amount would increase at the rate of 3 percent per year for cost-of-living adjustments.
Forest Oil Corp., Denver, 10 million common shares.
He also had to be away during the day to attend classes in computer science at Monroe College in the Bronx and work part time as a data processor.
Another factor was the rejection by the Government of programs of trade adjustment assistance, which have been enacted in the United States, giving workers special help if imports wipe out their jobs.
They would outlaw Cairo's belly dancers as well as the country's secular education system.
For several decades he advocated better relations with both the Soviet Union and China, including giving the mainland Chinese membership in the United Nations.
I'm known for floral accords, bottoms and cleavage."
Three of the five economic writers at Pravda, including Ms. Repkova, left to found Trend.
His Beaux-Arts mansion, built between 1909 and 1911, houses his late-18th- and early-19th-century British art collection; a separate library holds his rare book and manuscript collection, and his botanical gardens now cover 120 acres.
The game has only just begun: In the next year, Sega of America plans to release a "virtual reality" helmet, an interactive cable TV channel and other new technologies.
After a lame start under the eyes of journalists, one negotiating committee of Israelis and Palestinians moved to a secret location in Cairo.
Isn't self-preservation the first law of the Beltway?
Mr. Shure and others say they believe that Mr. Imus has already decided to back Mr. Florio for a second term, but Mr. Imus says he hasn't yet taken that step.
The Prime Ministers praised Mr. Hume for his efforts today, but did not mention Mr. Adams.
According to figures from the American Association of Suicidology, 4,751 people in that age group committed suicide in 1991, and some experts say that the rate of teen-age suicides has tripled or quadrupled since the early 1950's.
Frankly, who isn't going to cotton to this man?
But he added that the main reason he made the change was that he didn't think the work was good enough.
The sanctuary, some residents and the Sierra Club have filed a lawsuit to try to change details of a plan for a subdivision of 110 houses planned by Toll Brothers for a 125-acre tract that bisects the marsh.
In a ruling issued Monday, Judge Dorsey similarly dismissed the municipalities and more than a score of businesses as defendants.
Mr. Brown cited a test that Cablevision ran in Huntington to scramble all the signals and require converters.
Few people are supporting him.
No Chemical Residues Mr. Precht also elicited the acknowledgment that no chemical residues indicative of explosives were found on the metal pieces, and that despite the supposed searing heat and force of the blast, some rubber on the metal had not been burned away and the pieces themselves seemed not to have traveled far from the site of the explosion.
There have been at least eight recordings, counting studio and live productions.
Your feelings can be hurt all the time."
Ida Kavafian is the music director.
PHYLLIS H. WOLLMAN New York, N.Y.
Their family name is well known to Western historians.
Nothing New for Dinkins Instead, he said, Mayor Dinkins has had his eye on a tennis ball, drafting the U.S.T.A.
Then a judicial commission headed by Justice Richard J. Goldstone took months of testimony, including some from black police constables who said they had seen colleagues assisting in the kill.
The decline, which was larger than expected, trimmed the unemployment rate to 10 percent of the work force, from 10.1 percent in October.
After a few minutes, he left, having decided to get his girlfriend a book.
Next she'd probably want me to quit having True Detective and the Police Gazette lying around the shop, I said, just kidding her, you know, the way you do with your bride after you've been married 20 or 30 years so she knows how to take a joke.
But with temperatures remaining in the mid-90's, the drop from last week's 100-plus temperatures was too little, too late.
Lincoln Center has long been active in providing access for the disabled.
Federal officials say the cries of these children are raising alarms across the nation about how meat, particularly hamburger, is processed, inspected and cooked.
But the chancellor of the Sante Fe Archdiocese, the Rev.
Possibility of Basque Area Plant Another reason why Mr. Lopez initially agreed to accept the Volkswagen offer might have been the German company's willingness to discuss eventually building an assembly plant in the Basque region of Spain.
L. Douglas Wilder of Virginia, the first black elected Governor; Senator Carol Moseley-Braun, the first black woman in the Senate, and Lani Guinier, who became a cause celebre in civil rights circles when she was nominated as assistant attorney general for civil rights only to see her nomination withdrawn by Mr. Clinton.
These are the "nontraditional students" who will not perform in the same way as previous students have performed if special efforts are not made to prevent them from feeling insecure and alienated.
Newmont Mining, in which Sir James Goldsmith sold a large stake earlier this week, rose 2 3/4 point, to 50 1/2.
Next week: effects on bones and joints.
Indeed, Minnesota is the favorite, and according to conventional wisdom the winner of the Minnesota-Providence game will be favored to win the championship.
"The mere threat to withdraw would be a serious move that could have unforeseeable consequences," one German expert said.
Dr. David A. Kessler will be reappointed Commissioner of the Food and Drug Administration, while Dr. Bernadine P. Healy has been asked to resign as director of the National Institutes of Health, officials of the Health and Human Services Department said today.
Information: (212) 749-2802, or from the Manhattan School of Music, 120 Claremont Avenue, New York, N.Y. 10027.
He was a visiting and adjunct professor at the University of Texas in Austin from 1984 until last year.
Credit cards: American Express, Mastercard, Visa.
At large companies, more than half the workers are in the midst of downsizing, and 40 percent report cuts in the numbers of managers.
Also yesterday, the Phillies acquired left-handed reliever Mark Davis, a former Cy Young award winner, from the Atlanta Braves for a minor league pitcher, Brad Hassinger.
But as Mr. Yeltsin's slowdown of reform shows, the pledge is politically risky since shrinking the deficit means cutting subsidies to factories.
Judge Corriero said that teen-agers in particular, separated from family and school, need swift attention.
The International Business Machines Corporation said yesterday that it had resumed full shipment of its Thinkpad 500 subnotebook computer with a new battery unit.
As members of the Council, Mr. Del Vecchio said, both of his opponents agreed to hire an outside consultant to conduct a three-phase study of the area.
Israelis and Palestinians lived together in the same house for days at a stretch, taking all meals together, drinking and chatting well into the night.
On an operating basis, Du Pont's profits fell to $167 million in the fourth quarter, or 24 cents a share, from $232 million, or 34 cents, a year earlier.
ONE DAY DURING THE WEEK Alaska Housing Finance Corp., $143.9 million of debt securities.
In April, Mr. Nagy, 52, said, he will leave the van parked behind the Amityville car lot and hit the road again with his pushcart, collecting cans by day and staying in wooded areas on his portable folding cot at night.
They also seem to reflect a continuing crisis about the merits of size: from big consoles with little screens to medium screens, then giant screens, and forward (backward?)
Speaking to reporters, the White House envoy, Robert B. Oakley, also said he would not rule out a meeting with General Aidid.
Henri Soule, who came to the United States for the 1939-40 World's Fair and then opened Le Pavillion in Manhattan, was a prime example.
She had little sympathy for the experimental abstract choreography of Merce Cunningham, and in "America Dances," a history published in 1981, she called Twyla Tharp's choreography "tiresomely neurotic."
Those of us who enjoy watching Monty Python and the Three Stooges -- and who don't mind when serious matters are leavened to the point of levitation -- will chuckle and scowl and ponder the deft play of meanings.
Orders for the fourth quarter were a record $5.5 billion, up 24 percent from $4.4 billion in the fourth quarter of 1992.
In June, the accounting office completed eight classified reports that concluded the Pentagon had deliberately misled Congress in the 1980's about the cost, the performance and the necessity of the most expensive weapons systems built for nuclear war against the Soviet Union.
The legislation, the daylong debate over it and the party-line vote of 259 to 160 echoed an election-year battlewaged in Congress last spring and summer over voter registration.
Dr. Grey noted, however, that the Energia is a new vehicle whose reliability is unproven.
BRAD DALUISO, in fact, has made 70-yarders before in practice.
That first airborne attack, involving paratroopers dropped from airplanes and troops flown into enemy territory on gliders, made American military history, but it was carried out with severe losses.
Loved it, especially the background scenes of mountains with cooling, soothing snowcaps.
"They apparently see what happened in Waco as an indication that A.T.F.
"We came down to vote because we got a good education and feel we owe to the children of today what we were given," Mrs. Cox said.
Her father is the minister of Bryn Mawr Church in Minneapolis.
So what did he do Sunday in a 55-17 rout of the Lions?
"When you're faced with a tough situation, it's up to you to get through that situation.
The magic of reading, William H. Gass writes, is that when we do it, "thought seems to grow a body."
106 in the quarter, and the year included an incremental cost of $ 7,207,000 from the adoption of FAS No.
"The parents are going to have to stand in the hallway," he said yesterday.
Just look at the slope-sided skyscraper Gordon Bunshaft built at 9 West 57th Street in 1974.
The museum will also sponsor a three-day amber jewelry show to promote the reopening of its dinosaur display next month.
Now that situation has changed.
At the Brucke Museum, 9 Bussardsteig; (030) 831 2029, a new show of the work of Ernst Ludwig Kirchner, the influential German Expressionist artist, will run until Jan. 9.
Sunday night's experience should be a lesson to office workers everywhere who regard sign-out rules as just a bother.
On a domestic airline ticket, Travel Avenue rebates 7 percent of the cost to the client, while charging a $10 booking fee for each ticket.
"This hospital has provided a tremendous amount of support in terms of medical care for patients with AIDS."
You need to look at what nature plants, along the roadsides and edges of woods.
President Mobutu left Zaire last Friday for dental treatment in France.
The company completed its initial public offering of 1.6 million shares on Oct. 28.
She is a dancer and an editor of television commercials in New York.
The abduction of their young son creates a crisis for a New York man and woman and for the woman's first lover.
It didn't work, but the audience, awash in Wexford conviviality, seemed amused, or at least bemused, and all performances sold out.
Instead of being an air-to-air fighter to replace the Air Force's F-15, the F-22 is being adapted to strike targets on the ground, increasing its versatility.
The dispute involved a sealant used in a dam being constructed near Aberdeen, Miss., at a cost of less than $6,000.
Orange juice, sugar and pork futures soared today amid concerns that severe storms over the weekend had damaged crops and hog farms, analysts said.
"He said he thought maybe luxury decontrol was what was required now," Mr. Klein said.
New York would require changes in the chemical makeup of a host of consumer products, including deodorant and hair spray.
"The area's unstable; that's why we haven't been allowing people in there," said William Cahill, a spokesman for the authority, who said the collapse "wasn't significant" and no one was injured.
Nobody's land has become everyone's garden.
Oddly, the most persistent questioning of Ms. Baird came from Democrats, while Republicans rushed to her defense.
Rules Changes The FIFA board meeting did produce several rules changes.
The museum is open Wednesday through Sunday from 10 A.M. to 5 P.M., and on Tuesday from 10 A.M. to 8 P.M.
Last week, Jay Sonin, the president and owner of the Record Hunter, was inside doing the grim work of taking his final inventory, making sure his final tax bill would be paid and answering the endlessly ringing phone.
But few people or places want to be linked to a fatal disease.
It also included nonrecurring expenses of $ 36 million in restructuring charges, $ 20 million in provision for foreclosed properties related to a bulk sale of real estate assets and a $ 14 million write-down in the value of excess servicing rights.c-Included an extraordinary gain of $ 3,000,000, or 4 cents a share, from a net operating loss carryforward.d-Included gains of $ 15,200,000, or 18 cents a share, from tax-loss carryforwards and $ 22.3 million from the sale of consumer loan pass-through certificates.Shawmut said that net income included securities gains of $ 100,000 in the latest quarter, $ 5.3 million in the latest 9 months, $ 11.2 million in the year-ago quarter and $ 79.6 million in the year-ago 9 months.The company also said that net income for the latest quarter reflected a lower effective income tax rate due to the recent enactment of tax legislation.
A Manhattan judge has thrown out a highly unusual criminal contempt charge against a lawyer who refused to tell a grand jury who had paid her legal fees.
"If you're doing this, you do it, otherwise you stay in class."
Around Mazar-i-Sharif, road crews were repairing the cracked and rutted asphalt that forms most of this town's streets.
"All of us are looking to build long-term relationships," he said.
Was there a chance of success?
The crowds can be as interesting as the horses at this major social occasion.
It's an economic thing mainly.
SO far, Stiefel's clinical trials have not determined whether the reduced irritation results from the apparent timed-release properties of Nurture, Mr. Fried said.
Mrs. Schroeder was among Mr. Koresh's followers who were inside the compound 10 miles east of here when two truckloads of agents of the Bureau of Alcohol, Tobacco and Firearms pulled up on Feb. 28.
"They want to laugh, they want to cry," he said.
A 16-year-old mare isn't considered old.
United Nations officials say they hope that the convention will be ratified by the necessary 50 countries by the end of this year.
In a reprise of their earlier years, father and son have still not met face to face since the colonel's return from Somalia.
The raucous cabaret songs that Joel Grey and the girls in garters and fish-net hose barked out to the customers of the Kit Kat Klub had a bitterly ironic purpose -- marking the progressive moral decline of Germany before World War II.
A new jury will have to be seated if the motion succeeds, they said.
The outspoken Mayor Sterling called the bridge "a rape of Bayville" and in 1972 compared the project to "the carpet bombing of the B-52's on Hanoi."
Peter Sutherland, an Irish lawyer with a strong record of fighting trade protectionism, was named today to be the new Director General of the General Agreement on Tariffs and Trade, with the mandate of bringing long-stalled trade liberalization talks to an early conclusion.
Many businesses have offered a helping hand; Sports Illustrated has offered to coordinate the acquisition of books and creation of educational programs, book donors include Random House and the Trumpet Club/ Bantam-Doubleday Dell Publishing, and Sony has offered 50 mini-disk electronic encyclopedias.
"You show people this in an honest, straightforward way, and they get the message real quickly," Mr. Karatz said.
In a 1992 article in the Yale Law Journal entitled "The Untenable Case For Chapter 11," they proposed that stockholders and junior creditors be given the opportunity to come up with the cash to pay off secured creditors, thereby taking control of the bankrupt company, or face the speedy sale of assets and the likelihood of walking away empty-handed, since they are the last on the chain of claims in a bankruptcy case.
In when-issued trading, the seven-year note was being offered at a price to yield 5.58 percent.
" While working on the book, the author dreamed about Szilard several times.
Landlords generally get volume discounts and decent terms from subcontractors, making prebuilding cheaper than customizing on a tenant-by-tenant basis.
Columbia 29, Cornell 24 ITHACA, N.Y., Nov. 13 (Special to The New York Times) -- Columbia held off a late Cornell rally to upset the Big Red, 29-24, today for the second straight season.
After a lull Saturday night, for instance, just as the tides were building along the New Jersey coast, the winds shifted away from offshore.
His manager said that there was nothing amiss and that he would turn up for the current run of concerts.
"Because of the loss of licensing income," Mr. Kors said, "we had no choice but to do this.
President Clinton said that some people are reluctant to vote for candidates who are different from them.
Mr. Rupp said he hoped the three professors he appointed as deans and as vice presidents would "command the respect of their colleagues so they can collectively take responsibility for ways of achieving economy and basically living with their means."
The Raiders added quarterback Jeff Hostetler (Giants), tackle Gerald Perry (Rams) and running back Gaston Green (Denver).
It said the United States Embassy and the F.B.I.
Early in Sunday's 38-3 loss to the Houston Oilers, quarterback Jay Schroeder called an audible.
Duke roll continued to roll when the game resumed, scoring on its final 12 possessions.
She was just there to make the guy look smarter.
But he does offer a choice: some hems stop above the knee, some below it and a few reach mid-calf length.
That child didn't ask to be brought into this world.
The rest of the list: William Baumol, Gary Becker, Abram Bergson, Jagdish Bhagwati, Alan Blinder, Kenneth Boulding, Gregory Chow, Sir Alec Cairncross, Edward Denison, Evsey Domar, Robert Dorfman, Stanley Fischer, Franklin Fisher, Milton Friedman, Victor Fuchs, John Kenneth Galbraith, Alfred Kahn, Charles Kindleberger, Wassily Leontief, Jacob Mincer, Edmund Phelps, Robert Solow, Herbert Stein, Lawrence Summers, Jan Tinbergen and James Tobin.
Jeff Torborg, a veteran of the wildest of Bronx Zoo moments during his decade with the Yankees, insists he believes New York's edge has sharpened in recent years.
Rains expressed interest in Arabian horses, Mr. Storaska gave her one, although client gifts are limited by New York Stock Exchange rules to $50.
The Iraqis have also deployed an SA-3 battery just south of the 36th parallel, the Pentagon said, and are apparently trying to draw allied planes near this missile battery by sending planes into the flight-exclusion zone as lures.
"We've had our share of incidents that highlight the bias that exists," Dr. Swenson said.
The Court, without comment, rejected the argument by the Englewood Cliffs Board of Education that the state violated its students' constitutional rights by requiring the continued partnership with Dwight Morrow High School in Englewood.
Two weeks ago the youth's parents, Masaichi and Mieko Hattori, presented the United States Ambassador to Japan, Michael H. Armacost, with some of the million signatures they had collected in a petition calling for the removal of guns from American homes.
Continental's investors, however, say that they are pleased by the role of underdog.
Cut window and door openings from full panels, so that joints between pieces are near the middles of the openings.
After losing five of their first six games on this important journey, the Yankees blitzed the Brewers, 12-5, tonight to win their second straight game and remain one and a half games behind the first-place Blue Jays and a half game ahead of third-place Baltimore.
Oshman's Sporting Goods Inc. said yesterday that it expected to report a loss for the fourth quarter because of the costs of closing 33 retail stores.
The Ring refers to a group of architects in Weimar Germany devoted to progressive ideas, including Peter Behrens, Walter Gropius, Ernst May (who was attempting in Frankfurt, on an even larger scale, what Martin Wagner was attempting in Berlin), Erich Mendelsohn and Ludwig Mies van der Rohe, as well as Taut and Wagner.
Are the harsh spotlight and legal spat hurting the stock?
"I'm not a slob," Kruk said.
The noncallable notes are rated A-3 by Moody's and A by S.& P. and Duff & Phelps.
So while he refrained from using the term "forgiveness," he described himself as a person "who has a tendency to forget, to put things behind me."
Expos 6, Dodgers 4 Jimmy Jones pitched three-hit ball for six innings to improve to 3-0 as Montreal beat Los Angeles at Olympic Stadium.
To the Editor: The verdict in the second Rodney King trial (news article, April 18) is certain to leave in its wake a public that is inadequately protected unless radical changes are instituted.
They are intended to encourage Serbian, Bosnian and Croatian leaders to start up serious peace talks again when they meet with European Foreign Ministers in Geneva next Monday, the officials said.
She said that when you live in Latin America, part of the landscape is an occasional revolution.
For that reason, the vote is being seen by many in labor, and some outside it, as a much-needed shot in the arm not only for ALPA, whose membership rolls have been hurt in recent years by the bankruptcies of several big airlines, but for the embattled union movement as a whole.
The legislation also makes the state's contribution dependent on the historical society's submitting an acceptable "financial stabilization and development plan describing the steps it will take to achieve financial self-sufficiency, protection of its libraries and collections and expansion of its services to the public."
Although Honda operates several plants in Ohio and research and administrative offices in California, it has found that it is often perceived as simply an importer.
It was like being a traitor to your country.
Few experts in the area think the market will take care of workers' concerns.
Jack Valenti, voice of American movie makers, says: "All we want is access to a market and fairness."
If these buildings are sheathed in different stylistic garb, their underlying architectural ethos is the same: they are parts of a whole.
And the only thing that made it fun was to win."
A room is $70 a night.
10 3 WHERE IS JOE MERCHANT?
The teams almost will certainly meet in the first round of the playoffs and, after Portland's home victory over the Spurs, the Blazers have virtually clinched the home-court edge.
But every so often a woman who is trolled into the Winnebago by peanut-butter-and-jelly and nonjudgmental chatter will keep coming back every week because it feels so cozy until that magic moment when she asks a Fran for referral to a treatment program.
And, reacting to the news, Wall Street lifted Compaq's stock price to $49, up $3.375 on the day of the announcement.
We must find another word, and another viewpoint, to memorialize the horrors undergone by others in World War II.
That's a more promising approach than abandoning the field just when democrats elsewhere desperately need support.
Marjorie Margolies-Mezvinsky knew she would pay a high price for providing the crucial vote that pushed President Clinton's budget package through the House of Representatives in August.
Amawalk Friends continue to work for women's rights, the elimination of the death penalty and social programs in prisons, Mrs. Crawford said.
The Yankees, complying with Steinbrenner's $45 million payroll budget, wouldn't match Oakland's offer to Rickey Henderson.
"I think it's interesting that one new market we've developed has its roots in the earliest days of the company."
So What Did It Cost?
Norman Levy, Republican of Merrick, L.I., and chairman of the State Senate Transportation Committee, has held up the authority's capital program for five months, and is asking for up to $25 million a year from that program for freight improvements on Long Island.
His son Michael said the cause was leukemia.
The 1992 Lindemans Bin 65 sells in the United States for about $7.50.
Ms. Lahti, you realize, is working with three distinct time frames.
Mr. Susnjara was a former president of Saatchi & Saatchi North America, one of the world's largest advertising companies.
Mr. Pomerantz said Paul F. Polishan, the company's chief financial officer, had called him in Canada on Friday and said, "We got a problem -- maybe a little more than just a problem."
The police, however, say it was a case of sexual abuse.
Only one area was found by the agency to be acceptable.
Defending their record, Government officials point to the obstacles they inherited.
Today, the two sides exchanged widely different plans for security arrangements once the Israeli forces begin their pullback.
Administration officials say it is important for all three parts to work together, although they acknowledge that Japan's political crisis could weaken the yen and might make it harder to persuade Tokyo to take further steps to reduce the surplus.
If you load all the features -- and how do you know you do not need a feature if you do not load it?
"They play 'Rigoletto' 200 times a year and Beethoven symphonies three times.
From center Dave Alexander: "Not many quarterbacks can do what he did in this game -- John Elway, Dan Marino, Randall, that's about it."
But there are significant doubts that Mr. Yeltsin has a plan of action.
"I think they were disappointed that I didn't know more about the Old Testament, though," he says.
On the best of nights, Rivers was no Pippen, no star, not close to the creative, Kenny Anderson-type slasher the Knicks could really use.
So is the breast-cancer rate on Long Island.
In a telephone poll of 1,025 state residents conducted in late January and early February, before the specific content of the amendment was clear, 51 percent said they would favor taking some property tax revenue from wealthy districts to give to poorer ones, while 43 percent were opposed and 6 percent were undecided.
David T. Lawrence, senior vice president of Hines Interests Limited Partnership, which is now representing the building, concedes that anything less than a mega-user doesn't interest him much, at least for now.
Chatham is about 30 miles southeast of Albany.
In this view, Israel did so in exchange for supplies of South African uranium.
"I only wish I could restore the dignity which has been taken from her by all of this," he said.
The book has topped The New York Times best-seller list for weeks and the publisher, Pocket Books, boasts of more than two million copies in print.
However you slice it, Paulette Callen and a film-buff friend were astonished to discover that even so classy a movie theater as Loew's Paris -- a jewel's throw from Bergdorf Goodman, for goodness sake!
The Rockets had four backup players on the floor with Olajuwon for almost the entire fourth quarter: Matt Bullard, Scott Brooks, Winston Garland and Carl Herrara.
The East Coast angle will make Atlanta a live American happening, they say, destined to yield better TV ratings than NBC received for the taped Barcelona Olympics and maybe ratings equal to ABC's Nielsens for Los Angeles in 1984.
The seventh-seeded Gilbert outlasted fifth-seeded Henrik Holm of Sweden, 6-1, 3-6, 6-3.
Ninety-three other representatives, including six Democrats, support the legislation.
Under new regulations, mayoral candidates must win at least 50 percent of the vote to be elected on the first ballot.
Tax Revenues Fall Short If Volvo were to drop its sponsorship, or if the tournament moved to another location, New Haven would be left with a stadium that has little potential for any other use.
The notes are rated A-2 by Moody's and A by S.& P. and Duff & Phelps.
Alan Eagleson's memoirs "Power Play," (McClelland & Stewart, 1991) includes nine pictures of Bobby Orr.
"We won't know the full story on Netware 4.0's scalability, for example, until someone has implemented a 4.0-based network with hundreds of servers, supporting thousands of users, and with a directory data base that's partitioned across five time zones," Mr. Burton said.
And that is that the first three batters in the Phillies' order -- Dykstra, Duncan and Kruk -- were doing the bulk of the damage.
A woman with plaited hair said she would like a straight, what else!
Pants, including the narrow and wide varieties, are expected to be among the major fall successes at Bloomingdale's, said Kalman Ruttenstein, the store's vice president and fashion director.
Kansas: Dole (R) No; Kassebaum (R) No.
Indeed, since the resignation of Robert C. Stempel in October and his replacement as chief executive by John F. Smith Jr., the stock has risen as much as 25 percent, reaching as high as $40.375 yesterday before closing at $38.875.
There are investors who buy low-priced stocks when they start to move, figuring that somebody must know something.
"There is no question that the I.N.S.
"A typical meeting consisted of 15 minutes of desultory meditation and the remainder of the two hours dedicated to jailhouse politics," Mr. Malone recounts in a deep voice laced with amusement at life's turnings.
"I felt I could run on it.
By the way, prospective visitors are advised to bone up on their classics: it took me hours to remember what the White Rabbit was so frantic about losing (his gloves and a fan).
But there has been no widespread reconstruction of the country, and life for most Cambodians remains unchanged.
But the largest contingent, more than four million people, is composed mostly of people like Mr. Gray, who are victims of layoffs, downsizing, budget cuts and a weak American economy that has tossed a huge number of white-collar workers out of jobs.
And that is how it came to pass that the Boyles bought a swing-and-slide set without a swing or a slide.
In Sussex County, a local businessman has said he will donate land he owns there to the Oklahoma-based Lenape/Delaware Indian Nation, which originated in New Jersey.
An article on Tuesday about a proposed lease for the expansion of the National Tennis Center in Flushing Meadows-Corona Park in Queens misstated the size of the expansion.
They had been issued only 900 pairs and were running out.
Christiana Allaire, the daughter of Mr. and Mrs. Paul Allaire of New Canaan, Conn., was married there yesterday to Paul Demarre Marran, a son of Mr. and Mrs. William Marran of Cold Spring Harbor, L.I.
In similar circumstances (in the Siamese twin separation surgery, "only a 1 percent chance" of survival was given), compassionate doctors have an obligation to put aside their rescue fantasies and to refuse unrealistic requests by parents on grounds that are just as surely compassionate.
American opera has produced few masterpieces: instead there is an endless litany of obscurities, most of which should rest undisturbed.
On a more personal note, it was late last year that Mr. Delgado and Danny walked into the Kennedy Center in Washington for a ceremony in which Mr. Delgado won a Roger L. Stevens award for promising playwrights.
"That was started by Bryan, who I thought played exceptionally well, one of the best games he's ever played at Seton Hall."
* The Meal: The general view is that Thanksgiving was first celebrated by the Mayflower settlers at Plymouth, Mass., in 1621; others credit the arrivals at Jamestown, Va., circa 1608.
1 starting pitcher, said about the way the Cardinals have dramatically slashed the Phillies' huge lead.
The appointment of Mr. Malek, 61, a veteran diplomat who has argued strongly for the separation of mosque and state, was widely seen as a development signaling the Government's resolve to ignore suggestions for a dialogue with fundamentalists.
Many of the 19th-century works display the kind of formal bluntness associated with modernist art of our own era.
Early in the standoff, Mr. Koresh, a 33-year-old high school dropout who changed his name from Vernon Howell, demanded that his statements on the Bible be broadcast on local radio stations.
I draw my lines in what may well be a vain hope of a face appearing.
Manuel A. Pinho, the Director General of the Treasury of Portugal, said that the Government was doing a global issue to widen the investor base for Portugal and to "raise our profile in international markets."
NORWALK -- First Congregational Church on the Green, today, 10:30, "Blessed Is He Who Comes in the Name of the Lord" by Gounod, "Ride On in Majesty" by Frederick Candlyn, other works, choir, organ and Grace Kane, soprano; Charles Williams, baritone.
Nonetheless, while he may no longer actively belong to the Beach Boys, the Beach Boys will always belong to him -- especially to the Brian Wilson who wrote, arranged and produced nearly every recording the band made from 1961 to 1967.
Some consultants and temporary Government employees said then that they were not being paid, did not know their legal status and were not worried about such questions.
In a major political setback for the Chinese Government, the International Olympic Committee tonight unexpectedly rejected Beijing's bid to hold the 2000 Summer Olympics and instead picked Sydney, Australia, to be the site of the millennium Games.
"There has to be experimentation and revision.
Yet just three miles from the base's front gates -- and with the base's commanders' tacit acceptance -- a gay bar flourishes.
Arrange the roasted tomato halves on the dough in 3 concentric circles.
Assembled by the Environmental Defense Fund, the group consists of Duke University, Johnson & Johnson, McDonald's, Nationsbank, Prudential Insurance and Time Warner.
So far, the scientists have managed to strip away 2 of the 38 Hox genes in rodents.
"He got a full absolution on all his acts," Mr. Barnovsky said.
For example, stroke patients who lose the ability to see colors also cannot imagine colors.
"I said, 'Pat Kelly, win it now,' " Gallego recalled, quipping that if the game were over he wouldn't have a chance to flub another grounder in the 10th.
A mound of dirt under the maroon canopy at Mount Lawn now awaited the funeral cortege -- and Joseph Marable's coffin.
With France now so obsessed by its internal problems, events beyond its borders seem to matter little.
There was no answer at his office, and neighbors near his home in Bayside, Queens, said they saw his family packing their car on Friday night.
Thomas Keegan, a lawyer for 2,000 pet owners who are suing the Strausses for civil damages, said his clients had submitted a proposal to run the cemetery, but Mr. Swenson's group "had a pretty easy time outbidding us."
Both still hold posts at Deep Ocean Engineering, where children from both partners' former marriages -- their marriage had no children -- also work, and where the two maintain offices side by side.
Syria has been the dominant power in Lebanon since it invaded in 1976, ostensibly to end a civil war.
But in practice, he said, prosecuting cases was not always easy, "especially when it has involved crimes committed by members of the armed forces."
Around the country, doctors on average had net incomes of $171,000 in 1991, according to the American Medical Association.
The quintuplets were in the same third-grade class at Sea Girt Elementary School in this town of 2,500.
They have high-sounding excuses, but the real reason is to drag a foot until the 1989 crimes of Iraqgate come under the statute of limitations.
"Maybe they've decided to use both."
Dr. Bumpus's first wife, Hale, died in 1977.
"As soon as I saw it, I knew what I was going to do," she said.
Gen. Philippe Morillon of France, the United Nations commander for Bosnia and Herzegovina, called the killing "one of the most detestable violations in this conflict."
since the discovery of perspective in the Renaissance," citing Marcel Duchamp's "Nude Descending a Staircase" and Giacomo Balla's "Girl Running on a Balcony" as two well-known examples.
But the fight was prevented because of a new approach being used in the New Haven schools, and other schools around the state, that trains students to mediate such disputes.
Destruction of the virus is intended to eliminate the risk that the virus could escape from a laboratory, infect large numbers of people and require emergency vaccination of millions more.
Trying on a dress in a shop, she asks the saleswoman, "Can you see through this?"
Casino companies have begun a sophisticated effort to win backing in Connecticut for legalized casino gambling.
*3*** COMPANY REPORTS ** View Full Article in Timesmachine »
But he underestimated his impact.
" Especially grating to the critics, says Mr. Roush, were the show's plodding expository sequences; the talking dolphin, the teen-age computer whiz and the performance by a guest star, Shelley Hack, as Captain Bridger's arch-enemy, a torpedo-firing undersea renegade.
Typical of his talent for "trickeration," King opened his article by invoking Ralph Waldo Emerson's philosophy on how a "great man .
But her heart is in Sag Harbor, L.I., where she and her family own a home.
Starting July 5, the review panel will be separated entirely from the department, though the police commissioner will appoint three of its members.
Many arrive at their appointments terrified because they are being followed by armed gang members, he said.
Administration officials say the Central Intelligence Agency is reporting that the war in Bosnia is in its final stages, with the Serbs on the verge of a complete triumph over the poorly armed Muslims.
A1 PEROT ORGANIZATION DIVIDED Ross Perot's political organization is in turmoil, riven by disputes that are beginning to cost it some of its most committed volunteers.
With luck, such growth will not push up interest rates, but will allow corporate profits, and stock prices, to make solid, if unspectacular, gains.
"The brief was authorized by the old Administration and it was cleared and approved by the new one," he said.
Other late dollar rates compared with Thursday's quotes included: 1.4430 Swiss francs, up from 1.4335; 5.7945 French francs, up from 5.7700; and 1,676 Italian lire, up from 1,656.
First, their monthly or quarterly dividend checks may shrink.
The officer corps was a proud and pampered caste.
Ask your broker whether you can obtain interest on the proceeds from the date of the short sale until the date that the shares are replaced.
The morning's topic of discussion was the Yankees.
These boxes take the computer novice through the tricky parts of an operation by providing step-by-step instructions on the screen at the stroke of a "help" key.
"If nature were not kind," he says, "you wouldn't have a built-in-mechanism for friendship, or something like friendship.
On one of his visits last week, Mr. Clinton said he hoped the deployment of New York's finest for his protection didn't jeopardize regular police work.
Mr. Giuliani's advisers say his main goals would be to rid the city of the buildings that were taken over in tax foreclosures, greatly expand opportunities to own homes and use more resources to help owners of the crumbling buildings where low- and moderate-income renters live.
Rangers officials said contracts also would be extended for General Manager Tom Grieve and Sandy Johnson, assistant general manager for player personnel and scouting.
Resisting the temptation to evade those limits in the midst of battle poses the true test of character.
WHEN the nine members of Ladysmith Black Mambazo hunger for the food of their South African homeland, they get together to do the cooking.
To pave the way for the White House meeting, she pressed John Sculley, a friend who is chief executive of Apple Computer Inc., to write his friend, Mr. Clinton, about the importance of meeting with the group before the national gay rights march on Sunday in Washington.
Down by 2-0, the pitcher had yielded a two-run home run to Pendleton in the sixth and then a double to Damon Berryhill, so it was presumed Mike Jackson would replace him.
The 8 P.M. concert in the Weill Recital Hall at Carnegie Hall will be followed by a dessert reception with the performers on the 45th floor of Carnegie Hall Tower.
His father is a senior computer consultant in Berkeley Heights, N.J., for Dun & Bradstreet, the financial information company.
"I don't think most people really feel he's delivered on his promise," said Thomas H. Kessner, a historian at the City University Graduate Center.
Even the harshest critics of the plan say Oregon has done a service by trying to sort out which procedures are important to most people and which ones are dragging down the system with high costs and little benefit.
The June deficit in merchandise trade easily exceeded the large May deficit of $8.38 billion, and was the largest since a $12.56 billion shortfall in February 1988.
This may not be a relevant fact, but when mother and daughter reach vainly toward each other in one image, the effect is poignant.
Monday night's performances -- by Sue Ann Kahn (flutist), Andrew Willis (pianist), members of the Audubon Quartet, David Dusing and Michael Lockely (tenors), Elliot Z. Levine (baritone) and, of course, the foghorn-voiced Mr. Schickele himself -- were enthusiastic and effective.
It has been an uphill battle for the squad to find money for uniforms as well as coordinate practice schedules, arrange practice space and raise support for the cheerleaders among the student body, said Sandee Miller, a campus residents coordinator who served as one of the squad's advisers.
And "there was a time when I wanted to be Miles Davis," he said.
Robert La Fosse, as Dr. Stahlbaum, was a genial host, who was obviously having a good time at his own festivities.
By the late 1980's Mr. Abdel Rahman was already bringing his calls for Islamic revolution to Middle Eastern immigrants to the United States.
The last two days showed that."
Not Pitching but Gaining The most important weight work will be to try to get Sid Fernandez slim fast.
Other critics accuse the Government of mismanaging more than $2 billion in foreign aid and forgiven loans.
In the United States, the bacteria is relatively common, but not nearly as widespread as in Japan; United States stomach cancer rates were much lower.
"The amount of violence by teen-agers is increasing," says Peter Reinharz, chief of the Family Court Division of the city's Corporation Counsel's office, which prosecutes 13- to 15-year-olds.
Politically, universal coverage is the bottom line for the party's powerful liberal wing on Capitol Hill, particularly in the House, where 93 members have signed on to a single-payer bill.
Five years after that, the local companies could compete on their own in the long-distance market.
"Today there are many more categories of art and antiques to focus on than anyone dreamed of when we began in 1979," said Sanford L. Smith, the show's producer.
'Masterpiece Theater' 'The Countess Alice' PBS, Sunday at 9 P.M. (Channel 13 in New York) Directed by Moira Armstrong; written by Allan Cubitt; produced by Colin Ludlow for BBC Television; George Faber, executive producer.
Admission to the exhibits on these days is $6.
They include Aetna Life Insurance Co., Chubb, Mutual of Omaha, which will also continue to cover individuals, New York Life Travelers and U.S. Life.
Ethnic Groups Battling The country has also suffered from widespread fighting among ethnic groups, drought and extensive corruption.
Despite requests from officials at other Federal agencies, including Justice Department prosecutors, the Agriculture Department had expelled only two relatively small regional dairies.
Eight of the 12 outside sales representatives sued.
U will be a weekly, with 64 pages, a Hamptons section and a new standard-size format.
The suit, filed Wednesday in a state district court in Dallas, offers new details about the fraud investigation, which became public in late September.
Dr. Stuart Brodsky, a veterinarian at the West Side Veterinary Center on West 83d Street, recommends that dog owners who spend weekends in the country consider Lyme disease vaccines.
Former Prime Minister Benazir Bhutto, who won election in 1988 after the last round of martial law ended, described General Nawaz as "a true professional soldier."
And the once touted safety net is fraying.
Second, the ghetto idea is false.
I ask to see her apartment and she takes me inside.
C18 Television: "Reader's Digest" of the air.
It ran sporadically on local television stations during the Christmas season in 1992 and returned last month, appearing more frequently.
There she met Adah L. Sutton, an antiques dealer, who employed her as a laundress and heard and encouraged her to tell stories about life with the Lincolns.
The Securities Industry Automation Corporation, for example, was juggling several leases for its 100,000 square feet at 55 Water Street.
The Blue Jays signed him for significantly less money than Jimmy Key and David Cone would have cost them, and the skeptics were correct.
Now, in his first season as the designated savior of the Kansas City Chiefs, he has missed half of his potential playing time.
The present show, here through March 7, consists of 40 works from Still's two important bequests.
Pablo Ortiz, until recently the board president, said in a statement that it was "not only wrong but ridiculous" that "because of this isolated incident," the entire board should be removed.
"The foundation of self-respect in our society is not having cash, but a place to live," he said, adding that the structures "are inexpressibly sad symbols of the way society has abandoned them."
Mr. Heymann said in an interview today that the group would not have the authority to issue subpoenas or grant immunity but could refer findings of wrongdoing for criminal prosecution.
New Yorkers are especially fed up right now.
Since it's the only budget that any town has to vote on, it's the logical sticking point for people who are unhappy with taxes in general."
That aspect of the plan was aborted early this month after an anti-Aristide riot at the Port-au-Prince dockside forced the retreat of an American ship carrying troops that were to have begun the retraining effort.
Mr. Dinkins's budget will include no layoffs, though it will ask all agencies to delay hiring new employees by about three months, with the exception of the Police Department, officials said.
The GE Capital Corporation has bought a Scandinavian consumer finance company from the Wasa Group of Sweden for $387.5 million in cash and assumed debt.
B13 Marathon: Woman, 86, on starting line.
'All Ready to Die' One woman hit in the leg crawled to a nearby wall.
Comparing the French system with the American system -- if that word can be used to describe a jigsaw puzzle missing half its pieces -- is like comparing a vintage bottle of Chateau Margaux with a $4 bottle of American wine.
Backstage, there was less unanimity among the participants.
From 6 to 9 P.M. Tickets, in advance only, $70, from United Cerebral Palsy of New York, 105 Madison Avenue (29th Street).
Under an agreement arranged through the United Nations, a cease-fire has been established, and Bosnian defenders are surrendering their weapons to the United Nations in exchange for a halt in the Serbian shelling of the town.
"When a lot of us were growing up and moving along, we had opportunities that are not there for them," he said, referring the young black residents he meets on street corners.
Then, after the Huskies scored the first 2 points of the second half, Stanford went on a 10-0 run over the next six minutes.
The Key Characteristic Throughout their history, the Yankees have won championships behind left-handed power hitting, no surprise considering the configuration of Yankee Stadium.
And even in Poland, where economic reform is considered such a success, former Communists have just been voted back into power.
Though there is no possibility of parole, officials said prisoners typically can get some time off for good behavior.
"The crane manufacturers themselves have said these cranes are designed to move material, not to move people," he said.
On the Death of John Gilbert RIVA: Dietrich was in the silent-screen actor's bedroom when he had his fatal heart attack but discreetly threw her belongings (including an alarm clock and a photograph of Maria) into a pillow case and slipped out the back door before the doctor arrived.
To the Editor: Your Sept. 1 front-page report that young Californians are shunning their state's beleaguered colleges indicates a sharp increase in the last three years in the number of California students seeking higher education elsewhere, especially in public universities in nearby Western states.
Penguins 2, Senators 2 Jaromir Jagr scored with 2:30 left in the third period to give the Penguins a 2-2 tie with Ottawa at Pittsburgh despite 47 saves by rookie goalie Darrin Madeley.
It is not generally known that "Isn't It Romantic," one of the most beloved of all Rodgers and Hart songs, was introduced in a very elaborate form in the 1932 film "Love Me Tonight," starring Maurice Chevalier and Jeanette MacDonald.
When we are all gone, they'll still be there.
District 2, for example, has a diversity of wonderful programs run by talented and innovative administrators and teachers and supported by involved parents.
13 Wins, 1 Loss At the age of 50, Ms. Abramson has a notable box score: out of 14 capital murder trials, only one client has received the death penalty.
Stich and Sampras, both serve-and-volley-specialists, played on even terms before the American capitalized on the only service-break opportunity to win the first set.
The bid represents the highest price for the stock in more than five years.
MARY JANE TOBIN The writer is founder and first state chairwoman of the Right to Life Party.
When I pointed out the same mistake in the third edition of The American Heritage Dictionary, its publisher confirmed that I was right and promised to change future versions of the dictionary accordingly.
The technical came when Barnes leaped off his bench to protest when Peterson grabbed the rim with Dickey Simpkins attempting to shoot.
Perhaps the orchestra is simply responding well to concentrated early-season rehearsals and the occasion of its anniversary.
Her mother, Helen C. Yang, is an executive secretary and administative assistant in the research and technical services department of Pepsico Inc., in Valhalla, N.Y. Mr. Yang, 31, is a managing director in the structured finance division at Chemical Bank in New York.
Land prices soared when the Government announced that the magnetically levitated train would someday run through this area.
As Secretary, Mr. Bell appointed the 18-member National Commission on Excellence in Education that produced "A Nation At Risk," the landmark study that spurred the current campaign to improve schools.
But buses and taxis will be able to continue south on two lanes that will be carved out of Avenue of the Americas, leaving four other lanes running north.
Workers with fewer than 25 years of service for Pratt or who are younger than age 55 are being offered smaller packages.
"I haven't returned to that happy person."
Gelinas put Quebec ahead at 14:42 of the second period off a pass from Sakic.
Now it is time to govern.
The World Bank will soon argue in its annual report for substantial increases in international aid to health, with a large share going to AIDS, Dr. Jamison said.
Last year some legislators sought to legalize video slot machines and casino gambling.
You got to play by the rules."
Only the pharmacists that are able to buy at huge discounts are fully reimbursed for their costs.
"In his first year, Giuliani will have the same problem that Koch and Dinkins had: finding the right character to play," predicted Mr. Jones, who worked for the two previous mayors.
They speak of code names and discuss financing the plot by somehow getting $1 million in counterfeit United States currency and selling it for $150,000.
But we had our disagreements with him."
It is taken as fact here that the police also selectively look the other way at the activities of crime bosses loyal to the President.
Dr. Raven described the lean and intellectually hungry Dr. Gentry as "very driven: He really wanted to get over the next hill to look at the next place."
A third is the jockeying for position in the new, de-Nazified scientific community of postwar Germany.
What if you needed a topographical rendering of minute materials?
Mercifully, the budding integrated pest managers will be taught the bugs' one weakness.
That's a switch -- the main thing you hear about is America looking elsewhere for cheap labor.
The first known mosque, founded in 1929, was in tiny Ross, N. D., once the home of Syrian and Lebanese immigrants who settled there to be peddlers to local farmers.
Third went to Germans MANDY WOETZEL and INGO STEUER.
East's diamond seven was doomed, and the game was made.
"Dehousse was never a defender of the Monnaie," the director said.
All or most of the victims were believed to be the children of the couple who lived in the house.
Mr. Lansbury is a freelance photographer in New York.
"If we sell the condo for more than the contract price, Homesite will pay us the difference.
Yet it is also true, the aide said, that the complicated filing system provides a cover for the C.I.A.
They pounded away at the Colts with runs by Baxter and Johnson and chipped at them with smart passes by Esiason, moving to the Jets' 43 and draining the clock as they went along.
But, again as in "Don Juan," the shifting, drifting perspectives of the novel often become bewildering, especially to the reader who tries to hang on to a plot.
The case concerns pensions for police officers and firefighters in Aurora, Ill. A8 MILESTONE IN SPENDING The Commerce Department said health care spending in the United States would, for the first time, exceed $1 trillion next year and account for a record 15 percent of the nation's total output of goods and services.A12 CAJOLING IN VAIN On a bitterly cold night, Carmelo Vargas cruises the hiding places of downtown Chicago trying to persuade the homeless into the city's shelters.
Help them explore their values and their responses to the stereotypes on television and in the movies.
Both Saturday and next Sunday have been designated "Double Gold Weekend" at the vineyards.
Nynex will sell its British software company for $139.3 million under its strategy to focus on telecommunications.
Most of the artifacts for this building are in storage.
That army needs the backing of an international community determined to see that aggression in Europe will not stand.
If you expect to see an apple, its various fragments can drive the system into producing the image of an apple in your visual buffer."
In 1925, he resigned from the United States Attorney's Office to establish a private practice that lasted until his retirement in 1989.
The garden will be open for visits, by appointment only, on Wednesdays from 1 to 5 P.M. through Sept. 29.
For example, "Vox," a best-selling novel about telephone sex, was purchased by his predecessor, Joni Evans.
The 4-by-8-foot desk is made of bird's-eye maple, and is empty.
B3 SHEIK CRITICIZES MUBARAK Sheik Omar Abdel Rahman, the Islamic fundamentalist whose followers included the suspects in the World Trade Center bombing, has accused Egyptian President Mubarak of deceiving the American public.
'A Needed Service' Once or twice a week, said Nick Condro, 37, the owner of a landscaping business in the village, he hires a man to help him maintain about 20 lawns and gardens in town.
"We can't even leave our houses after 7 P.M." Two Lightly Armed Guards Two lightly armed Croatian guards said the detainees were allowed to go to nearby Tomislavgrad for medical treatment, but the Serbs said gaining the necessary permission was a rarity.
The reductions are to be carried out by 2003.
That point of view -- based in bafflement and a measure of guilt over Mr. Foster's death -- has become common within the administration.
ARNOLD D. HERZ New York
AMERICAN SALONS Encounters With European Modernism, 1885-1917.
Dinner: Appetizers $5.95 to $9.95, entrees $13.95 to $21.95, lobster $29.95.
Turning Policy Around As advocates for the poor in other cities fought simply to preserve such hotels from demolition, San Diego coaxed private developers into building dozens of new ones.
"In the beginning I was more uptight.
Another proponent, Senator Alvin W. Penn, a Bridgeport Democrat, took the middle road, saying he would consider the Colt exemption if he was convinced before Thursday's vote that the Sporter was in fact a rare gun in urban crime compared with weapons like the Mac-11, which is one of the most common weapons seized by the police.
Some leaders of Jewish organizations say that they, too, see danger in the Messiah controversy.
At the Museum for African Art, Ms. Lin plays counterpoint to the basic white cube with the rectilinear walls and natural wood floors: the standard SoHo version of the ideal viewing space.
"He revived intellectualism here," said Rob Pegoraro, a graduating senior from Tewksbury Township, N.J. "He was the first to push the university as one of the best in the country."
He cited the savings that homeowners have pocketed as they take advantage of tumbling long-term interest rates to refinance mortgages and passage of a budget intended to cut the Federal deficit.
It is the work, they say, of a small, though dedicated, core of militants intent on wrecking plans to transfer governing authority soon to Palestinians in Gaza and Jericho.
I filled in the questionnaire and found myself in the next edition.
"It's astounding, it's absolutely amazing," said Frank E. Nothaft, the deputy chief economist of the Federal Home Loan Mortgage Corporation, known as Freddie Mac.
The school system, with only 1,073 students, offers a wide array of services, he said, citing among the high school programs an advanced multimedia computer network that lets students mix print and electronic information sources to create videos.
Joined by Martin S. Davis, Paramount's chairman, Mr. Redstone also spent much of yesterday in Washington calling on Congressmen to discuss his and the rival deal.
United States District Judge Pierre N. Leval also fined the former trader, Paul W. Mozer, $30,000.
Lawton Chiles blocked the execution of the veteran, Larry Joe Johnson, for the slaying of a gas station attendant 14 years ago.
The Long Island Jewish Medical Center in New Hyde Park introduced the first unit more than a year ago.
"But Beautiful," a song about the pains of love, became tender and tragic; "Once Upon a Summertime," about a past romance, skipped lightly over some images and savored others as if they were preserved in amber.
Entertainment Television has been interviewing fashionable transvestites for an on-air position.
1 P.M. Fee: $15; $10 for museum members.
At the time, he was leading the National League in hits with 102.
David Gergen, that plastic surgeon of untoward Presidential moments, said the President was busy bragging on an Army general when the Marines ran amok.
He genuinely believes all this.
Even if that happens, Alm, for the rest of this season and beyond, will serve as a reminder for the Oilers that there are much more important things than winning a football game.
No Pink Slips, However .
'Clearly He's Lying' On the day of the riot, Mr. Quintana said, Mr. Williams robbed and beat him and said, "Today I am going to hit and kill people."
The bright rosette of leaves covered with the Puccinia fungus hails the passing insects with sweet smells and hundreds of tiny yellow cups filled with honeydew and fungal gametes.
Labor Secretary Robert B. Reich said in a statement that the contract included "provisions that further strengthen workplace democracy and provide for miners to have a real say in the way work is performed."
b-Net lossResults are in Canadian dollars.
She was hired by Nelson A. Rockefeller for the Office of Inter-American Affairs, for which he was the coordinator.
His innocence was not always an admirable trait.
"I like to stay in the edit room and fool around with the buttons that make cool effects, or work on the camera," said a seventh-grader, Eric Hulbert of White Plains.
Two years ago, at 62, he had a stroke.
3.26% Accepted at low price .
Revenue rose 7.5 percent, to $236.3 million, from $219.9 million a year earlier.
But the enterprise zones, though modest, are an important symbolic gesture to ailing cities -- the only aid they'll see in the budget package -- and are important to winning support among the Congressional Black Caucus and House liberals.
As a result, he has only two workers in the orchards picking peaches instead of the usual eight.
"She had it written into her Channel 4 contract," Ms. Collins said.
But to lawyers of all political stripes, the verdict on Mr. Giuliani has always been far more equivocal.
The Spanish aid comes at a time when Ecuador's Government shows signs of reversing a decline in conservation support.
As a cost-saving measure, the public exhibition galleries, which registered 90,000 admissions last year, have been closed since Jan. 3.
So the editorial suggested that men who have had the procedure get an annual checkup, as recommended by the American Urological Association and the American Cancer Society.
Utah is unique in having such a law.
and the Peter Brook/Peter Weiss "Marat/Sade" of the 1960's, it looks glorious in an old Times Square house.
Vote Without discussion, the panel's 18 members voted unanimously to approve the nomination of Mr. Freeh, 43, a Federal judge in New York who was praised by senators of both parties during his confirmation hearing last week.
Is this the final word on last weekend's Friars Club roast?
Be aware of the air going in your nostrils cool and going out warm.
The link between the two, each of which proceeded in near ignorance of the other, was perhaps more poetic than tangible, but it did exist.
But she said music trade magazines had put the figure at $300 million, "and we did not dispute that."
North Korea's abrupt refusal to allow inspections of its nuclear sites has now led the International Atomic Energy Agency to take the unprecedented step of asking the United Nations Security Council to impose sanctions.
Some of the screens have windows along the bottom that lead to ads for related products.
Ivanchuk's attack came first, with 19 e5, but after 19 .
Instead, they apparently select their victims once they've had a chance to determine how vulnerable that person seems.
"When I took this job 10 years ago," said Richard L. Lorenzen, the university's vice provost for continuing education, "I felt it was my job to get rid of the wine-tasting, the pop psychology, the kayaking and all that stuff."
Coverage for Prescriptions The Pharmaceutical Manufacturers Association says 72 million Americans have no insurance coverage for prescription drugs.
Good-hearted but poorly educated, she mistakes Casey Stengel for Stendhal, mangles grammar and, when confronted with the word "facetious," asks with all of Eve's guilelessness, "Is that like horny?"
GIULIANI The two mayoral candidates disagree over the format for a debate, so no face-to-face meeting has been scheduled.
Neighbors described him as intelligent and personable, despite his disheveled appearance and odd habits, which included walking the streets with white sweat socks and no shoes.
'A Careful Selection' Soon after the Strausses were charged in the summer of 1991, hysterical animal owners began climbing over the fence around the cemetery in futile attempts to find and exhume their pets.
In February, several Western senators had threatened to withhold their votes for the Clinton economic plan unless the Administration took certain grazing and mining fee provisions out of the legislation.
They include the church where all the women and children died, the cemetery where the charred and unidentifiable remains were later buried and a small memorial with photographs and historical information.
The Bush Administration, under the Voting Rights Act, approved cumulative voting or a variant when adopted by 35 different jurisdictions.
This would effectively reduce the maximum height of towers from 50 to 32 floors.
Mrs. Whitman, in turn, tried constantly to remind voters of the Florio tax increase.
Mr. Handschumacher tells of one audit that showed the tenant was being overcharged for its share of taxes, but was being undercharged a much higher amount for its electricity usage.
If, say, $12 million must be saved in the course of a year, it is less painful to spread the cuts over the 12 months, beginning July 1, rather than waiting until Jan. 1 and cutting the full amount in six months.
For this year's showhouse, which opens April 16 at the Ragland House, a Queen Anne mansion, Ms. Hockersmith is designing a dining room with burgundy damask draperies, an Aubusson rug, and a papered ceiling with coffered medallion patterns.
So Barneys has invested and grown, even as many other fashion retailers, saddled with debt or pressed by corporate owners, have retrenched.
Before the night was over, Mr. Vargas had asked at least 20 men and women to accept shelter, but only a 51-year-old woman named Mary reluctantly agreed.
While their large, dark evergreen leaves brighten the garden through winter, hellebores are treasured for their somewhat bell-shaped blooms.
In Zurich, the price was $405.15, up from $393.25.
A ruffed grouse, perhaps lost, bobbed over the open sky of the river.
I am heartened that such artistic endeavors are taking place but distressed that they are seemingly being done without gay actors in their leading roles.
But when the City Council President, Andrew J. Stein, abruptly abandoned his $6.4 million primary challenge to Mr. Dinkins in May, the dynamics of the mayoral race changed abruptly, deferring the only real confrontation until November.
This was the first increase since May.
It is also symptomatic of a trend toward smaller works, although that is not immediately apparent.
But American opponents of decompilation, citing a position paper by a Japanese business lobbying group, say they fear that Japan is considering unrestricted decompilation.
"After one of the most extensive investigations in N.C.A.A.
To the Editor: "The Tidy Secret of Danish Freedom" (Op-Ed, Sept. 5), Garrison Keillor's gentle putdown of Denmark and the Danes' tradition of good manners, sensible behavior, and love of good food and conversation, misses an elemental aspect of Danish character.
They led, 50-17, at the half.
Sergeant Campbell said Mr. Peters's body was taken to Farmington yesterday for an autopsy.
He added that "a settlement agreement had been reached last Friday" with Mr. Mezzatesta, who had threatened to sue the museum for compensation for its reversal.
In its search to save money, the Comex had begun work last year on a joint clearing house with the Coffee, Sugar and Cocoa Exchange.
For them, the election of the county officers at the Red Lion was the high point of a political involvement that began slowly, if not reluctantly, about five years ago when they helped oppose a state executive order that sought to protect gay rights.
The contracts are part of the Pentagon's plan to improve its ability to transport tanks and other heavy supplies.
If convicted on both charges, Senator Durenberger could face a maximum penalty of 10 years in prison and a $500,000 fine.
The two are Concord High School on Staten Island and the old Stuyvesant High School building in lower Manhattan, which houses four small high schools, which have been transferred to other Manhattan sites.
The suit was filed over a pooled real estate account that Travelers established in 1976 to manage investments for pension and other employee benefit plans.
Standing in the visitor's locker room after the game, dressed in his navy blue suit, blue oxford shirt, conservative tie and black wingtip shoes, Milburn looked more like a junior accountant out of the Stanford business school than a Cardinal running back who was taken in the second round and whose N.F.L.
Many economists don't like regional trade pacts because they discriminate against nonparticipants.
"It is a principle that we believe in deeply."
"I looked across the way and the curtains were on fire.
The U.A.W., like other unions, said it believed the treaty would accelerate the flow of jobs from the United States to Mexico and be used by management as another hammer in bargaining over wages and benefits in this country.
A Liv Ullmann Debut MONDAY -- Liv Ullmann will be hostess for a premiere screening of "Sofie," a film that she has directed, in a benefit for the Women's Commission for Refugee Women and Children.
In a telephone interview today, the adoptive parent, Joan G., said the decision would make no change in their daily routine.
Celeste Ciulla Mrs. Garnet .
I arrived at the Main Street dance studio clad in my usual exercise regalia -- striped boxer shorts, an old T-shirt and the dullest sneakers in the Reebok line -- and saw three women dressed the same way.
* Caroline R. Jones, president and creative director of Caroline Jones Advertising Inc., New York, was named as a recipient of a Star Award from the New York Women's Agenda.
ARIS ISOTONER, New York, a unit of Sara Lee Corp., named David W. Bryan president.
In some instances at these auctions, wines have been bid up to astronomical levels by agents -- let's say friends -- of the owner of the winery where the wines were made.
Both scientific groups, which are running a friendly race to begin making discoveries, overcame staggering obstacles to achieve the progress they have made in recent days.
"Be lucky just to get fodder out of the bad parts.
It houses extensive examples of his work.
"Bunny Hat" is not made of fur but of pink-and-white toy bunnies.
"If you are Raytheon and suddenly overnight you are no longer the biggest guy in tactical missiles because of a consolidation, you are going to be more than a little concerned and then go out and try to acquire someone else," Mr. Harbison said.
Today, Representative Collin C. Peterson, Democrat of Minnesota, asked the General Accounting Office to investigate whether the actions of Mr. Kantor and his aides had broken a Federal statute barring the executive branch from lobbying Congress.
It's a future of almost total uncertainty."
But he said this cause-effect relationship had been established in animal studies and "the presumption here is that these agents in humans may cause disease."
It was also the most recent of the trophies she hauled home after a typical Saturday at the Greenmarket on 14th Street.
Advice for parents of children from age 2 to the teen-age years.
Appeasing the Chief Executive Even with smaller banks, the most difficult aspect of getting deals done is the future of the banks' executives and board members.
It was not an easy game."
1 ranking to his decision to again make tennis "the essence of his life," the quipster from Las Vegas experienced the thrill of recognition.
This season, 25 Eastern ski areas have programs based on a similar format in which the midweek ski day begins with continental breakfast for older skiers in the base lodge and includes ski instruction or guided tours, races, parties, picnics and other activities.
in spring training, allowed only Carlton Fisk's home run and three singles over seven innings.
She suggested that unanimity on a court can sometimes be nearly as important as the merits of a case.
Gramm Plan: Cuts growth in Medicare and Medicaid spending by $119 billion over five years, raises $50 billion by taxing employee benefits above specified levels (such as $6,000 a family).
'Important for the Future' The issues that Abraham Lincoln, 49 and a former Congressman running for the Senate, and Stephen A. Douglas, 45 and a two-term Senator, debated 135 years ago eventually led to the Civil War, with the Democratic incumbent winning the 1858 Senate race and Lincoln becoming the 16th President three years later.
Possible solutions seem as confusing as the maze of tribal rivalries.
City officials said the move was an attempt to prompt serious negotiations for a development there, though not necessarily one as large or as expensive as the contract specifies.
Ms. Mayerson said Heico was prepared to start shipping food to franchise centers and the company stores that reopen.
He has busted open games with winning hits, and on three occasions, has crashed grand slam homers.
To reduce any windfall effect that manufacturers would enjoy, Mr. Magaziner said, the Administration is considering changes in its health proposal so that companies would have to pay 30 percent of the cost of the health insurance for early retirees rather than 20 percent.
"No," Ms. Louis-Dreyfus said, shaking her sadly, "that wouldn't be funny."
If a white comic said negative things about black women, he would be crucified, and properly so.
Overtaking Powerbook Judging from the sales trends, customers agree.
That leaves the United Nations, which has been trying to keep a peace that does not exist and to succor the suffering.
The quarterly premium for his new policy is $355, versus $400 for his employer's plan, and Mr. Kelly managed to lower his deductible to $100 from $1,200.
the crowd screamed, louder this time.
Most of those who end up in Judge Goldstein's courtroom have been arrested on possession charges and face a yearlong jail sentence.
It was his eighth career start against Montreal.
After intently pondering a question about the advantages his product might have over its Western counterparts, Mr. Gavrilov finally answered.
A New Mayonnaise Hellmann's has introduced a reduced-fat, cholesterol-free mayonnaise.
A Harvard spokesman, John Veneziano, declined comment, saying only that it would be improper to say anything at this point.
A seaside bicycle ride beneath the stars: a remarkably wholesome concept in a city famed for its sex appeal.
He would not say how much it costs to maintain or what his selling price is.
Their captain, Michael Jackson (yes, that one), appears on the screen in the front.
His influence is so pervasive that, as I remember a French critic once said, 'There can be no original work in the theater until we get Beckett out of our minds.'
It was old enough by horticultural standards and should have flowered easily, but coddling and caring were of no avail.
Most companies that are trying the system are limiting it, for now at least, to top managers.
The United Nations military official dismissed as empty a threat by a local Bosnian Army commander to attack Serb-held areas with chlorine gas if Serbian forces did not halt the assault on Gorazde.
Davis would dart from a spot near the lane, take a pass from Jeff Van Gundy, the Knicks' assistant coach, and release his shot, a thing of beauty, at the height of his jump.
Then, insisting that he hadn't meant to criticize her beehive hairdo: "No, the black Doris Day look is you.").
president, Jose Torres, reacted with shock yesterday when told of the findings.
Mr. Bukharov, like a number of Russian Jews interviewed, is wary about Israel's recognition of the Palestine Liberation Organization and the foundations of a Palestinian state.
"But I worked as a housekeeper for more than 12 years, and it was always when the children were sick that I helped the most.
"The potential is that many emphysema patients will benefit."
Somebody asked Steinbrenner why he had not been announced to the crowd, and he came right back with, "for my own safety," meaning he did not care to hear himself booed.
St. John's (19-10) equaled its largest margin of victory in N.C.A.A.
She was the daughter of a Branch Davidian follower.
Then I order a lesser known and sometimes less expensive cultivar from some little family company whose catalogue is nothing more than a plant list.
To the Editor: You apply an unfairly broad brush when you paint a picture of blame for the dismal financial performance of Empire Blue Cross and Blue Shield in "The Failure to Police Empire" (editorial, July 2).
* Spring Independent School District, Harris County, Tex., is offering $29.7 million of triple-A-rated tax-exempt tax-refunding bonds through underwriters led by Morgan Stanley & Co.
The fight was stopped after the sixth round because Lally's left eye was completely closed.
To the rescue came Mr. Allen, who arranged for another copie of "Annie" to arrive in the nick of time.
But that sounds a little unlikely to me now, you know?"
He's a lot more disciplined at the plate, a much tougher out.
"He said he would give us the lease for $1 if we indemnify him," Kroenke said.
The film shows striking visual evidence of gross human rights violations that were largely ignored by the mainstream news media.
979, Montreal, Quebec, Canada H3C 2W3.
Half of the callers hadn't read what I'd written; they'd just been told to call in and object to it.
The bitter pill we must swallow is that this tragedy occurred in spite of strict state and Federal firearm laws.
Blackman said JACK MADDEN, the same official who called his sixth foul Friday night, also called the sixth foul against him during a playoff game in 1986.
Robert S. Enright, a leading tax lawyer and senior executive of Pepsico Inc., died Wednesday in Australia during a business trip.
One police officer, for example, conceded on cross-examination today that he had discussed his testimony in advance with Officer Powell, Mr. Wind's father and Mr. Mulford.
"He had some real good moments.
Although the recession is over and legal business appears to be recovering from its effects, the firms are continuing to lay off lawyers and freeze hiring because there is no longer enough work to support the number of lawyers they employed in the booming 1980's.
"This was around the same time Mr. Wachler was having difficulty," he said, "and I am certain that if it would not have been for the preceeding and forgoing with Mr. Wachler, he would have reversed or at least remanded my case for a hearing."
As he moves on, one of the men growls, "He thinks Yeltsin will keep him out of the Army."
With the paper in bankruptcy, buying it in effect means negotiating with The Post's creditors and getting any deal approved by the bankruptcy court.
The fact is, New York City has elected a mayor with a very different ideology and philosophy than any we have seen in City Hall in recent decades.
In my district we continuously attend workshops related to subject areas.
Americans bought more wine from Europe than usual in a panic buying spree.
This is as good a way to dance off the Thanksgiving fat as possible.
Where Mr. Clinton promises lower corporate medical bills, many companies are seeing red about requirements that they buy health insurance for all employees.
But he did not get 50 percent and will face Robert Hoskins on Thursday.
But the craziness Judge Ametistov found in Manhattan hardly compares to what he has seen in Moscow over the last two years.
Like Sylvia Plath, Anne Sexton is sometimes remembered more for her suicide than for her poetry.
"Basically, stay the hell away from the neck," he said.
Oil prices ended only modestly higher.
Speaking not just of police issues, he said, "The single most important thing I believe we can do to turn around long term the problem of crime and deterioration is to give our children a better basic education."
Like a yo-yo, they go up and down.
So we will be able to lower the unemployment rate more easily.
American is asking for damages to be determined by the court and an order barring KLM and Northwest from using or disclosing American's trade secrets.
It has been a glorious race for the Yankees, but their chase has stalled two weeks shy of the finish line.
Shares plunged to a 52-week low of 28 during the day, and more than 4.1 million shares were traded .
If they look across the street and upward, they can see "Hey, Dave!"
Fertilizer use increased ninefold from 1950 to 1984, but since then has increased little.
Andrea Electronics, which is under investigation by the Securities and Exchange Commission because of the volatility of its stock recently, lost 6 1/4, to 41 1/2.
*The variety of sexual activity increased with the age of the men involved and with their education levels.
This is the first time that I.O.C.
The weather-related delays made it almost impossible to determine the impact of a reported slowdown at United Airlines by unions for pilots and ground crews.
Robbed and Then Drowned Mr. Honeycutt, who was moonlighting as a taxi driver, was kidnapped, robbed, sodomized and locked in the trunk of his taxi on Sept. 4, 1977.
This spring, the owner, Frank Visakay, decided to lower all prices by 40 percent to improve business.
Robert Robbins, the parish pastor.
Would prohibit medical suppliers from selling details of a customer's medical history to marketers without the customer's permission.
"I get up at 5:30 every morning and I don't go to bed until after midnight and I have no anxiety and I have no obligation to worry about seven and a half million people and how to wisely spend a $30 billion budget.
A W. for the Mets?
The way X-Press and TV Guide are hoping to attract subscribers to TV Guide on Screen is by trading on the reputation of TV Guide magazine.
Regulating Title Insurance The legislature also passed, as part of the land-claims package, a bill to create a task force to study the issue and a measure authorizing the State Insurance Department to form new regulations about title insurance.
In opposition "you sort of get to pick your shots," Mr. Dole said last week in his Capitol office overlooking the Mall and the Washington Monument.
Because lenders can fatten their profit margins with Amerin mortgage insurance, Mr. Friedman expects to garner 10 percent to 15 percent of the market within thee years.
New York's Wish List Last week, Mayor David N. Dinkins of New York gave Mr. Pena a list of 519 New York projects costing a total of $1.7 billion.
No matter how fast McDonald's and Wal-Mart expand their relationship, neither expects to declare that it has moved out of the experimental stage soon.
He is survived by his son and two daughters.
They're the flip side of all those child stars who ever wore ribbons in their curls and, obeying mommy, smiled adorably at a casting director.
An Omnimax theater is becoming a necessity at science museums.
JULIAN KANE Geology Professor, Hofstra U.
Progress, But Limited Leaders of the African National Congress said they were delighted by the progress at the negotiations and the fact that no party had yet abandoned the process.
Western Union's similar Phone Card, sold at most of the company's offices, costs $5, $10, $20 and $50; local calls are also 60 cents a minute.
But the United Nations said the machinery could easily be reconverted to produce chemical weapons.
Dauphin, with 102 branches in Pennsylvania and Maryland, said the acquisition would expand its presence in Pennsylvania's Franklin County, which borders Maryland.
With no further investment for new models, as Volkswagen has hinted, "it is only a matter of time," Mr. Escudero warned.
"But all I hear is how immigrants and competition will take away more jobs."
Nutri-System has apparently found a buyer after a group of banks froze the assets of the troubled weight-loss company.
But United Nations officials say they have grown increasingly exasperated at being blocked at Serbian checkpoints leading into Bosnian territory.
Other experts will discuss the uses and types of conifers that are best for the Northeast climate, and the ever widening range of bulbs.
You know, a year or two years could go by, people could be working on something with maybe only slightly measurable progress, but the country felt that it was moving forward.
At the end, once they had presumably assimilated all the information, they would be polled for their opinions.
Though called as a defense witness, she had provided a compelling personal testament to the violence of the beating.
Some New Options The new options include eight "reverse commuter" services that give more service to urban residents who work in the suburbs, 16 expanded evening and weekend services for workers and shoppers at suburban malls and two additional park-and-ride services.
"Everyone remembers the plane crash and the cannibalism, but they forget that these two boys actually walked out of the Andes," Mr. Shanley says.
There's been a growing sense that for breast cancer, there might be some solutions through public policy, instead of it just being your own personal nightmare."
Dr. Wood emphasized that the study involved only 43 months of follow-up and that there was evidence to suggest that intraductal carcinoma took an average of 10 years to recur.
I think the West would make the most fatal possible mistake if it yielded to such pressures.
And the Navy isn't much help either; in trying to keep a nearby river open, it draws fire on the captain's unit.
His job, he argued, was as much about urban planning as it was about architecture.
He said he would seek productivity and efficiency from the bureaucracy.
We'll decide on a case-by-case basis."
craft, and discard the mortal co-author, stripping humans of one of the last things they can do better than machines.
The union wants to retain the bonus and the holiday and seeks 5 percent raises each year.
Mr. Nowick's first wife, the former Roslyn Abzug, died in 1973.
An angry boyfriend stabbed Maria Rodriguez to death after an argument in her East Harlem apartment on Saturday, the police said yesterday.
The tax may not be trivial: Bermuda levies a $15 charge per departing passenger, for example.
He was yelling at us and waving this gun around.
If homeowners prepay their mortgages, anyone holding the securities must reinvest the proceeds at prevailing rates, which will be lower than when the securities were purchased.
"Hey, Rick," Officer Chris Kallmeir said to a homeless regular.
Commemorative items may be ordered 24 hours a day by calling (800) 822-5868.
How great would it be to hear that, even on tape?"
Thus the domestic cat has the latent capacity to redevelop rich color vision should it ever need to switch to daytime hunting, he said.
And later Anne became a critically acclaimed and commercially successful writer in her own right.
He said the shootings were vital to save police lives.
A year later, in 1954, Mr. Sordi's career took off with his performance in "A Day in Court," as Nando Moriconi, a young Italian so besotted with America that, at one point, he pulls out an imaginary six-shooter to threaten his spaghetti.
"We changed attitudes from one of doubt to one of confidence about the company, and morale has never been higher."
said Fred Drasner, the co-publisher with Mortimer B. Zuckerman of The Daily News.
He said Mr. Hall "dissed" or disrespected Mr. Anderson in front of his girlfriend, and Mr. Anderson said he would be back to settle the score.
Among its reasons: soaring labor costs abroad.
Mr. Dinkins began raising money for his re-election the day he took office four years ago, and as of early last week, he had a total of $8.5 million from more than 16,000 contributors.
The performances speak with a natural ease that derived from a supreme confidence in the Germanic (and Italianate) musical traditions, a confidence unqualified and unmodified by the swirl of events.
We are separated by three inches of glass and an ocean of cognition.
This tendency, called a trend, is not large enough for statisticians to say it is a real effect.
"I'd show them something I did.
At Ungaro, gently shaped princess dresses take the place of the wrapped styles that have been identified with the designer for a decade.
The new midsize sedans, introduced last summer, are off to a fast start.
In the heat after Penn's, the University of Washington, the perennial Western rowing power, bettered the Quakers' time by five-tenths of a second for the fastest qualifying time of the morning.
Few Submarines Planned Reflecting the declining threat from the former Soviet Union, the number of Navy attack submarines, which used to hunt Soviet ballistic missiles submarines, will decline to 55 from the 88 now in operation, Defense Department officials said.
As a cat owner turns a crank on the outside of the dome, the basket inside, which is upside down, descends down one side of the cat box.
Some aides, often with a roll of the eyes, express the fear that a vacation might never come.
But JIM COURIER raised hackles among the British press, always a headline-grabbing mistake, by challenging DAVID MILLER, a respected veteran correspondent for The Times of London, to step outside the interview room and settle their differences with "a one-on-one."
One school of thought holds that Mr. Badillo, being better known than Mr. Hevesi, has stolen from the anti-incumbency sentiment that Mr. Hevesi was enjoying.
But considering what has happened in the playoffs so far, New York's situation looks enviable.
But the narration is wry and dry, as the program explores the mix of "desires and dollars, myth and money" that propel a trillion-dollar industry.
The one that will be administered through H.M.O.
Navratilova, a 10-time champion at Eastbourne, was a 6-1, 6-3 winner over fellow American Patty Fendick.
A decade later he founded Juniper Enterprises, a consulting firm in direct marketing and publishing.
The jury reached its verdict this afternoon at about 12:30, after 6 hours and 13 minutes of deliberation that began late Thursday.
That is one reason why he has progressed from being an undrafted, Continental Basketball Association player to being a potential N.B.A.
The Government had better wise up or be prepared for Social Security tax revolt.
Pumped up to heavy metal levels, such Fleetwood Mac songs as "Go Your Own Way," "The Chain" and "Tusk" sounded overblown, although they had an undeniable visceral clout.
"I for one was two years old the last time we elected a Republican mayor."
Jerome A. Ambro, who helped change Congressional seniority rules and campaign financing as the leader of 82 freshmen members elected in the aftermath of the Watergate scandals, died on Thursday at a hospital in Falls Church, Va.
A New Device For Faster Freezing Instacool Inc. of North America, a small company in Rancho Cordova, Calif., has patented a new device to freeze anything from blood plasma to food far more rapidly.
More remarkable, though, is Benton's comment, made presumably after Pollock's canvases had soared to fame.
A18 CONGRESS ON A DIET The $2 billion a year it costs Congress to function is small change by Federal standards.
In "Napoleon," the series paid $200,000 to restore some furniture in the council chamber of the Chateau de Malmaison, Napoleon's country estate in France.
This man truly makes the whole world sing.
"It was more suitable for 1 in 9 to spread its wings and be free to act independently as a grass-roots organization."
He became a director in 1963, chief executive in 1977 and chairman in 1987.
It seems, however, that no matter how much they prepare, when the Giants play the Rams they are always in a fight for their lives.
When angered, Banner is transformed into a huge, greenish creature who terrifies evildoers as well as innocents.
"Otello" opens March 21, 1994.
But there was no in-depth inquiry into why the killer did what he/she did, beyond the disclosure that he/she was severely deformed.
Having originated in a "volumeless" world of oral tradition, they are precursors of hyperfiction.
Forty-eight hours later, he had a job with a group that is now part of Computervision.
"I HAD never heard my grandmother speak more than a sentence or two in a foreign language until she lost her mind," Alice Kaplan tells us at the beginning of her engaging memoir, "French Lessons."
Rita M. Moser, director of housing, said the Jacobean Revival brick structure, built in 1920 as the school's original residence hall, was too important to raze so it was gutted and redesigned with suites with private baths.
A "no" answer was unthinkable, and nothing was sacred -- not even executive waistlines: he passed out copies of a "warrior diet," light on fat.
"The minute we start going on line we start getting a fee."
They never needed any medical attention."
In London, the Financial Times-Stock Exchange index of 100 leading shares closed up 48.6 points, or 1.61 percent, at 3,073.60.
The attempt by the American historian Harry Elmer Barnes, for one, to revise the commonly held view that Germany had started World War II was, as Ms. Lipstadt demonstrates very convincingly, an extension of the campaign that he had initiated two decades earlier to revise the commonly held view that Germany had started World War I.
Braves 12, Rockies 7 Deion Sanders used his speed to hit an inside-the-park homer and set up another run with a stolen base, and Greg Maddux recorded his fourth straight victory as Atlanta beat Colorado in Denver.
Yet it never troubled Mr. Helms that in Chile, an elected democratic government agreed pragmatically to permit the former rightist dictator, Gen. Augusto Pinochet, to continue as military commander.
A talk show used a videophone to let a celebrity at a remote site interact with the hostess, guests and the audience.
"Growing up, we had pecan pie for Thanksgiving, never pumpkin, because my mother didn't like it," said Emily Luchetti, the pastry chef at Stars in San Francisco, who likes her pumpkin pie to have the lovely, silken creaminess and the touch of rum of the recipe she inherited from Carolyn Weil, the previous dessert chef at Stars.
The company said it would also supply long-term operations and maintenance services for the plants.
In the vote, the bill was supported by 151 of the 258 House Democrats but by only 1 of the 175 Republicans, Wayne Gilchrest of Maryland.
Shylock has traditionally been one of Shakespeare's most provocative and analyzed characters.
France, Russia, Spain, the United Kingdom and the United States will assist and actively participate in a continued political process to this end.
Just to make things more complicated, the Big Apple Circus, which presented its new show from October through January at Lincoln Center, is playing in Brooklyn, through Sunday, before it travels to Boston.
Both Mr. Arafat and local Palestinian leaders implored Mr. Christopher in separate meetings this week to intervene directly to help resolve their problems with the Israelis, a role that Mr. Christopher rejected.
With a total staff of 35, about half of that editorial, the monthly has done uncommonly well in the prize wars.
-- MICHAEL DOWD, a rogue New York City police officer, testifying about police corruption.
But in another respect, despite ineptitude, the terrorists were able to assemble a large bomb, to kill people, and to disrupt the city.
"I probably understand D-FENS as well as I do being a Wall Street mogul or being a cop," Mr. Douglas says of his "Falling Down" character, who is known only by his license plate (though this harried military-plant worker hardly seems like the vanity-plate type).
"In baseball, you never know where the action is going to take place in a given game."
Mr. Ikeda was arrested on July 9 at Narita Airport outside Tokyo as he was returning from Los Angeles.
Of the total, 450 would be in co-ops or condominiums, said Robert Weber, press spokesman for Mayor Terence Zaleski.
And when you come to the house of pain, you've got to pay."
3" could be described as a ballet that reflects the changing moods of its accompanying score.
What this is adding up to, American Airlines said last week, is disappointing earnings.
She deftly avoided a question about whether her experience made her skeptical about the merits of bilingual education or multiculturalism.
And the hood, with its black accoustic pad proclaiming "SHO" is well worth opening when you want to impress the Joneses, because it reveals a vista of polished-aluminum intake tubes and a truly wondrous jungle of machinery.
Mr. Bischoff could not be reached for comment.
Have a schedule conflict with the original dates, Greg?
Y N Y New York D'Amato (R) .
Educational innovation is already proceeding at Andrew Jackson High School in Cambria Heights, Queens, one of two high schools in the city that Chancellor Ramon C. Cortines wants to phase out over the next four years.
Mr. Clinton did some office work in Washington before flying here, in apparent good spirits, to relax with, among other things, a Robert Ludlum novel -- "my cheap thrills book," he said.
As a practical matter, the future looks bleak for Judge Murphy.
The could continue along the walkway and cross a bridge onto the watefront park proposed for Route 9A, the proposed, scaled-down Westway road project.
Mr. Root said in the book that Italian cooking is "home cooking -- la cucina casalinga -- human, light-hearted and informal."
Not yet, Administration officials said last week, tiptoeing around the conservative dragon on the White House lawn.
Her mother, Wendy Pesky, is a partner in the Farmhouse Collection Inc., a furniture manufacturer in Hailey, Idaho.
While Mr. Hicks is new to the beer industry, he has had considerable success with other beverages.
Biophilia, then, applies to a wide spectrum of engagements with nature that stimulate emotional reactions.
The system, which took effect in 1990, requires the state to pay "reasonable" expenses for children receiving psychiatric care and special education at the agencies.
find a generous place to include the diversity of our journeys, the sooner many of the hurts of our time may finally be healed."
When they began shelling the ancient Croatian city of Dubrovnik 16 months ago, the leaders of Western Europe could so easily have said: Stop or we shall intervene.
"I consider a criminal lawyer's function to be a counselor, a confidante and a friend to his client," he adds.
But straight ahead is the heart of the apartment, the living room and bedroom -- two perfectly proportioned rooms with 12-foot ceilings and breathtaking East River views.
Torrid Vince Coleman (5 for 8 with four runs scored in the last two games) crossed the plate twice in the first three innings to put the Mets ahead by 2-1, but a sixth-inning throwing error by first baseman Eddie Murray helped the Cardinals tie the score and another run in the seventh put them ahead for good.
That's how I feel about Oak."
Only winning can do that.
As Pond sings, "Now I don't know how to go back in my shell."
Of those who make it to college, many are "passed along in their classes," illegally paid off and coddled until they fall back to earth as mere mortals, no longer eligible to play.
They were said to consist of coins and about a dozen manuscript fragments written on papyrus and dating from the time of the failed Jewish revolt against Rome from A.D. 132 to 135, under Bar Kochba.
"If your partner knows that you are trying to balance her concerns with your appetite, it doesn't matter what sort of food you bring into the house," Mr. Hoine said.
Verbal, cute, a charmer, she worked for an ad agency, cut hair, married a Beverly Hills obstetrician.
Officials of the Air Force and McDonnell Douglas said the production, scheduling and technical problems of the C-17 had been resolved.
Park Police and inaugural planners issued vendors' permits only to a select group of concessionaires.
For Mr. Pressac, a 49-year-old pharmacist who once doubted the existence of the Holocaust because nobody could explain to him how it was materially possible, the documents he has published constitute "definitive proof."
This led the World Bank to postpone a planned loan package.
While Bill Clinton was elected President pledging to focus on the American economy like a "laser beam," his attention to domestic issues may be diverted by foreign affairs, a point brought home since the election by events in Iraq, Somalia and Bosnia.
Besides, Administration officials reason, for a state that grew fat by building missiles and jet fighters, it is only fair for Washington to lend a hand when Pentagon spending cuts are the main force pulling that state down.
Those wishing to register or obtain more information should call 654-5548.
Foreign brokers, permitted to join the exchange only since 1986, were clamoring for seats a few years ago.
She spent many days reading through the letters, Mr. Irving said he had been told, and when Gutierrez was about to return to the United States, she packed them in his suitcase.
"It's a confluence of problems, and unless we find a way to alleviate them, Defense has an outlay problem in 1994."
In Yekaterinburg, St. Petersburg and several other cities around Russia, supporters of Ruslan I. Khasbulatov and Aleksandr V. Rutskoi held small, peaceful demonstrations today.
Marvin Washington said he couldn't understand why other players around the league continue to snub the Jets.
That's why this is generally very good."
A small percentage of the cost of every airline ticket is set aside to assure air traffic safety andmaintain runways and improve airports.
Good News, Bad News The National Book Awards, which are to be announced tonight in Manhattan at the Plaza Hotel, pale in comparison with Britain's Booker Prize, which is presented in a televised spectacle, full of open vitriol, that guarantees winners a huge outburst of publicity if not a commensurate increase in sales.
A12 Jesse Jackson has unfinished business from the campaign.
LEIBMAN: She didn't give a damn.
DeBartolo Realty Corp., Boardman, Ohio, an initial public offering of 31.6 million shares, 25.28 million in the United States.
His Series slugging average of .755 is the best ever.
The Comptroller General said it would be very difficult for Mr. Clinton to cut the deficit in half in four years, as he promised in the Presidential campaign.
Spring pressed in on the windows.
Some of the stands in the new show, she said, will have 14-foot ceilings rather than the normal 10 feet, to better exhibit large paintings.
Wallwork: Believes New Jersey already spends enough money on public schools but that much of it is wasted.
Indeed, some undecided lawmakers privately expressed astonishment that Mr. Clinton had stopped short of bluntly demanding their votes.
"Not one of my opponents is involved in the economy from the production end; all of them are office-holders of one sort or another.
C. W. Post 45, Alfred 22 Perry Klein hit on 25 of 42 passes for 458 yards and 4 touchdowns, 3 of them to Jim Byrne for 41, 62 and 47 yards.
It was Barnes alone who assembled the extraordinary collection and initiated the education program in Merion, Pa., and he deserves full credit for making them known throughout the world.
"Clients call us now saying, 'Get us someone who treats secretaries the same as peers.'
The alternative plan itself stands no chance of enactment.
Ceramic tiles can also be installed with adhesive.
Their homes, fixed up with gardens and statues, were a proud signal that they had made it, even if they had to work two jobs to finance a mortgage.
But conservatives can reply that it weakens the nation and wastes the billions that were spent to develop and produce the weapons now to be cast aside.
Or that the Environmental Protection Agency has designated second-hand smoke as a cancer-causing agent.
(AP) TRACK AND FIELD For Jennings, 7 in Row Lynn Jennings of New Hampshire won her seventh consecutive national title yesterday and Todd Williams won his second in three years at the USA Track and Field Cross Country Championships in Missoula, Mont.
At the most recent such lecture, in mid-May, 750 youngsters from nine schools greeted Dr. Carson's arrival in the Hopkins auditorium with the fanfare usually reserved for rock stars: squeals, applause and requests for his autograph or a chance to snap his photograph.
"In this market you must have someone who is aggressive," said Helen Gardner, branch manager of Prudential Connecticut Realty in Hartford.
Officials in the two coalition parties have said they plan to keep Poland moving toward a market economy, but at a slower pace than the current Government.
"Joyce said, 'Once in a while he made sense.'
Since Europe's ideological division ended, Italian investigators believe that the mobsters of the Mafia have gone east to seek new pickings.
Shares of AMR , American's parent, jumped $1.75, to $67.625.
GUIDE TO A LAKE CROSSING Rates and Schedule Information can be obtained from Lake Michigan Car Ferry, Post Office Box 708, Ludington, Mich. 49431; (800) 841-4243, (616) 845-5900 (in Ludington) or (414) 684-0888 (in Manitowoc).
"It never rested or stopped."
"That was the last time I saw him, on the television," Red Auerbach, the Celtics' old architect, said last night.
"I'm going there to play a football game.
"If there is a one-in-a-thousand chance that the present deputies will accept the referendum results and take this path of constitutional reform, [ we ] are obliged to give them this chance," was how Deputy Prime Minister Sergei Shakhrai explained step one.
Ms. Redgrave's husband became the producer by default, she added: "A one-woman show with the word 'Shakespeare' in the title doesn't exactly make most investors jump up and down."
But once she is caught up in the elaborate wedding preparations, she seems at once crushed and strangely fulfilled.
Appearing with his wife, Angela, on NBC's Super Bowl pre-game show, Byrd said that his chances for walking again are very good.
Jenny Grosz, one of two social workers who run the group, said it took the children four months of meetings just to mention the virus.
The Met did the only right thing, which was to acknowledge that the Meyer Galleries were no more appropriate to the art of the 19th century than a shiny metal frame is around a Manet.
Edward Berkeley, the Willow Cabin's director, and a cast of 18 have mounted a worthy production that offers some insights into O'Neill's progress as a playwright.
The whole future of the U.N. rests on this.
But the deal stalled when Senator Michael J. Tully Jr., the Port Washington Republican who is chairman of the Senate Health Committee, insisted that it be twinned with a plan to increase Medicaid reimbursement rates by up to $10 million.
Penn trounced Yale today, 48-7, in the cold and rain at the Yale Bowl for the undefeated Quakers' seventh straight victory this season.
Dr. Kevorkian then dialed 911 for the police, as he always does.
"We have no indication there was any abuse by the officers," Sergeant Barlanti said, adding that the department's civilian complaint division had not received any calls.
In 10 years of oppression, India has alienated a generation of Sikh widows and orphans.
Mason, who had 11 points and 3 rebounds, seemed unrestricted by the sore left shoulder that forced him to miss three games.
Gunthor is a healthy specimen of 6 feet 6 3/4 inches and 282 pounds.
It's easy to see why the Clinton Administration decided to allow a partial merger of British Airways and USAir: The agreement will help financially shaky USAir become a worthier competitor to American, United and Delta.
Results are in Canadian dollars.
Rabin's Prediction on Self-Rule When he and his Labor Party took office last July, Mr. Rabin predicted that within nine months to a year, his Government and the Palestinian team would work out a deal for an interim form of Palestinian self-rule in the West Bank and the Gaza Strip.
"I still see the Yankees celebrating," Yvars has said.
A prosecutor struggles to convict a real estate tycoon of murder.
Remember, you're dealing with two lawyers at the White House.
"In my heart, I've always been for independence," said Carlos Fuentes, a 29-year-old teacher in Carolina.
Widespread travel during childhood prepared her for her first visit to Africa in 1964.
Several of those who came to see Mr. Clinton clutched gallon jugs and said they were happy to see the President visit.
They should at least have a little respect for trucks.
So have Canada and Japan.
A Ljubljana journalist said that the President remained immensely popular in this nation of two million because he tended the grass roots.
It remains unclear how many of them would switch, or how many of the households that have refused to spend $2,000 on the bigger dishes would be enticed to spend $700 on the Hughes equipment.
Pass my legislation, he said, and we can cut the cost of health care and spend the savings somewhere else.
What if "Hamlet" had been named "Egglet"?
TALKS AND WALKING TOURS, Lower East Side Tenement Museum, 97 Orchard Street.
Some money shifted from stocks to gold in the early afternoon, contributing to the Dow's decline.
Dinner and dancing will follow a 6:30 P.M. cocktail reception.
It accounted for 91 percent of the direct jobs and 93 percent of total expenditures by cultural institutions.
Fulfilling Campaign Promise [ Prof. William W. Greenhalgh, a criminal and constitutional law expert at Georgetown University, said Tuesday that the activation of the Guard as crime fighters raised legal questions: "This may be a gray area.
'A Human Issue' "To me, it's not a black and white issue, it's a human issue," she said.
You blame the Serbs for what isn't done by Serbs."
The composer's life and art were rich and variegated, but the biographer's viewpoint, despite almost 600 pages of text, remains narrow.
14 12 13 THINKING OUT LOUD, by Anna Quindlen.
It is hard to be a certified grown-up when you're dogged by the public persona of a scowling teen-ager, a situation that Mr. Dillon nonetheless exacerbated by playing variations of that role on screen well into his 20's.
The unexpected depth of resistance in the military to Japan's demand for the return of the Kurile Islands reflected a feeling that the time had come to draw the line against concessions to former adversaries.
He points out a trio of monarch butterflies fluttering outside the studio.
But prosecutors noted that a witness who was riding with Officer Carrisalez had testified that Leonel Herrera had been alone.
Spokesman for groups opposing abortion could not be reached by telephone tonight for their comments.
Amber is the beneficiary of her father's employment at Deere & Company, the maker of tractors and agricultural implements, and of the health care arrangements that the company has worked out with the United Automobile Workers.
A native New Yorker, Mr. Boscowitz graduated from DeWitt Clinton High School and Columbia University.
That is less than Monday's 6.22 percent but still a new 16-year low, down from the 6.20 percent set last week.
Temporary help accounted for much of the growth in business services.
In New York, the dollar dropped to 106.15 yen, down 2.55 from late Thursday's 108.70.
MOORCO INTERNATIONAL INC., Houston, a supplier of industrial measurement and control products, appointed Richard T. Levis senior vice president of operations.
But many Cuban-Americans here, concerned about the health of their relatives in Cuba, grumble about that hard-line approach as they quietly flock to pharmacies to buy vitamins and medicine to ship to those relatives.
The main reason is computerization.
-- Steven Goldstein, Wilmington, Del.
The work on shells was recently published in the journal Geology and the study of backbones will appear shortly in Evolution.
So about a week before the military waded ashore on the beach of Mogadishu, the airstrips suddenly got very busy.
Further, production difficulties at several plants helped to shrink G.M.
Under that scenario, another round of bidding is likely, traders said yesterday.
Her body was found on Tuesday night in her second-floor apartment on Crescent Street.
"I don't want to give anyone a road map," said Mr. Pollard, but he maintained that nuclear plants have weak spots outside the vital areas.
*Douglas J. Bennet Jr., president and chief executive of National Public Radio, to be Assistant Secretary of State for International Organization Affairs.
But recent polls show Hispanic voters split almost evenly between the two candidates this year.
Primerica may be the suitor but in the case of mutual funds it is also providing the dowry.
You didn't publish it under the title "Don't Buy White" or "Don't Buy Korean," but that is exactly what it was saying.
Pratt & Whitney, a unit of the United Technologies Corporation, has trimmed its work force from 44,000 at the beginning of last year to about 35,000.
The Christiana Morgan who emerges from this book is a fascinating woman, profound, imaginative, bold and experimental.
The new minister, Russell Branch, began to speak: "Lord, we have been writing a new book about all the things that have happened to us this past week."
The Packers' coach, Mike Holmgren, continues to do a wonderful job of putting his best players in the best position to make big plays, especially on offense.
That go-ahead drive, set up by a falling, twisting, 46-yard reception by Derrick Mayes as he fell on his back at the Eagle 21, triggered a celebration from the sellout crowd of 59,075 and made it seem that a brilliant effort by Eagle quarterback Glenn Foley and his teammates would come undone at the end.
A man of honor, wisdom and incredible inspiration, a man who always taught us to put you, our customer, first!"
"It's just one more piece of information.
Mr. Koch, who is 53, is perhaps best known as the man who successfully skippered the San Diego Yacht Club's defense of the America's Cup in 1992.
Now, however, major labels mimic indie style from artwork to marketing plans, and sometimes bypass their own distribution arms to get the image of credibility from an independent distributor.
Cellular systems, which require a live two-way communications link, do not accommodate data well because any noise or interference corrupts the information.
Like other children in their school, the 12-year-olds in Mr. Stanzi's class have undergone stresses that make learning in regular classroom settings hard or even impossible.
By Roderick Kiracofe with Mary Elizabeth Johnson.
In his left-handed style, he peppered Chavez with right jabs and continually beat him to the punch.
On Friday, news that consumer confidence fell in July and that industrial production declined two-tenths of 1 percent helped drive down the yield on the 30-year bond, the United States Treasury's benchmark credit instrument, another few notches.
At its first meeting, a few hours after the swearing-in ceremonies, the Cabinet canceled the prior Government's purchase of $3.6 billion of military helicopters and began a program to create 120,000 public sector jobs.
"We're talking about levels of a problem," said Mary G. Bennett, the Shabazz principal.
The cause was complications from a stroke, his family said.
"Passengers get a raw deal though; they will have to travel B.A.
He is a son of Grace Hirsh of Hartsdale, N.Y., and the late Irving Hirsh.
In the first sign of impending punishment resulting from the Pentagon's inquiry into sexual assaults at an aviators' convention, the Navy today temporarily reassigned six senior officers implicated in the matter.
With money-losing carriers striving to show profits, the increase shows signs of holding, despite sporadic sales, and even though upstart regional carriers are forcing the biggest airlines to lower prices on competitive routes.
estimates, the primary exposure to secondhand smoke took place in public spaces.
His mother, Mickie Haase, is a founder of the Chester Educational Foundation, a nonprofit organization that gives grants to educational institutions in Chester.
After Chicago decentralized its schools in 1989 and gave broad powers to parent boards at each school, the parents at DuSable, where only a third of the students graduate, wondered if that meant they could go back to high school themselves and get the diplomas they regretted not earning.
Life in the United States already seems congested, and Kukoc hasn't yet played a game for the Chicago Bulls.
The future of those living here, and the future of about 1,000 Palestinians in Fahmeh, a similar refuge in the West Bank, will very likely be an important issue in Palestinian-Israeli talks on an Israeli pullback in the occupied territories, starting in the Gaza Strip and the West Bank town of Jericho.
Though the New Jersey chapter of the National Organization for Women has posted two observers in the courtroom throughout the months-long trial and other women's groups are poised for protest if the four men are acquitted, no similar vigilance has sprung from advocates for the mentally disabled.
He has been associate publisher and ad sales director of Time magazine.
(New York City, helped by an economic rebound in the 1980's, became an exception to the trend.)
In an era when many potters are converting functional teapots into bizarre sculptures, John Shedd's is almost conventional in its shape.
The adults were interviewed by telephone; students filled out questionnaires.
Wally Whitehurst (2-3) allowed three hits in six and two-thirds innings and struck out three and walked three.
"We are not a rubber stamp," Senator Donald T. DiFrancesco, the Senate President, told reporters today at a post-election news conference.
Simms didn't return from a golf vacation in Florida until a few hours before Friday night's dinner at the Woodcliff Lake Hilton, which benefited the Collen Giblin Foundation for neurological and cancer care for children.
"Oh, I don't doubt it," he said.
(Comdex takes up two million square feet of display space scattered over more than a dozen hotels and convention sites, so it is possible a search party may find another one.)
As they journey, Clara and the Prince are welcomed by dancers from many lands, as well as by a Snow Queen (Paloma Herrera) and a Dewdrop (Ashley Tuttle), who leads the Waltz of the Flowers.
In mid-February, Bowe and Newman will begin a tour that sounds as if it were arranged by the State Department: South Africa to meet with Nelson Mandela, Somalia to make a donation to the relief effort there, Rome to have a private audience with the Pope, Spain for a personal appearance, Germany to visit American troops and a final stop in London.
No Quick Solutions With only 10 days left in his Presidency, Mr. Bush took to the phones again, lining up support for air strikes against the Iraqis if the missiles were not moved.
b-After losses from discontinued operations of $ 7,349,000 and $ 8,341,000 for the quarter and 9 months, respectively, both included a loss on the sale of discontinued operations of $ 6,998,000.c-Net lossd-Included a loss from discontinued operations of $ 315,000 in the quarter and $ 1,274,000 in the 9 months.
The company filed for Federal bankruptcy protection the following month.
It is just six years old, according to the Census Bureau, and, like many a youngest sibling, Sunset Park is on a constant campaign to assert itself.
Articles, pages B1 and B4.
It also means his campaign will not receive any more public funds while it appeals the decision in state court, city and campaign officials said.
Leaders of Sarajevo's Croatian militia unit have consistently denied allegations that they have been preparing to attack the city's Muslim defenders and have complained for months that their men and installations have been mistreated and kept under strict surveillance.
Investigation Over Ads An evangelical church in Binghamton, N.Y., is being investigated by the Internal Revenue Service after buying newspaper advertisements opposing Mr. Clinton's candidacy last year.
In the Bucknell game, Fordham couldn't overcome the loss of 6-foot-9-inch center Bobby Frain, who scored 4 points.
"My mother called," he said.
He became Preston and Sterling Morton Professor in Chicago in 1971 at the age of 49.
"Light and lithe, the Hammerli 280," read an advertisement in Women and Guns that could just as well have been a promotion for a diet dairy treat.
's annual mainframe revenue has dropped $3 billion, to $9.7 billion, as businesses switch to powerful small machines.
Heat oil in a cast-iron skillet.
Mr. Hanson is a son of Mrs. David F. Ogilvy and Dr. Ervin Hanson, both of Greenwich, Conn.
The poll found that respondents rented an average 5.6 videos per month and ordered fewer than one movie a month from pay-per-view.
Key players: Frank Costa, QB; Donnell Bennett, RB; James Stewart, RB; Darren Krien, DE; Robert Bass, LB; Terris Harris, S. OUTLOOK: Hurricanes recruit so well it is assumed all the newcomers will be as good as their predecessors.
Senator John McCain, Republican of Arizona, received $1,000; Senator Phil Gramm, Republican of Texas, $500; Representative J. J. Pickle, Democrat of Texas, $250.
The winner of this year's Pulitzer Prize for drama, "Angels" has ridden into New York on a tidal wave of publicity that began building 16 months ago when the play was staged by the Royal National Theater in London.
For instance, the Pope has spoken rather gingerly on the issue of Russian Army troops who remain in the Baltic republics, and the large Russian minorities who came in their wake after World War II.
Three weeks into the regular season, there's an APB out for the Jets' ground game.
The Finance Committee will meet in public on Thursday to debate and eventually adopt the plan.
It's a real sad thing."
Mr. Taylor, who started the Jazzmobile free outdoor concerts in New York City nearly 30 years ago, also says he sees promise in jazz's future.
The gear is to be retrieved sometime next year, probably in June.
Ms. Goldstein, the state park regional director, said that when it came to dealing with the potential for crime "we have a very serious advantage that city parks unfortunately do not -- a separate state parks police force."
Mr. Joseph, who took up a collection from neighbors over the weekend and gave the family $1,500 for travel, funeral and burial expenses, recalled his brief visit to the distraught family's apartment.
A Brooklyn woman who struggled, she said, to supplement her poor mother's paltry Social Security check offered to accept a substantial income-tax increase on my salary.
Israel has offered to take back about 100 immediately and the rest by the end of the year, a compromise the Palestinians had rejected.
Unit trusts contain a fixed portfolio of tax-exempt bonds and mature at a specified time, when the units are redeemed.
There is no place for them to go to say, 'Wait a minute.
Did the travails of 1992 break the spirit of a man increasingly uncomfortable in the New York spotlight?
Now, with the change in Administrations, the relationship promises to change again.
In "Gracefulphatsheba" she dons a turban and, using only her mouth, attempts to remove a banana from a hole in an orange plastic detergent bottle swinging in the air.
"I am pleased to learn that more than 5,000 jobs will stay headquartered in New York," Mr. Dinkins said.
Chris Bosio is gone from the rotation.
And if one thing is certain, Shanghai is not getting any cheaper.
Extensive tests showed that rabies was the cause of death, but the officials said it was unclear how the girl contracted the disease.
Such films illuminate a world beyond most viewers' experience.
5 P.M.-7 P.M.: Reception honoring Italian-American appointees to Clinton Administration, Tullio's.
"But one mustn't forget what he did to educate public opinion.
The rest of the schools included in Con Edison's survey are Our Lady of Perpetual Help School in Ardsley, which had a reading of 8.4 milligauss on peak days and 4 milligauss on average days; the Chapman School for Handicapped Children, with 4.4 milligauss on peak days and 2.8 on average days, and the Valhalla Middle and High Schools, in Mount Pleasant, with 3 milligauss on peak days and 1.8 on average days.
Mr. Peel seems to have learned a lot since "Firestorm" in 1984.
National Aeronautics and Space Administration officials said they and their Russian counterparts had devised a cooperative manned space program that calls for more joint missions than previously discussed, leading to completion of a permanently staffed orbiting space laboratory in the year 2001.
Just a 15 minute commute to midtown Manhattan, the area is also a lure for thousands of young professionals who want to be within striking distance of New York City but not so close that their jobs follow them home.
A Little Sarcastic He is shooting 34 percent right now, and is getting a little sarcastic about it.
The low-fat coconut milk can also be ordered from Andre Prost Inc. for $2 a can, with a minimum order of $10, plus 10 percent shipping charge, by calling (800) 243-0897.
A 15-year-old, Sun Shuwei, won the gold and is ranked No.
Barbara and Martin Nachbar of Oceanside, L.I., know that a Planned Lifetime Assistance Network will never be a substitute for the love they give their 35-year-old son and only child, Paul, a magna cum laude graduate of Wesleyan University who suffers from manic depression.
And, in a move that is virtually unheard of in Japan, Kodak has told eight college students it agreed to hire that it will not have jobs for them.
"There were a lot of unique individuals," she said "There was a whole range from completely bohemian to the anal-rententive, this-is-my-corner-that's-your-corner kind of person."
I would not dispute that.
The Accord, in recent years the nation's best-selling car, was passed last year by the Ford Taurus.
In his reply he referred to basketball.
In addition to the figures above, painted by the American masters Philip Evergood, Milton Avery and Willem de Kooning, respectively, there are also Romare Bearden's melon eaters, Ben Shahn's accordion player, Jacob Lawrence's evangelists and many other subjects vying for the visitor's eye.
The tone of tonight's narration is skeptical.
Domestic Competition In the past, when economists and business school professors spoke of competition, it was all but inevitably preceded by the word foreign, which usually meant Japanese.
Michael Jackson, for instance, is as tough for me as college chemistry.
Then, 14 years ago, the past began to give way when, at this place and upon this desk, three men of great vision signed their names to the Camp David accords.
He hopped on his toes and threw up his arms when he netted his third goal of the night and gave the Rangers a seemingly comfortable 4-2 lead.
In high school, Fairchild did not train more than 50 miles a week, but her running was intense, with frequent speed work.
Once, Mr. Zhang recalled, "a policemen told me: 'I could arrest you, but what for?
It was something I welcomed.
Brazil's financial markets, he said, "must work like those in other international centers, where the overnight rate does not offer positive interest rates."
By grinding, grabbing and dumping in four third-period goals for a 5-2 victory tonight, the Islanders ended a three-game winless streak and also put an unloved division rival in its place at Nassau Coliseum for the seventh straight time.
The society meets at the Pines community center, a former Coast Guard station.
THE TIBETAN BOOK OF LIVING AND DYING.
The winner, with Walter Guerra in the saddle, ran the mile and three-eighths on the soft inner turf course in 2:174/5 , paid a rousing $27 for $2 to win and banked $71,280 for his owner, Robert Perez.
That's what happened Tuesday night when the Knicks' 116-93 loss to the Indiana Pacers turned on Goat Starks's ejection for head-butting Reggie Miller in the mouth.
Good Relations with Doctors He added that both companies have reputations for good relations with physicians.
Brooke's asthma is severe enough, says her mother, that in spring, when pollen counts are high, she takes a dose of Ventolin four times a day in addition to her other asthma medications, no matter what her symptoms are.
The symbolism of this sign-off can be freely interpreted.
Elizabeth Sussman, a curator who worked for Mr. Ross at the Institute of Contemporary Art in Boston, seems to have had the final say about the show, although Lisa Phillips, John G. Hanhardt and Thelma Golden, other Whitney curators, also worked on it.
Then one by one, each player listened to the music over headphones while playing his own part.
Bar codes hold less information because they are read only back and forth.
"I got concerned when my clubs started feeling like toothpicks."
Culture Clash, which includes Richard Montoya, Ric Salinas and Herbert Siguenza, has been described as a 90's answer to the Marx Brothers.
Meanwhile, bring a large pot of lightly salted water to the boil.
Next time you would do so just at the sight of it.
Mr. Seselj belongs to a crop of current leaders among the remnants of Yugoslavia who were jailed for nationalist sentiments in the Communist era.
Ms. Wicks lives above the cafe, which occupies two connected row houses, built in 1871, on the eastern edge of the University of Pennsylvania campus.
20 Music: New York Chamber Ensemble.
(Barbara Mays died when Kimberly was 2.)
The Fed chief reiterated his concern about potential inflation in the economy.
Take Burt Bacharach, the composer whose collaboration with the lyricist Hal David produced a string of memorable hits for Dionne Warwick in the 1960's.
The Court needs someone knowledgeable in the intricacies of business and administrative law (such as Judge Ginsburg), not a skilled politician.
The former postmaster of the House of Representatives has told prosecutors that he helped Representative Dan Rostenkowski, the powerful Illinois Democrat, embezzle $21,300, according to prosecutors, defense lawyers and public records that describe some of the transactions.
"You have to have some sort of confidence in what you're out there doing.
THE POWER OF PLACE How Our Surroundings Shape Our Thoughts, Emotions, and Actions.
The long and often tedious conversation, filled with expressions like "two unknown males, up from the bottom of page 13, 'I don't know' (unintelligible)" seemed to underline the inherent difficulties of understanding exactly what was meant when conversations in foreign languages are reproduced in transcripts.
After losing the reins a week ago, American Winner reclaimed his throne as the top trotter in North American harness racing here this afternoon with a triumph in the 68th edition of the Hambletonian.
As a member of the Appropriations, Banking and Small Business committees, Mr.
In Japan, the lack of a decisive outcome to Sunday's election played a role in the mild strengthening of the dollar, which had been steadily reaching record lows against the yen in recent weeks.
REMOVING wallpaper is always messy, but generally fairly easy.
Mr. Abdel Rahman told Al-Hayat, according to Mideast Mirror, a London-based news and translation service, that while he did not "accept American laws," he abided by them for two reasons.
Koch spent $68 million, most of it his own, to defend the cup in 1992.
Still others conclude that religion is not the answer.
Ms. Fortenbaugh was previously New York advertising manager at Buzz magazine.
Meat industry officials agree that a hamburger, if undercooked, can kill somebody if it is tainted by bacteria from infected cows.
Blaming Government for Flood Many people bristle at suggestions that they invited disaster by living in the path of a flood.
S UPREME C OURT Joseph Suraci (R-C), Nathan Berke (D-L) C IVIL C OURT Jeremy Weinstein (D-R-L), Jaime Rios (D) Brooklyn C ITY C OUNCIL 43d District (Bay Ridge, Bensonhurst, Borough Park, parts of Dyker Heights): Sal Albanese (D-L).
The Economy American homeowners are again paring billions of dollars in interest payments by refinancing their mortgages.
The largest of the two was Ikea.
"I can't imagine them putting in $20 billion," said Rudolph Penner, director of economic studies at KPMG Peat Marwick in Washington and a former director of the Congressional Budget Office.
Working from a fabric or wallpaper swatch, the shop will adapt the design for top sheets, pillow shams, blanket covers or anything else you care to bring them.
Bobby Watson improvises on alto saxophone with a dry Southwestern sound; conversant with be-bop, he's also interested in more modern harmonies.
It had fallen $1.50 on Monday and $1.375 Tuesday.
The President's father, William Jefferson Blythe 3d, was married in 1941 in Jackson County, Mo., to a Kansas City woman, , Wanetta Ellen Alexander, The Kansas City Star and The New York Daily News reported.
"Relatively few people will turn out, because most people are tired of all this."
In a cameo appearance by D. Carleton Gajdusek -- the biologist who, while studying the cannibalistic practices of the Fore tribe in New Guinea, discovered that one can contract a neurological disease by handling another person's infected brain -- readers only hear him carping about the narrow-mindedness of his molecularly inclined trainees.
Everybody is like family here."
Add the garlic and cook briefly; do not brown.
The problem, she said, was that nobody knew much about fund-raising in bad times, and the studio had some handicaps.
networks will consist of radio relay stations or "cell sites" -- each typically a few short antennas and a receiver-transmitter -- scattered across many locations in a city.
MTV named two women yesterday to be joint presidents of the cable channel.
Unlike Wagner and Debussy, Dvorak makes the otherworldly seem palpable, muscular and sensible.
The rise -- the largest in six months -- was partly due to greatly increased orders at aircraft manufacturers, according to the Commerce Department.
"There's no problem, it was just one of those classic cases of miscommunication," said Taylor, who had participated in a charity golf tournament in Kansas City, Mo., last weekend but added he could not schedule a flight out until Tuesday.
When Dr. Yaffe graduated from George Washington University School of Medicine in 1976, competition for admission was fierce.
He graduated from Roanoke College.
"But I think it's gotten completely out of hand, and now you really can't tell one title from another."
The closing ended nearly a century of United States military presence in the Philippines.
The justice said he believed the conclusions of the psychotherapists had been "colored by their loyalty to Mr.
"We'll fire them all," said Manager JEFF TORBORG.
"It's cause for amazement," said Neil Walsh, a 55-year-old retired publishing administrator and longtime bird watcher who has been recording his discoveries weekly for about a year for the Sunset Park Historical Association.
Ms. Shapley writes: "It was his nature to be wedded to large organizations while mistrusting and fighting them.
The pieces had more variety than Mr. Branca's deafening "symphonies," and also a sharp wit.
The key to Ms. Reno's success, said most of those interviewed, has been that she has worked as hard to listen to the complaints of the city's ethnic and racial groups as she has to direct the prosecutions of her 239-lawyer staff.
Vivaldi made Sennett's feet move with too emphatic a rhythm, causing the apparatus to shake, while "The Four Seasons" brought the machine to the verge of collapse.
Last week, nearly two weeks ahead of schedule, Gov.
Some recipes suggest testing the pie for doneness by seeing if a knife inserted in the filling comes out clean.
He retired as a partner in Brumbaugh, Graves, Donohue & Raymond at Rockefeller Center.
Since December, when Israel expelled more than 400 accused Islamic extremists from the occupied territories, the Palestinians have said they will not return to the peace talks until the deportation issue is resolved.
In January, before many of the original tapes were destroyed, nearly 6,000 backup tapes from the National Security Council and Executive Office of the President were made to comply with Judge Richey's orders.
"I don't think I had a clean shot, but I feel if I'm open I can create and take a shot," said Edwards, who shot 10 for 21 from the floor.
It proposes letting welfare mothers satisfy work requirements by serving as mentors who would discourage teen-agers from becoming pregnant.
Each quarterback played his particular kind of style tonight as the Steelers defeated the Jets, 17-13, before a crowd of 46,062 at Three Rivers Stadium.
The zoo said the animals were taken into captivity because they were seriously injured or ill.
In the last year, Digital has announced the closing of a number of plants in the United States as well as a production site in Ireland.
For many years, ski areas have offered free skiing to children 6 and under, but this year many are also offering a reduced-price ticket for teen-agers 13-18.
The price of the 30-year Treasury bond due in August 2023 was unchanged as the yield remained at 6.16 percent.
A total of 4.7 million full-size G.M.
"When we see all of these cars and these bourgeois people, it bothers us like hell."
"The landscape has changed," he said.
We had to break the deadlock.
This reluctance among male police officers to encumber a woman with D.W.I.
The declaration of principles, signed by Prime Minister John Major of Britain and Prime Minister Albert Reynolds of Ireland, came after two years of diplomacy and weeks of intensive negotiations aimed at ending 25 years of sectarian violence that has taken more than 3,100 lives.
The article said Serbia is determined to have arms to sell to the third world market and to prepare itself for a possible conflict with Croatia.
The current average global temperature is 59 degrees Fahrenheit.
The Time Is Now But the young coach has come with the conviction that this competition is about the here and now, not the past accomplishments of teams and coaches.
Columbia did not pay for the report.
Asked to design a staircase in the open space between two existing campus buildings, Smith-Miller & Hawkinson has turned a simple circulation route into a place where people will want to linger.
In each case, those who showed a predisposition to aggressive, impulsive behavior had the mutation, and those who did not show such symptoms lacked it.
He was one of 186 cabdrivers killed in the last five years.
I'm trying to stay alive."
b-After income from discontinued operations of $ 118,000, or 1 cent a share.c-Net loss and included a loss from discontinued operations of $ 538,000.The company said the absense of 1991 operating revenues is due to the fact all of the company's operations which existed on Dec. 31, 1991 are currently included under discontinued operations.
Suggested admission: $3; $1.50 for children, students and the elderly.
But the heart of the trial will be the dueling principals.
"It's not like I didn't do anything for 10 years and chose a new profession," she said.
The British Defense Minister, Malcolm Rifkind, said that "a lot of flesh still needs to be put on the bones" to carry out the new strategy.
But what does "monitor" mean?
Kh8 15 Qc3 wins a pawn for White.
At the last moment, General Morillon ordered the soldiers driving the trucks to change routes and head down a road running down the west bank of the Drina, inside Bosnia, instead of the route indicated by the Serbian troops, down the east bank of the Drina in Serbia, and across the river through the Serbian-held town of Bratunac to Srebrenica.
Federal Waiver Sought To do so, he must come to terms in six to eight weeks with The Post's unions and creditors and obtain a waiver of a Federal Communications Commission rule barring ownership of a broadcast outlet and a newspaper in the same market.
So far, most of the new computer equipment is geared for those with physical handicaps but normal intelligence.
"Commercial games have entered the mainstream of American life and I think they will stay there," said Eugene Christiansen, president of Christiansen/Cummings, a consulting firm with expertise in commercial gambling.
Nancy Lopez said the key in the final round of the Youngstown-Warren L.P.G.A.
Influence Is Mitigated One of the executives close to the deal said that while the support of a 40 percent shareholder such as Liberty carried great weight, that weight was mitigated by the fact that Liberty was also a major shareholder in QVC, with 21 percent.
The Montelena wine maker, Bo Barrett, will discuss each of the six wines to be served, three of which are cabernet sauvignons from 1985, 1986 and 1987.
"I think the reason the dollar's breakdown was not sustained is because people stepped back and said, 'Why should we push the dollar any lower if the Germany economy is still weak?'
Michael J. Petrides, from Staten Island, had also clashed repeatedly with the Chancellor, but became determined to remove him only in December, after Mr. Fernandez publicly accused the board of meddling in his work, Mr. Petrides said.
When a concession policy goes too far, Presidents can concede away the heart of their proposals.
"In my two years there I saw more drug busts than any other investment banker," Mr. Koerner said.
Kramnik, now 18, continues to fulfill his mentor's prophecy of a brilliant career.
His face seems ruddy in the late afternoon light.
The waterfront does not want to be put out to pasture.
He arrived in Frankfurt and was able to show that he had been imprisoned in Colombo, the capital, five times.
Are you sure it's not too much sex?
AND, IN A CONTINUING Whitmanesque project, he's walking across America.
Russian industrial exports now total about $5 billion.
Eddie Murray homered on the first pitch of the eighth off Rich Rodriguez, and then Jeff Kent punished Bryan Harvey, the closer with 21 straight saves, for a two-run shot and what appeared to be the deciding margin.
They can be had in two sizes, one of dinner-plate dimensions for $5.95 to $6.95 and the other in smaller glass bowls for $3.95.
Trucks come daily to William J. Murphy's farm to take the milk from his cows to the markets of New York City.
Some of the largest American and Japanese companies have agreed to pay at least $10,000 each for a party to honor the next Commerce Secretary, Ronald H. Brown, at a pre-inaugural gala on Sunday.
"Also, these people are here to work and won't take time off to go to a clinic when they're sick.
The cause was a heart attack, said Lee Davis, a friend.
He is running as the candidate who wants to end 23 years of domination by the Nassau County Republican Party, one of the most powerful political patronage machines in the nation.
It will be costly to retool display bins made to hold LP's so they can accommodate the new 5-by-5 1/2-inch format; anything that catches the eye of record buyers is important to an industry that sells 300 million CD's annually.
Rejected 219 to 198, April 29.
Hopefully means "God willing" in a secular world.
The essence of the trade-off between the United States and the European Community that would lead to the outline accord reached yesterday quickly became clear: greatly improved access in Europe for United States agricultural and industrial goods in exchange for a more gradual reduction in farm export subsidies and, in turn a less dramatic effect on the income of French farmers.
Set in a converted farmhouse in coastal England, the play uses the familiar Pinter device of the intruder.
The biggest mistake was made by all those at State or the White House, President down, who knew of the dump-Wharton move.
Ms. Barr said that she had complained about drug addicts' using the vacant apartments and that it had taken workers six weeks to board up the empty units.
Anderson said he didn't know if Hentgen was throwing at Phillips purposely, but he said he could understand if he was: The pitch before, Anderson said, Phillips swung and missed and yelled an expletive, indicating he thought he should have crushed the pitch.
The President also said he was ordering the Health Care Financing Administration to develop a list of state programs that have already been approved, so other states seeking to start similar programs could adopt them immediately without having to go through the paperwork themselves.
The engine energy is then channeled to the saw instead of the chain, which can cause the saw to lurch.
The game in Bloomington also gave Purdue (1-10, 0-8) its worst finish in 86 years.
Jersey Rate Is Higher Among the 11 populous states for which figures were published today, the jobless rate eased five-tenths of a point in New York, to 8 percent, and five-tenths in Pennsylvania, to 7 percent.
I felt such sympathy, like a quivering of the heart."
The subject of reading brings him to the Bible and his thoughts on religion, which, in turn, remind him of a theologian, Howard Thurman, whose writings and tape-recorded sermons Mr. Ashe and his wife, Jeanne Moutoussamy-Ashe, had come to admire and find solace in.
Phony Checkpoints The Court refused to hear an appeal brought by the State of Nebraska from a ruling that invalidated the arrest of a driver whose behavior upon approaching what appeared to be a narcotics checkpoint alerted the suspicions of the state police.
Cook over medium heat until mixture thickens.
He formally retired last fall but remained active.
When asked what she does when she isn't working, she exchanges a look with her daughter.
Every Western European nation was represented, and no fewer than 35 American premieres occurred.
All that is missing is the laughter and voices of the students who made them in schools throughout the state and who will probably wear them come Halloween.
Another sign of a strengthening economy came from auto makers, who said the sales recovery that began in April appeared to be continuing, as sales of domestically built vehicles rose 15.5 percent in early June.
"The way I was last fall, no way I was going to play golf again," said Nicklaus.
Caterpillar suffered from what traders said were reports that the company had indicated May orders in overseas markets were softer, even though the trend was not unexpected.
"We recently had a stimulus package; now we have a tax package.
Peter Harrington, the spokesman for the New England Mutual Life Insurance Company, foresees a move toward sales.
In his early 20's, he rebuffed a lucrative buyout offer from H. Ross Perot.
He was having a good season when he was injured last Dec. 6 in Buffalo.
Accomplice Named Friskie The next day, the sailor was sitting on his bed weaving nautical knots from a piece of twine.
He waxes enthusiastic about the wine list: "You're sure you won't have just a little taste?
At a luncheon given Tuesday by Elle magazine for Maya Angelou, who delivered the inaugural poem, Ingrid Casares, who works in the Los Angeles office of Wilhelmina models and is best known as Madonna's current companion, showed up in a pin-striped man's suit by Gaultier and small black-rimmed sunglasses with amber lenses.
"Other hantaviruses primarily infect the kidneys, but in this case it's primarily the lungs."
Referring to the Serbian withdrawal from Mount Igman and Mount Bjelasnica over the last week, he said: "The Serb concessions on the ground have produced a very good atmosphere at the negotiating table.
Mr. Meyer has expanded into embroidery, which is enjoying a resurgence.
Because his own name is now so famous, "it's almost impossible for me to interview people myself at the companies," he said.
Iona 82, Northeastern 78 NEW ROCHELLE, N.Y. (AP) -- Harry Hart scored 7 points in a game-ending 18-8 surge as Iona rallied in a non-conference game.
Mr. Dutoit failed to gather the strands together: the Philharmonic made fine sounds at any one moment, with rich unisons in the strings and glowing colors in the brass, but no firm and forward-tending line emerged.
Edberg Loses to Elements It was a dark and muggy day at the United States Open, and suddenly the tennis tournament was without its two-time defending champion as Stefan Edberg fell to Karel Novacek in the second round.
He graduated from Washington and Lee University and received a master's degree in public administration from Harvard University.
And the ads make it possible for people from various cities and regions to make contact.
Senator Nickles accused Senator Moseley-Braun of impugning him, in violation of Senate rules.
Place the shiitakes, garlic, onion, tomatoes, coriander stems and water in a large pot.
Mr. Allen concluded his remarks by proposing that he and Ms. Farrow declare a truce "for the sake of the little children," and even tried a little flattery.
He was in the wrong place at the wrong time."
But this year the restaurant has been too busy to plan anything lavish and will confine itself to serving Spaten light and dark draft beer and weiss beer.
The author has gone to great lengths to capture the manners and mores of the Age of Reason.
Three nurses (Christy Munch, Lauren Helfand and Liz Payne) looked after him, and he tried to teach two of them to dance.
Mr. Weissman said last week that shares of Cypros, which have doubled since their Nov. 4 initial public offering, are doing well because "I think we priced the deal right."
2, beat seventh-seeded Tom Nijssen of the Netherlands and Cyril Suk of the Czech Republic, 6-7 (5-7), 6-3, 6-2, in a two-hour match.
Despite the attention given to the Mississippi, it is the smaller rivers and tributaries that could be most vulnerable if a heavy rainfall occurs again.
He is a partner in the New York law office of Paul, Weiss, Rifkind, Wharton & Garrison.
In opening arguments today at Mr. Wanger's trial, the prosecution described him as part of an aimless group of teen-agers given a purpose in plotting the death of someone whom they considered a pest and an informer.
"He was a schoolteacher and gave everything to kids.
Remember that although these wildlings disappear from sight, they are very much alive underground and their root spaces must be honored.
One Irish-American grew up in Hell's Kitchen and became an intellectual.
Hindsight is on his side.
"Any explanation or excuse can be used to justify having a president or not having one," Mr. Jennings said.
If a Professional Boxing Corporation materializes, boxing can blame a controversial 12-round split decision on Feb. 8, 1992, in Atlantic City that was awarded to I.B.F.
"I've been waiting," Ewing said.
She is a longtime client of Glorious Food, which catered her daughter's wedding.
"I told Sid all along: 'We're crazy to do that.
Calling for the start of talks "promptly," Fehr said, "For a change, let's see if we can do something jointly."
Many were started in the late 1960's or early 1970's, when black students began clamoring for more African studies programs.
Another, the Young Playwrights Tour, takes plays to schools and youth centers throughout New York City.
Mr. Botha served as Prime Minister and later President from 1978 to 1989.
Rosemarie Negron, whose 9-year-old daughter Shalimar was to enter the fifth grade at P.S.
Take Our Sons to Their Feelings is too murky.
It was even more amazing when Mr. Gibson revealed that he was not particularly computer literate.
When she talked to Dan Rostenkowski, the Illinois Democrat who is the chairman of the Ways and Means Committee, she mentioned that her hometown was Chicago.
The study, published recently in the journal Science, was of nerve cells that branch from the spinal cord of the South African water frog, a regular laboratory animal.
Notables who do show up come for the food, not the scene.
"As with most entrepreneurial enterprises, the start-up costs were more than anticipated.
The 37-year-old Mr. Kudelka, who was the company's resident choreographer from 1984 to 1990, was the only one to use toe work on this program.
But protesters continued to cluster around the White House into the evening, and their leaders called on them to stay through the night.
When more ambitious restaurants came along, many people simply thought they were pretentious.
In 1968 President Lyndon B. Johnson appointed him to the United States District Court for the Eastern District of New York.
Prince Bandar bin Sultan, the Saudi Ambassador, wrote to James A. Baker 3d, the Secretary of State at the time.
Ah, yes, the chasm between what is expected of the mom and what is demanded of the professional.
A preview reception, to benefit organizations that help homeless people, will be held on Saturday, from 8 to 11 P.M. Tickets are $10.
Perhaps the most spectacular meltdown was that of Olympia & York, the Canadian real estate giant whose Canadian and English branches went into bankruptcy, nearly pulling the United States branch with them.
Blue," but the few advertisers that handed over their greenbacks to ABC may well be tickled pink.
In October, the rate was 6.2 percent, which was the highest for that month in 16 years.
A Mafia driver, Baldassare Di Maggio, turned informer and led authorities to one of the hideouts his boss had used during his more than 20 years on the run.
In the portion of the ruling released on Wednesday, Judge Hyatt also said the Air Force did not give sufficient consideration to awarding the contract to more than one company.
And when Chinese officials are asked what environmental problems are most acute, they invariably cite urban air pollution, population growth, clean water or soil erosion.
Under the agreement, elements from the two units are expected to engage in joint training in Russia, Europe and possibly the United States, and eventually the entire divisions are expected to train together.
He had asked to be traded to Kansas City, who had already agreed with Montana on a three-year, $10 million contract -- worth $4 million in 1993 and $4 million in 1994.
Justice Wilk told both sides that he would render a decision within a month.
Filon's fiberglass panels are designed for recreational vehicle manufacturers.
(AP) Penguins 2, Sabres 1: Joe Mullen scored with 2:07 left in the third period last night, lifting Pittsburgh over visiting Buffalo.
"But if I can make Atlanta a safer city, if I can improve the schools, provide better economic development, then people may say I've been a good mayor as well," he said.
Glyndebourne Festival Opera, Glyndebourne, Lewes, East Sussex BN8 5UU; box office phone Ringmer (273) 813813.
And as long as foreigners are willing to lend the difference, investment will not be much affected by the level of domestic savings.
They missed 33 of 41 shots from the floor and fell into a 16-point halftime hole.
Today is when Nets guard Kenny Anderson will have new X-rays taken on his broken left wrist.
But the idea that the church, after 70 years of repression, was asking for renewed state controls, troubled many.
East and West were using a modern device favored by a few experts: the two-under pre-empt.
But I don't think so.
Telling a child that she must be asleep by a certain time will never work.
7 7 31 CARE OF THE SOUL, by Thomas Moore.
They would more likely point to the 45 percent increase in the number of players earning $3 million or more, a number that in four seasons has multiplied from 1 to 32 to 69 to 100.
Money traders reasoned that France would eventually have to lower those rates, while Germany seemed as determined as ever to keep its own interest rates high.
The mediators said intelligence reports from the major powers and from United Nations peacekeeping forces suggested that the Bosnian troops were now receiving substantial quantities of weapons, including heavy guns and mortars and smuggled in despite an international arms embargo.