On the other hand, all of our editors at Scholastic are very proud of 'Charles in Charge' and they wanted to do everything they can to support that show.''
The final act begins with a ravishing evocation of moonlight, and the joyful paean to summertime belongs in the repertory of first-class American choral music.
Questions of general interest will be answered in this column; unpublished letters cannot be answered individually.
They included ''The Wolf Man'' in 1941 with Claude Rains, Lon Chaney Jr., Bela Lugosi and Ralph Bellamy.
Mr. Sclafani said the Y.M.C.A.
''They'll have you tucked up in the slammer so fast you'll leave your shoes where you're standing.''
The stark presentations provoked little rebuttal.
The committee represented many different geographic regions and consulted horticulturists, botanists, landscape architects and arboreta nationwide.
But in fact, the lack of sanitation is a well-documented health hazard.
Living Room 'Weather Window' While the nuances of the Soviet leader Mikhail S. Gorbachev's latest pronouncement on arms talks may not be explored in depth, Mr. Hunn will talk at length about the new dietitian at the local hospital.
Mr. Hiken said that Mr. Whitworth was not guilty.
But governments around the Pacific consider English the language of the future and are teaching it to young people.
And M. Sardou, M. Offenbach, M. Vacquerie and all the rest, are they part of the rabble?
Of the 32 million shares being registered, 24 million will be sold by American Express.
He said most of the 1,070 employees would stay on to work with the new management.
Trouble on the Basepaths The Yankees were not helped by their failed aggressiveness on the bases.
''There are some things we can do,'' said Dr. Miller of the Livermore laboratory, which employs 8,000 workers and scientists.
The selection of Moore did not ignite the controversy that arose last year over the selection of Tom Seaver and Tim Belcher from the pool.
''That kind of thing makes it tough on us cowboys, who have to make it on our own,'' said Chuck Bradley, who runs cattle in a high valley of the Colorado Rockies.
That means an art form in a state of ruddy good health, and the musical variety in this year's Kool Jazz programs seems a bracing attestation to that health.
In the United States, remaining packs are confined to northern Minnesota, where 800 to 1,200 are believed to roam, and to Alaska.
The Expos did all right, too.
''They're spending too much money,'' he said of a budget Mayor Block introduced last month.
Aid officials have also been concerned that grain that should be reaching famine victims has been piling up in warehouses or going to resettlement areas.
Does this mean that the world will again face a difficult energy situation in the future?
Given this skepticism in Moscow, and given the extensive publicity bound to surround any meeting of this kind, it is not surprising that the Russians should be directing their statements not only to the United States Government but also to the world outside.
The tea-dance version - with its swoop-and-dip image or its cheek-to-cheek slinking variant - was what one had in mind.
Today, at the Greenmarkets at Union Square (17th Street and Broadway) and on Flatbush Avenue (Atlantic Avenue) in Brooklyn, shoppers will have a chance to sample from among the many different kinds of foods sold in the markets - cheeses, breads, fruits, steamed ears of corn and a variety of tomatoes.
Leigh Keno, an American decorative-arts specialist at Christie's who also collects American stoneware, reports that most Americana auctions include moderately priced examples of these stoneware vessels, some of which are signed works by a few of the craftsmen represented in the Goldbergs' collection.
If we can persuade the Soviets to take these negotiations seriously, it will be a good day's work.''
He is seeking a two-year, temporary waiver to enable him to consider all his options.
''If that's the custom, of course we should give Ronnie a degree,'' said Samuel H. Beer, professor of government emeritus.
As you can see the percentage of income tax owed would come down -way down - for those earning less than $15,000; down for earnings between $15,000 and $30,000; down for earnings between $30,000 and $50,000, and down for those earning more than $50,000.
''The question is whether the city controlled events or events controlled the city.''
He said the proposals were ''sheer folly'' coming at a time when the Reagan Administration was urging an increase in private giving to compensate for the Federal Government's budget cuts in education and social welfare programs.
Jack Nicholson was voted best actor for his performance in ''Prizzi's Honor,'' and Anjelica Huston, also in that film, was voted best supporting actress.
Premieres can be deceptive, and it will take at least a half-dozen episodes to see if ''Mary'' can fulfill its promise.
''It's really too close to the quick of the soul.''
Jesse Jackson denounced investment in South Africa in a speech to more than 4,000 people in Harvard Yard.
Share earnings reflect a 2-for-1 stock split paid in June 1985.
The Patriots (11-5) earned the playoff spot as they tied a club record for victories in a season.
It's meant to induce in people some sense of the joy in the pursuit of knowledge for its own sake.
Motorola has about 40 percent of the domestic market for both the cellular phones and the base stations that process the signals.
According to Veronica Whitaker, the economic development coordinator of the Hudson Valley Regional Council, an intergovernmental agency, the population of the seven counties directly south of Albany was 905,000 in 1980 and will be about 1,043,000 by 1990.
Is a Key Much may depend on the posture of the International Monetary Fund.
At times like these it is not too much to compare Mr. Narayan to Chekhov.
But opponents of Shoreham said they viewed it as evidence Mr. Cohalan had dropped his fight.
The earnings report disclosed the depth of the crisis facing Western Union's new chairman, Robert S. Leventhal, the third executive to head the company in the last year.
These presses, refinements on equipment first developed in the mid-1950's, crush carbon grains under a pressure of one million pounds per square inch, roughly equivalent to the pressure 100 miles beneath the surface of the earth, and simultaneously maintain a temperature of about 2,500 degrees Fahrenheit for days at a time.
He also appeared to back away from imposing Islamic law on the south, where it is ardently opposed by the region's mostly Christian and animist population.
The man, Matthew Fortuniewicz, 23 years old, of Yonkers, was found hanged with a sheet at 7:25 A.M., said a county spokesman, Barry Bowman.
* Campbell Red Lake Mines Ltd., Toronto, will embark on a $6.1 million exploration program at a new Ontario gold find, and is expecting only a slight increase in gold production from existing mines.
Four years was all that was needed by Muh-sha Lin, who a week ago went to the Tri-State Regional from Taiwan via Hyattsville, Md., to capture the Flight A Pairs.
However arduous and unpleasant the work is, it is evidently better than staying in a tribal homeland, where, according to the mine employers, there is a pool of at least 300,000 black men waiting for a chance to work the dark work of the mines.
And during the day tomorrow, symposiums at Columbia's Kellogg Conference Center, Amsterdam Avenue at West 118th Street, will explore East-West connections, with a program on ''The Tradition of Sacred Chant'' from 10:30 A.M. to 12:30 P.M. and ''New Dimensions in Sacred Music'' from 2 to 4 P.M.
However, Mr. de Montebello did acknowledge that when it dealt with current art the Met would have to convey ''that we are being just as experimental and just as fallible'' as others who exhibit it.
He is saying things - implicitly, explicitly, often obviously - about the differences between 'civilized' white men and 'savage' Indians.''
Giants 6, Phillies 2 PHILADELPHIA (AP) - A two-run double by Bob Brenly highlighted a four-run sixth inning as San Francisco snapped a three-game losing streak.
Both benches emptied and the game was interrupted for less than 10 minutes.
Horton (R) Y N 30.
(Jane Addams was working in the same neighborhood at the time.)
The nurse agreed to tell the rights group what had happened to Felipe, Mrs. Gatica said, and the group then picked up the investigation and, as a result of other tips, ultimately found Felipe living with a woman who had two other children.
''Baseball is reborn in New York,'' he said.
he has a good arm.
''This should result,'' he said, ''in a more volatile trend in gross margins and earnings than the industry or investors have been accustomed to.''
At the start of his Administration in 1981, Mr. Reagan did appoint Vice President George Bush to head up a cabinet-level Task Force on Regulatory Relief, which was given the assignment of pushing for deregulation and serving as a court of appeals for controversies arising from the day- to-day review of proposed regulations by the Office of Management and Budget.
Moreover, one of the systems had been inoperable for several days, and a second had been out of service for maintenance for several weeks.
The approach has become common enough for Mr. Noonan's firm to compile a national list of ''conservation-minded'' buyers willing to purchase land with strict development rules.
M/A-Com's stock finished Friday at 13, down 1/2 on the week.
Mr. Gorbachev's approach has made useful propaganda for his side.
For President of the Council, we endorse Andrew Stein, Democrat-Liberal, whose experience in public office and practical sense promise a constructive term.
About 15 percent of victims die.
Instead of electrons, it fires a beam of ions, or atoms that have shed some of their electrons, at the specimen.
''The Greenbelt is like a security blanket, or a purifying boundary,'' said Judith Berger, who lives across the street from Corson's Brook Woods.
Real Dare, 19th in Gato del Sol's 1982 Derby, had an owner who had been investigating a process to change him back from a gelding to a colt.
(Receipts, as much as line drives, are critical to an understanding of baseball.)
Governor Kean today signed bills regulating smoking in the work place, in supermarkets, on public transportation and in restaurants.
The Bally Manufacturing Corporation said it had been awarded contracts to provide instant tickets, computer software and counseling for starting lotteries in California and Iowa.
Life with the Giants would have been perfect if they didn't need an offense.
It begins Oct. 1 at 8 P.M. with the Tokyo Quartet, and also features the New York Woodwind Quintet, Music Spectrum, and the Ridge, Fine Arts, and La Salle String Quartets.
Mid-December to mid-April, $235-$255, a day, double; low season, $145-$175.
Some categories of antiques are traditionally more expensive abroad than in the United States.
''He'll be sorely missed at Motorola Michael Gardner, an anlyst with Shearson Lehman Brothers Inc., said Mr. Fiebiger's appointment did not necessarily mean that United Technologies was not still interested in selling off most of its semiconductor operations.
''I needed to have a good year,'' he said.
Militant Sikh leaders pledged today to step up their protests against a recent accord to settle three years of agitation in the northern state of Punjab.
In most cases it covers 80 percent of the ''reasonable charges,'' subject to a $50 deductible, for covered care during the first 60 days of a foreign trip.
Launched a few years ago, this publication is an enticing blend of the old and the new.
Small Draft This Year In the draft, one of the smallest in recent years, the Yankees also lost a player: Scott Patterson, a pitcher claimed from Columbus by the Texas Rangers.
But a reply came not from the Air Atlanta plane but from Eastern's flight 717.
Since then, inflation has worsened.
New Jersey Schola Cantorum, Concert Choir and Orchestra, with the Williams Center Chorale and soloists; Louis Hooker, music director.
b-After losses from discontinued operations of $59,364 for the quarter and $242,935 for the year.
Announced that Dan Turk, center, will be sidelined indefinitely with wrist injury.
An upbeat, even whimsical but no less lively character emerges from Monika Misslbeck's welter of color and line, in which an affinity with the expressionistic directness of the Cobra painters is evident.
Among the speakers who will pay tribute to Mr. Martin, who died on May 19, are: Lincoln Kirstein, general director of the New York City Ballet; Martha Hill, director of the Juilliard School's Dance Division; Hortense Calisher, author; Ruth Page, choreographer and director of the Ruth Page Ballet; Murray Louis, dancer and choreographer, and Anna Kisselgoff, chief dance critic of The New York Times.
Will it do so again?
Texas, which earlier lost a fumble at midfield, could not move, and Missouri got a 53-yard field goal from Tom Whelihan with 5 minutes 19 seconds to play.
The pasta may not be exactly what he gets at home, or on Union Turnpike in Queens, but it will do just fine.
Mr. Meyer offers a large and fully detailed picture of the rotten, racist, untruthful misogynist who was Sweden's greatest playwright.
The developers expect the guests to come from companies like Nabisco Brands and Exxon that have built in that part of Morris County recently.
I also propped an apple on the radiator to remind me of rosy life.
Mr. Reyat is charged with making an explosive substance with intent to endanger life, unlawfully making an explosive substance with intent to enable another person to endanger life and possession of a restricted weapon, a .357- caliber Ruger revolver.
This party runs until 6 A.M. and is supervised by parent volunteers and teachers.
The most exemptions you can claim without your employer having to notify the I.R.S.
Magic Johnson had only 10 points, but contributed a game-high 16 assists.
''Dance With a Stranger'' is a startling and involving melodrama about the sort of banal crime that obsessed Truffaut, not only in ''La Peau Douce'' (''The Soft Skin''), but also in ''The Woman Next Door'' and, to a lesser extent, in ''The Bride Wore Black.''
One man's experience in the wars of the Holy Land.
''No union,'' said his son Saul.
Expressions of Support Expressions of support for the protest, meantime, were received from Senator Gary Hart, Democrat of Colorado, and Bishop Desmond Tutu of South Africa, the winner of the 1984 Nobel Peace Prize, as well as from some alumni and faculty members.
in charge of worldwide borrowings, said: ''The most important aspect of the financing from our point of view is that it should attract some investors who are not now buying our paper.''
What's important for Anouilh clearly is not historical verisimilitude but a setting for the games he plays with ideas.
It is another example of how the liberal elite holds back when the real needs of those at the bottom of the economic ladder are being considered.
In the single-state lotteries, he said, ''you might win $10,000 or $20,000, but that's not enough.''
However, the United States will keep open all programmatic options for handling such milestones as they occur in the future.
BY pairing two short Australian movies about young working-class women on a bill that opens today at Film Forum I, the enterprising proprietors of the theater on Watts Street are sponsoring a sort of contest between a documentary and a drama: Which better conveys the reality of the women's condition?
But Mr. Altschuler said she made requests in at least three letters during the 1940's.
In fact the character of James so permeates these essays that the reader is left with an insistent after- image of both the writer and the man.
Emily Davis Croll, the daughter of Mrs. Joseph D. Croll of Washington and the late Mr. Croll, was married yesterday to Christopher Graham Wallace, a son of Mr. and Mrs. Frank Rich Wallace of Bordentown, N.J.
Then it studied the best available suspension systems, armor, electronics, cannons and engines before building a model that gave purchasers different options without sacrificing power.
Mr. Leichter, who has served for 10 years in the State Senate and 6 before that in the Assembly, is the second announced candidate for the Democratic nomination for Comptroller.
The Economy The White House is willing to consider more trade measures in response to political pressure from Congress, Republican leaders said.
But Churchill could be indulgent too; he bore with equanimity Lord Beaverbook's frequent proffers of resignation as Minister of Aircraft Production.
James finished that game with 316 yards.
Ottoman responsibility, if any, must lie in the empire's inability to protect its civilian population (both Moslem and Christian) from wide-scale civil war, famine and disease while fighting a world war on five fronts.
When you put a device like this into someone very young, the bone tends to remodel quickly.
BUYING AND RENOVATING A HOUSE IN THE CITY: A Practical Guide, by Deirdre Stanforth and Martha Stamm Connell.
All meals include soup, salad, and cheese and crackers.
Mr. Amundson, an associate in the New York law firm of Curtis, Morris & Safford, graduated summa cum laude from Ohio State University, from which he also received a master's degree in electrical engineering.
Medical centers that treat the most difficult cases should be required to take in all sick people who need care, regardless of their ability to pay, the editor of a medical journal says.
After one connection and one stop, she was to arrive in Sacramento, Calif., just after midnight Sunday morning.
The President singles them out to speak; he knows them all by their first names.
''A Map of the World,'' which stars Elizabeth McGovern, Zeljko Ivanek, Roshan Seth and Alfre Woodard, is directed by Mr. Hare.
Mr. O'Neill continued to stress the Democratic theme that the public should focus on the specific programs Mr. Reagan wants to cut.
But Senator John H. Chafee of Rhode Island, a Republican who is a former Secretary of the Navy, said many senators believed Mr. Weinberger had used bogus numbers in contending that he had squeezed from the military budget as much as he prudently could.
(Daily, 10 to 5:50; Sundays, 2:30 to 5:50; closed Friday.
Rock video has domesticated a kind of performance - a visual in synch with the music, usually including at least a glimpse of a performer's face - but it is a performance that is available day or night, as encapsulated and repeatable as a dose of Vitamin E. A performance that can be seen repeatedly gets familiar fast.
State Would Have to Cut Mr. Cuomo's assessments of the Federal tax plan's impact on New York were more anecdotal than precise.
Kiluaea is perched on the eastern flank of the 13,600-foot Mauna Loa, the other active volcano on Hawaii Island.
All three are scheduled for trial next month.
The State Assembly recently passed a bill (A.1726-A), sponsored by Assemblyman Joseph R. Lentol and me, that would prohibit retailers or distributors from adding sulfites to foods.
I wrote that speech for Vice President Spiro Agnew in 1970, and his slashing attacks on the permissive social attitudes of the day helped defeat such liberal Democratic senators as Albert Gore of Tennessee.
The price is $60 in the It's About Time clocks department on the sixth floor of Bloomingdale's.
Another died because the emergency room officer was unskilled in managing breathing problems.
* Belleek Ireland Inc., which makes china giftware, has appointed Bernard C. O'Rourke executive vice president of its United States operations, based in Pine Brook, N.J. * Bunge Corp., an agribusiness company, has named John E. Klein president and chief executive officer.
The scorers awarded - the word is used carefully - Madlock with a double, perhaps on the theory that Smith's characteristic backhand attempt would have worked if the Cardinals had been playing on their artificial turf in St. Louis.
The Hunts, through their attorneys, have denied any violations and say they will be vindicated.
He knew it was going to cost him.
and his delegation to the Red Cross based in Beirut to visit with us, to offer us medical attention, to comfort us, they were well received.
We really feel, in other words, that we are looking over his shoulder and that he is drawing with no other object than to keep us amused during a wet summer afternoon.
Aim to Stem Student Unrest However, there was no mistaking the purpose of the occasion for Mr. Deng and other leaders who have committed China to an entangling relationship with the outside world.
In Cairo, however, the dramatic interception by Navy jets of the Egyptian airliner carrying the hijackers, Mr. Abbas and Egyptian aides, was viewed as a damaging humilation for President Hosni Mubarak.
''I'd recommend patients see a psychiatrist for a diagnosis first,'' said Mortimer Ostow, a psychiatrist and authority on drug treatment in psychotherapy.
The Rangers outscored the Blues, 10-6, in the two previous meetings but came away with only one victory and a tie.
Instead, ''Minute by Minute'' is the literary equivalent of spending the night in a bar listening to the yarns of an old-time newsman.
The two oldest children are from a previous marriage, which ended in divorce.
Defendant Denies Statements Mr. Pierce is now on trial along with nine other members of the Order in Seattle for crimes including counterfeiting, arson, armed robberies and murder.
She and her sister, Ilsa, a 28-year-old health administrator, waited for news at their parents' apartment in Greenwich Village all through the night Monday and all day Tuesday.
'We're Playing So Uptight' ''We're playing so uptight right now,'' said Al Arbour, the Islander coach.
Treatment is now being offered as part of Dr. Washton's outpatient psychiatric practice; Dr. Washton said he hoped the program would obtain full licensing from the state, which would allow it to expand, in the coming months.
The results of France's two-stage regional elections have accentuated the now widespread notion that the Socialists will fall from power in parliamentary elections next year.
Thousands of wine growers, who waited outside Mr. Sinowatz's office for the announcement, said the proposal would be disastrous for business.
The last time NBC won the sweeps - the monthlong ratings surveys by which network advertising rates are determined - was in November 1974.
Surely, what is good enough for a United States President with such heavy responsibilities ought to be enough for schoolchildren.
He said he wanted to donate some of the money to allow major medical surgery more accessible to ordinary citizens, and he plans to pay for several young Polish composers to attend European music festivals.
The female rat in heat, for example, will defy greater dangers to reach a male than he will to mate with her.
Consumer spending fell 0.9 percent last month as sales of new cars plunged after cut-rate financing programs expired.
The Likud bloc, which is split over whether or not to support Mr. Rabin's proposals, is expected to hold a caucus before the final Cabinet decision is made, and this could delay the Monday meeting, a senior defense official said.
The music tested her cruelly at times, however, and she was able to make few of the English words tell.
Tourism dollars are vied for by all communities because of the economic benefits they bring.
If the President cannot exercise his office, presidential elections must be called immediately.
In this program, I, a Jew, lived for almost two years in an Israeli Arab town of 18,000 Moslems, where along with my fellow interns, Jews and Arabs, I was trained to work with the residents of neighboring Jewish and Arab communities to develop cooperative activities.
On the final round, with the winds kicking up a bit after three perfect days of golfing weather, he made the final-round turn in 35, which included his first boegy - at the par-3, 193- yard fourth hole.
Mr. Fajardo noted that under that program, the costs of transportation and tools were borne by the employer.
Mr. Abbas's wife, Rim, 30 years old, stood by in Tunis during the half-hour interview.
On marginal days, this can be remedied by submerging the rod in the stream to thaw the ice, but after a certain point the endeavor becomes an exercise in futility.
c-Includes tax credits of $31,637 for the quarter and $51,584 for the year.
Among the more high- flown explanations are that Japan and the South are a lot alike because both were latecomers to industrialization and both use courtesy to resolve conflicts.
These barely rising incomes and the mound of debt accumulated by consumers in the first two years of the recovery now threaten to cut into demand for consumer durables, such as cars and major household appliances.
City Clerk David N. Dinkins last night won the Democratic nomination for Manhattan borough president -setting the stage for the return of a member of a minority group to the Board of Estimate for the first time in eight years.
's Further on, beside the army post that guards the entrance to the zone, a 20-foot-high billboard shows a powerful young man in shirtsleeves thrusting a rifle butt at two frightened G.I.
The trade issue itself has emerged as one of the most powerful and emotive in Congress.
When he came back, I was the senior outfielder making the most money.
''People feel they're inherently lucky and nothing's going to happen to them,'' she said.
Of course, that reaction may have something to do with the fact that Senator Dole and former Senator Baker are prospective rivals for the 1988 Republican Presidential nomination.
Pat Riley did not get much sleep Saturday night.
There is also no one reason some were released or one reason 37 passengers and three crew members remain captive, the passengers hidden in the suburbs of Beirut.
He is to address the United Nations General Assembly on Sept. 27.
''The marine people, their lives are in their boats so they are going nuts,'' said Robert Giddis, a volunteer worker who normally drives the county bookmobile.
This does not mean, however, a simple return to what was achieved in the 70's.
Mr. de Leeuw's verdict on the Keynesian challenger: ''Under some conditions it wins two or three rounds against the champion, but in a full 15-round fight, it will lose.''
Commissioner Spinnato said that had the fire broken out an hour later, there would have been more than 5,000 workers in the building who would have had to be removed.
''Whatever you ask for, you're going to get,'' he told health officials today.
Since 1971, when Dr. Frank Field, the newsman, demonstrated the Heimlich maneuver on television with Dr. Henry J. Heimlich, he has been an advocate of the technique that saves people from choking to death.
The Vikings were only the second team to score as many as 28 points on the Eagles this season.
''The biggest surprise was that there weren't more people interested.''
''It's more exciting spending it on things out here, going to Broadway plays and concerts on my time off,'' said the 20-year-old, who lives 80 miles from the nearest city in Metz, Mo.
Cast changes in Merce Cunningham's ''Duets'' also showed off Deanne Albert contributing a welcome liveliness in the first section and Dana Stackpole with Thomas Titone in the fourth duet looking especially happy.
''But the momentum is still probably quite good.''
The Pope's address was unusual in that it is rare for him to speak so directly about a current political situation.
There will be no forgetting.
''Nope, Saturday,'' said Mrs. Taylor, who still had on her hospital I.D bracelets.
Endorsement of Findings Mr. Lamb said Secretary of State George P. Shultz had endorsed the panel's findings in principle, and he ''asked that we proceed quickly to implement the recommendations.''
A judge in Manhattan yesterday approved a settlement between the State Attorney General and Sotheby's involving a disputed 1984 auction of rare Hebrew books and manuscripts.
In 1983 the company reported earnings of $5.78 a share.
It is similarly important that France and Britain maintain and modernize their independent strategic capabilities.
By March 1988, all New Jersey drivers under the age of 60 will be required to have a photo license, while those over that age will have the option of getting a four-year photo license that costs $17.50 or a two-year nonphoto license for $8.
Just as worrisome has been the large-scale corruption by city and province officials.
Handblown glass bowl for pasta or salad, made in Sweden, $30.
These ''other'' interests do not simply feed into Mr.
Just how threatening are big cats, apes, fire ants, barracudas?
''We're still not out of the woods by any means,'' said Whitey Herzog, the manager of the Cardinals.
Then, in 1981, Stan Crane came riding in out of retirement, and he has presided over an astonishing turnaround: Conrail expects profits of $500 million for 1984.
When the mother who is being stalked by the rapist goes to the police, she encounters a morass of unhelpful red tape.
''She'll probably give birth sometime before Dec.
Just last week, the project received a $5 million Federal urban development action grant.
But David Lenefsky, the chairman of the Brooklyn Navy Yard Development Corporation, said the audit was ''incompetently prepared.''
''As long as I'm in the Senate,'' Mr. Boren said, ''I will raise this issue again and again and again.''
Have they forgotten that the MIG's existed only in Washington?
It reports that Joseph Smith, Mormonism's founder, encountered an ''old spirit'' that appeared as a ''White Salamander'' when he discovered the golden plates on which the Book of Mormon is said to have been inscribed.
The Justice Department will not challenge a merger unless it believes that the merger is inefficient in the sense that it gives the merging firms increased power and incentive to cut back output of a product.
Neither did Wellington Mara and Tim Mara, the Giants' co-owners.
Mr. Addabbo has opposed unnecessary military spending, even when it involved companies in the New York region, said Mr. Dicks, who serves on Mr. Addabbo's committee.
Upon my soul, you become younger every day.''
''We're tied into agriculture pretty strongly,'' he said, and, citing falling farm prices, said, ''It's an employer's market.
He said it was ''in the public interest that no one is returned to Cuba who is entitled under our laws to asylum or an adjudication of other pending claims.''
After the $3,000 limit is reached, remaining losses can be carried over to a future year.
Any number of flavorings can be added.
Last month's indictment of five men who are purportedly part of a ''commission'' that controls the Mafia should be viewed as a beginning, rather than an end, to the fight against the organized-crime group, the United States Attorney for the Southern District of New York, Rudolph W. Giuliani, said yesterday on a CBS television program, ''Face the Nation.''
The Mayor said today that on Monday, in addition to detailing plans on reorganizing the Police Department, he would describe what steps would be taken to find another Commissioner.
At the conclusion, she was thanked with thunderous applause.
In opposition to this, the Karen, along with other indigenous peoples, maintain that they are an independent people with their own government and national territory that they will defend against Burmese attempts to invade, occupy and annex.
The report suggested a ''dedicated highway fund'' in which the three major user taxes and fees (highway use tax, motor-fuel excise tax, and motor vehicle fees) are placed in a special account for exclusive use in reconstruction of highways, construction of industrial access highways, and reconstruction and replacement of bridges.
Miss Dearie was chosen from a list of 16 acts who perform in small clubs around the country.
He has been a summer associate in the New York law firm of Tweed, Hadley & McCloy.
The preservation of these skills by schools need not deter the learning of English, and it can respond to the growing interest of colleges in requiring a foreign language for admission.
The bridegroom-to-be is a grandson of the late astronomers Dr. Priscilla Fairfield Bok and Dr. Bart Jan Bok, president of the American Astronomical Society from 1972 to 1974.
Not only the developing countries, but also the United States, Western Europe and the Soviet Union encouraged this view, aiming millions of dollars in aid to finance vast prestige projects such as dams and power plants intended to assist the new industries.
There's nothing to hold them up.''
He could be Willy or Wally or Hans; she Cassandra, Sandra Enketei, Miss Inkytie, or Miss Inkytea.
Both the demonstrations and the questions at the official ceremonies reflected the substantial opposition to John Paul from Dutch liberals and leftists, both inside and outside the church.
This contract allows major productivity gains for G.M., while also providing the potential for added employment on the part of the union.
Murtha (D) # ## #13.
Government officials assigned to everything from educational reform to Antarctic affairs have been put to work on Greenpeace and Anzus policy.
Mr. Lanier said the real attraction of the deal was adding Cluett's strong brand names to West Point's own, which include Martex sheets and towels.
''I started out as a dancer, yet when I first began choregraphing, I never thought of it as choreography but as expressing feelings.
Mike Young snapped an 0-for-21 streak with a single off the loser, Jimmy Key, and one out later Cal Ripken Jr. doubled, putting runners on second and third.
He is lively and entertaining and frequently enlightening, until he whisks the sheet off his creation and reveals that the source of modern horror is incest: ''The fear of incest underlies all horror myths in our culture that are repeatedly told for more than one generation.''
Merrill Lynch is understood to have studied the new Hanson offer and to have tentatively concluded that it would ''probably drop out.''
Each of these groups except the lay missionaries is declining in numbers.
In the flesh, the would-be owner of CBS Inc. is neither big, brawny nor unmistakable.
---- Missile Move Reported WASHINGTON, Sept. 26 (AP) - The Soviet Union has apparently begun moving batteries of medium-range missiles away from their bases on the European front in hopes of influencing a pending Dutch decision on accepting American-made cruise missiles, Pentagon sources said today.
And the ''Rudolph'' television special, which has aired for 22 Christmases, pays ''substantial'' residuals to the estate of Mr. Marks, who wrote the score, said Hal David, president of the American Society of Composers, Authors and Publishers.
An emotionally comfortable atmosphere, together with a cooperative dentist-patient relationship, will add years to fillings and crowns.
Drinking a single-malt with water is an acceptable practice, and many people have water on the side.
AMF, which makes goods ranging from bowling equipment to electronic controls and systems, lost $7.3 million on revenues of $511.6 million in the first six months of 1985.
Though ''London Match'' is the most complex novel of the trilogy, the feeling it conveys of being trapped in a maze of distorting mirrors is almost a cliche in spy novels now.
The five curators cover a broad geographic range.
Berra, though, said he felt no animosity toward Steinbrenner.
Mary Decker may have run her last race as Mary Decker.
''This for the Finnish news?''
Venezuela's oil minister, Arturo Hernandez Grisanti, speaking to reporters after tonight's meeting, said the group would announce its choice this week of an auditing company to oversee a plan approved in December to audit each member's oil production, pricing and exports to enforce OPEC discipline.
On the first floor, the colorful and exciting multimedia, sound-and-light, thundering spectacle ''The Big Apple'' tears, at New York speed, through the town's history from 1524, when Verrazano, our first European visitor, arrived, to now in 20 minutes (three-minute respites between showings), during which you look at a wide screen and swivel your neck when the action switches to the auditorium's side for a glimpse of such things as a miniature Empire State Building or the silver shovel that started work on the city's subway system.
- He said the strength of the economy was unquestionable and the challenge this year was to ''build on the momentum of progress.''
THE 117th college football season opens this week like many of the recent campaigns - in an atmosphere of suspicion and scandal.
High Risks Mr. Volcker, citing intense competition that he said spurred severe cost cutting that could result in inadequate computer systems, held that the Fed has a responsibility to make sure there is ''countervailing pressure'' so that the financial structure as a whole is not subjected to unacceptably high risks from computer or other failures.
Computer Production Hamstrung Nevertheless, obstacles remain.
''The issue is rationing, resources versus need,'' said Dr. Edward Martin, an acting director of the Department of Health and Human Services.
The language was diluted only by the Viking invasions, which, starting in the ninth century, continued for 300 or 400 years, leaving their mark on our race and culture as well.
Tomorrow morning two of the contributing authors, Agriculture Secretary John R. Block and Trade Representative Clayton Yeutter, will conduct a briefing on the book in the Indian Treaty Room of the White House for the 50 other contributors and officials of government and the private sector.
''We have another guy who says he's in touch with extraterrestrial beings, and he's promised us control of the weather if we come up with the bucks for him.
He very much admires Mr. Michnik's antitotalitarian essays, and he respects the political and humanistic activities of the man whom many in the Polish opposition consider to be their most articulate champion.
''We direct people to the right offices and make sure the forms are filled out right.''
Mr. Yurchenko denied that he had ever been associated with the K.G.B., the Soviet intelligence agency.
Its record price, incidentally, stands at 113 3/4 in 1965.
b-After extraordinary losses of $459,000 for the quarter and $2,772,000 for the year.
For example, statistics attesting to the higher achievement rates of whites can be found in the school systems of Stamford, Conn., Alexandria, Va., Shaker Heights, Ohio, or Evanston, Ill.
To insure our state's capacity to deal with lawlessness, I will introduce legislation to increase the number of state troopers on our highways in order to insure the safety of our people, to launch the first year of a long-term program to increase the number of judges in our courts in order to administer justice quickly, and, finally, to provide housing for those arrested and convicted, the creation of additional correctional facilities.
Jesse Barfield, the right fielder, is next with 22 homers and 73 r.b.i.
The correct number is 707-433-4667.
Both the mystics and the utopians were joined in their categorical rejection of the world as they found it in favor of some hypothetical future.
''That's what they pay for.
Bruno Bettelheim, the eminent psychoanalyst, said, ''People settle for less therapy than they need in their quest for a solution that is easy, painless and fast.''
Due in large part to a one-time $74 million pretax write-off in the third quarter this year, Milacron posted a loss of $47.2 million on sales of $530.9 million for the first nine months.
But many others started seeking bias-free tests.
Pressure on Nabih Berri to take major steps to end the 12-day hostage crisis appeared to be mounting.
It said the program gave Sweden, a neutral country, atomic-bomb capability by 1965 and culminated with 10 small, underground plutonium explosions in 1972.
They have been pampered educationally in the Israeli M.I.T.
In June it became the first Japanese military technology officially requested by the United States, which over the years has passed on a great deal of military technology to Japan.
And old religious rivalries are played out through the channels of academic politics.
*3*** COMPANY REPORTS ** View Full Article in Timesmachine »
THE Studio Theater in Lindenhurst has developed a reputation for producing contemporary plays with challenging themes.
They would invite retaliation by our trading partners abroad, would in turn lose jobs for those American workers in industries that would be the victims of such retaliation, would rekindle inflation, would strain international relations, and would impair the stability of the international financial and trading systems.
Twins 7, Indians 0 MINNEAPOLIS (AP) - Tim Laudner hit a two-run home run and drove in six runs to back the five-hit pitching of Mike Smithson for Minnesota.
He could be equally forceful whether he was being satirical or reflective, whether he was devising epigrams or dramatic monologues or miniature myths.
Senator William Roth, Republican of Delaware, opposes the sale of Amtrak.
It is what Sharp calls ''the world's first double-cassette'' video machine.
Many, including International Paper, Champion International, Boise Cascade and Crown Zellerbach, have announced anticipated write-downs for the quarter.
Walking on the resodded portion of the four-acre park last week, Mr. Greene discussed the species he has positioned according to the picture record.
The burden of insuring safety and security within established constitutional standards must never be alleviated.
Allen E. Paulson, who assumed control of the Wheeling-Pittsburgh Steel Corporation last month, has disclosed that he agreed to pay Dennis J. Carney, Wheeling's former chairman, nearly $1.4 million in 15 annual payments beginning next year.
The English poet and classical scholar was the author of ''I, Claudius,'' and ''The White Goddess,'' among many other works.
Mary Welsh Hemingway, his fourth wife, asleep in the upstairs master bedroom of the Hemingway residence in Ketchum, Idaho, was awakened on the morning of July 2, 1961, by what she thought were the sounds of ''a couple of drawers banging shut.''
Nor is the play political or factual; it is not a docudrama.
His was the fourth successful use of the Thoratec device.
On Three Kings Day, a sweet bread, called rosca de reyes, is eaten.
Some of the decorations, art forms in themselves, can be purchased, including renditions of fizzigiggious fish, quangle wangle quees, jumblies and blue baboons.
The decision was based on the elimination of real-estate and special franchise taxes on Jamaica Water, provided all benefits are passed on to its customers.
A woman, brushing tears aside, proudly brought forth a framed photo of her lost son and Mr. Reagan sadly nodded and clasped her shoulders.
The act is enlivened by a nostalgic score composed by Bruce Barthol and Eduardo Robledo that evokes memories of the Andrews Sisters, Lindy hops and old labor tunes.
And in poems like ''I'm Not Complaining,'' irony and humor come through in an appealing mixture: sure it's hard getting older & mysteriously shorter but insomnia & depression afflict even the rich & famous, okay, my folks were stingy with affection & my pets didn't live long, believe me, sympathy isn't what I'm after, I'm basically almost happy, God in all His wisdom knows that at heart I'm really not complaining.
''I think it will be a more interesting world when both men and women are free to move across previously rigid borders,'' Mr. Moody said.
The Vietnamese Communists were ''just like Democrats and Republicans in that way, they all do some lying now and then and you find some once in a while that will tell you the truth,'' Colonel Hawkins said.
'Rabbit, Run' was distressing to readers - it still is - because of Rabbit's hardness of heart.
The panel will have subpoena power but its decisions will not be binding.
It was the third consecutive night a record was set.
Pairs of cheap polarizing filters are helpful in understanding light and color, interpreting molecular structure, identifying minerals and organic chemicals, characterizing celestial bodies and solving engineering problems.
''I tried to play the same match as I did in Hamburg, particularly using a slow service,'' said Mecir, who celebrates his 21st birthday Sunday.
Not nearly soon enough to prevent millions of unintended pregnancies, large numbers of them ending in maternal death or abortion.
The show traces about a century of Jewish life, from the arrival of immigrants in search of streets paved with gold to their survival: they wound up working in sweatshops instead.
''My father would be amazed to see this happening,'' she said.
Coach Bob Reade says he believes in nothing fancy - keep the ball on the ground and make those blocks and grind out that yardage.
The Federal Reserve has been saying since late last year that it felt the dollar ought to decline, in the hope that this would rejuvenate the hard-hit manufacturing sector.
Income averaging levels out income over a four-year period and reduces the impact of graduated income taxes.
But they also received good defense from Dave Winfield, who threw out Davis trying to stretch a hit off the wall into a double in the eighth, and from Mike Pagliarulo, who made a superb catch of Donnie Scott's short liner at third in the ninth.
As Bob Rice, director of special projects at WSC, put it, ''A balloon is one hundred percent weather-dependent.''
''A harder line is inevitable,'' one Congressional aide said.
That has given new impetus to a drive to exclude or limit the number of foreign nationals who may enter the country for such surgery.
In order to define and track the plume, 114 test wells were installed.
Delay Is Sought Senator Dole wants to delay any action on the sanctions bill until next spring.
The Geva Theater (Geva is an abbreviation of Genesee Valley Arts Foundation) moved to its modern new $2.8 million home in the former Naval Armory and Convention Hall, inaugurating the building with the world premiere of Thomas Babe's ''Planet Fires,'' an adventurous Civil War play.
Repeatedly in the last year, Mr. Regan has blamed many of the country's economic woes on Mr. Volcker.
Sets begin at 9 and 10:30 P.M.; tickets are $8, $6 for students and the elderly.
And when it came, he worried that Lehman could not easily shrink its annual $437 million overhead.
Mr. Mzali has since put more of his own men in strategic posts in the Government, the provinces and the military.
In addition, private fire departments often lack auxiliary services, including paramedics, that are provided elsewhere.
Education is the domain of the separate West German states.
On Oct. 16, the party was to honor O'Neill's birthday.
Two plays later, Harbaugh threw the other touchdown pass to Kattus.
''A Million Dollars a minute,'' he said.
She noted that the Government was rebuilding homes in Grand Junction, Colo., that were contaminated by radon from uranium tailings produced in the manufacture of weapons for the Government.
And I'd watch other rehearsals.
Despite its misgivings over the ideological leanings of some Kanaka leaders, the French Government has taken a clear stand for independence, with certain limitations.
One of the Indian composers represented in the New York Philharmonic's ''Salute to the Festival of India,'' Naresh Sohal, has avoided this problem almost entirely by writing in a purely Western style.
Linda Gregg, born in 1942, who lives in Northampton, Mass.
Then where did the great man lay his hands on it?
With an annual turnover rate of 1.73 percent, Hollis ranks with more affluent Manhattan neighborhoods in long-term occupancy.
On June 12, 1984, I issued a directive to all County Prosecutors and local police departments, instructing them that immediate action is to be taken whenever a juvenile is reported missng and that all pertinent data be fed into the National Crime Information Center computer as soon as practical.
He asked for $20,000 cash bail.
O'Brien 19 for 28 O'Brien completed 19 of 28 passes for 211 yards.
But Mr. Speakes declined to comment on the substance of the discussions.
St. Thomas raises his finger, for example, as if to say, 'You think it's me?'
This desire, he noted, was enhanced in the last election, when former Senator Walter D. Huddleton was defeated by an opponent who accused the Kentucky Democrat of absenteeism.
Here is the result - a second list of establishments where you will find, if the gods are smiling, a respect for regional tradition, a passion for ultra-fresh ingredients, an interest in lighter sauces and smaller portions and a blessed disdain for clumsy plagiarism from the creators of the nouvelle cuisine in France.
''They hate it like the devil hates holy water.''
Yes, certainly, and Captain Ahab, if I had interviewed him, would have said he didn't give a tinker's damn about white whales, it was the amount of oil he brought home that counted.
''Sponsors can often do a noneviction conversion without any of the resident tenants buying, since outsider purchasers can effect the plan by buying 15 percent of the vacant or occupied units,'' said James M. Morrissey, assistant attorney general in charge of the Real Estate Financing Bureau.
Rick Parros, the fullback who was waived by the Denver Broncos, has been claimed by the Seattle Seahawks.
A spokesman for the city's Department of Environmental Protection, Andrew McCarthy, said that it would cost New York City $20 million to dump the sludge at the new site, $16 million more than has been spending.
Lush Life - Linda Ronstadt (Asylum) 7.
But now the pastime is being jeopardized by concern over safety and lawsuits by victims of accidents, and most Volusia County beach cities are acting to restrict driving along a 25-mile stretch of beach where automobiles in the past have had access.
They might give two or three years to a Mom-and-Pop operation, she said, and get three months of rent in advance.
This film has no rating.
''It's a touchy thing at night,'' he said recently.
Legions of American academic experts sift the Soviet press, monitor Moscow television, talk with Soviet officials and publish learned analyses in scholarly journals.
To the Editor: I take extreme exception to your editorial ''The Death of a Gun'' (Aug. 28).
''We are trying to piece together what happened.''
If it rains, the concert will be at the County Center in White Plains.
While Beach Channel (5-4) fell, 34-0, to Sheepshead Bay (9-0), Erasmus (6-2) toppled Stuyvesant (6-1), 6-0.
Mr. Koch was briefed that day.
Both the Korean agreement and the investment in American Robot follow similar moves by the General Motors Corporation.
He said it was mainly the American side that had insisted on giving the visit an upbeat tenor, largely out of fear that the Soviet Union would exploit the 40th anniversary of Nazi Germany's surrender to accentuate feelings of guilt in West Germany.
Nonetheless, some studies have found more cancer near chemical plants, although such data are inconclusive.
His father is president and chief executive officer of Nabisco Brands in East Hanover, N.J.
''You have to wait to collect on the pension till your spouse turns 55, and if you're only 35, who cares,'' he explained.''
''We are covering that President with mail,''said Marshall Chapman, president of the Inman Mills, of Inman, S.C.. A White House spokesman, Albert R. Brasher, said he could not confirm the number of letters received, but added: ''I can tell you it was a lot.
Such conditions for the center may be found in other spots of turmoil, most notably in the Philippines.
The Generals had a crowd of 58,741 for the first and 41,079 for the second.
Periodically over the last two decades groups of investors and politicians have called news conferences to announce the latest plan for a new arena.
Other critics, like Representative Denny Smith, Republican of Oregon, have said the concept of the weapon was flawed from the beginning.
Appointed to the Federal bench in 1968 by President Johnson, Judge Nixon, 56 years old, now presides as the chief judge for the district court that covers the southern half of Mississippi.
One row depicts a sequence of day lilies; an-other, poppies; the third, tulips.
He said the tragedy of last week's earthquakes would provide the starting point.
Few public parks in Europe are more perfect, more immaculate, than those of Geneva, where the shores of Lake Geneva close in to form the Rhone River.
''In the beginning I wanted to go get my medication on Mondays, but believe me, I don't miss it now,'' said Sylvia Fertel, a resident.
It will not do, when I.R.S.
Mr. Shevchenko, dressed in a dark suit, yellow shirt and red checked tie, said that he waited until now to respond to the article because he was out of Washington much of the time and because he had not wanted to respond at all.
The foundation is averaging about 6 percent of the proceeds from the sale of items ranging from $1 buttons to $5,000 wood-carved clocks, said Henning Nielsen, the director of public affairs.
Hearns slammed a couple of long jabs at his eye, and then Hearns threw another and Hearns seemed to stagger at the energy all this punching was taking, and compounded by the punches he had been absorbing.
He said that the Nicaraguan Army seldom took prisoners and that the Government had been forcibly relocating rebel sympathizers and bombing insurgent areas without regard for peasants living there.
(Television - Channel 2, 1:30 P.M.) Miami vs. U.C.L.A.
He says he left because his compensation contract had become the focal point of union rage against management.
Mr. Grandbouche is listed as a founding member of chapters of Posse Comitatus in charters filed in six Colorado counties in the mid-1970's.
''But it could have assumed more catastrophic proportions if you think that at 5:45, at least 20 other workers would have begun a new workday.''
Haworth, with eight goals for the season, has scored in six consecutive games, the longest streak in the National Hockey League this year.
he likes to tell the kids about black heroes of the West and to let them know that blacks can be anything they set out to be, even cowboys.
It was a lack of concentration.''
The prosecutor emphasized in his opening remarks to the jury that ''We are not talking here about someone who maybe shot a deer out of season once in their lifetime,'' but about ''people who make a living out of taking and selling wildlife.''
So when the Patriots traded him to the 49ers before the 1983 season, he was hardly upset.
Writers such as John Cheever and Joy Williams admirably show that suburbs can be as strange as the next place in fiction.
''All of us, whether guilty or not, whether old or young, must accept the past.
In Madison, Paul Barry's production has exceptional performances, barely adequate ones and some sense of ensemble.
I would hope that inane, narrow-minded prejudices can be put aside so we can start working together to beat America's No.
Since that initial reorganization, which led to major relocations and new training programs, I.B.M.
Today people are still meeting violent death in East Timor's barren hills.
The couple and their two children, Alexander, 5, and Alexis, 2, were on vacation in Corfu, Greece, before the hijacking.
One case has ended up in the United States Court of Appeals in San Francisco.
Hoard was elected Governor of Wisconsin in 1888.
Statistically speaking, you're not going to have the catastrophic accident covered by extended warranties.
The slatted arms sweep around at the back to provide a curved rest; the legs are straight and tapered.
While sales of previously occupied homes have shown strength in recent months, sales and construction of new homes have lagged despite the drop in mortgage rates.
Defense Secretary Caspar W. Weinberger and his aides argue that to agree on general principles or guidelines without getting into the details would seriously prejudice subsequent negotiation on the all-important details.
Two members of the United States House of Representatives and other Americans escorted Mr. Kim here on the trip from the United States, which included an overnight stay in Japan.
Accent changes may be further intensified, Mr. Labov said, by a desire to stand together against latter-day immigrants moving into the big cities.
''When we have tried to negotiate with the insurance companies to provide it themselves, we have gotten nowhere,'' said John Ambrose, a spokesman for the National Mental Health Association.
We were on a scruffy landfill large enough to park 20 or 30 cars.
We also had the advent of psychotropic drugs.
''Maggie and her clan purchased the truck,'' Mr. Mosher said in a telephone interview, ''to help start a small textile factory and get permission to get some of their family out to Hong Kong.''
The bill, called the ''light of the end of the tunnel'' by many legislators, was passed by the State Legislature on June 29.
LUNDGREN, David C., Pfc., Chicago LYNCH, Benjamin R., Pfc., Macon, Ga. LYNEBERRY, Donald, Sgt., Woodlawn, Va. McARDLE, Paul, Sgt., Winslow, Ariz. McCARTY, Joey, First Lieut., Canyon Lake, Texas McCLEERY, Christine M., Specialist 4, Rapid City, S.D.
An official at Merrill Lynch said offerings by the Dallas Independent School District, the North Carolina Muncipal Power Agency and the Alabama Public School and College Authority had been well received.
Next will come ''Jaguar,'' scheduled to be shot early in 1986, with Miss Alexander playing a zoologist.
Just think about it and it disappears.
''Three telexes have already gone out,'' she said last week.
For instance, a big Pittsburgh steel company might raise money by issuing yen bonds or a Detroit auto company might sell bonds denominated in Swiss francs.
Each evening was an elimination tournament by itself, although the same 36 wrestlers appeared each evening.
Nobody can say on this Fourth of July, A.D. 1985, that the spirit of independence is not alive in America.
The roots of his most recent technical triumph go back to the 1970's when he persuaded Dr. Simon van der Meer, a CERN physicist, to resurrect a discarded theory for the production and storage of antiprotons, particles that are identical to protons in mass and spin but that have the opposite electric charge.
Similarly, Mr. Griffin said, ''If Hemingway behaved as though he were tough and careless of other people's feelings, it was because he felt they would be uncharitable with his vulnerability.
In his ''At the Shoe Shop,'' for instance, he combines the finesse of social observation with the deft use of a gridded background (made of the boxes in which shoes lie waiting for the customer) and the serpentine patterning of the floor.
Then set aside to soak for 1 hour.
The new GAF offer contains a novel twist in the world of takeovers.
But my favorite of all the delights on this half acre is the terra-cotta cherub, happily dancing, one arm raised in glee.
Mr. Garrett, an articulate lawyer as well as the lead singer and principal lyricist of ''Midnight Oil,'' insists that neither he nor his party is anti-American.
And so when the Islanders win just a single game, it is not like just any team's doing it.
''With a team like the Knicks, you just have to attack their trap and counter their pressure and go right at them,'' Ransey said.
In August 1984, American Savings and Loan faced huge deposit outflows after the S.E.C.
was filed Nov. 10, 1981.
Yet the dancers thoughtlessly dumped their coats on her lap as if she were a piece of furniture and, later, they burst into speech, yammering and complaining as, cowed, she moved nervously about her chair.
The decline in the number of rental buildings around the city also will change how the review board handles appeals.
These pieces were purchased by the mansion and will reign again in its parlor when the residence's restoration is completed.
He said he would continue to delay the nomination ''until I have the written communication from Mr. Willard and am satisfied with it.''
Property values have skyrocketed, followed closely by rents that have jumped from $150 a month to more than $700 for a renovated apartment.
Party stalwarts like Bernard Landry, Quebec's Minister for International Affairs and External Trade, are not exclusively pessimistic.
Nevertheless that sort of feistiness helps explain MCA's behavior two years ago when Stephen Wynn, chairman of the Golden Nugget, which owns gambling casinos, began buying MCA stock.
The team physician, Dr. Norman Scott, said that Cartwright's return depends upon the extent of the ligament damage to his left foot, which cannot be determined until the swelling subsides later this week.
''This is not true, because a growing percentage of our volume, some 30 percent, now comes from abroad.
To house the family in that room, the city pays the Carter $62.62 a day, Mr. Deacy said.
''Economists from all over the world come to see how we function, because they are in awe of how this is being carried through,'' Mr. Alfonsin said recently, obviously enjoying the country's new status.
Two bettors selected the winners of the third through eighth races, and each winning ticket was worth $56,123.
The evidence that monarchs slept on straw was found in an archive.
$500,000 Award Initially In August 1983 a six-member jury in Kansas City awarded Miss Craft $500,000 on the fraud allegation.
Unless a lawyer is too ill to defend himself, Mr. Jackson said, ''the mere fact that a lawyer may be seriously ill I don't think should deter a proceeding against him.
Basically, everyone is waiting for him to trip himself up.''
Even as we clean up the current system, we will be lowering rates for the vast majority of Americans.
Saddle of lamb, $6.99 a pound (boned at no extra charge).
Mr. Roth, the son of Walter and Dr. Chaya H. Roth of Chicago, is a playwright and member of the Circle Repertory Company Writers Lab in New York.
Tate won't believe, either, that Randall Jarrell has been excommunicated by the Partisan Review boys.
''How could they do this to us?''
He has completed three takeovers of companies larger than his own.
By 4 P.M., the funnel is usually hopelessly clogged by traffic.
Many of the 262 pictures reproduced here are not just of people in a war or at war but are pictures of war.
''It is always the innocent people who suffer,'' said Michael Williams, a black resident who is a bank dispatcher.
1219 is a positive and farsighted proposal that comes to grips with changes in the world economy.
A memo on the design of vans for gassing said: ''The merchandise aboard displays during the operation a natural tendency to rush to the rear doors, and is mainly found lying there at the end of the operation.
For 10 seasons there have been repeated hopes for the emergence of a ''new'' and ''more productive'' Darryl Dawkins.
The stock market was also helped yesterday by remarks made by Henry Kaufman, chief economist at Salomon Brothers Inc., who reportedly told clients that he expected to see a cut in the current 8 percent discount rate by the Fed, according to analysts.
So these Democratic and Republican professionals have begun watching MTV, the 24-hour all-music cable television station that is so popular with American youths.
Most of the specifics of playing a piece are worked out at rehearsals or before, Mrs. Eisenberg said.
He was too complex for me, so finally we parted, but that was a good meal and I liked it, and I liked the people who ran the restaurant he took me to, partly because they were on to his game and never betrayed to him how inwardly amused they were.
While the United States has been tightening its belt in the social-welfare area, Israel has expanded its programs.
The sauce was ready for the table.
That aim became a firm reality last year when Cambridge University granted Lucy Cavendish foundation status, making it a permanent part of the university.
Even when the idea - maybe they call it a ''concept'' nowadays - even when the concept sank in, I didn't really cry.
In reflecting on his tenure at the bank, Mr. Olsen said the period from 1979 through 1981 was a particularly interesting time for an economist.
Their pitching hasn't been so balanced, however.
''It was very moving to hear him talk,'' she said, ''and I think that's one reason the kids responded so generously.
Among the computer and glamour stocks that declined yesterday was International Business Machines, a market bellwether, which dropped 2 1/8, to 121.
He has been a role player during his 10 seasons in the National Basketball Association - smart and aggressive, although awkward, all elbows and knees, leaving opponents with the feeling of being jabbed by a sharpened pencil.
Any military engagement between Israel and Syria would make movement toward peace negotiations more difficult, American officials said.
''This is the time to keep our cool,'' she said.
But as a collaboration, it fails decisively, and was greeted by those who stuck it out to the end with a positive (negative?)
Art of the antiwar and feminist movements is also on display as are 75 black-and-white pictures by photojournalists and others.
Most people here interpreted that as a gesture to prod the Governor into a final offer on taxes, which it did.
Load of Up to 450,000 Pounds The rig, half the length of a football field when fitted with three trailers, is pulled by a 525-horsepower engine that can haul up to 450,000 pounds.
''If he hadn't won, he would have been responsible to bring the money in tonight.''
I think cities must have adequately frayed the high-tech nerves of all those designers and marketeers, to be able to really present this stuff as the new chic look without choking on the tongue in their cheek.
''In Africa, the carving takes place in public.
''Now that audience is of an age where they are starting to have families of their own.''
Across China, the experience has been that the loosening of economic and political constraints has aroused a venal element that seemed to have lain dormant under Mao.
Still, that was against $35,000 claiming horses, the price for which Trainer Peter Ferriola had claimed Late to Rise in May.
Cable News Network, the 24-hour news service owned by Mr. Turner, is itself a defendant in a sex-discrimination suit filed by Ann MacFarlane, a former producer.
It seems to us that critics of the current Administration all too quickly blame President Reagan's policies when discussing the problem of hunger -and hardship - in this country.
Students with empty stomachs and empty plates will appeal - perhaps angrily - to those who are guarding their surplus.
Lincoln Center may have helped, too; the place also has a ballet studio.
*3*** COMPANY REPORTS ** View Full Article in Timesmachine »
*3*** COMPANY REPORTS ** View Full Article in Timesmachine »
The Bruins (19-1-4) have been so businesslike in the playoffs that only American University (19-2-2) stands between them and their first national championship in soccer.
This was really clever program-making, simultaneously elegant from a conceptual standpoint and persuasive, musically.
Benjamin Weir, who announced that he had been freed by his kidnappers in Lebanon to take back with him a fresh demand that the United States obtain the release of 17 Shiite Moslems convicted in Kuwait for terrorist activity.
Shaded by evergreens not on their property, the greenhouses had to be moved to a sunny location to be effective.
Meachum, from Clear Lake, Tex., is 10-2, with 6 knockouts.
If fully mounted opera is more to your liking, you can attend both Connecticut Opera's production of Rossini's Barber of Seville'' and Connecticut Grand Opera's staging of Gounod's ''Faust.''
His main argument was that many other nations had been encouraged, following the 17-nation boycott led by the Soviet Union, to bring extra athletes to the Summer Games in order to insure full fields for all events and prevent cancellations and ticket refunds.
Why do flamingoes stand on one leg?
Missouri, with 117,000 farms, is a state of predominantly small farms.
''Demonstrator activity is believed to be directly proportional to ability to see the missile system,'' officials insisted.
They believe that this is the first time any country has entrenched such rights in a Constitution as opposed to conventional legislation.
The leading cause of death in Japan is cancer, followed by stroke and heart disease; heart disease is expected to move to No.
Alan C. Lerner, senior vice president at the Bankers Trust Company, predicted that the heavy supply of Treasury issues could only temporarily interrupt a decline in interest rates through the end of the year and into 1986.
''One type of test that was commonly dropped was a heat load test,'' said one Defense Department investigator, who asked not to be named.
And he gave full credit to Rawley for stopping the Mets just when it hurt the most.
A more common performance is that given by a brass trio in Fletcher, a town of 600 people in northwestern Vermont.
'I Am Very Clear' ''You will never see me going to help any countries,'' Mr. Vazquez Rana says.
The durable goods orders, he says, will show a rise in the capital sector - orders for goods that help make other goods.
But this September, sex education is back - in duplicate.
Volunteering in government can also be a useful way for high school and college students to test potential career choices.
It takes the load of arbitration pressure off us, for one thing.''
The Rockefeller Institute's own survey revealed that all food chains queried reported an average container return rate of 135 percent.
The financial system would look more like a zoo with the bars let down, with all of the attendant adverse consequences.
Thus Daniel Barenboim plays the Piano Sonata and in the Four Pieces for Clarinet and Piano and he joins Pinchas Zukerman for the Chamber Concerto; Margaret Price sings the ''Altenberg'' Songs and in the Symphonic Suite from ''Lulu,'' accompanied by Claudio Abbado; Herbert von Karajan and the Berlin Philharmonic play the Three Orchestral Pieces (Op.
They came back and did the same thing.''
He said the only thing he requested in return for informing was ''security for my family.''
''I have the initial idea and the final say, and if they have input, I've approved it,'' Mr. Castle said.
Turner Broadcasting, traded in the over-the-counter market, slid $2, to $22.
Each suggests something Egyptian or Assyrian.
Rasmussen Ineffective Dennis Rasmussen, who finished up, wasn't much relief.
The next few years were just as tumultuous.
Road Success The Nets still have won 12 of their last 17 games and 5 of their last 7 away from home.
They get an average of 1,394 pieces of mail a year, compared with the national average of 560.
Many of the complaints filed with the local grievance committees, he said, challenged legal fees or involved general dissatisfaction with the litigation, especially in criminal and family-law cases.
Kevin McHale, Larry Bird and Robert Parish, the starting front line, produced 63 points, while Scott Wedman led the devastating perimeter shooting with 26 points, tying McHale for scoring honors.
My own breakfast menu is designed with ease of preparation in mind; much of it can be done 24 hours in advance, in between 11th-hour gift wrapping and, in some cases, buying.
Speaking against the recent turn to no-need scholarships, Richard W. Haines, director of admissions at Lafayette College, charged in an address to a national conference on higher education that the trend is ''immoral and irresponsible.''
But is that fair competition?
It's no fun chasing the ball.
The first programs are expected to be broadcast six months after that.
But it is going to be a long time before we see that, especially in view of the difficulties in finding reliable source material.
Vic Tanny, a body builder and health club pioneer, died Tuesday after suffering a stroke several months ago.
''If all things went well in the next few months, and someone brought it up in Dallas at the All-Star Game in February, then it's possible,'' Stern said today as the league's annual meetings ended.
Clearly, we are not doing enough to reach out to these troubled youngsters.
But he's a little severe - we had to restrain him.''
Mookie Wilson delivered two singles and a triple, and now has 16 hits in 35 times at bat in eight starts since coming back team from the disabled list.
The judge, evidently alluding to news reports that the man in the Netherlands might be Oral Celik, a friend of Mr. Agca who is sought in connection with the papal plot, said the Turk ''may be one of four defendants still at large.''
D ESPITE the scope of his indictment, Mr. Nielsen still feels foundations can be induced to have both ''a sense of mission'' and ''the intellectual vigor to take initiatives.''
''Because we play in this heat, we were always conscious of our weight, keeping it down so that in the fourth quarter we wouldn't come apart,'' Betters said.
Explosions also were reported in the Andean cities of Huancayo and Cerro de Pasco, located in an area where a military emergency has been declared because of guerrilla violence, the police said.
He was a poet who insisted upon the nature and value of a tradition, and yet he had no real predecessors or successors.
What distinguishes Mr. Mead is first of all his thoroughness (he has interviewed surviving witnesses as well as drawing on a wide range of written evidence) and secondly his good sense.
Russell needed to go to triple-A for a while, too.
When municipal building projects are carried out in the Old City on property owned by the Moslem Waqf, the charitable organization that controls much of the property in the Moslem quarter, the Waqf is given a virtual veto over the plans.
There was a time when Beaujolais shippers could charge almost what they wanted.
The truth was right in front of my nose all the time.''
The backgrounds and police routines are meticulously depicted, and if the speech of New York's finest tends to be gamy, well, that is the way they talk.
Cornell University's most recent alumni magazine listed among ''lost'' Class of 1969 members ''Richard Burt (in Washington, D.C., somewhere).''
''We're a creative bunch,'' said Mindy Dodson, a senior who is in charge of the communications committee.
A second book, ''Introduction to the Dance'' came out in 1939, followed by ''The Dance,'' in 1945; ''World Book of Modern Ballet,'' 1952; ''John Martin's Book of the Dance,'' 1962, and a biography of Ruth Page in 1978.
''I thought I would help my people get all the luxuries that other black townships enjoy.
Conversations with two dozen men and women, many of them celebrities, about their problems with alcoholism.
A hardy little spacecraft, the International Cometary Explorer, flew unscathed through the tail of a distant comet today in mankind's first close encounter with one of these dazzling, enigmatic wanderers of the solar system.
Mr. Sculley, hired from Pepsico Inc. to head Apple in 1983, said he and Mr. Jobs had different philosophies about running the company.
He was not asked to enter a plea at the hearing, which lasted only a few minutes, and his case was adjourned until Nov. 6.
He said he and two partners were then exploring an oil venture with the Indian Ocean island nation off the east coast of Africa.
They travel into Manhattan or go back to one of their employers' houses.
MAURICE E. SHILS, M.D., SC.D.
''Nova,'' to its great credit, doesn't present the new evidence as gospel; it exhibits cautious reasonableness throughout.
RichardTom Hanks CooperDabney Coleman MaddyLori Singer RossCharles Durning PaulaCarrie Fisher BrownEd Herrmann MorrisJim Belushi VirdonIrving Metzman ReeseTom Noonan CarsonGerrit Graham StempleDavid L. Lander HulseRitch Brinkley EdgarFrank Hamilton NatalieDortha Duckworth
The judge reserved a decision on a defense motion to dismiss the indictment because of what the defense called ''unrelenting publicity.''
Licensed trappers keep overpopulation of nuisance wildlife at healthy levels.
It will show the ferry routes that have been proposed for crossing the Hudson and East Rivers.
Americans are divided on Bitburg, with the same number supporting and opposing President Reagan's visit to the German war cemetery, a New York Times/CBS News Poll shows.
But Mrs. Gorbachev, whose husband, Mikhail S. Gorbachev, is at the age of 54 the Politburo's youngest member, remained on the sidelines.
The corporations included The Monetary Group Ltd., Treasury Management Ltd., Camage Ltd. and Monetary Group Government Securities Inc. ''Between 1979 and 1983,'' the charges said, ''Markowitz, in conspiracy with others, created and marketed more than $445 million in false and fraudulent Federal income tax deductions through sham, nonexistent and prearranged transactions in United States Government securities and precious metals forward contracts.''
The principal candidates will be Mayor Bell and Mayor Block.
Knight said Giomi was told that if he chose to continue attending school on his own, ''very specific conditions would be placed on his academic performance in classes if he were to be a member of the basketball team.''
Robert D. Kilpatrick, chief executive of the Cigna Corporation and chairman of the Business Roundtable's budget task force, said in a statement that Congress should consider cutting the real growth in military spending to 3 percent, rather than the 8 percent proposed in the budget, or freezing the Defense Department's budget authority.
The college is at 2039 Kennedy Boulevard.
Despite the downward pressure that bumper crops put on prices, farmers and their bankers generally maintain they are considerably better off with good crops than with poor ones.
This was a day when the fans chanted for the guests of honor to return to the court for a curtain call like entertainers returning to the stage.
A recent study on the security of American embassies overseas had drawn attention to the problem posed by the employment of Russians in the embassy in Moscow.
''We want a national tax reform along the lines of what we have achieved here in New York State.
The opera is mounted on a stage appearing to be little bigger than a postage stamp and is performed before an audience in a theater that is evidently small by normal opera-house standards.
Suspects who are innocent of crime should.
We'll rehearse the play in a studio (as with Fellini or Altman), then film it, rehearse again, and then do it as a play.
On Saturday night the police reinforced security at the National Assembly, where deputies were meeting in a late-night session to debate legislation.
Foremost perhaps is privacy, a place where management shields them from disturbances and eavesdroppers.
Reginald Turnbull and Ernest Asser opened their shop in 1885 as hunting wear outfitters, specializing in the hunting shirt with attached stock.
The bookstores are full of popular, one-volume courses to improve your self-assertion, your sexual performance, your financial investments, your control over your dog.
The wreckage was spotted from a search plane this morning about 10,500 feet up the mountain, the officials said.
With the magazine's deep pocket, Hoard's farm does not face the same prospects as many dairy farmers.
Other first performances next season will be of works by Lou Harrison, Meyer Kupferman and Anthony Korf.
Occasionally one hears the crowing of a rooster.
''And, most importantly, it is the job that university presses were intended to do.''
A few teams have five players, with one fixed partnership and one player alternating with two partners.
The designers came up with a 14-foot-long Scandinavian pine table with drawers that now stands in the center of the high-ceilinged space.
Kidsport has been the airport's most complimented facility since it opened almost two years ago.
Some of the orchestra's present-day leaders agree with that assessment and have set out to use their organization's considerable influence to make fundamental changes in the cultural life of the city.
''We do have some safety problems,'' Mr. Mineta told a meeting of the Air Traffic Control Association.
Prices for foreign and domestic crudes were down from $1 to nearly $4 from a year ago.
Sold to Andrew Crispo In 1981, Mrs. Lindt sold ''The Muse'' for $800,000 to the art dealer Andrew Crispo.
Phibro-Salomon will cut 600 jobs from its Philipp Brothers commodities trading unit and will install new management in a move that further reduces the importance of the commodiites arm of the big firm.
''Wetherby'' won the Golden Bear at this year's Berlin Film Festival.
Instead, after the Wolverines won, 27-17, they accepted the Fiesta Bowl offer to meet Nebraska on New Year's Day at Tempe, Ariz. Michigan will earn $1.1 million, about half of what it would have made from the Cotton Bowl, and must share that revenue with the nine other teams in the Big Ten.
Fifteen people were treated for apparent food poisoning in a suburban hospital, and a restaurant where they had bought food has been closed by the owner, the authorities said.
It is impossible to name another region in this country with so massive and virtually unbroken a display of literary genius - the phrase genius loci might have been invented for the American South - or whose writing has passed through so marked, even dramatic, a series of phases.
He postponed the case several days so the defendant could find another lawyer.
On the evidence of the performance attended last weekend, the present production is fluidly and sharply staged, coming off as neither didactic nor pedantic.
The main focus is therefore on a wide range of acrobatics, high-wire balancing routines, the trapeze and juggling.
A financially troubled casino in Atlantic City is seeking protection from its creditors in the Federal bankruptcy court.
Now, the younger McRae is determined to make a name for himself.
Under that law, the Government offered full amnesty to all rebels and political exiles.
Could this be why the art and architectural communities have been relatively silent on this one - that in today's climate the Guggenheim addition is seen as a friendly intruder and not an alien one?
Indeed, the evidence suggests that most slaves grew up in two-parent families reinforced by ties to large extended families.
''The market is very nervous, very skittish,'' said Philip Braverman, an economist for Briggs, Schaedle & Company.
Others, however, say that the economy will rebound without addtional stimulus from the Fed.
''It's overwhelmingly bearish,'' said Mario Battello, an oilseed analyst in New York with Merrill Lynch Futures.
Striking teachers, who argue that the Education Reform Act promised to pay them more, say that is inadequate.
Camp David got about equally high ratings from liberals and conservatives and from men and women.
As a juvenile, he is taken to a Residential Assessment Center by Harry (Eric Richard), his social worker, who knows that Trevor is unusually intelligent.
It is colloquial and punchy, although it has its predictable lapses into cliche.
But market rents are not high enough to justify new commercial construction, though it is permissible under the area's manufacturing zone, M-1-6.
To wash clothes, Mrs. Sugimoto must first fill up her non-automatic washing machine with water, drain the water after the wash cycle, add more water for the rinse cycle and drain the water again.
The spokesman said Dr. Sencer would issue a statement today.
The conflicting accounts of the hijackers' whereabouts began when President Mubarak asserted Thursday morning that the hijackers were in the hands of the P.L.O.
Her father is an oral surgeon in Bellevue.
One of his prettiest outfits combines the pale colors he is so fond of: a pale green linen shirt is worn over a blue silk bra and mauve linen culottes.
He added, however, that his patio patriotism readings are high enough to cause him to worry that Americans might favor doing something rash.
The void this leaves in a pupil's understanding of a key subject is often difficult to fill later on.
Others divorce because, over the years, their love is eroded by one frustration and disappointment after another.
Mary Lou Retton became the first female gymnast to win three American Cup all-around titles, needing only two events today to establish her superiority over a field of mostly unproven international challengers.
You're ruling out a deal on testing or development?
Tuesday Sports is on page A12.
My mother always told me to be more like him.
These ladders must lean up against a solid surface before being climbed.
That Corley is doing his best to hold down a pair of jobs is beyond dispute, but the notion that he is merely another working stiff needs some rectifying.
The store happily accommodates special requests, she added.
A spokesman said the mission planned to hold a private reception for about 60 Fijians who live in the New York area.
Mr. Bennett says the Department of Education, which is drafting regulations to carry out last year's renewal of the Bilingual Education Act of 1968, will use these regulations as a vehicle for putting the new ideas into effect.
And by last week, Mr. Dole and other Republicans acknowledged that the military budget could not be frozen.
One senior White House aide said it would be ''a naturalization ceremony.''
En route back from Chicago today, he approved the specifics of it.
He's leading the company in a new direction.''
The candidate of the governing party is Rodolfo Felix Valdez, a 63-year-old engineer and public servant who has the amiable air of a kindly grandfather but a wooden public speaking style that quickly makes his audiences restless.
*Bring four quarts salted water to the boil for the pasta in a large stock pot.
''We are going to continue the movement for divestment, but the demonstration will be over on Thursday,'' said Laird Townsend, one of 10 members of a student steering committee that has directed the protest.
Graduates have become lawyers, teachers, engineers, accountants, legislators, public administrators and judges.
The partnership would better solve pollution problems ''in which sources of pollution are frequently so diverse and the solutions are often site-specific,'' according to the E.P.A.
Other thriving tribes in the state include the Schaghticoke, Paucatuck, Mohegan and Golden Hill Paugussett.
Turner is not playing Lochinvar in this drama.
This is the time a perfect size nine feels like the fat kid at the party, a silk ascot like the garrote.
* Set the dish in a pan and add boiling water to come halfway up the sides of the baking dish.
In 1980, it settled in a playhouse at San Juan Bautista, near Monterey.
Other influences on health care of the elderly, such as an increasing supply of physicians and competition among health-care systems, also will be studied.
The first, adopted by the Bolshevik party in 1903, called for the overthrow of the czarist regime and a dictatorship of the proletariat.
Rising from a desk with a typewriter on it, Miss Jens begins with three late poems that look death in the eye, but also yield a terrific passion for life.
The Government said today that it would pay an American businessman for land it seized for construction in July 1983 of a United States- funded military base used to train troops from El Salvador.
No one was injured, but the incident and new bombing threats at public schools indicated that the Government had so far failed to halt the surge in violence that began nearly a month ago.
The Rangers were down by 4-0 after two periods tonight and by 5-0 before they scored.
Characters and actors are compatible company.
Much of its financing came from Federal and state grants to provide education and meals to black children from poor families.
*3*** COMPANY REPORTS ** View Full Article in Timesmachine »
Japan's many critics in Congress have made clear their unhappiness with the tight lid on Japanese defense spending, which they translate as a limit on American weapons sales and thus a burden on the trade deficit.
*Heat the remaining tablespoon of butter in a saucepan and add the remaining 3/4 cup chopped onions, the remaining garlic and the curry powder.
Mrs. Hoffman expressed surprise at the decision.
Among other things, we never really understand why he chooses to destroy both the business he loves and his eldest son with the quixotic gesture that serves as Mr. Wilson's confusingly arranged climax.
The performance of the Shakespeare comedy in Wayne will take place at the Y.M.-Y.W.H.A., 1 Pike Drive, at 7:30 P.M. Tickets are $16.
Bad enough that the team might someday be unable to set foot on the same field as Boston College and Army, but, worse than that, the Ivies' prestige would give them a recruiting edge - and consequently stronger programs - as the lure of a Holy Cross scholarship vanished.
If approved, each outstanding share of American Hospital Supply's common would be converted into one share of the holding company's stock and American would become an operating subsidiary.
Through it, four layers of earth, containing the remnants of four distinct eras, are clearly visible.
Musical events include a concert by the Aaron Copland Music and Arts Program Orchestra saluting its namesake at 7:30 P.M. Tuesday at the Kensico Dam Plaza in Valhalla.
Yogi Berra was in Bobby Murcer's office at Yankee Stadium when he talked to Billy Martin on the phone early yesterday afternoon.
He ran five times for 59 yards, more yards than any other player except Wendell Tyler, who ran 13 times for 65 yards.
Oerter still competes successfully on the national level.
Members on both sides of the aisle repeatedly called for a reintroduction of Senator Garn's bill from last year, which passed the Senate by an 89-to- 5 vote.
His seemed the classic case.
And that's low for the industry.
VINCENT M. VALENTI of Valhalla, by self-proclaimation ''one of the exemplary pasta eaters in the world,'' has found a way to satisfy his doctor's demands that he shed some pounds: not by jogging around a track but by running for office.
Edwin L. Dale, Mr. Stockman's spokesman, remarked, ''He's alive, kicking and full of beans.''
Fortunately, Leslie Carothers, in the principal role, was equal to them all.
''She suggested we meet the Folksbiene people, who had decided to produce 'Broome Street' in Yiddish.
He plans to get married and is not sure where he will be in two years.
I demanded, charging into the office of John Sargent, Doubleday's vice president.
They seem to stem from the political psychology of the White House.
THE irradiators, however, harbor some grandiose dreams.
He demanded that the Games be divided equally between the two Koreas and be renamed the all-Korean Olympics or the ''Pyongyang-Seoul Olympics.''
It is difficult to point to any top officer in Hutton other than Morley who had the responsibility to see that there were no improper practices in connection with earning interest through overdrafts.
singling out aspartame because there is no scientific evidence suggesting that it need be.''
Short on rhetoric, it contains valuable clues for those who want to know who the Sandinistas are and how they came to power.
It includes a school, forge, store, water-powered sawmill, tavern and wharf.
Brown, an economist at the Morgan Guaranty Trust Company.
In order to assess the mood of the apparatchik, it is necessary to draw attention to one very important feature of the Soviet system that is often neglected by Sovietologists.
The Administration has said it would conduct the research program so as not to violate the treaty.
vehicles may not pass a traffic signal more than three seconds after it has turned red .
Rain also fell in South Africa, relieving drought-like conditions that had already damaged the corn crop there, he added.
The conductor, Simon Rattle, will be making his New York debut.
Since the league was organized three years ago as a rival to the National Football League, the job has been filled only by Simmons, the former president of NBC Sports who led the U.S.F.L.
Even as some members of the commercial theater establishment pledged their hearts and purses to worthy theatrical endeavors, they had to face the fact that, for much of the season, the only ''new'' Broadway show to cause a public stampede was Yul Brynner in ''The King and I.''
If that fails, the system, in conjunction with Saudi Arabia's Air Force and missile system, will ideally stave off any major air attack for about 10 days until outside help, presumably from the United States, arrives.
''No electricity,'' read a sign at a motel in Bay Shore.
Boeing also is weak enough in two key areas - electronics and space - that it was willing to bid nearly $5 billion to acquire the Hughes Aircraft Company, a bid it lost to the General Motors Corporation.
Erich M. Odenheim, whose daughter Carla is a complainant and who attended the hearing, voiced concern over what he called a presumption of guilt.
Dr. Rubinstein said that he protected himself from ''burnout'' by delegating many emotional chores to his social workers.
Pasta Nostra, 116 Washington Street, South Norwalk (854-9700), sings of freshness and simplicity.
Under the provision, the company would give holders of each share of common stock the right to buy one- fifth of a share of common at an exercise price of $60 per full share.
On April 18, Sotheby's will host a private viewing of the collection at a $1,000-a-plate dinner-dance to benefit the American Hospital of Paris, which was one of Mrs. Gould's favorite charities.
March 18 - The Federal Environmental Protection Agency will hold a public hearing on the burning at sea of timber debris from New York Harbor.
Like the expensive one in which James Dean crashed on a California highway, this one ends up totaled, but not before it becomes a dream machine and a moving target.
There is also less distinction between heroes and villains, and more violent acts are committed by people with psychological problems.
Of course the Americans' private persona has changed tremendously, during the three decades of my acquaintance.
The all-lame, all-halt and all-otherwise-indisposed, taken from a computerized ballot of 96 players listed for the consideration of fans who will elect starting teams to the National Basketball Association's All-Star Game: Bill Cartwright, Knicks - Out indefinitely with a broken bone in his right foot.
Danny, 20 months, has not been on television yet but will be ''as soon as he asks,'' Mrs. Vivino said.
Literature can provide us with revelation, or its mirror opposite, escape; it can give us both at once.
39) was the only work that could have been considered familiar; the remainder of the concert was devoted to some contemporary music from Miss Forrester's native Canada.
This will eventually provide the city with more than $1 million a year, he said.
The bishops' conference continues to address such matters through its Committee on Doctrine and other bodies.
He said he could not comment on the overall financial strength of the institutions because ''up to this point, we have not been involved.''
It was sixth on the library's popularity list of items for the blind, trailing The Ladies Home Journal, Braille Mirror, The New York Times Large Type Weekly, Better Homes and Gardens and the Braille Variety News.
FRANK W. BRECHER New York
And for many politicians who cannot forget that he defected from the ranks of the pro-military party only a year ago, he is still viewed as the representative of the conservative interests that ruled the country since 1964.
He said the committee found that the organization ''had not always kept pace with the necessary management techniques'' but, over all, was using its donations wisely and well, moving food as quickly as possible from ports to inland feeding stations.
The Public Service Company of Indiana said in an amended petition for a rate increase that it must have adequate revenues to provide proper service, even if amortization of its Marble Hill nuclear power plant was not allowed.
In several recent games, the response to 5 ... P-QR4 has been 6 P-KN3, but Korchnoi's 6 B-N5 may give better chances to obtain the initiative.
''After 10 years of being Mayor and all the ups and downs, I think it's wise for me to recognize the need to move to something new that I'm enthused and excited about.''
Mrs. Evans said that the authority had been able to increase its repairs since January and that it had 1,300 working radios available for its 3,600 buses.
Contrasts Around Johannesburg While 500 young black activists buried three people they said were victims of recent unrest in Soweto, Johannesburg's sprawling black satellite, on Saturday, 50,000 blacks cheered and roared at a soccer match in Johannesburg itself.
Bouguereau often used thistles as an accent in his painting; actually this drawing rises above a concern with careful rendering to achieve a graphic intensity that evokes D"urer.
More than a century ago, Chinese miners poled their way upstream from the Malacca Strait to this mostly uninhabited, mountain-fringed valley to dig at the magic spots chosen by legendary black-clad Malay diviners.
He remembered a stretch in 1974, when he played for the White Sox, when he was hitless in 34 times at bat.
Pyramid said that Edward Dolinar, its current president, would become chairman.
A Financial Corporation spokesman, Layna Browdy, confirmed that the offer had been received and was being reviewed.
''I don't think the high dollar is one of the biggest.''
Eligibility Date at Issue The 1982 eligibility date, he said, would be ''unfair to those persons who have respected the legal immigration system'' and ''would serve to attract even more illegal migrants.''
William Rusher, the publisher of National Review, choked on his own indignation.
''L'ADDITION,'' which usually translates as ''the bill,'' is the French title of ''The Patsy,'' a new French film with a most particular, cautionary message to deliver to the world: If, by chance, you're a young man in a supermarket and you see a pretty young woman shoplifting a large can of beluga caviar, under no circumstances go to her assistance.
They also noted that the decision ran counter to President Reagan's philosophy.
Madame de Sevigne visited here often, enjoying the thyme and marjoram-infused partridge, the breathless view, the nightingales, but complaining about the mistral and the ''poussiere insupportable,'' the unwelcome but inevitable dust that goes with construction and renovation.
THE WANDERERS, by Richard Price.
The first two were dunks (at the end of a fast break in which Sampson was the wing, and on a back-door reverse) and came on consecutive plays near the start of the period.
''Now what does all of this mean?''
INDEPENDENT WOMEN Work and Community for Single Women.
What a vigorous new performer, say the Kremlinologists.
And those still intrepid enough to make it to the theaters may find that the movie there isn't even truly devised for the wide screen.
The inspection program will be financed through fees from owners of the buildings.
Most deaths linked to the cheese have been among Hispanic mothers and their infants.
Why, for example, should it have taken 40 years after the invention of the talking picture to produce ''Sesame Street,'' the first truly creative audio-visual program to help young children learn?
Board spokesmen said no schools would be named today.
''The program is exactly the same as it was 109 years ago,'' said Miss Morgenthau.
Mr. Zerubavel gives an interesting account of two attempts to reshape the calendar drastically, one during the French Revolution and one under Stalin.
The industry has had a trying recent past.
What he is most afraid of is seeing Dennis cry.
A procession of prominent political and academic figures went before a legislative hearing here today with sharply conflicting views on whether Connecticut should ask Congress to call a Constitutional Convention to require a balanced Federal budget.
order, the local companies will send customers ''ballots'' between now and August 1986, asking them to pick a long-distance company.
How about being made honorary citizens of New Rochelle, because we had virtually established squatters' rights as a result of years of sitting along a New Rochelle wall?
''I find this one of the more alarming aspects of the economic scene.''
The Ulrics' son, David, 15 years old, plays one of the monks.
And, as Uncle Remus, Mr. Maloney was not simply a kindly sage, but a downtrodden worker, as well.
She was also known for her repertory of folk songs in 12 languages.
She cannot avoid the general trends - her suits have the obligatory high-cut thighs and low-slashed armholes - but the best seller since she has been in business is a classic maillot in a mat-finished fabric that stretches to fit almost any figure.
Cubs 4, Expos 2 CHICAGO (AP) - Rick Sutcliffe pitched a four-hitter and Jody Davis and Gary Matthews hit homers for Chicago's only hits.
At that time, a year after President Reagan announced the ''Star Wars'' idea, the conclusion was controversial.
Each fall he offers classes in cake decorating and candy making.
In ''Miracle at Moreaux,'' the Roman Catholic school run singlehandedly by Sister Gabriel is in a rural area of southern France, a haven for the pupils away from the dangers of the larger towns and cities.
Perhaps the show's creators did not anticipate that, 15 years later, a Broadway musical about the tearing down of a roller rink would turn up.
And most recently, in late November, Preterm had its first bomb threat.
Back to Scheveningen For this 43d game, Kasparov returned to the Scheveningen Variation Sicilian Defense, in which he is one of the world's leading authorities.
Someone in the family would be sure to discover it and make a rude comment.
Mr. Speakes said this included the six to 10 passengers the White House said were removed from the jetliner on Friday in Beirut and taken to undisclosed locations.
Disaster highlighting of this sort can be very useful.
with enough force to dislodge the cage from its underpinnings and slide with it into the backboards.''
Universal Pictures has turned in a spotty performance in recent years.
Mr. Wilkes, who is president of the Wilkes Company, a real-estate development concern in Washington, graduated from Georgetown Preparatory School, Amherst College and Washington College of Law at American University.
He is also candid about his unhappiness over not having been able to continue as director of the National Theater.
Education helps in the identification of the century, but naming the composer is more of a challenge.
The fragile white muslin covering will be replaced.
Soloists, among them Du Bih-tau, swirled across the stage trailing scarves.
President Gnassingbe Eyadema has reduced by a quarter the prison sentences of 1,026 common criminals to mark the 18th anniversary of his coming to power, which is Sunday, an official statement said today.
When our age does make its occasional, grudging decision to design for background instead of foreground, we seem mainly able to produce the crashing mediocrity of the white-brick Second Avenue apartment house.
1986 - The Wanaque South Pump Station and Aqueduct are scheduled for completion.
And if one unearthed treasure were not enough, the flip side of this recording contains the Violin Concerto in D-Minor, Op.
Tickets $60 at the door or $50 in advance from 212-427-1100.
The General Mills development plan also calls for accelerated expansion of ''proven'' specialty retailing concepts.
''When can we fire up the stoves?''
In total, it measures 10,000 square feet.
He was a member of the Appraisers Association of America and numerous national and regional historical societies.
He scrambles around, in and out of the pocket, buying time for his receivers.
The price is $14 at Nancy Marshall Ltd., 145 East 62d Street.
An editorial yesterday referred imprecisely to military pensions at ''half pay.''
A synod, the highest form of consultation in the church, is an advisory body, and its recommendations can be overruled by a Pope.
Waiters are slow and may pretend they understand English better than they do.
''We're sympathetic with the Circle Line incurring losses,'' he said, ''but I still feel they could supply at least two boats at a minimal loss.
Carrie Nye thinks of herself as an anarchist.
''When you mention gasoline to a firefighter, you're talking dynamite,'' he said.
Rates: double rooms $120, or $176 with breakfast and dinner.
''It is obviously moving,'' said Dr. Mark S. McClure of the Connecticut Agricultural Experiment Station in New Haven, who is the area's leading adelgid researcher.
A top Tunisian Foreign Ministry official said, ''I think it's a nice way to say he won't be admitted.''
He survived one jam by getting a called third strike on Rickey Henderson after Bobby Meacham led off the eighth with a single.
''Uitenhage is not simply a place; it is not only a symbol,'' the Rev.
Of course, some may feel that the victory wasn't proof that St. John's is of Top 20 caliber, but that Navy isn't.
But there were some magical evenings - and recordings.
''People are picking on me because of charges that have been completely disproved,'' Mr. Crimi said.
ANIMAL PAINTINGS An exhibition of the work of George Stubbs will open Wednesday at the Yale Center for British Art in New Haven.
Never again would we appease the aggressor.
TALL and powerfully built, Clay Taliaferro had one of the strongest physical presences in the Jose Limon Dance Company.
According to a witness, Mr. Reagan said: ''Well, Lee, at least we are leaving the agency to you in better shape than when we gave it to Bill.''
Previous Grace Investment Two years ago Grace made a 50 percent investment in the Warehouse Club, a wholesale warehouse that sells to businessmen and consumers, which was founded by Walter Teninga, former vice chairman of the K Mart Corporation.
In a letter with the donation, Shep, a sixth- grader at the St. Bernard School, wrote: ''I hope that our money will feed or clothe someone who needs food or clothing.
It's been around a long time - it has a good reputation.''
His manager, Dave Wolf, who would like him to retire, said that Mancini would probably take two months to decide.
Instead, Mr. Paley has the right under the offer to sell 21 percent of his shares to CBS at any time between 1988 and 1995 for $150 a share in cash.
The undulating contours from high to low and the irregularly shaped clusters of each planting give these borders an outstanding visual interest that goes beyond their basic beauty.
After Mr. Bluhdorn's death in 1983, control of the company passed to the current chairman, Martin S. Davis, who quickly began to sell off major assets in the portfolio.
''Geoff went out really hard and I thought it was suicidal.''
Mr. Reed claims that their language constituted a promise by the museum to mount an exhibition in the 1982-83 season, but the museum contends that it fell short of a commitment.
Dissenting Opinion In a dissenting opinion, three Supreme Court justices objected that it would have been ''ridiculous if not bordering on officiousness and impropriety'' to advise the military men about their right to remain silent, since ''they were all too eager to testify and make a strong effort to gain support from the fact-finding board and the public for the military version.''
Doyle Dane's four included one from Barcelona.
Tonight, he removed Bystrom in the fifth inning, after he had thrown 94 pitches.
School administrators, seeking to reverse a bar association recommendation to withdraw the law school's accreditation, appeared today before the association's top legal education council.
And then there are the Irvingites.
Now, you turn your paycheck over to your wife and two weeks into the month she is nagging you that it is all gone.
''Many more jobs, generally better jobs, have been created by private enterprise than have been destroyed by import competition.''
Did any other baseball players from Manhattan make it to the majors?
Flutie had met Sipe, the 35-year-old veteran, only 10 hours before.
A second report, by the agency's Office of Policy Planning and Evaluation, takes a somewhat neutral stance.
The offer came from Mario Vazquez Rana, owner of about 70 newspapers in Mexico, and Joe E. Russo, a Houston-based developer who agreed late today to become Mr. Vazquez Rana's minority partner.
''But their business is not a commodity, cyclically oriented operation, and they felt happier in their safer, more predictable business.
The stock closed yesterday at $24.75.
''Boston rotates three guys at center and power forward,'' Gminski said, referring to Robert Parish, Cedric Maxwell and Kevin McHale.
It's just that being one's own boss and an integral part of a familiar neighborhood is more important to them than money.
An easy chair adorned the central bay of the White Library, some 15 feet from the place in the shelves where I stumbled on the ''Study,'' and there I planted myself for the next two or three days to read Toynbee's three volumes through in one gulp.
A third plate, in blue on white and decorated with a scrawny eagle clutching arrows, wreathed in flowers and garbled lettering, was identified by the Mottahedehs as a 19th-century Chinese artisan's interpretation of the crest of New Mexico (up to $2,500).
''Oh, you should sing him a little more in the direction of Mozart and Beethoven rather than Brahms or Wolf, more classic than romantic, but .
On Aug. 22, the Federal District Court in Manhattan ruled that the city project should proceed.
These include L'Hotel on Basil Street, just a few feet from Harrods, where the owner, David Levin, has priced spacious rooms - one has a double bed, the others twin beds -and large bathrooms the same - $:70 until the end of December, $:80 beginning Jan. 1 - whether the rooms are occupied by one or two guests.
The new releases have helped maintain good trout habitats as far downstream as Calicoon in the Delaware, although, because it enters the main stream far downriver near Port Jervis, the Neversink's releases are essentially for its own viability.
In fact, most users in poor countries are international companies that can afford to pay.
This proposal would be phased in gradually.
The first clown-theater festival, held in June 1983, made a star of Avner Eisenberg, an American who had been touring Europe with considerable success and previously appeared with the Flying Karamazov Brothers but who had never had a one-man show in the United States.
The Amtrak Zephyr en route to Denver from California derailed in a canyon on the western side of the Continental Divide tonight, injuring at least 26 people, six seriously, the authorities said.
''After the Olympics, I wanted to get excited.
Article 22 of the Housing Maintenance Code requires owners of buildings with nine or more units to provide janitorial services by someone who lives either in the building or within a block or 200 feet.
''Things are much better now,'' said Anisa Khatun, holding the hand of her 10-year-old son at a medical clinic.
The pledge, however, remained vague.
The hearing, which focused on the Mengele search, was called by a Senate subcommittee on juvenile justice.
Daniel O. Graham, a retired lieutenant general who used to be head of Air Force intelligence, said yesterday: ''The Soviets can destroy a lot of important satellites and we have to counter that.
Box 831, San Rafael, Calif. 94915; 415-459-6220.
The Big Shove is a tactic by bureaucrats trying to block the appointment of someone they do not like.
Trailing, 102-100, the 76ers had a chance in the final seconds for a fast break that might have forced the fifth game into overtime, but Julius Erving collided with Andrew Toney.
*3*** COMPANY REPORTS ** View Full Article in Timesmachine »
Gross said, adding that Geers ''will gain a foothold in continental Europe,'' while Eurocom ''will have an introduction to potential clients'' in the United States and Britain.
The decline in recent weeks has largely been fueled, analysts said, by a perception that interest rates will continue heading lower.
Lerone Bennett Jr., an author who is a member of the library's board, said: ''What we're dealing with here is a generation of neglect, political indifference and political interference.''
Meanwhile, we are given the most encyclopedic, if not always the most illuminating, history of Southern black writing yet compiled - from slave narratives through the superbly devious tales by Charles W. Chesnutt (1858-1932) and on through Jean Toom-er, Richard Wright and Alice Walker.
THE first half of the Academy of Ancient Music's New York debut Sunday had to come as a slight disappointment to the orchestra's many local admirers.
Another curious quirk of the program is that it does not accept Lotus 1-2-3 worksheet files.
Just as a first-time traveler to Europe feels obligated to make stops in Paris and Rome, the skier looking for the real thing on a first trip to the West inevitably heads for Vail or Aspen.
He is mistaken, and therein lies the tale.
The movie was shot in Guadalix de la Sierra, and was one of the first in Spain to be filmed on location.
I know nothing about her.
The game films will show it.
A Pittsburgh newspaper and radio station initiated the promotion, telling fans that their presence at Three Rivers would serve as an indication of how much they wanted the Pirates to remain in the city.
In two years, Henry A. Grunwald, its almost legendary editor in chief, will retire.
The buyer was Bofors, an arms manufacturer controlled by Erik Penser, a Swede who moved to Britain for tax reasons after accumulating a sizable fortune from trading stock here.
The two sides are to meet again Monday.
Mayotte, acknowledged that he was ''a little flat'' and nervous at the start of the match ''and a guy like Sadri doesn't let you back into a match after a break.
PASSED Increasing welfare benefits by 4.3 percent.
As with other such raids, this one prompted a chorus of international criticism that included a United States plea for an immediate withdrawal.
It would be called ''The Borgias.''
Let brown 15 minutes; turn over and brown 15 minutes more.
It is the same at 38th Street, between Second and Third Avenues, and other areas adjacent to the incoming lanes of the Queens-Midtown Tunnel.
She got 9,529 votes to 7,024 for the Republican, Paul J. Aniboli, a lawyer.
It closed at 1,242.05 after its worst one-day loss in more than five months.
Mr. Jackson said Peekskill's reservoirs were located outside Westchester County - in Putnam County -and ''do not in any way affect the level of water in the New York City reservoir system.''
A.H. Robins set aside $615 million to pay claims on its Dalkon Shield .
Should a government restrict all members of a subgroup because statistics can be developed showing that the incidence of a problem is greater proportionately within the subgroup than within the total population?
Open Thursday through Sunday from 4 until 10 P.M. Information Brochures that list hotels, motels, restaurants, attractions, antiques dealers and so on can be obtained by mail from the Berkshires Visitors Bureau, Berkshire Common, Pittsfield, Mass.
Mr. Upton had pledged $257 million to revive the jet.
We blacks have to get it together -get off welfare, get an education, wear the white shirt, play the game.
The Cubs took a 2-0 lead against Jose DeLeon (2-10) in the third.
Their behavior can be bizarre and often unpredictable, particularly in the early days of the defection.
Mr. LePage was born in London and was a graduate of the Imperial College of Science and Technology in London.
''There is the perception that the public is paying for it.''
Mathison likes to scramble, and quarterbacks who have either thrown quickly, or run away, have been successful against the Jets this year.
The movement stresses bobs and bounces, with the dancers apt to squat and sprint or walk on half toe.
So far, the Reagan Administration has insisted that it would not do that because it would be seen as giving in to the hijackers' demands.
The creams and lotions all had one thing in common: They promised youth to those who used them daily.
PETRIFIED WOOD AT YALE The Peabody Museum of Natural History at Yale has two small slabs of petrified wood in its current Curator's Choice exhibit, on view through September 30.
The real danger, in his view, is the resulting change in the balance-sheet structure of corporations, causing a deterioration of their debt-equity ratios.
Women's Amateur Cup - Michelob Ladies, Dallas.
Sheik Otaiba burst out of the meeting visibly angered, and asserted as he left the Inter-Continental Hotel, surrounded by bodyguards, that Mr. David-West ''is stabbing OPEC in the back.''
A reporter for the Israeli Army radio described the streets of Hebron as being virtually deserted shortly after the attack.
And now three Republicans and three Democrats advance a scheme that snatches two revenue-raising ideas from tax reform plans.
A radio astronomer with impeccable credentials, Dr. Drake was the first to conduct a systematic search.
It provides unlimited travel throughout the entire rail network.
''Anno's Hat Tricks,'' written by a Japanese mathematics professor and illustrated by the world-renowned artist Mitsumasa Anno, opens with the two puzzles just described.
Another award went to the interior designer Angelo Donghia, who died last April.
''Part of the conglomerate strategy in the 60's was to build an imposing empire,'' Mr. Forstmann said.
In the process, the dance uses every inch of stage space, most notably in a solo for Mr. Clinton that makes very interesting use of the floor.
Yearly sales were up 9.5 percent, to $2.18 billion, from $1.99 billion in 1983.
Not one of the 50 economists who file their forecasts with the Blue Chip Economic Indicators newsletter sees a recession this year.
Spain's Deputy Prime Minister said today that his Government was unaware of American contingency plans to place nuclear weapons in Spain and that the deployment would never be allowed.
The ambivalence of the Greens toward terrorism was underscored by Lukas Beckmann, one of the party's three leaders, who said: ''We will not allow ourselves to be dragged into the R.A.F.
The funds that climbed the most were those that invested in bonds and the common stock of electric utilities, regional Bell Telephone operating companies and other businesses that benefited from a decline in interest rates.
The recession and debt crisis battered lucrative markets, and Japanese competitors snapped up those orders that were placed.
Construction and population shifts are transforming many once rural, small-town landscapes in a process that has occurred in successive waves since World War II.
Didn't we just finish with that number?
Third-highest bid went to the $2 Trans-Mississippi plate block that was expected by this reporter to take down the top price in the auction.
We'll come back from New York Thursday and there will be 5,000.''
ROY A. SCHOTLAND Professor of Law Georgtown University Law Center Washington, Nov. 22, 1985
The draft press release, Solomon said, was so frank in revealing what really happened between Glucksman and Peterson that it would harm Lehman.
Television wasn't a universal commodity in '48 and accessibility to what has remained my favorite sport was limited to sneaking into Columbia's Baker Field on Saturdays - a sometimes success - listening to Buddy Young run up yardage for the University of Illinois on radio, or peering through the autumnal dusk at Fieldston's efforts on Friday afternoons.
We admit a lot of homeless people who need care, but when we go to discharge them, where do we send them?''
The American exporter usually is reluctant to accept such a promise from a foreign bank, so typically a United States bank ''confirms'' the letter of credit, guaranteeing payment.
Anybody who wants to restructure it more is an idiot.''
In its third season, the U.S.F.L.
''They know their economic policies don't work, and they know who is repressing them,'' he said.
''Sooner or later,'' it said, ''the Luanda Government will have to realize that they cannot continue playing host to tens of thousands of foreign forces and to terrorist groups such as the A.N.C.
''Is he receiving the same degree?''
A contingent went to Washington last autumn to attend the ceremony at the Vietnam Veterans Memorial.
Local Differences Curtailed There is now a different set of prevailing physician charges in each of 243 localities.
Captives' Sympathy Said to Vary ''Some people were made more sympathetic by the Shiites telling us how the Israelis had taken the 700 prisoners illegally across the border into Israel,'' said Blake Synnestvedt, a 24-year-old resident of Bryn Athyn, Pa., who had been on his honeymoon.
Cambodian and Mozambican rebel movements were also invited to attend the meeting, but were unable to do so.
The White House took a dim view of extending Federal aid to the Farm Credit System, and two officials of the system said the severity of the lenders' mounting losses had been exaggerated.
In effect, the theory states that, if a mentally ill individual were not ''lazy'' or ''slothful'' or ''manipulative,'' there would be no problem.
NEW YORK STATE'S Department of Environmental Conservation has dragged its heels in acquiring forest preserve lands within the 9,000- square-mile Adirondack Park, according to a report issued by The Adirondack Council a few days ago.
A day after the former Syracuse star Tony (Red) Bruin's arrest for possession and sale of cocaine, the school announced that it would begin mandatory drug testing for all its athletes during the fall semester of 1986. .
I believe in building American strength and, in measured ways, of using American power - not force, power - in pursuit of our interests.
The man and one of the women are in a lover's embrace, fondling each other in a way that leaves nothing to the imagination.
'Strictest Safety Standards' Choosing a site, and building and operating such a facility could be ''based on available technologies,'' declared Ben C. Rusche, director of the department's Office of Civilian Radioactive Waste Management.
The Royals learned later that several of their starting players had been using cocaine regularly.
And later this month, checking account privileges will be added to the money market mutual fund.
If the Giants are truly progressing, they need to win the Eastern Division this year, not merely be consoled with another wild-card berth.
One European expert said the case did not differ that much from past cases of harassment by both sides.
Eventually I thrust the first draft on various cinematically talented friends - a producer, a film critic, a playwright, a mystery fan - none of whom agreed on where the trouble was, or if there were trouble, apart from the ending, which has always given everyone but me trouble, and no one can explain to me why.
''My own response is likely to be an adaptation to my son's growing up and to his sense of maturity,'' said Michael W. Stamm, a Manhattan lawyer.
The three still held are Lebanese Jews.
The war was bad, but the people who fought it were good.''
He would not, Mr. Cuomo replied.
Despite his reputation for honesty, he suffered from charges that he had allowed the escape of a left-wing terrorist suspect by telling his father that the arrest was imminent.
Underwater tests indicated, he said, that astronauts quickly adapted themselves to the lack of firm footholds in a weightless environment.
But it doesn't bother me.''
Mr. Skinner said the generator was powering the three large computers in the building and keeping the computer room air-conditioned.
LETITIA BALDRIGE remembers them well.
c-After tax credits of $274,300, or 7 cents a share, for the quarter and $436,100, or 11 cents a share, for the 6 months.
Early in the afternoon, we came down out of the hills and repaired to a coffee and doughnut shop in Ludlow to plan our strategy for the remaining three hours of daylight.
What she was suffering from is not uncommon.
Here Lisa Phillips shows the current revival of artist- and architect-designed objects by arranging a final series of chairs beginning with the most traditional - a ladder-back chair designed by the architect Steven Holl - and ending with a pair of granite chairs by the sculptor Scott Burton.
June sales of new homes fell slightly, by 0.1 percent, as a plunge in activity in the Northeast overshadowed a gain in the South.
Much of it comes from wholesalers.
Top-Secret Security Clearance The F.B.I.
''Who it may be, we don't know yet, but we're not ruling out anything at this point.''
The Larchmont Soccer League provides Saturday sport for nearly 1,000 youngsters age 7 to 13 as well as more than 100 parents who serve as coaches.
In a department store one gets dusted off before stepping onto an escalator.
Unlike its rivals, which charge a premium for portability, the 2000 costs less than most comparable desktop computer systems.
And the third, resulting to some extent from the first two, is the Flannery convention.
On the recent restrictions of civil freedoms in Nicaragua, Mr. Reagan said, ''Not only have civil liberties been crushed, but we are seeing an increased Cuban military involvement in Nicaragua.''
No forks are allowed, she said, and tobacco is banned in the feast hall.
Nor do Professor Cohen's arcane calculations of nuclear risks solve the many serious safety problems plaguing the nuclear industry.
''If it broke out of central Jamaica there'd be no stopping it.
Buddy hasn't been that bad.
This will guarantee a significant decrease in the number of allegations of medical malpractice and lead to reduction of insurance premiums.
At least 500,000 of the 2.5 million to 3.5 million Egyptians who have migrated to the Persian Gulf and other Middle Eastern lands are likely to be sent home within the next year, and 2 million within the next five years, according to Professor Ibrahim.
and McDonnell Douglas, the aircraft manufacturer, were already at work.
''Spanking starts in infancy and continues for roughly half of all American children until they leave home,'' Dr. Straus said.
And yet each choreographer has also created different images, some in minor scenes, that make for significant differences in the dramatic action.
Miss Getsova, herself an important early Zionist, never got over the shock, the author said in a recent interview.
There is also the possibility that the land-lease rental income now projected by Battery Park City will be reduced by market competition or other unforeseen difficulties.
But Miss Siafaca now forecasts slower growth even for the ''high-tech'' end of the industry, which is generally considered the most promising.
The purpose, he said, was not to alter their stories but to give them focus and appropriate grammatical structure.
The Kunsthalle (Art Gallery), has Germany's best and largest collection of paintings by Lovis Corinth.
In court this week, James W. Miller, a former F.B.I.
Other Substances Are Studied Several groups of natural biological substances have become known in recent years that seem to have potential against cancers and other diseases.
Moynihan Wants a Change Many commercial and most private communications, however, are not handled on secure lines or encoded.
Somebody just showed me a headline that said ''President Shifts to an MX Force of 50 for Now.''
He may be forced to settle in for a goodly period.
The Republic National Bank in New York said gold bullion was bid at $314.50 a troy ounce as of 4 P.M., unchanged from the late bid Thursday and down $4.50 from the end of the previous week.
Mr. Sinopoli's Schumann is another matter.
It was a time for smiles and tears, greetings and farewells when the remaining Fresh Air Fund youngsters returned home to New York City last week.
Miss Turner's raw, rending vocal delivery, in which the voice often seems to tear itself apart without ever actually disintegrating, also encompasses the red-hot mama, blues-meets-rock-and-roll tradition embodied by Janis Joplin.
''And it promotes sharing, because once you learn the techniques, you want to share them with someone else.''
Since the major news in this newspaper office involves who is expecting a ''blessed event,'' the plot thickens when the columnist snitches on an unmarried chorine.
There were 79,000 Mercedes sold in the United States that year, compared with 227,000 in Germany.
came as Administration officials said Mr. Reagan would not hold an 11th-hour meeting with Speaker Thomas P. O'Neill and Bob Dole, the Senate majority leader, about a compromise on legislation on the debt ceiling.
Believes the recent changes in insurance have done little to reduce the costs.
Day and Night Tours of Beirut He said he also spent four days in the company of a man he identified as Akal, a top Amal commander.
Arizona 67, Oregon St. 52 TUCSON, Ariz. (UPI) - Eddie Smith scored 18 points to help Arizona (20-7, 11-4) into at least a share of first place in the Pacific-10 Conference.
Even so, they have a habit of gravitating toward a local bar or coffee shop or taking their manuscripts into the office personally, and end up spending the better part of a day there soaking up social contact.
BARBARA SIMMONS Elementary Director Berkeley Carroll Street School Brooklyn, Dec. 10, 1985
And that would be a shame, because all the programs are good.''
In September, he received an invitation.
Hunan Capital, 1007 2d Ave. (53d St.).
As it became dark, they separated into their individual commands, ranging from 20 to 100 men each, and set out in a long straight column.
Complicating matters further, Miss Lange behaves as if she hasn't been introduced to the rest of the cast.
People hear increasingly urgent expressions of concern from the elected leaders of Nicaragua's neighbors, and there is growing awareness of the danger that the Sandinistas pose to peace and democracy.
''John said he was upset because of the script, because the producers didn't think it was that funny,'' Mr. Wallace testified today.
Occasionally, Nazi activity becomes public.
That he succeeded was no small accomplishment for Mr. Clark, who last week submitted his resignation to President Reagan.
Will he win an essay contest that holds out the chance of free admission?
Years later, in 1980, Mrs. Walker passed the high school equivalency test at the same time as her daughter Cynthia, who had also dropped out from high school.
is subject to the State Environmental Quality Review Act.
Ray McElhaney of the Federal Bureau of Investigation said: ''Items were seized in the search of this compound that directly link the Covenant, the Sword and the Arm of the Lord with members of the group known as the Order,'' which he said was already known to be a splinter of Aryan Nations, a neo-Nazi group based in Hayden Lake, Idaho.
The quarterback Ben Brooks hit Reidy with a 37-yard touchdown pass in the second quarter to close the scoring.
The net loss for the fourth quarter, including the write-downs, was $419.2 million, compared with a loss of $7.8 million the previous year.
Some investors, for example, who bought older downtown buildings expecting to be able to charge rents of $28 to $29 a square foot are finding they can only get $18.
''We make our decisions on the basis of recommendations of experts from the field.''
''Now he has some gas left in the third quarter.''
Presented by the Metropolitan Opera.
In a television sea of frank discussion shows and increasingly steamy soap operas, the fluff of ''New Love American Style'' is just plain silly.
How would you like to have these guerrillas in New York?''
Presented by AMAS Repertory Theater, Rosetta LeNoire, founder and artisic director.
Born in Astoria, Queens, he now has an apartment in Albany, a loft in the TriBeCa section of Manhattan a few blocks from the state offices in the World Trade Center and a weekend place in Dutchess County.
Reprimanded by Conference University officials have refused to comment on Knight's latest outburst.
Under normal circumstances, many blacks prefer to shop in white supermarkets where prices are lower than in neighborhood stores in black townships.
That way you can effectively search for a particular passage with a minimum of time spent in hunting - and a single button commands both slow and fast search.
''But when the going got tough, our team got going.''
When Mr. Milnes, played by the dashingly handsome Timothy Dalton, finally drops out of the marriage picture by announcing his engagement to another woman, he is quickly replaced by a Dr. Sutherland (Stephan Chase), who proceeds to become Miss Nightingale's devoted admirer.
Mr. Norris is still chopping with his hands and doing spectacularly high kicks to other people's jaws with his feet and not saying very much as he goes about this work, but, as his movies have gotten better, so has he become more self-assured.
Punch, the English humor magazine, termed the designs used on stationery ridiculous.
He knows the immense power of the regime and its capacity to kill millions, but he says he thinks the war can be won with fewer casualties than the 1.5 million in Algeria's revolution, not counting the French.
''I always hoped he'd make it and I'm really sorry it happened.''
''It feels better, just walking around,'' said Bossy.
Mr. West makes some extravagant claims for his find, such as that it provides a ''key to Orwell's evolution from the slightly pedantic and unpolished author of prewar days'' - this about the man who already had to his credit ''Homage to Catalonia,'' ''Down and Out in Paris and London,'' ''Shooting an Elephant'' and other works that still bear reading.
On New Year's Eve 6-year-old Danesha Sparks was wounded in the right hand when a bullet crashed through an apartment wall.
A few fluid gray strokes render Bodhidharma's features and the outlines of his body and capture his concentration as he seems to be walking on water.
Though they are loath to nest in captivity, at Slimbridge their answer to the chilly English winter is to mate and build nests.
The soldier, whose name has not been made public by the United States, had been a guard across the street at the Kabul radio.
This concern arose in the 1970's during an increase in the construction of total confinement structures, in which pigs are brought from farrow to finish indoors.
While this was never built because of strained relations between the architect and Wisconsin state officials, there are three Wright buildings in Madison of special merit and visibility.
Interior paint has been stripped with liquid nitrogen - a novel process that statue contractors say could be used to inexpensively restore delicate parts of old buildings.
The staff of the firm's vital institutional equities department is being increased to about 200 people from 125.
While the current bill is little more than a list of numbers, the proposed version is written in full sentences and contains the name and number of a company representative who handles consumer complaints.
But spokesmen for building-materials manufacturers and others argued against the measure, saying it was costly, premature and even dangerous.
And long before William Perry joined the Bears this season, Marvin Davis was known to his friends as ''The Refrigerator.''
She pays homage to governments that know to assure it to all.''
Business sees what is happening in the black community.
That's true, I think, of all women.
The winery produces some excellent chardonnays and sauvignon blancs.
That earthquake had a magnitude of 6.7 on the Richter scale.
If only to time one's walkouts.
''The people held on Rikers Island are caught in the conflicting policies of two obstinate governmental agencies,'' he said.
Instead, the jetliner landed in Oakland.
The settlement will cost the 2,000-pupil Tarrytown school district $500,000 a year for two years and $1 million a year from 1988 to 1995.
For some, ''comparable worth'' conjures up a nightmare, a wholesale reordering of all jobs so that the ''worth'' of nurses, say, is compared to that of nuclear physicists.
One militant miner shouted: ''Traitor!
Seven South Asia nations formed an association for regional cooperation and pledged not to interfere in each other's internal affairs.
He would not expand on the comment, but criminal law specialists speculated that the department might have decided that three of the men arrested in the case dealt exclusively with the fourth, John A. Walker Jr., and did not know others were involved.
''There were games I threw last year when I was as embarrassed as the people who were paying me,'' he said.
A strike by United Airlines' pilots forced the cancellation of hundreds of flights yesterday at 89 airports.
Some continue to predict a Vietnamese attack on Ampil.
Consider the case of General Foods, maker of Maxwell House and Sanka coffees, Jell-O and Minute Rice, whose stock's price climbed to the sky on rumors of a takeover.
Sumitomo Bank Ltd. said Japan's gross national product will grow a real 2.5 percent in 1986-87, beginning April 1, the smallest expansion rate since 1974-75.
Nevertheless, it is easier to achieve the latter with equine bluebloods than with their human counterparts since, more selectively bred, they are not only beautiful but are also living examples of form following function.
Swedish Rhapsody A LITTLE NIGHT MUSIC, music and lyrics by Stephen Sondheim; book by Hugh Wheeler; suggested by a film by Ingmar Bergman; originally produced and directed on Broadway by Harold Prince; directed by Susan H. Schulman; scenic design by Linda Hacker; lighting design by Ruth Roberts; costume design by C. L. Hundley; production stage manager, James D'Asaro; choreography by Michael Lichtefeld; musical direction by Phil Reno;.
The program, conducted by Robert Irving, also included repeat performances of ''Ballo della Regina'' and ''Shadows.''
Mr. Laxalt said he would remain in Washington through the end of the Reagan Administation.
But is it as clear, as he contends, that if social historians looked more to the interaction among groups and did so with ''public values,'' then they would automatically transcend the politics of group advantage and embrace ''a politics of civic justice''?
Aikman finished with 10 completions on 14 attempts for 177 yards.
'You Had to Leave' ''It was clear that if you wanted to stay in the field, you had to leave,'' said Dr. Stephenson, who then headed the Government lab.
It represents my past and my future.
Byward Market Ottawa's open-air market, situated along George Street since the 1840's, has undergone a gentrification.
Joel L. Reed, Wagner & Brown's chief financial officer, described the two as ''very low-profile men who would prefer to maintain that low profile.''
Loews also declared a 25-cent quarterly payout on post-split shares payable March 1 to holders of record Jan. 28.
#50-Foot Mechanical Arm With Dr. van Hoften standing on a small platform fixed to the end of the 50-foot-long mechanical arm, like a worker on a cherry picker, Mr.
* Approval of benefits for care in homes and hospices, which cost less than hospital care.
Comet Issues Halley's Comet also receives international philatelic attention.
Some of them were able to renovate and reopen as discos, catering to an older audience; some didn't.
Mr. Jerome, who said youths at the project refer to Poe as ''Mr.
Mr. Stoessel acknowledged that there were no known opponents of chemical weapons among the panel's eight members and that, at the President's order, all staff members were provided by the Pentagon along with the budget of $174,000.
Because diseases occur in bodies, not in test tubes, scientists are sharply limited in the types of experiments they can do in the laboratory.
Mark Hasenberg, an analyst at the Donaldson, Lufkin & Jenrette Securities Corporation, who said he was somewhat surprised by the move, said RCA has already taken some precautionary moves against a takeover.
Six prototypes were installed at New York's Penn Station.
Nonfiction * 1 1 5 YEAGER: An Autobiography, by Chuck Yeager and Leo Janos.
We can still have a good season.''
In each of these Japan compares well with other countries.
The introduction puts Compaq, easily the most successful of the I.B.M.-compatible makers, among the first to turn out products based on the AT design.
The possibilities in the preparation of potato salads are limited only by the imagination of the cook.
Coach Herb Brooks and Barry Beck, the team's captain, engaged in a loud argument at the outset of practice this morning, according to Beck and several other Rangers.
John McVean, the corporation's vice president, said he hoped that after inspecting the project's buildings, Mr. Zaccaro would advise the building managers and insure that the shelters complied with building codes.
''The school has shown me the different ways to teach my child and how to let him do things for himself that I might not have let him do,'' said Miss Sloan, Jamie's mother.
It has also organized the nonprofit 939 Foundation for the Arts to oversee these activities.
On the personal level, some politicians who know him well still view Kemp as an intellectual lightweight, a one-time jock with a good barber and a smooth tan, stuffed full of ideas that he does not completely understand.
Cranko's stage values are highly pictorial.
''I want to convey a certain message in everything I do.''
About 85 percent have drug-related problems.
This is true despite the fact that the drive to increase minority and female representation on faculties has sputtered in the last decade because of the slump in hiring that resulted from lower enrollments.
''I wasn't aware of the record,'' Hernandez said, ''until I saw it flashed on the scoreboard.
It is conceivable, he added, that ''The King and I'' will sell out the remainder of its 19-week run, which ends on May 4.
Some of these have been inspired by the collected works of such best-selling fixtures as Sidney Sheldon and Judith Krantz, and some - such as ''Princess Daisy'' and ''Rage of Angels'' - have worked fairly well.
A new museum show in town, ''Mammals in the Limelight,'' may sound like still another solicitous grooming of incumbent bipeds by the capital's tuxedoed canape nibblers.
Stephen Vizinczey's attempts to sum up an era yield fewer insights.
The national union opposes the strikers' tactics.
Scarsdale residents will fight most change, survey results showed, and most zoning proposals contained in the questionnaire were soundly ''defeated.''
Tires were placed around the men, which is often a prelude to setting someone on fire.
Mr. Raeff, who was born in the Soviet Union, educated in western Europe and the United States and teaches Russian studies at Columbia University, is the author of both books and articles on Russian history, many of which have exercised great influence among students of that history.
''Sandy passed on an orderly baton to Peter and Peter has run the firm, expanded its size and things are going very well.
Flying on Monday to the Ozark National Forest in northwestern Arkansas, a major sector of the bucolic pot belt, Mr. Meese was prevented by mountain mists from a helicopter tour with reporters and photographers, to the plant-chopping battlefront.
In doing so, he says, ''I indulge myself in an individual act of heroism.''
PxP was short-lived - after 19 P-N4, Q-B1; 20 Q-R4, R-Q4, he recouped it with 21 NxP.
BRITISH and American sporting paintings - most depicting horses, dogs and prize-winning cattle - make up one of the more specialized and fastest growing areas for collectors buying at auctions.
The proposal, said Senator J. Bennett Johnston, a conservative Democrat from Louisiana, is ''the most damaging to the constitutional process, the most extreme piece of legislation I have seen in the Senate in 12 years.''
''Some go over to Islam for a bag of rice.''
On this side of the bay, Adam Joseph Duhe 3d, age 1 1/4, began to wander around a quiet hotel lobby.
The network, organizers said, complained that last year's parade moved too slowly.
''Er, no, Susie, take your time,'' I'd say, picking up the toy truck and dodging the toy tractor.
He leaves the trail so he can climb trees, tug at vines and rummage through the brush, where he gathers tasty berries and bugs to eat.
An article on the Washington Talk page Tuesday about William McChesney Martin, the former Federal Reserve chairman, erroneously described the rarity of Government buildings named for living people.
There has been an upsurge in terrorist activity recently by the underground Palestinian group headed by Abu Nidal, who has been accused by Egypt of masterminding the hijacking of an Egyptian airliner to Malta.
Revenues rose 4.2 percent, to $9.84 billion, from $9.44 billion.
Stifel, Nicolaus & Company is the underwriter.
If they lose, the Redskins will face the Giants.
Mickle had 4,500 books printed at a cost of $4.50 for each book.
Some people do not want to do business with what they consider to be autocratic governments; others shun nations that they feel do not protect endangered species.
What better place is there in any American community than the public library - the repository of knowledge and history - in which to initiate and foster respect for and love of the arts?
The Browns used the pick to take the quarterback Bernie Kosar in the supplemental draft earlier this year.
The amendment on aid to the Cambodian rebels, adopted on a voice vote today, says $5 million may be provided to non-Communist insurgents if aid is also provided by countries belonging to the Association of Southeast Asian Nations.
The decrease could be linked to the sunspot cycle, which is now near a minimum.
Under a United States policy that gives rides to representatives of major shuttle customers, the Prince, who is an experienced pilot, was invited in April to join the crew.
To dry apples, for example, choose pieces of fruit that are in excellent condition with no bruises or soft spots.
The number of university officials who are members of minority groups has increased, and minority students get about 40 percent of the university's financial aid.
European central banks, especially the Bundesbank of West Germany, have intervened very heavily in the markets; last week they sold possibly $2 billion.
Other White House aides whose jobs are now uncertain, especially if Mr. Regan brings in his own team from Treasury, include Richard G. Darman, a Presidential assistant who may leave for a Treasury Department job under Mr. Baker, and Craig L. Fuller, assistant to the President for Cabinet affairs.
Wineries New York now ranks second among the states in wine production, most of it from the Finger Lakes region.
''Deference'' is the ''respect'' they want.
Preference for Japanese Goods Officials acknowledged that all this activity simply underlines the prospect that surges of foreign products are not likely.
''We decided this emotional issue has divided us long enough,'' said one Democrat who has worked with the different factions on the latest agreement.
In 1957, tens of thousands of foreigners flooded the city, which took on a fairground atmosphere as Russians rushed to clasp the visitors' hands and swap coins, pins and greeting cards.
Trammell (shoulder and knee surgery) is throwing and running and, the Tigers say, is ready to play.
The first period was punctuated by bursts of aggressive play from several Islander veterans, including Bob Bourne, hoping to effect a full recovery from an injury-plagued 1984-85 season.
Judge Orders Release of Notes But on Oct. 10, Judge John M. Fitzgerald ruled that Miss Morris must turn over to the Buchans' lawyers 100 pages of police notes on a homicide investigation.
''When you allow self-expression in the classroom,'' he said, ''it's only the rich children who speak up.
One owner of a legally converted apartment, Mary Peabody of Kings Park, told the board, ''You can no longer put your head in the sand - people need a place to live.''
At such homes, the goal has usually been to provide children for adoption.
Thus, Mr. Vermeer said, the possibility of a Chapter 11 filing was ''unlikely, as of today.''
It was losing money this year on its personal computers until it introduced a new version of its main product, the HP150,less costly to manufacture than the old one, Mr. Morton said.
If convicted, he faces up to 265 years in prison, a $45,000 fine and the forfeiture of the $159,360 in real estate commissions and option fees that prosecutors say he made in land transactions.
The National Institute of Education, a Federal office, says that 27 million adults are wholly illiterate and that 45 million more are near-illiterate.
Investment bankers from the First Boston Corporation acted as lead managers for the negotiated sale.
She took out a letter to show the workers.
1 draft choice to get the forward from the Nets.
then'' and the other logic functions are particularly useful for verifying data entry.
In ''The Public Eye,'' Mr. Robbins effectively plays a solicitor who thinks his wife has a lover.
New technologies may be able to permit a layered defense by providing: sensors for identifying and tracking missiles and nuclear warheads; advanced ground and spaceborne interceptors and directed energy weapons to destroy both missiles and nuclear warheads; and, the technology to permit the command, control and communications necessary to operate a layered defense.
Sometimes, as in the Stewart case, circumstances muddle the task.
Mr. Solomon, who has been chairman and chief executive, and Mr. Garin, who has been president, will become part of a five-man office of the president in the new company, under Lorimar's co-founder and chairman, Merv Adelson.
A second communique, drafted to mark the 40th anniversary of the end of the World War II, emphasizes the success of postwar cooperation among the Western allies and supports the Reagan Administration's opening position in the Geneva arms limitation talks now taking place with the Soviet Union.
John Lithgow and Dustin Hoffman played women in ''The World According to Garp'' and ''Tootsie'' respectively, and have graciously shared their insiders' knowledge with the world at large, expressing in interview after interview their compassionate amazement at the difficulties poor women face in a sexist world.
New Legal Guidelines Needed The report said Congress could choose not to develop new legal guidelines for electronic surveillance, thus leaving the policy decisions to the courts and Government officials.
Professor Yans-McLaughlin said her review of the lyrics showed that ''when immigrants write about America, they are much more objective and skeptical than people are today.
When dubbing a CD at the higher speed, this listener could barely detect any difference (except for a trace of tape hiss) and was greatly impressed by the sweet and spacious character of the sound, which ADS credits to the total absence of equalization and other forms of electronic signal processing.
A basic element of the I.R.S.
A 12-foot red nylon lashing strap costs $4.29 and a 5-foot Truck Tie Down is $4.99.
Mr. Dewling, deputy commissioner of environmental protection, said the cut to 50 gallons a person a day is only about 14 gallons a day below normal average use.
In the course of his pilgrim's progress, Treadup gains a nearly heroic stature, coming to represent the best qualities of the American character, the best side of innocence.
It has chosen instead to build nuclear forces clearly designed to strike first and thus disarm their adversary.''
Larry Joe Johnson, who murdered a gas station attendant in 1979, had been scheduled to die with Mr. Raulerson, but his lawyers won an indefinite stay of execution late Tuesday from the United States Court of Appeals for the 11th Circuit, in Atlanta.
All right, that is one way of getting the viewer to tune in again tomorrow night.
Requires state agencies to prepare reports and plans on the needs of disabled adults who have outgrown the child-care system, with a report due to the Legislature by next Feb. 11.
The most fascinating thing about ''The Waves'' was the variant of Sprechstimme (sung speech) used in the work.
In all, the Celtic bench, litle used by Coach K. C. Jones during the season and for much of the playoffs, showed that it would be ready to make a significant contribution against the 76ers.
Furthermore, his only reasons for not having an affair appear to be his fear of being caught and his not having the time.
The Japanese are making better cars at less cost because of superior management rather than any cultural characteristics peculiar to their home islands, many knowledegable students of the industry maintain.
In an amusing letter, however, James Demon of Alexandria, Va., says that horseradish is actually a corruption of the German word for horseradish, Meerrettich.
's judgment on emergency planning.''
Here are just a few: ''A Winner's Notebook,'' ''Be a Winner,'' ''How to Win at Office Politics,'' ''How to Unlock the Secrets of Winning & Good Luck,'' ''Win the Happiness Game,'' ''Act Like a Winner,'' ''Dressing to Win,'' ''It's Your Turn to Win at Work & at Home,'' ''Why Winners Win,'' ''Choose to Win!''
and Toyota would be reduced from 12 years to 8.
In Vail, Colo., another ski resort area, there is similar gloom.
''This is not a problem that can be handled by the police.''
Mr. Ward said the program was intended to put more emphasis on community crime control and less on the central 911 emergency system.
And that's too much pressure to put on any pitching staff.''
But he played with musicality, assurance, and where possible, lyricism.
Jan Erixon got a goal at 14:02 to give the Rangers a 2-1 lead.
''They sowed the wind and reaped the whirlwind.
We wanted what we wanted, not what some stubborn carpenter wanted to give.
Some political opponents of the idea have noted the shady operations of some investors, who brought in almost no money and then shut down operations after taking advantage of the tax holiday and then started another undercapitalized enterprise.
But ''in no way,'' he said, ''do we want any pressure put on that engineer to exceed the authorized speed.''
Hours are 10 A.M. to 6 P.M. Tuesday through Saturday.
So you can see it's respectable and, with a husband-and-wife team running it, it stands for family values - which is a very big theme these days.
'' That's exactly what Kathy Baker did in parring each of the last two holes for her Open triumph.
The ranks of Senate bachelors, unlike many Senate waistlines, are thinning.
At this point, the live-action drama is supplemented by hordes of animated Lilliputians, who scamper about a surprisingly game Mr. Harris.
While I admire Judge Kaufman's humility and restraint, I hope that our judges will wisely lead the way when they can, while we separate the political and emotional complications from our ethical framework based on the scientific realities of life and death.ROBERT L. SCHEER, M.D.
This family would lose a number of significant tax deductions that they now enjoy: $4,653 for state and local income taxes, $3,000 for real estate taxes and $874 for sales taxes.
Then it is down through the dark trees, their branches snow-laden, the only sound the soft hiss of the skis.
But the war continues to lurk over Japan's shoulder, a demon immune to exorcism.
The program also included Mr. Taylor's ''Lost, Found and Lost.''
A Whole New Scale For in the end, this building would bring a whole new scale to Brooklyn Heights, one even less compatible than the skyscraper scale of downtown Brooklyn.
They said that if he was not freed, they would execute the eight Greek citizens aboard the plane.
Diverse examples serve as a kind of foreword to Mr. La Barre's conclusion - because we insist on believing that male sexual power is a limited resource, we are at the end of our rope.
The actor-turned-director smiles broadly, accustomed to such encounters.
Her sentiments reminded me of a passage from the book ''Life Is With People: The Jewish Little-Town of Eastern Europe'' by Mark Zborowski and Elizabeth Herzog: ''Food is conspicious in all social celebrations, and even a casual call is a signal for some sort of refreshment.
A Joint Venture The successful bidder was a joint venture whose partners are Bernard Spitzer, a leading developer of luxury apartments; Peter L. Malkin, a real- estate lawyer, and two privately held corporations whose principals were not disclosed.
Hours: Noon to 1 A.M. Special turkey dinner, $15.95 to $17.95.
Criticism of System The budget center study contends that, instead, the 20-year retirement harms the military by driving out highly trained officers and technicians at the peak of their skills.
Where there is mildew, wash first with a solution of 1 part liquid laundry bleach and 4 parts water.
All shared fourth place with 10 1/2-6 1/2.
More bidders have emerged for Zabar's, the venerable Upper West Side food store, since the initial offer last winter.
subsidiary that runs the city's bus and subway system.
The recipe was a closely guarded secret.
Distrust of colorful language has thrived among philosophers.
But Mr. Martin, in a second letter to Mr. Thurmond and Senator Joseph R. Biden Jr., the ranking Democrat on the Judiciary Committee, said he had decided ''there was no substance to the appearance problem.''
Mr. Gorbachev said it was his ''firm conviction'' that agreements on reducing offensive weapons remained possible and that differences between Soviet and American proposals should not be ''overdramatized.''
The least risk is incurred if the rate is set at application.
The puck just sat there, and that's what happened.
A graphic reference to the Kennedy assassination was read into it, and public protests brought about a suspension of the program by Washington.
With a four-year budget of about $1.3 billion, this tiny office will comprise roughly 20 percent of America's high-technology venture capital.
I had it very comfortable.''
Well, my intentions are to acquire it whole, and better the lot of the shareholders, the customers and the employees.''
''We will consider spinning off our business into other segments, like special sizes or children's wear,'' she said, adding: ''We're plugged into a growing segment of the population and there are many geographical markets we're not into yet.''
The managements of the Allied Corporation and the Signal Companies, obviously pleased by the merger that will become final today, are planning a $3 million advertising effort to announce the existence of Allied-Signal and explain what it does.
Both worked at Convergent Technologies, although Mr. Burnett had previously been a toy designer for Kenner.
Wickes emerged from Chapter 11 bankruptcy proceedings in January.
Disillusioned with the practice of law, especially after being told that ''advocacy is the art of the practical,'' Eliot decides to spend some of his time teaching law at Cambridge.
As recently as October, the United States oil industry was quoting a price of $30 a barrel for West Texas Intermediate.
The Iranian national press agency said Iran would retaliate if Iraq carried out the threat.
I think of my students M. Green and A.
This section also contains the name of probably the most famous of Israel's secret agents, Eli Cohen, known as ''Our Man in Damascus.''
The Pope sees as one of his main tasks restoring traditional dogma after a period of experimentation.
officials were in Cairo mediating with the gunmen.
President Francesco Cossiga visited the stricken area today and vowed that this country's officials would succeed in ''doing the justice that will have to be done.''
Her husband, whom she described as an ''ultra-conservative,'' urged her to join the John Birch Society, she said, and she did.
Pat Frasier, a senior fullback, ran for 110 yards and two touchdowns to send Montclair to a 27-0 victory over Paramus Catholic in Paramus.
He shuttled between his parents and other relatives for years.
You feel safer with them around.
For example, Mr. Riley continued, ''We now see our composite (double) index trading at 212.75 and a March 215 call selling at a premium of 2 7/8.
A wealthy Welsh family haunted by an ominous heritage.
One day last week, John Schuerholz, the Royals' general manager, was asked what he would be looking for this winter to improve the World Series champions.
.Of those 50 percent who have not yet been exposed, the top priority is the development of a vaccine.
Most of the data announced were in line with analysts' forecasts.
Those of us who can help him ought to be there.
At 11:15 P.M. Information: 874-6438.
In most homes the programmable central controller is usually mounted in the master bedroom, while extra wall-mounted controllers with only three or four switches are mounted in the kitchen, family room or entrance hall.
''I've been here 38 years,'' he said without being asked, ''since I was 17.
Administration officials said last week that there had been a ''serious increase'' in Soviet arms shipments to Nicaragua.
Coming to power after a military coup in 1969, General Nimiery initially gave his huge country a rare interlude of social peace by ending a 17-year civil war.
The need to raise big bucks seems to make it harder for candidates to worry about losing their soul.
That was the biggest increase in shipments since a 4.1 percent gain in December 1983.
If he does it el cheapo, he can survive.''
Dr. Arnold S. Relman, the editor of the New England Journal of Medicine, has strongly criticized for-profit hospital chains and has charged Humana with trying to reap a bonanza from the publicity associated with its pledge to finance 100 artificial heart implants.
Because outlining is an orgaanizational task to which most writers should - but rarely do - aply themselves, the programs however, can manage most ot the essential maneuvers of word processing - while still retaining the outlining functions so essential to the organization of thought.
The civilian umemployment rate was 7.3 percent, also the same as the two previous months.
''Most people supposed you had to be weak and cowardly to take your own life; Daddy said you had to be brave.
''If a person's health improves, productivity will go up and costs will go down.''
Issues relating to the application -such as lying about an application or the source of financing or any record of violating F.C.C.
Against this background, the legislature's Committee on Executive Nominations met on Tuesday.
The pilots are free on bond.
Other than their top four, the Yankees had Don Baylor at .245, Mike Pagliarulo .225, Bobby Meacham .205 and Willie Randolph .184.
Below it is the word ''Connecticut.''
Mr. Smith, the association president at Hastings Square, talks of measures his board is now taking to remove an unauthorized four-foot high wooden slat extension built on top of railings by a newcomer to assure greater privacy.
After Resch came up with a save on LaFontaine from point-blank range at 18:30, Lever gave the Devils the lead again with 1:15 left in the period by scoring his 10th of the season from a crowd in front of Smith.
Classical music is represented by the Harmonie Ensemble in Handel's ''Royal Fireworks Music'' on Aug. 30 and appearances by the Twentieth Century Music Group and the New York Chamber Orchestra.
With others now sharing the burden of trying to maintain world economic growth, the Fed could now believe it has greater freedom to curb the fast-rising American money supply.
.P-K4; 16 B-K3, the challenger could have returned to a similar system of the 45th game of the previous match by playing 16. .
Such cuts are usually announced late Friday.
''I just shoveled it in front,'' said Crombeen.
Two marinas and a boat ramp, plus several nearby sailing clubs with active racing programs, fill their needs.
There is less chance of cracking the bricks and in many cases the anchor holds better.
Two years later, he left home to live with a family in Milan, where he became the property of Simac, the Boston Celtics of Italian basketball.
They did overcome their fear, but their encounter with that patient, a man named Greg, inspired them throughout the writing of the script.
CBS News reported last night that the Soviet Government was planning to invite President Reagan to appear on Soviet television, possibly in an interview format with a panel of Soviet journalists.
was designed exclusively with retirement in mind, it is interesting to note that a similar retirement vehicle, 401(k) deferred compensation, while not possessing the flexibility of the I.R.A., does allow for early withdrawal for a variety of purposes, such as payment of college tuition, purchase of a home or even payment of unreimbursed medical costs, depending upon the particular plan.
E. F. Hutton & Company has been fined $7,500 by the state for failing to check, as required by state law, whether Maine investors could absorb possible losses in a movie distribution deal, Attorney General James E. Tierney said today.
Finish transplanting shrubs, groundcovers, perennials and ferns; water in well.
The playwright, Vijay Tendulkar, is contemporary; the play is set in the late 18th century and has the lineaments of a classic folk tale.
Canada, which has a reserve-to-production ratio of 12, and England, which has one of 9, will be in worse shape than we.
After tying the game, David Ilvento recovered Rutgers' short kickoff at the Florida 31.
One-income couples can contribute $2,250.
''I couldn't take it, and I took it,'' says the wheelchair-doomed poolroom entrepreneur William Einhorn in Saul Bellow's ''The Adventures of Augie March.''
Late on July 2, ''Singin' in the Rain'' stood ready to enter Broadway history - as one of the most expensive one-night flops ever.
Of course, it is still a serious deficiency if a ninth grader reads on the fifth-grade level, but the finding may make a difference in what can be expected.
So far there has been no contact between GAF and Carbide, according to sources close to the situation.
American decisions on intervention are generally made after discussions with European and Japanese officials.
''He's a nonpartial friend who listens to us without making judgments.''
''And if we go to Monday for a playoff,'' Davey Johnson said before last night's game, ''Aggie will be our starting pitcher.''
CBS paid about $14 million for rights, most to televise the teams in the Big Ten, the Pac-10 and the Atlantic Coast Conference.
''Assuming I don't come out as a villain,'' Mr. Koch said, ''it can only be positive.
It is the automobile, though smelly and costly at times, that regularly frees the multitude from the confines of the city, the home and the general routine of life.
Continuing the family saga begun in ''A Woman of Substance.''
For years there has been talk here that drug smugglers have been using the windswept Turks and Caicos Islands as a base for shuttling cocaine and marijuana into the United States.
''Just let them consider a boat and see how hard it is to design one.
He said 500 nonunion, salaried employees were prepared to take cuts totaling $2.3 million.
For information about the Libertad, write to A-Mark Precious Metals Inc., P.O.
Researchers such as Dr. James K. Todd, who first diagnosed and named toxic shock syndrome in 1977, see those funds as a Catch-22.
Tatsuro Toyoda, a member of Toyota's founding family, is president of the joint-venture company.
team that might be interestedin him, saying: ''I'm happy where I am.
The critics assert that General and Mrs. Ershad get kickbacks on Government contracts.
Talk of possible American sales began in 1982, when Mrs. Gandhi visited the United States and had what both sides described as a friendly discussion with Mr. Reagan.
She told an American reporter recently that she wanted to emigrate with her mother.
Drop in Supply Expected Because the Treasury requires 20 days' notice before it issues special securities, which are widely used in such refunding transactions, investment bankers expect the supply of refunding issues to drop sharply after today.
In the Senator's version, Mr. Gorbachev first said that ''if the United States is prepared to discuss the question of preventing the militarization of space, it would then hear from the Soviet side the most radical proposals on strategic arms and intermediate weapons.''
No students were injured, the police said.
Giving a child child-size responsibilities helps develop a sense of competence and self-worth.
An exhibition of American weather vanes in wood, copper and sheet iron will be on view through Feb. 2.
And the refrain: ''Let's go to Luckenbach, Texas,'' a small town with old friends and a simple lifestyle where ''ain't nobody feeling no pain.''
Among those who attended were Donald T. Regan, the President's chief of staff; James C. Miller 3d, the director of the Office of Management and Budget; Michael J. Horowitz, the counsel to the budget director; Interior Secretary Donald P. Hodel, and Secretary of Energy John S. Herrington.
''And look at Pierre Larouche.
And who are you going after?
Both the Federal and state governments have already acted to increase collections from former students by garnisheeing the wages of government employees who have outstanding loans and by withholding tax refund checks.
With the broadening of the rally, the New York Stock Exchange's composite index rose 1.88 points, to a record 113.82, while the Standard & Poor's 500-stock index jumped 3.57 points, to a high of 197.29.
WHILE the public image of a corporate building is a point of great sensitivity for most executive officers, the image that the company projects to its own employees is equally important.
He wonders if his critics also find it delightful.
In the investigation, the City Finance Department queried the firm's customers by mail, Mr. Crotty said.
On Thursday, July 19, the tour proceeds north to Scotland for three days marked by the opportunity to stay at The Old Course Golf and Country Club in St. Andrews, and to play the Old Course as well as on the courses at nearby Carnoustie and Gleneagles.
Free Air Time May Be Asked The group may ask CBS officials for free network air time before or after the program as a way to help ''mitigate'' the damage they fear the dramatization will do.
But as the marchers began moving back into the park in midafternoon, the mood turned ugly.
The girls' mother, Juana Paula Preza, 40, confirmed accounts of her daughters' deaths given by five other villagers.
Wait there quietly until daughter sings out ''Goodbye.''
''I respect his boxing ability,'' Marvelous Marvin Hagler said, ''but I don't like his personality.''
The Peruvians would be required to spend the aid money in the United States and would have to request an export license for each arms purchase.
We should expect the reform impulse to survive the 1985 setbacks as well.
''Knowing the only way we could conceive was to get Pergonal treatments,'' Mr. Frustaci said, ''we went ahead with the drug.''
10 on the list of the most dangerous cities.
Its declared purpose was to preserve the province's centuries-old French language and traditions against erosion by Canada's English-speaking majority.
Presenting the rationale for the Administration strategy of aiding Nicaraguan rebels, the White House document contended that the alternative would be an expensive and doubtful strategy of ''containment'' against Nicaragua.
In various chapters he presents such diverse but related topics as the rituals of the men's house, Mehinaku dream interpretation and childhood socialization.
Two-thirds of the houses are in a zone that allows doctor's, dentist's or other professional offices used only by the resident owners, and the rest are in a zone for small office buildings.
This inner album is inserted in a pocket in the middle panel of the larger package.
American Express rose 1/8, to 48 3/8, in active trading.
But Mrs. Walker spoke with her husband, and they then informed an official at the American Embassy in Panama of Captain Avila's confession, according to the court record.
During one shuttle mission, laser beams fired through a window of the European-built Spacelab are to strike one or more large mirrors mounted in the shuttle's payload bay, and then be reflected toward satellites or other targets, according to the magazine Aviation Week and Space Technology.
Lawyers See Impropriety Beyond the debate over the supremacy question lies a broader conflict over whether it is proper to subpoena defense attorneys.
Historic Rehabilitation Credit Reduce credits for renovation of older buildings to a rate of 20 percent for certified historic structures and 10 percent for buildings constructed before 1935.
Another expansion of the fraud statutes involved oil executives who fabricated records to indicate that ''old'' oil was newly discovered oil, for which they could charge more under Federal regulations.
On Friday, the Akali Dal, in response to a Government peace move, announced the postponement of agitation scheduled to begin May 1 to press its demands.
Thomas M. Bucci, a lawyer endorsed by the local Democratic Party, and City Clerk Leonard L. Crone are also running.
Sixteen Presidents since Washington, beginning with Andrew Jackson and continuing through Jimmy Carter, have endorsed a single six-year term as a preferrable alternative to multiple terms.
In both 1980 and 1981 the program received grants of $50,000 from the National Center on Child Abuse and Neglect, the Federal agency.
''Smoking, and liking it and not intending to quit, compulsive dieting and weighing myself four times a day, but sneak binges of ice cream and cookies at midnight, extravagant, impatient.''
Nor should they feel odd because of insensitive reactions from others, who may wonder how anyone could be so upset over the death of a ''mere pet.''
The city recently bought a 24-foot trailer and outfitted it as a mobile command post jammed with communication equipment and other gear designed to coordinate emergency services.
And Molly, the victim, is too frightened to say anything, apart from the hazy complaint that she doesn't like Mike ''when he acts silly.''
The nearest food and other stores are about four miles away.
Sprinkle with the chopped celery.
Shad, now chairman of the Securities and Exchange Commission, add ''brilliant'' and ''great motivator'' to the the list of superlatives.
But no matter where the 30-year-old acrobat lands, if he is traded, all the crystal balls in that division will be clouded.
With the geography easily explained, the philately comes a bit harder.
''A large bulky building casts the same shadow whether it is a community building or a private building,'' said Donald Weston, president of the Fine Arts Federation of New York.
*3*** COMPANY REPORTS ** View Full Article in Timesmachine »
Years later, he told the Times critic Donal Henahan that he had left the City Opera because the job ''occupied too much time in administration.
I had the best sushi I ever tasted while flying 35,000 feet over the Pacific.
Local production of guns in the region has all but disappeared.
Steven Ostrega, the chief of staff for the City Department of Environmental Protection, said about a million gallons of water had been lost before the main could be shut off.
* 14 14 2 AFTER THE REUNION, by Rona Jaffe.
1 despite losing to Lendl in the final at Tournament of Champions last month at Forest Hills and to Mats Wilander in the semifinals at the French - both clay court surfaces.
boasts some other lustrous tea-sippers - notably, Rex Harrison, Jeremy Brett and Lynn Redgrave.
International A series of summit meetings between President Reagan and Mikhail S. Gorbachav might be scheduled if their meeting in Geneva in late November turns out well, according to Secretary of State George P. Shultz.
And then there was the critic whose thoughts turned to ''the tradition of Chaplin, Keaton and Tati.''
The initial stroke occurred Dec. 13.
The diplomat, identified as Farag Omar Mahkyoun, 31 years old, was the head of the press office at the Libyan Embassy.
Producers whose wines can be found in many stores include Pio Cesare and Banfi, which uses the Principessa Gavi label.
He has divided us from one another.
''We just don't mix,'' he said.
Turning a private street over to the town may be more expensive.
They demand a high degree of physical conditioning.
One of the 1975 London season's more attractive successes was ''Alphabetical Order,'' an amusing critique of both the very orderly and the very disorderly temperament, set in a newspaper morgue.
Edmond Genest's colonel is so aloof a gent that it is difficult to discern the inner struggle between loyalty to the wife, through whose family influence he keeps advancing, and the servant, to whom he owes his life.
Proceeds will be used to repay a portion of the debt resulting from PPG's purchase of about 10.7 million shares of its common stock in September.
He wrote scripts for ''The Ted Mack Amateur Hour,'' the ''Howdy Doody'' show and Joan Rivers.
That might happen, Mrs. Grant said, but, like other successful children before her, Donna might lose her sparkle, her interest, or both.
On one occasion, he was permitted to travel to act as chairman of a meeting on extraterrestrial life held in Montreal by the International Astronomical Union.
A 7-year-old girl was critically wounded when a 5-year-old playmate apparently used her father's .22-caliber handgun to shoot the girl in the head, the police said today.
''I was told before I took over as manager that when you send a player out, get him into your office and get him out fast.
As for its futuristic predictions, ''2001'' remains uncannily apt in most respects.
In addition, newborn children were medically evaluated, and their intellectual and emotional development is being studied and compared to the patterns of interaction in their families.
Fieldcrest's sales in 1984 were $573 million.
When you reach the number you'll be talking to one of what the Department of Labor calls 'telephonists' and they will tell you where the closest place for you to apply is.''
Riding Glen Owen, a horse he borrowed because his own mount was lame, 18-year-old Steve Heinecke of Ridgefield, Conn., won the Hunter Seat Equitation Championship Trophy of the American Society for the Prevention of Cruelty to Animals.
A large platter of mussels drizzled with a miso-sake-soy sauce looked much better than it was -the slightly dry mussels tasted as if they had been cooked in advance.
d-After a realized investment loss of $8,000 for the quarter and a realized investment gain of $277,000 for the 6 months.
Concern about a ''boomerang'' effect was sharpened by debate today in the West German Parliament, where Mr. Kohl's defense of the Reagan visit met opposition charges that the Chancellor had mistakenly opened old political wounds and damaged West German foreign policy interests.
But a more widely shared view is that Mr. Gorbachev has encountered opposition to some proposed changes.
The Soviet Union sent its forces into Afghanistan at the end of 1979 to fight an Islamic insurgency and also to oversee the ouster of one Marxist leader and his replacement by another.
The sheer scale and sweep of his - P. D. Q. Bach's - full-length opera, ''The Abduction of Figaro,'' at the Minnesota Opera last year drew more real laughs than Friday's offerings.
In other words, it should be a metaphor for the woman herself.
Fernando Valenzuela of the Dodgers was selected in 1981, just after his 21st birthday.
The expansion will focus more on higher-priced restaurants and other food services.
There's baccala - dried codfish that has been soaked overnight in water - that she prepares two ways: dipped in flour and fried (which the children like best), and simmered in a light red sauce.
''We will definitely be alert -there's no question about that,'' said Walter R. Arnold, Superintendent of the Kings Park Central School District.
Lautenberg, N.J. Leahy, Vt. Levin, Mich. Long, La.
Video cassettes are generally available in two formats, VHS and Beta.
Negotiations resumed this spring, once Rajiv Gandhi released Mr. Longowal and other leaders from detention.
Ties Between 2 Cities While the Common Market may bring Perpignan and Barcelona closer economically, they already share a long and colorful heritage.
Capital lawyers say the cutback in Government support for legal services for the poor is coming home to roost.
Americans took on $10.37 billion more in installment debt in February than they paid off.
200 Butterfly - Pablo Morales.
The Republic National Bank in New York quoted gold late yesterday at $315.40 a troy ounce, down $2.10 from Tuesday's late bid.
Some American companies have longstanding joint ventures and licensing arrangements with European companies but, thus far, only a few have similar deals in Japan.
The play is at the New Federal Theater, 466 Grand Street.
Mr. D'Amato sent a letter to Nassau County Republican headquarters saying that he had spoken to Mr. Margiotta about the matter and that the raise would be approved if the 1 percent were paid.
The division had asked for revocation of Resorts's license, the first time it had ever made that recommendation on a renewal application.
Argentina finally reached an accord with the International Monetary Fund in September on the terms of an economic austerity plan, clearing the way for billions of dollars in fresh credits from United States banks and other sources.
Martin, shortly after being convicted of perjury in connection with the Chicken Ranch fire, was murdered by yet another competitor.
The Capitals played with so much authority, particulalry in their own end, that they neutralized and frustrated the Islanders, who got their only goal when Scott Howson scored with 6 minutes 29 seconds left.
As a main course you might choose from poached salmon filet served with grilled eggplant or roast fresh haddock patenade, with basil butter and sweet peas.
As former President Nixon proved and has constantly urged, a commitment to annual summit meetings would relieve the exaggerated fears or expectations surrounding any one of them.
''There's a lot of uranium around, but this stuff in Canada is just so damn rich,'' said Mr. Gordon of the Atomic Industrial Forum.
No matter which side throws the other to the mat, the underlying contradiction remains.
Similarly, an abundance of dressing detracted from both the Caesar and spinach salads.
There is no membership and no procedure for ordinary physicians to join the organization.
At Gemini, 64th Street and Second Avenue; UA Twin, Broadway and 49th Street, and other theaters.
The agency has supplied several experiment facilities for the mission, including a ''space sled,'' a chair that can be moved backward and forward along rails fixed to the floor of the Spacelab's aisle.
In trading of Apollo Computer Inc. options, 1,385 options were traded on the Amex, 389 at the C.B.O.E.
ABC was also ''very interested'' in the bout, but Bob Iger, director of programming for the network, said it was ''economically unfeasible.''
It's apparent what their primary concern is.''
One way to lessen the risks was offered by Marilyn Perla, a broker with Realty 100 in Huntington, L.I., who has also flipped units.
In hairdressing as in tabloid journalism, one picture is worth a thousand mispronounced words.
In addition, a major percentage of the biomedical research being done at universities and industrial laboratories requires using radioactive materials.
First make sure you are using a good quality air filter, one fine enough to do the job.
Both at D. F. Sanders and Company.
They did not understand the pedals, the relationships among the dynamics of a piece, the infinite degree of shadings between, say, a mezzoforte and a forte.
Mr. Birmingham, a graduate also of the Taft School, is a son of Matthew T. Birmingham Jr. of Norwalk, Conn., and the late Jane Birmingham.
''I've done pieces that started at 11 A.M., and pieces that were performed in three different places; I never wanted to make the kind of piece where you walk in at 8:30, sit down in front of a proscenium stage knowing what to expect, and forget about it the next morning.''
The existence of a large underclass threatens the equanimity of their lives.
In a brief statement, the White House said President Reagan had ''reluctantly'' granted the leave.
Another researcher whose work is pointed to by many as validating some basic precepts of psychoanalysis is Lloyd Silverman, a clinical psychologist at New York University.
''If he says, 'Oh, excuse me,' they'll spit in his eye, hit him in the head with a bottle.
Analysts anticipate that the Big Three will all post improved profits for the fourth quarter.
He was 84 years old.
But an innovation - allowing banks to convert their debt into other currencies - has proved very difficult to draft in precise language.
The reasons for updating the plan, Mr. Stygar said, is that people's activities are changing rapidly.
In an exchange of defensemen with Detroit, the Rangers acquired Mike McEwen, a defenseman who had played with them before, for Steve Richmond.
Bannister played only eight minutes against the Hawks, but his 5 points brought his total in the last five games to 62.
Enrollment for the winter course (September to June) hovers at around 310 students, with classes averaging between 20 and 25 students.
If the satellite functions properly, it is expected to extend telephone and television communications to Australia's vast, isolated ''outback.''
''I'd like to think we did dominate every aspect of the game in our building much the way they had.''
(This and Brandt's other published books are displayed in vitrines in the exhibition.)
inspection agents who assisted Mr. Annicharico by monitoring his talks with Mr. Puglisi and by following Mr. Puglisi and other suspects from meeting to meeting.
These reductions, coupled with the Defense Department cut proposed by the Administration, would result in a $50 billion budget cut for fiscal 1986, which starts next Oct. 1.
''We would be lesser without them and are greater with them,'' he said.
Officials say they are not sure what its presence really means.
Dr. Wallace, assisted by tapes, will be the guest in a discussion of ''Individual Expression in Austen's 'Pride and Prejudice' and Mozart's Piano Concerto, K.
Italy has asked Bulgaria to extradite a Turkish businessman, Bekir Celenk, on charges of plotting to kill Pope John Paul II in 1981, the Italian news agency ANSA said today.
Wednesday Sports is on page B16.
First dip all the water out of the bowl - or at least enough of the water so that the cracks are no longer under water.
The supreme of duckling, the boned breast roast well done in a traditional manner, while not uniformly tender, was decent, its sauce nicely seasoned with pepper.
Cut down those bushes around the house, get rid of that stuff on the property lines, and he'd guarantee we'd be happier.
The young man has turned into the Queen of England, who plays chess with the jester, and the man and woman have names - Lord and Lady Maladroit.
''When I went to those tees,'' the 55-year-old Palmer said, ''some people in the gallery asked me, 'Where are you going?'
In his State of the State message, Mr. Kean called 1985 ''the year of the environment.''
Single-story distribution buildings near the docks would be demolished, but would be replaced by structures farther from the water, thus opening up space for storing the containers.
I happen to be one of those people who believe in tyrannicide.
Mr. Dole also suggested that the votes on the military amendment and on Social Security could reflect a political reality the White House has to face.
But they scrapped the idea, afraid Wood would actually wear it as he wandered the halls urging them to work harder.
The sources said Italy was given evidence showing that Mr. Abbas remained close to the ship and directed the hijacking.
ACCORDING TO ISraeli defense sources, there were more than 900 attacks on Israeli troops in south Lebanon in 1984.
''Abdallah'' reserves most of its classical dancing for the wedding of Abdallah and Irma in Act III, arranged by the sheik.
Miss Zimet of Chase Manhattan said of the President's request, ''That's one component, but we've had an extremely long history of being active in the arts community.''
But over the last few days, former students and collaborators of Mr. Horton assembled here to pay formal tribute for the first time to the leading West Coast pioneer of modern dance.
These and others offer such luxuries as power windows, stereo equipment, air conditioning and cloth seats as optional features.
The Korean growth was three times faster than that in the United States.
In his inaugural address, Dr. Steinberg said: ''I call on my faculty colleagues to think hard about what it is we have pledged to do with our lives.
Focus on Interstate Sales But the focus of the police lobby now is on the bill passed by the Senate last year to dilute the 1968 gun control law, which was enacted in the wake of the assassinations of the Rev.
A deputy police inspector, Tosano J. Simonetti, said the shootings occurred about 6:30 P.M. after the gunman had quarreled with a man inside the park.
That makes it the city's largest taxpayer.
''We looked all over Manhattan and could not find floor sizes that were appropriate for our operation that were affordable,'' said Stephen L. Tate, president of Stroheim & Romann.
In addition to Mr. Agca, who faces charges of smuggling into Italy the 9-millimeter Browning pistol he used in the shooting, attention at the trial will focus on Sergei Ivanov Antonov, 37, the former Rome station chief of the Bulgarian state airline, Balkanair, and the only one of the accused Bulgarians in Italian custody.
He also found that accepting help made life easier.
The movie asks this question, answers it and provides some enjoyably offbeat humor along the way.
I'd say, 'How much from current income can I afford to put into that mutual fund every month?'
''A lot of guys say the ball looks bigger to them when they're hot,'' Henderson said.
''There will be a meeting,'' he said.
''To the extent that the Prime Minister does have radical aims,'' says Samuel Brittan, a leading free-market advocate and columnist for the Financial Times, ''she is - less than halfway through the statutory term of a Parliament - hemmed in by her party's fears about the next election.''
He is rarely home these days, but his parents often travel to watch him play.
Jonathan E. Gray, an analyst with Sanford C. Bernstein & Company, said Financial Corporation now had more flexibility to deal with a loss of deposits.
Yet, it is shocking to realize how few of the truly distinguished presentations of the past several months were to be seen on the networks.
Former hostages have said they have identified photographs of the hijackers shown them by the F.B.I.
That report is due a week from Friday.
The interest in the record has much to do with the man himself, the quintessence of durability and longevity and the work ethic, who possesses a remarkable joy - perhaps even lust - for the game in which he has excelled.
Why did I not think to ask her for her recipe more persistently?
There, they will find a juicy selection of Romare Bearden's lithographs, color etchings and silkscreens, titled ''Black Roots, Jazz Music, Universal Myth.''
And in February 1975, an off-duty constable in plain clothes was shot down on a London street by a man fleeing the questioning of another police officer.
''They were able to get some pressure on us and cover our receivers well,'' he said.
''I think it's healthy that the market does pause instead of just skyrocketing onward.''
In the end, it is only a midnight visit by the ghost of Mayor Fiorello H. La Guardia - who warns him to reform ''or you're going to lose the only thing you've ever cared about'' - that turns Mr. Koch around.
Thanks in part to recordings, but also to a new flourishing of Wagner on the stage, the ''Ring'' can no longer be considered a rarity in this country.
Charge of Opportunism In their debate, Mr. Bernardi hit hard at Mr. Young's administration of the State Fair.
In its appeal to the Supreme Court, the landowner argued that local officials had barred ''any economically viable use'' of the land and that further subdivision applications would be futile.
By now many of the seminars offered in the Esalen catalog seem stale, a reprise of those that have been the institute's staple for years.
American and Jordanian officials said the main differences between King Hussein and the United States concern the format for talks between Israel and a Jordan-Palestinian delegation.
Unlike priests in the dioceses, however, they have not been able to participate in pension plans because the money they earn goes directly to their religious communities.
Like desert dwellers all over the world, Akbar and his fellow tribesmen have a tradition of being friendly and welcoming, an obligation that is presumably rooted in the fact that the Sahara is so brutally inhospitable.
''The House has always felt since the beginning of the Reagan Presidency that the Senate has taken us for granted,'' said Representative Tom Loeffler of Texas, the chief deputy Republican whip.
The first nine selected were defensive linemen, offensive linemen or linebackers.
Far more typical is a woman who has been a reporter for a Tokyo television station for 23 years, and has watched men several years younger than herself promoted above her.
* The creation of non-careerist, short-term contract debtors attached to the New York City Police Department, in numbers ultimately contemplated to make up more than half the force, is a decisive step away from the professional principle of careerism in policing, which is indispensable to the maintenance, through pension and promotion expectations, of high professional standards.
''This will make people talk about him.''
He graduated from the University of Pennsylvania, from which he received a master's degree in biology, and received a law degree from the University of Michigan.
Excluding nonrecurring charges, such as this write-off, Mrs. Fertig of Dean Witter estimates the company's earnings for 1985 at $1.10 a share, down sharply from $1.62 last year.
The days revolve dawn to dusk around the wheel of seasons.
Propagated by divisions of matlike clumps, it has rounded leaves and rose-pink flowers in terminal clusters without the bracts typical of origanum.
The lookout mountain peak, Huayna Picchu, adjoins the park and provides the very best panorama; it is a difficult climb, even for the most sure-footed, that takes an hour and a half.
But the recent economic embargo that the Reagan Administration declared against Nicaragua apparently will prevent United States companies from applying.
Mrs. Seitz is survived by five children from a previous marriage, Haim Pekelis of Pacific Palisades, Calif.; Rosselle Pekelis of Seattle, and Danielle Siena, Simone McCray and CoCo Pekelis, all of Manhattan.
WHAT is perhaps most extraordinary about Luby's success is that it has achieved it with little advertising or market research.
Effect Is Hard to Measure But the figures on participation are slightly inflated for both conservation and renewable energy installations, because some people made investments over two or more years and claimed a credit each time, and thus are counted more than once.
To raise money, she contends, her husband turned to espionage, and over the years they were together, Mrs. Walker said, he sold documents to Soviet officers every three or four months, on the average.
Fortunately for customers, the Federal Communications Commission recognizes that its role is to protect competition, not competitors.
Law Practice Was an Option ''I'm going to roll up my sleeves and get out there and put together the deals,'' the 43-year-old Miss Bellamy said, sitting in her City Hall office, surrounded by large cardboard packing boxes.
In addition, he said, it was instrumental in creating the nation's Catholic school system.
The anti-independence demonstrations continued outside until noon as local residents, including a heavy sprinkling of Asians and Kanaks, displayed banners declaring New Caledonia to be French forever.
''No one loved 'Prizzi's Honor' more than I,'' she said.
However, he said the police had discovered that the three gunmen involved had been in Austria for at least a week before the attack was mounted.
''Unfortunately, those who accept this view remain insensitive to the true intention of a writer who considered himself 'a passionately religious man,' '' said Dr. Rose Gallo, professor of English at Seton Hall and director of the two-day commemoration.
The $370 billion bill covers funding for the Pentagon, the Treasury, Agriculture, Transportation and Interior departments, the District of Columbia, foreign operations, and some agencies.
Following is the schedule of screenings for the rest of March: Tuesday - 2:30: ''The Private Life of Henry VIII''; 6: ''The Dawn'' (1936), a story of the I.R.A., directed by Thomas G. Cooper.
Mr. Echols has carefully worked out transpositions to put the chantlike lines into appropriate ranges for his leading singers, the countertenors Johnson Flucker and John Collis as Herod and an angel messenger, and the contralto Alexandra Homo as Rachel.
IN 1952, a young professor at the University of Connecticut was asked to become the state historian, a job that would include writing a scholarly history of the state.
Doctorow's diverse and unpredictable fiction is known for its juxtaposition of familiar cultural, political and historical markers with prominent fabrications.
His attorney, Norman Roy Grutman, said the company would establish that it had lost ''millions of dollars'' as a result of the article.
''When he won his first start at Aqueduct last fall, Mrs. Moran didn't know he was gelded,'' Stephens said.
But for many New Jerseyans and New Yorkers, and even a grocer from Langhorne, Pa., who have tried to find A & B Bakery, bread angst has been rising.
Politics is the art of the possible, and in this case, Republicans holding out for the impossible are weakening the law.
Mr. Stockman said afterward that ''a great majority'' of the spending proposals ''are going to be acceptable'' to the Senate.
So Mayor Koch was quite right to say this week: ''I urge people to stop shooting at them and give them an 18- month breather.
Other stores that will make such plaques include the following: Malcolm & Hayes Inc., 694 Third Avenue (43d Street), 212-682-1316.
'To Make Turkey Pay' The Ottawa police said the heavily armed gunmen first announced that they would stay in the Turkish Embassy ''to make Turkey pay for Armenian genocide,'' a reference to the death of countless Armenians during World War I at the hands of the Ottoman Turks.
State Senator Frank Padavan, one of only three Republican state legislators from Queens, said the two factions were ''fighting over a bone and a very small bone at that.''
Tim Hulett added a bases-empty home run, and Rudy Law, Daryl Boston, Ozzie Guillen and Joel Skinner had two hits apiece as the White Sox rapped out a total of 16 hits.
ADRIAN W. DEWIND New York
Encaprin is a coated aspirin and Head & Chest is a cold remedy.
Wild Again carried 122 pounds, seven more than the winner, and was making his first start in eight and a half months.
You know, there was a genocide here then.''
A companion piece to ''Junky'' (1953), which was Mr. Burroughs's first and simplest effort to set down his experience as an addict, ''Queer'' moves in fits and starts to chronicle the ''halucinated month of acute withdrawal'' of William Lee, the protagonist.
Frames appear within frames, and there are trompe l'oeil effects of considerable cleverness.
If January's pace holds, there'll be 60 executions in 1985, perhaps 20 of blacks; on that scale, it's legally and statistically likely that one or more of those killed will be innocent or not mentally responsible.
''If I were truly generous, I'd say 'take the money.'
In this case, he acknowledges that, yes, Murray and Mattingly were having better years than he.
But the country that stimulated the greatest response was South Africa, where continuing violence over racial tensions has led to more than 700 deaths in the last year.
The company said that existing long-term contracts extending into 1986 would be honored.
The term for a social misfit in high school these days, I gather from my children, is ''loser.''
Los Angeles is off to a 9-1 start, the best record so far in the National Basketball Association, and is coming off a 31-point victory over the Los Angeles Clippers on Friday night.
They say the membership tends to be far more middle class than in the party as a whole.
But I don't think I've encountered it.
He said: ''They're already swarming like ants into every nook and cranny in Congress.
I only know you have no business there at night.
''I got into a lot of hot water in 1976, when I said we should go from brass to 'class,' '' said Frank D. Fulco, the president of the Greater Waterbury Chamber of Commerce.
Though most New Yorkers never knew they had such a thing, a sculptural work by the man who created the Mount Rushmore National Memorial has been removed from its prominent place.
The plays were the winners among 1,000 submitted in the Henny Penny Playwriting Contest.
* Gordon Bennett has been appointed senior vice president, executive art director at Penchina, Selkowitz.
Another question is whether Representative Peter W. Rodino Jr., Democrat of New Jersey, will push the legislation.
''But if he doesn't, he will be able to go there only with the help of the German police.''
He said he learned long ago that to outwit the troublemakers he had to work around established schedules.
Is this because the President is a virtublican?
The latest quarter and year nets include a pre-tax gain of $15.2 million from the sale of certain G.N.M.A.
But would he seriously consider Hedberg for one of the most glittering jobs in the National Hockey League?
Gambling, drugs, illegal payoffs, low graduation rates and other abuses have been as much a part of the sports pages as box scores.
''Happy Susan B. Anthony birthday,'' the letter begins.
There were times, such as in Anne's Mad Scene, when Miss Sutherland had to drop into a conversational croon to save voice, but the big notes were there when called upon.
The Americans in Egypt met today with William Clark, the Deputy Chief of Mission, the second-ranking American diplomat in Egypt.
The music director, Martin Canellakis, has chosen varied fare, including Beethoven's ''Egmont'' Overture, the scintillating little ''Classical Symphony'' by Prokofiev, Faure's ''Sicilienne'' and, with the superb pianist Joseph Kalichstein as soloist, the Brahms D minor Concerto.
* A joint state-Federal program is established for cleaning up waters that remain contaminated with toxic substances even after polluters have used the best available technology to remove them.
But Fletcher collected his third of four hits, a single over the outstretched glove of the second baseman Willie Randolph, to bring home Salazar.
''We have to leave the engineers to do what they do best,'' said George Ziegler, who heads the engineering deparment.
The ''Salute to India'' will continue on Thursday, Friday, Saturday and next Tuesday with another program featuring the world premieres of two works by Indian composers, Sohal's ''Tagore's Gitanjali'' and ''Fantasy on Vedic Chants,'' performed by the composer, L. Subramaniam, the violinist.
''I think these people are subhuman,'' said Mrs. Harris, an administrator in a rehabilitation agency.
Construction would probably not begin for at least two years, he said.
The tool makers are now operating at near capacity.
Tudor scattered nine hits, struck out four and issued no walks as the Cardinals won for the seventh time in eight games.
On the positive side, they saw a great debut by Neal Coulter, called up from Springfield for the series, who scored on both nights.
It looks almost like a picnic.
There is the Stephen King who can't resist carrying a good thing too far.
Dense fog was blamed for five deaths in traffic and airplane accidents in Michigan.
But the Moslems regained the place in 1239, and Europeans did not take it again for another 678 years.
''Once known as the 'hardwood,' but now a place where athletes go with their attorneys.''
In a recent interview, Mr. Bleiler, who lives in Ridgewood, discussed his attraction to that subject, having produced more than 30 editions of ''fantastic fiction'' in his 22 years at Dover Publications in Manhattan, where he was formerly executive vice president.
When we play golf together or go skiing I can yell at him.
SEEKING to halt the shipments of radioactive nuclear wastes that have been moving through Westchester in recent weeks, local citizens groups have stepped up pressure on county, state and Federal Government leaders, calling on them to justify the shipments and to explain safety procedures.
In a hushed classroom, Professor Kobayashi drew his conclusion: ''It is said that over 200,000 people were killed in the atomic-bomb attacks on Hiroshima and Nagasaki.
Charles Collingwood, a CBS News correspondent who covered World War II, the Vietnam War and a host of other major events in a career that spanned more than four decades, died of cancer yesterday at Lenox Hill Hospital.
However, the play's success has proved to be ''a blessing and a curse,'' he said recently.
Other likely starters are Tasso, the best of a weak California crop and the winner of the Breeders' Futurity at Keeneland Saturday, and three colts who finished behind Mogambo Saturday - Groovy, Mr. Classic and Ketoh.
My fear is that people will come out, and we'll mess things up.''
Reviewing Mr. Hanley's ''Against the Stream'' in 1982, Anne Tyler described him as ''a most remarkable writer - a creater of small but extraordinarily immediate, dense, sharply defined worlds.''
''My standard for a performance is that I forget I'm seeing an actor and think I'm watching a human being.
Customers are free to stroll a central aisle and browse among the Toyota, Datsun, Isuzu, Mazda, Chrysler, Plymouth, Saab and Alfa-Romeo models on display.
We do hope we get the opportunity to thank, very sincerely thank Mr. Berri for his initiative that I think brought this thing to being possible.
''Ultimately, we cannot accept a trivialization of, as it would seem to us, of our sorrow, of our suffering, of our oppression at various times through the centuries,'' he said.
''It strikes northern Europeans and their descendants - Slavs, Teutons, Celts.
In its first season, Ballet Theater (later American Ballet Theater) boasted a short-lived ''Negro Unit'' of 14 women.
''But we already have pending proposals for over $20 million for projects involving some 300 housing units, mostly in Harlem,'' he asserted.
Irresponsibly, Americans have refused through all the wrenching years of high oil prices to use an oil tax to retain some revenue for themselves.
If there was not a garbage ''crisis'' in 1976, when the then-Governor, Brendan T. Byrne, signed the Solid Waste Management Act, most people would agree that there is one now, that it is worsening and that ultimate solutions are two to three years away.
''The people of Chelm rejoiced because they thought a miracle had been wrought,'' Mrs. Schram said, smiling.
Mr. Cox proclaimed apartment sharing ''an emerging urban life style.''
He is a burly man with an easy smile and with long, wiry salt-and-pepper hair, which he tucks under a green beret.
According to United Nations estimates, it could endanger half this country's 22 million people before the year is out.
''But because I was not a citizen, this was not possible, and so I entered the private sector instead.
I think it'll have a major effect on anchoring the neighborhood.''
''Monsanto had a powerful start in the first half of 1984,'' said Richard J. Mahoney, president and chief executive.
He followed Cindy Volper, who resigned, she said in a long angry letter, because of long hours and erratic schedules.
The Navy, for example, has 3,000 commands around the world, each in charge of its own clearances.
Chief Borrelli said Mr. Wong had been born in Hong Kong and had immigrated to the United States when he was 7 years old.
The first order is for $350,000 worth of such flavors as vanilla, chocolate, banana pecan and vanilla almond bark, to be distributed through Daiei, a large retailer.
''One could put stronger warning labels on cigarette packages,'' he said.
The prosecution says Miss Smith was the only person who helped supply Mr. Belushi with the drug.
For better or worse, no one can deny that Romantic music constitutes the bulk of our concert programs and looms largest in the hearts of audiences.
A close equivalent of an entrecote is a club steak or a Delmonico steak.
Over the last 35 years, stock prices have moved lower 19 times and higher 16 times in February.
Before buying one, make sure the computer can handle RGB; the Commodore 64, for example, can support only composite monitors, while the I.B.M.
A more serious problem is with the software, or the actual CDs.
By taking some of these children out, the school will be strengthened.
A leader of the rebel alliance, Arturo Jose Cruz, said in Costa Rica recently that Nicaragua was slipping into a state of ''permanent civil war'' that threatened to turn the country into another Lebanon.
Under its Commissioner, Anthony B. Gliedman, the housing department called on Mr. Weintraub's bureau in 1981 to design parks to complement urban renewal areas.
But the needs of the company, which had nearly $3 billion in military sales last year, coincided with troubles of the computer industry, a victim in part of foreign competition.
34 in C (K. 338) and Beethoven's Symphony No.
I had edited a magazine, the product of an entrepreneurial gleam all too common in the valley.
is that it couldn't be adequately verified.
The winner, Dave Stieb (2-3), allowed seven hits over six innings.
Most people can pace themselves reasonably well if they don't feel obliged to drink faster.
In this show, his first retrospective, we meet an engaging, gifted and quintessentially European artist whose approach to color and space remained intelligent and fresh.
He was referring to a controversial parenthood philosophy that demands responsibility and self-reliance from children in their teen-age years and beyond.
The Federal Department of Housing and Urban Development has been asked to pre-empt rent stabilization at University Towers, a three-building project at 175 Willoughby Street in the Fort Greene section.
''Love Fever,'' the new O'Jays album and the first to be released under Philadelphia International's new distribution agreement with Manhattan records, finds the familiar Philadelphia sound and modern synthesizer-funk and rap stylings coexisting, and enriching each other.
''They are not necessarily the work of independent anarchists or small cells of disgrunted extremists,'' he said.
In a city where people are fed up with street crime, where the Mayor's shifting view on subway vigilantism has been chronicled daily, Giuliani struck a responsive chord.
The dollar hit more records but fell back in late trading.
(University Press of Mississippi, Cloth, $17.95.
Beam Pulses in Atmosphere When the correcting mechanism was periodically switched off by Air Force scientists on the ground, the beam appeared to ''pulse'' as it weaved back and forth through the atmosphere.
A Manhattan judge said yesterday that he would ask for the speedy release of arrest records that could show whether the police knew their questioning of a suspect in the murder of a West Side drama student last month was illegal.
(Television - Channel 7, 5 P.M.) RODEO: Black World Championship, at Boys and Girls High School athletic field, 1700 Fulton Street, Brooklyn, 3 P.M.
St. Peter's Church (Lutheran), 619 Lexington Avenue, at 53d Street.
Following standard economic models of supply and demand in the oil market, you would expect that Saudi Arabia would cut production 20 percent in the face of a 50 percent price decline.
Do you really believe that all segregation has been eliminated in South Africa, Mr. President?
They will replace the heavy, lime-green, punch-card checks that have been issued for Social Security, veterans benefits, Federal pensions and salaries, tax refunds and other Government payments for 40 years.
Restaurants Le Perroquet (4339) adds some exotic dishes to its French and Italian selections, including breast of ostrich and Lady Curzon soup, a consomme of curried turtle au gratin with cream.
Negotiations for the possible sale of Home State continued throughout the weekend in Cincinnati with out-of-state financial institutions.
Besides, he could leave his earring off when he went job hunting.
Instead of raising taxes and blocking gravy sluices, he blithely let the trillion-dollar debt double to $2 trillion.
Struggle for Acclaim ''The people see the hijacking as a struggle between Berri and Hezbollah for the south, with the Americans serving as the pawns,'' said a Western official who is a long-time observer of the local scene.
Adjustment period: Adjustable loans have their interest rates adjusted at set intervals, ranging from every six months to every five years, but the most common adjustment is made annually on the anniversary of the loan's origination date.
Prepaid plans have raised $1 billion in investment capital since 1980, said Peter A. Wadsworth, vice president of Kidder, Peabody & Company's health finance group.
The Reagan Administration has said that the treaty allows for testing and development of new weapons in space using technologies like lasers that were not available in 1972.
BUSY SUDANESE - Prime Minister Dafalla of the Sudan, who will be in New York through Saturday, has a busy schedule today.
They clapped for them in front of the Polska meat market, the No Pork Chinese Restaurant and Socrates Coffee Shop.
But this year, he was 0 for 12 against New York pitching, he was hitting only .214 over all and he conceded: ''I was pitiful.''
''There are significant stands of trees available for wood burning.''
Some 17,000 of the retail packages were distributed nationwide, the agency said, and an unknown quantity of the mixes were distributed in 11-pound bulk containers.
Many of the blighted buildings are being reclaimed under city-sponsored cooperative and so-called ''sweat-equity'' programs.
Mr. Shultz said that next year ''may well determine whether South Africa can emerge as a country at peace with itself and its neighbors, or whether it will drift further into violence, strife at home and ever-greater international isolaiton.''
That's standard at every track in America.
Much of the decline was because of co-op and condominium conversions.
The cages for adult animals -which are large, powerful and dangerous - have been rebuilt with connecting passages that allow selected animals to interact.
Tickets are $50 from 212-460-8110.
The offer was designed to ward off Mr. Perelman by making it more expensive for him to liquidate the Bala-Cynwyd, Pa., company, although he has not said he would do so.
The Emhart Corporation said it had concluded its purchase of Allegheny International Inc.'s True Temper operations for $102 million.
All are at the Harry du Jur Playhouse, Henry Street Settlement, 466 Grand Street.
The Monitor's yield figures are based on minimum deposits available at institutions.
As a result, the traders who execute the buy and sell programs have their moves down pat.
As a professor in the marketing department, Mr. McNair developed his specialty in retailing.
Regulations have made housing in New York City less profitable than investments elsewhere, he argued.
Could an issue so soaked in emotion achieve a reasonable resolution?
The Ohio billionaire surprised New York by buying Bendel's, but he stunned Palm Beach by buying and bulldozing the Charles Wrightsman house.
At Macy's (34th Street and Broadway), private-label two-ply Scottish cashmere V-necks are only slightly less well made and only $99.
But the order of the piece is shuffled - most strikingly by ending with ''Vesti la giubba,'' Canio's big aria that precedes the commedia dell'arte play in the opera.
''Since I was six or seven, I always dreamt of pitching for Kansas City and I finally had that opportunity.
Last week, Mayor Koch and Governor Cuomo announced that they were abandoning Westway in the face of court defeats and Congressional opposition.
American antiterrorism experts were on their way here to help Egypt try to free the hostages aboard a hijacked Egyptian airliner last weekend but did not arrive before Egyptian commandos stormed the plane, Maltese and other sources close to the investigation of the episode said today.
''Clear out fast, because the elevator comes down fast,'' a voice calls over the loudspeaker to Santa and Mrs. Claus and their five elves, played this year by dwarfs.
Lilco's 924,000 electric customers already pay among the highest rates in the nation.
They are designed so that a vehicle rides up their sloped sides and then bounces back into the road.
Sam Vincent scored a 34 points for the Spartans.
It is as if a visa for Dobin, who waits with his eighty-year-old father, his wife, and his teenage daughter for their refusal to be reversed, will really be granted if the Colonel's words are taken up by world Jewry.
For example, he is listed in Who's Who in America, a listing of prominent Americans based on information that they themselves provide, as the inventor and patentee of a device called the Sam Snead Hand Strengthener.
It praised ''the spectacular achievements'' of space exploration but said these had ''not as yet fully contributed their potential to the reduction of poverty, of illiteracy, or to the improvement of public health of the poorer nations of the worl
They are more willing to link loan repayment schedules to a plant's eventual production, for example.
I'm walking on thin ice now.''
In another case, headdresses used during female initiation rites not only are excellent examples of sculptural form and carving skills, but for the initiated were also a lesson in the art of grooming hair.
The business-forms industry is enjoying a boom.
Sandy Wilson's cello is firm and confident, and will probably mellow in tone with the years.
The article said Gary Orfield, a housing expert at the University of Chicago and a consultant for the housing agency, charged the Federal Government ''was deeply involved in the creation of the ghetto system, and it has never committed itself to any remedial action.''
Mayor Koch, arriving in St. Peter's Square for the ceremony with a bright red tie that matched the Cardinals' robes, was asked why he had omitted the cassock and cape.
The best way to determine this is to hire a knowledgeable appraiser familiar with your area, and preferably with your individual property, and obtain a written appraisal of the ''before'' and ''after'' values.
Ford B. Ford, Under Secretary of Labor, said a particularly ''encouraging sign was that the number of long-term unemployed declined.''
The program, which he ordered two months ago, affected about 2.3 million people in 93 communities in the northeastern section of the state.
The second-year player underwent surgery Friday night to repair a torn ligament in the left knee, the result of a training-camp accident.
The two continued to correspond, and she returned to Leningrad and married Mr. Iossel in August 1981.
But the Democrat he edged out four years ago, Representative James J. Florio, announced Monday that he would not seek the Democratic nomination in the June 4 primary.
---- Boros Alone at the Start Julius Boros, winner of the 1963 United States Open, was forced to play alone for three holes today as his partner, Bob Stone, hurt his back on his initial tee shot of the day.
In Vietnamese, ma does not mean mother at all.
Spending for office automation has been rising.
''We see clear evidence that key sectors in the military lack the political will to end the abuses or to punish those responsible for past crimes,'' said the Lawyers' Committee report.
Twenty-two years ago, President John F. Kennedy went to the Berlin wall and proclaimed that he, too, was a Berliner.
In the only vote that was closely contested, Michael J. Ambruso, a white candidate, had 1,285 votes, or 53 percent, to 1,131 votes, or 47 percent, for William H. Daisey, a black candidate.
It is a real country church, built of rough granite and, like St. Elias, slid neatly into an urban site.
''What good does it do to provide for every other social service that people want if they fear correctly that they can't walk the streets and ride the subways and be safe in their homes.''
''And next, I'd be tremendously hurt.''
The day before, the city was shuddering under the impact of rocket barrages.
Television met a similar fate in spite of glowing predictions heralding its power to improve teaching.''
According to court testimony, some of the apartments lacked hot water, were infested with rats and cockroaches and leaked when it rained.
He finally left in the seventh after throwing two balls and a strike to Gallego, the leadoff batter.
Tel 4.625prB none 18,600 Sonat Inc 188,300 193,500 Sony Corp 978,400 419,469 Soo Line Corp 71,200 27,600 Southdown Inc 71,936 79,436 Southeast Banking Co 2,400 11,000 Southern Cali Edison 617,690 373,458 Southern Co 348,956 286,678 Southland Corp 622,241 730,020 Southland Royalty Co 13,600 72,300 Southmark Corp 43,900 11,178 Southwest Airlines 491,376 693,957 Southwest Forest Ind 1,048,475 1,031,375 Southwestern Bell 99,462 61,458 Southwestern Pub Svc 154,607 81,397 Sperry Corp 245,787 55,474 SPS Technologies 6,940 11,826 Square D Co 14,882 35,289 Squibb Corp 170,373 137,800 Staley Continental 111,400 108,400 Standard Oil Co (Ohio) 338,847 249,688 Stanley Works 12,112 24,612 State Mut Sec Inc 10,328 573 Sterlaing Drug Inc 488,320 185,220 Stone Container Corp 48,110 33,793 Storage Equities Inc 33,566 49,802 Storage Technology 923,900 794,000 Storer Comm 279,920 334,263 Strategic Mtg Invest 45,563 33,385 Stride Rite Corp 18,800 5,500 Student Loan Mkting 160,566 70,924 Sun Banks Inc 39,000 603 Sun Co Inc 142,117 132,616 Sundstrand Corp 31,320 4,470 Sunshine Mining Co 885,202 795,202 Super Valu Stores 11,100 4,200 Syntex Corp 105,755 621,538 T D K Corp 5,936 12,525 Tacoma Boatbuidling 87,600 30,700 Taft Braodcasting Co 6,500 35,200 Talley Ind Inc 78,800 85,500 Tandy Corp 1,135,740 1,282,270 Teco Energy Inc 32,400 5,291 Tektronix Inc 36,073 43,873 Teledyne Inc 192,943 164,723 Telerate Inc 184,100 304,500 Telex Corp 222,174 232,159 Tenneco Inc 402,897 306,541 Tenneco Inc 740prB 300 14,288 Teradyne Inc 90,240 113,600 Tesoro Petroleum 531,400 535,700 Texaco Inc 843,645 856,151 Texas Commerce Bank 50,690 1,520,574 Texas Instruments 678,884 553,629 Texas Intl Co 1,201,766 857,066 Texas Oil&Gas Corp 178,470 165,306 Texas Util Co 247,538 474,117 Thackeray Corp 5,732 300 Thrifty Corp 105,800 112,100 Tidewater Inc 608,575 513,435 Tiger Intl 162,851 144,634 Time Inc 77,193 169,000 Times Mirror Co 361,417 32,175 TNP Enterprises 34,421 4,517 Tonka Corp 186,575 111,004 Torchmark Corp 27,105 4,000 Tosco Corp 342,558 253,600 Towle Manufacturing 77,000 88,300 Toys 'R' Us Inc 980,142 1,145,548 Tracor Inc 15,089 78,613 Trans Amer Rlty Sbi 13,300 5,500 TransExplr Ptnr Co 5,644 12,080 Trans World Airlines 1,561,459 1,414,494 Trans World Al prB 1,100 43,900 Transamer Inc Share 402 7,000 Transamerica Corp 300,287 233,539 Transworld Corp 1,569,276 1,631,598 Travelers Corp 656,800 504,325 TRE Corp 1,200 11,253 Tri Continental Corp 336,401 347,647 Triangle Ind Inc 89,949 83,650 Tricentrol Limited 38,621 13,621 Triton Energey Corp 249,965 299,009 TRW Inc 97,768 64,405 Tyco Lab Inc 27,583 16,000 Tyler Corp 287,392 293,492 US Air Group 561,575 656,323 US West Inc 80,285 121,732 UAL Inc 616,158 529,895 Unilever NV 31,673 15,848 Union Camp Corp 3,800 21,180 Union Carbide Corp 808,275 490,082 Union El Co 36,748 19,680 Union Pacific Corp 41,424 95,450 Uniroyal Inc 301,198 100,698 United Brands Co 40,353 28,817 United Tech $2.55prD 101,380 110,037 United Tech Corp 563,646 715,134 United Telecommun 144,614 139,400 Unitrode Corp 5,838 21,271 Universal Foods Corp 55,000 none Unocal Corp 782,050 1,830,330 URS Corporation 67,606 62,500 US Home Corp 419,705 446,142 US Shoe Corp 32,000 60,500 US Steel $2.25 conv 189,200 179,200 US Steel Corp 1,102,566 1,324,300 US Steel 1275conv pr none 7,300 US Tobacco Co 258,100 249,500 USF&G Corp 17,434 74,341 USG Corp 412,547 446,654 USLIFE Corp 21,175 6,021 Utah Pwr & Lt 204prH none 200,000 VF Corp 47,849 2,343 Valero Energy 1,345,937 1,327,887 Valero Energy pr 15,500 20,500 Varian Assoc Inc 39,297 9,197 Varo Inc 17,646 1,090 Veeco Instruments 40,330 164,600 Vendo Co 18,900 9,600 Viacom Intnl Inc 784,092 898,287 Virg El & Pwr 720prI none 10,027 Virg El & Pwr 772prJ none 0,500 Vishay Intertech 17,910 none Wachovia Corp 156,195 39,100 Wal-Mart Stores Inc 407,727 622,007 Walgreen Co 155,300 151,025 Walker (Hiram) Res 160,330 34,193 Walter (Jim) Corp 912,978 719,960 Warner Commun 363,351 257,253 Warner-Lambert 256,069 219,390 Washington Gas 6,860 12 Washington Natl Corp 15,772 1,961 Waste Management 343,723 267,095 Watkins Johnson Co 1,185 9,108 Webb (Del E) Corp 38,644 33,304 Wells Fargo 7,995 40,920 Wendy's Intl Inc 219,022 515,425 West Co 4,193 10,886 Western Air Line 4,805,861 4,021,267 Western Co 28,400 202,200 Western Union Corp 2,354,101 2,909,050 Westinghouse 886,621 1,016,951 Westvaco Corp 34,268 10,500 Weyerhaeu Co 136,212 170,720 Weyerhau Co $280Pr 29,800 54,864 Wheeling-Pitt 57,800 49,132 Whirlpool Corp 10,659 39,311 Whitehall Corp 3,500 8,695 Whittaker Corp 92,284 108,169 Williams Co 134,553 79,313 Winn-Dicie Stores 36,195 22,592 Winnebago Ind 17,486 76,261 Winners Corp 63,700 80,600 Wisc El Pwr Co 95,074 168,200 Wisc Gas $225 Pr 9,000 none Wisconsin Pub Svc 7,748 100 Wolverine World 35,550 15,850 Woolworth 335,852 566,168 Wrigley (Wm) Jr 16,116 9,897 Wyle Lab 25,083 35,963 Xerox Corp 790,643 502,646 Xerox Corp Pr 91,850 217,900 Zapata Corp 256,921 237,900 Zenith Electronics 173,254 131,556
One wonders if such a jurisdiction fosters a climate in which witnesses to the abuse would testify on the wife's behalf; with reasonable assurance of protection from reprisals such witnesses will usually be forthcoming.
More recently, he has traveled to Africa and brought contemporary African influences into his music.
There are enough fertile ideas in this small volume to keep a clever mind occupied for a long time, but there is also rich entertainment, in lightning glimpses of the seminar participants.
I shall spend ten days taking in the fragrance of the birch trees and listening to the screech of nightingales.
Susan Heller Anderson David W. Dunlap
When McGuigan called to thank him, Atlas gave him some further advice: Stay away from Azumah Nelson, the W.B.C.
The book also contains many one- pot and frying-pan meals.
He had been hogtied - his ankles bound together, pulled behind his back and tied to his hands with elastic cord.
Last week he scooped up a fumble against the Lions and rambled in the open field 59 ponderous, but high-stepping yards.
's next-day letters will not necessarily arrive in the morning hours.
So they said chuck it.
Whatever happens, Hearns will walk away with $5.1 million and Hagler $5.3 million.
The dozen workers interviewed after the Bhopal accident later maintained that the stage for disaster had already been set when they reported for duty at the sprawling chemical plant on Dec. 2, a mild and relaxed Sunday afternoon in the central Indian city.
I have no shred of doubt that I am doing the right thing.''
Not in huge numbers, but that's where we see the unassisted market investing.
According to Islamic law, Prince Sultan's observation of the new moon has to be made with the unaided eye in order to mark the end of the Ramadan.
For one thing, unlike Mr. Rakowski, whose background was as an editor, Mr. Olszowski, a 54-year-old professional politician, has had the backing of the hard-liners, mostly local party officials who oppose decentralizing policies that could erode their power.
Lettuce seeds sprout rapidly under controlled conditions of warmth and moisture sometimes in as little as two days.
The official United States response was cool.
Beauchene, of La Baule, France, will be accompanied on the board by Thierry Caroni of La Rochelle.
To attract a wider audience, however, ''Celebration'' will be performed at Selleck Hall in Riverside.
At 30, Bob Dubois has a wife whom he loves, two daughters and another child on the way.
Beacon Hill offers some of the choicest strolls in urban America, particularly for fanciers of American architecture, art and history, and the surprising city cul-de-sacs that combine all three.
Financial problems forced the Smiths to sell the property to William T. Robinson, who finished the estate in 1799.
If the world had been paying such close attention in Stalin's days, not to speak of Hitler's, who knows how many lives might have been saved?
And with four seconds to go in the half, he followed his own missed shot and put the Wildcats in the lead, 29-28.
The financing consisted of a bond due in 1997, to yield 9.125 percent, and a bond due in 2005, to yield 9.625 percent.
The current restoration, which was on the drawing board for at least three years and under way for more than one, is the first of two phases.
There were no reports that any of the corners were able to find out the scoring, and ESPN said it would make sure there were no monitors in the arena other than for its use.
Dinners are $12 to $23.
She was arrested by white plainclothes security policemen armed with pistols.
It was the worst crash involving a United States airliner since a Pan American World Airways Boeing 727 crashed in New Orleans in July 1982, killing 154 people.
I am amused that those same economic soothsayers who were earlier forecasting a recession in mid- 1984 have now shifted to a mid-1986 timetable.
A picture on Saturday with an article about Massachusetts politics was printed erroneously.
''I'm sure every general manager has been doing the same thing I have,'' McCloskey said.
In the small town of Medford (a place made to seem simple but not saccharine), Jack Grainger (Gary Basaraba) is out of work and his wife, Ginny (Miss Steenburgen), finds her supermarket job dismal.
Yet they are far from gone, and wealth and poverty in a racially divided land will provide their own separations for decades.
Many hotels have made profitable use of it.
''Usually you choke at the net, but she was just so composed - she got it right in.''
The 46-year-old knuckleball pitcher had begun the day at his father's sickbed in West Virginia, but returned to the Yankees with a double-mission in mind, to reach the milestone and to help the Yankees with their near-impossible chore of catching the Blue Jays in the final week of the season.
An American force of about 40,000 is arrayed with the southern army.
It is seldom explained why any of these things happen.
This year Potvin managed to arrive in the playoffs in excellent shape, suggesting that he had used the regular season exactly the way it deserves to be used: as a preparation for winning the Stanley Cup.
Gold rose $1.86 in Hong Kong yesterday, closing at a bid of $319.68 an ounce.
So far, however, the shifts have not paid off for Avon, whose profits have remained weak.
George Crile, the producer of a disputed CBS documentary on the Vietnam War, defended in court yesterday his reliance on letters in which an intelligence analyst had written his wife in 1968 of the ''outright lies'' and ''doctoring'' of estimates of enemy strength.
---- No NATO Secrets Affected BRUSSELS, Aug. 29 (AP) - A NATO official said today that the defection of Hans Joachim Tiedge, the West German internal security officer, had not endangered any secret military information of the Western alliance.
The two boxwood have been through many changes in their lives and have seen many in our own.
The big plays Brown was alluding to belonged to Rory Sparrow, who put the Knicks ahead to stay, 76-75, with a 20-foot jumper in the lane with 3 minutes 31 seconds remaining, and Louis Orr, whose jumper increased the Knick advantage to 4 points at 1:42.
He also said ''it would be to our disadvantage to break off the talks.''
Letter Could Spark Hearings The financially troubled news service filed for protection from its creditors under Chapter 11 of the United States Bankruptcy Code in April, and its acquisition by a new owner requires approval from a bankruptcy judge.
The J. C. Penney Company said it had agreed to acquire the 36 percent of Cableshare Inc. held by Rogers Cablesystems Inc.
We cannot wonder that what the worshipers have to bring, they bring.
The only Knick to make the top five at any position was the forward Bernard King, whose 381,660 put him in fourth in the East, after Kelly Tripucka of Detroit (468,455).
'' Rocky Bridges was also very funny.
John H. Langbein, a University of Chicago law professor, says the British system has worked well.
''American Playhouse'' then gets first television rights to the film after it is released theatrically.
The states you mention use an over-the-counter system, while New York uses a central system.
''Here was a nice, patriotic woman, and her whole life had been changed by nuclear weapons,'' said Mrs. Hausrath.
''The early na"ivete of the pioneers, all that is gone now,'' concluded Rabbi Hartman.
The Hoyas made nearly 57 percent of their shots; giving Georgetown two and three attempts at once was too much for the Redmen to handle.
Mr. Moran said that if an airline were to decide not to use the slots it won in the lottery, the time ''goes back to the county and the county would just include those slots in the next lottery.''
He quit smoking and is not much of a social drinker,'' said George Imperatore, vice president of APA Transport and a long-time friend of Mr. Wood's.
Last-minute runners can sign up at the bank between 7 and 8:30 A.M., with late fees (now applying) being $5 to $7.
That commissioner, James K. Asselstine, a dissenter in the vote in 1983, asked questions seeking to explore the two governments' other point, that the emergency planning dispute will tie up the plant for so long that a decision now on low-power testing would be premature.
''If we come back later this afternoon and you're still operating, you're subject to arrest.''
Power Surge Causes Error Such a glitch, which did not cause any damage, occurred in the second operation here, Dr. Ceverha said.
She believes we should provide more help to countries and peoples that resist the Soviet Union.
On domestic spending, the appropriations conferees approved a $50 million reduction in funds for the Coast Guard and a 0.6 percent cut in the Agriculture and Interior approprations to save another $250 million.
Coleman promptly stole second base, and when Gary Carter threw high into center field for an error, Coleman had no trouble hustling to third.
Mrs. Campbell said she worked for the city for three and a half years and resigned ''because I wanted to leave.''
Tiny, purple zinfandel grapes; fat, pale muscats, and dark blue Alicantes are among the most popular varieties, but Mr. Pagano also sells grenache, merlot, cabernet and ruby cabernet grapes.
The annual rent on these offices would have been about $750,000 less than for those on Broadway.
''If the Government abandons apartheid,'' Mrs. Mandela said after visiting her husband, ''lifts the ban on the A.N.C., releases all political prisoners, and allows the exiles to return, then Nelson and other A.N.C.
Yet it has mass, texture and shape.
Mr. Vassos, born in Romania of Greek parentage, moved with his family to Turkey, where his father owned a newspaper.
''In fact, the first company to patent the round table was the English firm of Johnstone, Jupe & Company around 1840.''
Tudor's spring was not impressive, either: a 1-2 record, 6.26 earned-run average, 36 hits and 3 home runs in 23 innings.
In the first phase, which consisted of 81 condominiums clustered mostly in groups of three and four, prices ranged from about $300,000 to $475,000.
Advised Armed Forces Board For many years he worked as an adviser to the Armed Forces Epidemiology Board, mostly on respiratory viruses.
Newman says that among the several similarities between being a good thespian and a good road racer - such as self-discipline, of course, and dedication and desire - there's also the need to develop ''a thick skin'' against criticism.
The Hell's Angels motorcycle club and the California Highway Patrol seldom have much in common, but they could chat about their mutual admiration for recent models of Harley-Davidson motorcycles.
Discussing United States policy toward Nicaragua, Mr. Reagan indicated that a new infusion of covert aid to the insurgent forces known as the ''contras'' was ''necessary'' and ''desirable.''
Mr. Gamble testified he later changed his mind about the two certificates and decided to return them.
Let simmer about 10 seconds and drain immediately.
He added: ''I see 150 people here, and I think it must be May and we must be facing our annual budget crisis.
The astronauts also reported flying through at least four auroras, masses of electrically charged particles gathered above the magnetic poles that glow and are known as the Northern Lights.
Following are some of the major issues dealt with by the 1985 regular session of the General Assembly, which adjourned last week: Finances The Republican-controlled legislature passed, and Governor O'Neill signed, a $3.95 billion budget for general government purposes in the fiscal year beginning July 1.
But a senior official of J. Rothschild Holdings, which owns 50 percent of L. F. Rothschild, said: ''I cannot comment fully.
He seems to enjoy the role of evangelist for whatever he holds dear - whether interstate banking, economic development, professional athletics or promoting horse racing.
And I.B.M., after reaching an record high on Wednesday, backtracked to 140 3/4, for a 1 1/8-point loss.
(Sunday at 1:55 A.M. on ABC.)
Some of the house specialities are not to be missed.
Marching bands and cheerleaders entertained the crowd as TV crews angled their cameras at the action.
The article served as the lead essay for a Steinem book, ''Outrageous Acts and Everyday Rebellions,'' and in its current recycling has been adapted for television by Deena Goldstone.
And it is also to forget that in every school in every age, there are boring teachers and children who whistle themselves free.
Currently, a company must offer 500 guest rooms to qualify for 30,000 square feet of casino space.
Martin Jenco, a Roman Catholic priest, and Peter Kilburn, a librarian at the American University in Beirut.
I was there, and I affirm that opinion with deep conviction.''
* Forty-nine percent of women think sex before marriage is immoral, down from 65 percent who believed that in 1970; 44 percent said they did not think it immoral.
Ladders made of aluminum are lighter but some feel that the heavier weight of a wood ladder makes it more stable.
The man who does the kicking is Ray Wersching, who has 13 years in the league.
They have two children: Phoebe, 6, and Max, 2.
It was the largest weekly increase in the industry's history and follows the seasonal decline in money fund assets over the holiday period.
B ut is everything really all that different?
And since four and three add up to seven, we have the additional numerological explanation of a seven-measure phrase for the 'Enigma' theme.''
's leadership was deeply divided over its wisdom.
Subsequently, much of the press began projecting a strongly negative image of Mr. Maluf, giving vast publicity to charges that he had tried to ''buy'' votes in the Electoral College.
Mr. Stewart's facial injuries were ''inconsistent'' with such a fall, he said.
But they needn't bother calling a doctor.
Whitt then bounced to Randolph to end the game.
Mrs. Lund, 40 years old, remained in critical but stable condition, as she has been since Minneapolis Heart Institute surgeons completed the six-hour operation early Thursday.
Of the adoptions reported in 1982, 91,141 were by individuals related to the children and 50,720 were by unrelated individuals, the study found.
Mr. Block replied: ''You know I don't believe that.
When little changed, Mr. Orr asked Allen E. Puckett, chairman of Hughes, to meet with him in Washington in September 1983.
He does not regard those as ''fights,'' yet would demand an outlandish sum for them.
The landslide in Puerto Rico Monday appears to have been the most lethal in United States history, a landslide specialist at the United States Geological Survey in Reston, Va., said yesterday.
That would indicate the total number of Russians killed, wounded or missing in action is probably from 24,000 to 45,000 men.
A poor woman in colonial Virginia realizes her lifelong dream of winning a plantation owner.
The real mystery is who was Caryl Brahms.
But at the same time, Mr. Moyers said in an interview, he has given up on prime time at CBS as an regular outlet for reporting on serious issues.
''Lee didn't deserve to lose.
She graduated from the Bedford Rippowam and Miss Porter's Schools and from Wellesley College, where she was a Wellesley Scholar.
* Columbia Pictures Industries, a subsidiary of the Coca-Cola Co., has named Hugh K. Switzer senior vice president-management information services.
How am I going to find someone for me?
Private guards regulated customer traffic into the institution's downtown Baltimore office, and customers created their own number system to assure their places in line.
5.When the chicken has cooled, cut it into small, bite-sized pieces, removing the skin, bone and gristle in the process.
Even after the anti-landfill amendment was approved by the House last month, 700 demonstrators traveled to Morristown to protest the Freeholders' handling of the situation.
Just minutes before his order was made public on Monday, however, the students announced that they would end their civil disobedience yesterday.
He and I need the ''pleasure dome'' of the theater.
I was always interested in the lives of women and in the idea of a woman alone bringing up two boys.''
Mr. Latta, who was released on a $1,000 bond last Friday, could not be reached for comment today.
Here is the story you are most likely to hear about Bo Jackson, the baseball player.
It was sold to them in February 1978, for $3,000, by William P. Kampiles, a former C.I.A.
Thus, the kernel of the bargaining deadlock remains.
Air Pockets Created Another problem being examined by engineers in the Comptroller's office involves the pouring of the concrete over the refrigeration coils.
(Television - MSG Network, 8 P.M.) College: Elmcor Neighborhood League, at Nat Holman Gymnasium, 138th Street and Convent Avenue, tripleheader, 6 P.M., 7:15 P.M. and 8:30 P.M. Tennis All England Championships, at Wimbledon, through July 7.
This is like Mr. Del Tredici's earlier ''Alice'' scores, but without the amplified soprano soloists.
A mini show of new glass bowls and vessels by Art Reed, plus reprsentative works by gallery artists, occupies the upstairs exhibition space.
And her first child, a son, accidentally drowned in the early 1970's at the age of about 18 months.
The Jets' corners, Johnny Lynn, Bobby Jackson and Davlin Mullen, are slowed by injuries.
c-Net income, after an extraordinary loss of $42,000.
He is maniacally punctual, insisting I arrive at my appointments an hour ahead of time.
Psychologically, according to Whitey Herzog, a relief pitcher is often a different breed than a starter.
A 33-year-old postal worker with psychological problems shot and killed his wife and a son Sunday night and then wounded another son before killing himself in their apartment here, the authorities said today.
Over the years the condemned man and his supporters have appealed for a re-trial 17 times and asked for amnesty five times.
Another Harvard official familiar with the case said it had been settled by Mr. Hibbs's signing three agreements covering the charges, two with the women involved, the third with the university.
''Where I stood personally on the question is of no consequence,'' he added.
Nevertheless, after nearly 20 years, the Biblical Landscape Reserve now has under cultivation about three-quarters of the several hundred plants and trees named by the patriarchs and prophets.
He also attended the school, and as co-captain and quarterback he led the Eagles to the league title in 1964.
But this is not the American system.
And if you tune in the movie ''9 to 5'' at 9 P.M. Saturday on the CBS-TV network you will see why the agency jumped the gun on its plan to break the campaign next Monday.
You don't know when they will hit you, but they will hit you.
At Beaver Creek, that bus connects with Yukon Stage Lines (also twice a week), which follows the highway to Fairbanks.
* Break the egg into a shallow wide dish and add salt, pepper and water.
It also presents an interesting glimpse at a bit of fashion evolution - how two popular styles converged to became something altogether different.
A power-play goal by Brian Bellows at 7 minutes 59 seconds of the second period gave the Minnesota North Stars the score they needed to beat the Islanders, 4-3, tonight.
His observations were subsequently backed up by researchers from the University of Pittsburgh found that 80 percent of the police officers they studied were overweight.
This category is closely watched for the signals it gives about industry plans to modernize and expand production facilities.
Donald Trump knows that the only way for the N.F.L.
Although the subway system experienced a crush, the day's arrests, a total of 54, were fewer than the 100 last year.
Unsure Why They Were Chosen In a three-hour interview aboard the Lufthansa plane returning him to Boston, Mr. Brown, a tall, genial former Marine infantry captain who lost 10 pounds in captivity, offered a number of other fresh observations on the experience.
* 8 CRESCENT CITY, by Belva Plain.
Saturday morning starting at 7.
* Kenny Index, Kenny Information Systems Salomon Brothers estimates for bellwether issues
''I tell them, 'Just pass the ball if you can't dribble it.'
These drawing frames are recommended today for all works on paper - drawings, pastels, watercolors, engravings and etchings.
A James Donaldson jumper at the 8:54 mark of the first period gave the Clippers a lead they never surrendered.
That may have been technically correct.
40)-on the natural, or valveless, horn, which seems to this listener to be carying the vogue for authenticity rather far.
Joseph O'Brien, a spokesman for the New York City Office of Special Services for Children, said the difference between the rising number of reports and the study's suggestion of a leveling of actual cases over all could be the result of increasing public awareness of child abuse and stronger efforts by government, social agencies and communities to do something about it.
In the past there were some inventions.
At the end of the binge we are likely to have forces less ready, more disorganized, more wasteful.
''I was student body president at California State College at Chico.
The court was to receive quarterly reports that would identify each person receiving aid and the nature of the aid.
They walked beneath the tall old elms, drank from the spring that gave the park its name, and peered up into the haggard scaffolding of the Wild-Cat Coaster.
She wasn't entirely comfortable, however, in the feverish, high-stakes paperback world.
Mr. DeNardis, who sent a letter in July to every member of Congress criticizing the Evans bill, said the legislation would add more than $1 billion to the Federal budget.
In Rachael Friedberg's paintings, the hero - or the heroine, if one wishes - is the symbol.
Napolitana, 3383 Broadway (137th St.).
The Semper Opera in Dresden, East Germany.
If there was ever a wrong horse to bet on in the region it is Jonas Savimbi, the mercurial, ideologically confused leader of the rebel group, Union for the Total Independence of Angola.
Opposition leaders now complain of having virtually no way to communicate with supporters, while reports on Government policies and programs are available in half a dozen daily newspapers and the President can be seen nightly on the television news.
Don't back off,'' he says.
(For each lottery dollar added, a tax dollar is subtracted.)
''The clubs that are out of it set up everything they have for the contenders,'' Davey Johnson said.
It was in some ways a propitious time for the artist to pass from the scene.
Was Mr. Buchanan an anti-Semite?
Asked if his goal was to remove that Government, he replied: ''Well, remove it in the sense of its present structure, in which it is a Communist totalitarian state, and it is not a Government chosen by the people.''
The arch was used only as a secondary precaution.
Simon Harling and Sally Amster (A. M. Sachs Gallery, 980 Madison Avenue, at 77th Street) Niched in the former Sotheby-Parke Bernet building, the A. M. Sachs Gallery has a doubleheader show in which two strikingly dissimilar approaches to landscape painting confront one another.
The Dow Jones industrial average fell 7.18 points, to close at 1,265.13, snapping a seven-day streak that saw the blue-chip indicator inch its way higher in erratic fashion.
But United will have to be patient.
That could undermine West German deployment, conditional on Benelux participation.
The first visitors were often members of groups invited by the Chinese Government, and were largely people who were intrigued by China's economic system, its philosophy and its medical and educational facilities.
Other retail establishments in London that have become must stops for American travelers include Turnbull & Asser, the elegant men's-wear store; Scotch House, with its fine-quality knitwear and authentic tartans, and the Marks & Spencer retail chain, which sells almost everything at ''reasonable'' prices.
In his discussion of the need to democratize the division of labor in the household, for instance, he finds himself at a loss when confronted with the ''women who defend an inegalitarian family.''
The radiant, dazzling scan of Venice in the 1955 ''Summertime,'' a compelling romantic drama with Katharine Hepburn and Rossano Brazzi, won director David Lean an award from the New York Film Critics.
The sentencing judge expressed hope that there, at least, Mr. Gosso would be the better for discipline and vocational training.
Advocates of homosexual rights say AIDS has become a buzzword that will be raised time and again to defeat their cause.
It was the dance of the 1930's and the 1940's.
b-Including a gain of $1,603,000 on the sale of land and a building by the company's English subsidiary.
It is his first appearance in the United States since his American debut on the same stage in 1962.
This would be more than twice the length of the Chinese Wall, ''because everything's big in Texas,'' Mr. Parsons said.
But perhaps no one would want her because she was on the small side.
There are 750 club members, the overwhelming number Long Islanders, but Dick Zausner said that some parents will drive their children as many as two hours, one way, for a training session here.
Red Cross ambulances and relief workers have also been kept away by Shiite fighters, so that it is difficult to assess the extent of the bloodshed.
What will happen to the glass?
Complacency is not at the root of her recent defeats.
Early in 1984 - a year that saw company operations return to profitability - GAF's stock sold as low as 15.
From the first whisper that a contract was being put out to bid, I scanned local papers for information about it.
My former husband and I used to play a game called Trivia Quiz.
The boy's father threw the motor bike into their pond as soon as they got home from the emergency room.
Because teams in the N.F.L.
In any case, the popularity of compact disks grows rapidly, with manufacturing plants unable to keep up with the demand.
'Determinate sentencing can bring uniformity and predictability to the sentencing process.
What's more, mainlining water can kill.
The bankruptcy judge, Warren W. Bentz, filed the order in a two-paragraph statement accompanied by a 39-page opinion in the Federal court in Erie, Pa. ''The court is not unmindful that rejection will entail short-term sacrifice on the part of employees,'' Judge Bentz wrote, ''but, in the long run, they will benefit by a successful reorganization and a stable wage rate.
Lester W. Jargowsky, director of the Monmouth County Health Department, said in an interview last week that raw sewage had drifted ashore to southern Monmouth beaches either from the old sewage-treatment plants in the area or from the sewage sludge dump site 12 miles east of Sandy Hook.
Particularly its children - sometimes predators, sometimes prey - need to be moved out.
''I don't think I'm handling the pressure very well,'' she said.
Told that Whitson said his arm felt fine, Martin responded: ''Now his arm is all right?
Metropolitan New York City will pay off virtually all of its Federally guaranteed debt next month, ending a chapter of the municipal fiscal crisis of the 1970's, city officials announced.
And to handle something like this, it's mind boggling.''
''That's Norwegian salmon in particular,'' the Mayor said.
Nevertheless, over the last few weeks the Administration itself has done a number of things that seem clearly to run counter to ''constructive engagement'': * President Reagan signed a bill that included a ban on the sale of computers to the South African police.
''Warm weather can be lethal for the hair, too,'' says the hair expert Philip Kingsley.
The increasing pace of industrial change can't mean shorter and shorter calculations for fast profits.
Italian investigators believe the terrorist attacks on the airports here and in Vienna were planned in Beirut and partly coordinated in Switzerland.
There are plans to build 25 to 35 centers in major cities in the next five years, as well as mini-centers in hotel chains.
I have just asked the Registrar's Office to repeat the inquiry and they report precisely the same percentage this year in the college at large and in the entering class.
It may indeed happen, but presently it's just against my, I can't fathom it.
In the second half, Dobbs Ferry broke the game open on three Costello touchdown runs.
* Western Union Corp. said its Easylink electronic-mail system would be connected with a British system in the first interconnection of public electronic-mail services in the United States with services in another country.
This was a shrewd decision, for if he had bid three clubs, South would have doubled for take-out and North would have passed for penalties.
But knowing what the frenzy of first nights is like, I easily forgive him.
They would then have to show it was responsible for each woman's specific problem.
The last few members of the front-office staff were waiting to board the flight, and to close out a road trip that had started in Chicago Thursday night and had apparently ended abruptly in Montreal when the players went on strike and went home Tuesday.
Pseudolus's schemes turn Mr. Bartlett's Hysterium into a crescendo of high-pitched, hand-wringing nervous energy.
Johnson Controls Inc., an electronic instruments company based in Milwaukee, said yesterday that it had agreed to acquire Hoover Universal Inc., a diversified manufacturing concern, in a transaction valued at about $490 million.
For instance, Mr. Puglisi said, some have said the state could use a heliport.
But we don't have Bruce Sutter.''
The Irish, needing only a tie tonight to finish ahead of Rumania for second place in that group and gain a spot in Mexico, got three key saves from their 40-year-old goalie, Pat Jennings.
Craig Heath Nim's Mephistopheles had the stature, the look and the gesture, but Gounod has given him some of this opera's most original and striking melodic writing and Mr. Nim's bass never quite had the breadth and agility to encompass it.
Gary Dotson, imprisoned for six years for a rape his former accuser now says never happened, is hesitant about taking a polygraph test, his attorney says.
In that case everything would have hinged on West's ability to find an inspired shift to diamonds.
By a vote of 62 to 51, the legislators rejected a motion by four Orthodox religious parties to redefine who is a Jew.
Sixty-eight degrees takes its time coming and when it does, only a few flies fall on the river.
To the best of his knowledge, he added, this potential problem is well understood in the executive branch and great conservatism has always been shown in heightening states of alert.
I shouldn't have done it.''
Despite his railing at the vestiges of British colonialism, Mr. Burnham was a heavy smoker of John Player Specials cigarettes.
Nine people identified as South African refugees were shot and killed early today when raiders, said to have come from South Africa, attacked two homes in Maseru, the capital of neighboring Lesotho.
The touching inscriptions woven into many of the rugs expressing supplications for remembrance, celebrations of life or commemoration in death extend our understanding of the traditions of their weavers.''
Wynegar said Martin called ''once every 15 minutes or so'' and he described Martin's manner as ''very gentlemanlike.''
Similar threats have been used by foreign investors lobbying against the repeal of tax provisions that encourage investments in heavy industry.
The Internal Revenue Service operates a telephone assistance program to answer taxpayer inquiries about Federal income tax returns.
''That,'' he would say later, ''was the only time all night I hit the ball hard.''
American Express announced the resignation of Sanford I. Weill as president, after months of rumors that he was dissatisfied.
A currently popular definition holds that its purpose is to teach values, critical thinking and respect for cultural diversity.
The announcement here Wednesday that Gulfstream and Hialeah Park had agreed not to fight over winter dates for the next two years was surprising, and suggests that the two tracks are so tired of court battles that they may finally stop fighting.
This method of food preparation has even been given a name: step cooking.
The second bill continues the financing of Government agencies through Dec. 12.
They are sold under such brand names as Razor Wire and Razor Ribbon.
Two weeks after he died, Miss Van Nostrand played in a college tournament.
But the legislators contend that Reagan Administration officials frequently have refused to enforce such laws until, and sometimes long after, the courts have ordered them to do so.
On Saturday and Sunday, she will appear in a gymnastics exhibition at Madison Square Garden as part of the first Big Apple Sports Festival.
Officials acknowledge that few Palestinians who do not have links with the P.L.O.
Last year, they also took in a slew of works by artists of more established standing, among them Bonnard, Picasso, Franz Kline and Wilhelm de Kooning.
Maki-e specialists sprinkle gold dust from pencil-thin bamboo tubes on wet lacquer drawings.
The standard for clock time is the resonant frequency of the cesium atom, while solar time is based on the earth's rate of rotation.
The concerts have already generated $7 million in ticket sales, and more in broadcast rights fees, which alone will cover the $4 million cost of putting on the concerts.
Codd, Edward F., Indian Hills H.S.
The shows were invariably hits.
In the old days, recalls Sylvia Cash, a secretary at the law firm of Latham, Watkins & Hill and president of Professional Secretaries International, ''You could not make a typo on a will.
Mr. Jumblat holds the ministerial portfolios of Tourism, Transportation and Public Works in what is called the ''Government of National Unity'' and is thus responsible for the airport.
Federal guidelines allow a 20 percent margin of error in labeling, which means that the calorie count on a package of diet food has all the accuracy of a scale that reads ''135 - give or take a few.''
The fragrance of expensive perfume hung in the air and there was a rustle of silks and taffettas.
''I am convinced,'' Mr. Gorbachev said in an interview with Pravda, ''that a serious impulse should be given to Soviet-American relations at a high political level.''
The puck zipped between Vanbiesbrouck's legs, nicking off the inside of his left pad.
That hot sultry part of the summmer called the dog days, when Sirius, the Dog Star, rises with the sun, is over.
The prisoners were taken by police vans to the central booking facility for Brooklyn, at the 84th Precinct at 301 Gold Street, and were to be arraigned in Criminal Court in Brooklyn.
Injuries to Pitchers Earlier this month, injuries to the staff forced Martin to consider Shirley for his first start of the season.
A graduate of Heidelberg College, he received a master's degree in theological studies from the Episcopal Divinity School in Cambridge, Mass., and a Master of Fine Arts degree from the University of Iowa.
PEKING may be bitten from the end.
It added, in part, ''We want to hear your concerns and invite you to share in the dialogue with the President.''
But nothing he has tried has been so ambitious as his bid to introduce civility and regularity into the way that political power is used.
Olympic Invitational meet at the Byrne Meadowlands Arena.
The Founders Ball, as it was called, celebrated the 75th anniversary of the founding of the hospital at Rockefeller University, which specializes in medical research.
The council is a non-government group set up 12 years ago to promote commerce between the United States and the Soviet Union.
''It also had no foreknowledge of the Lebanese counterterrorist action mentioned in the article,'' the statement said.
ON the evening of Nov. 14, while I was routinely checking references in the Bodleian Library at Oxford, I came across an item I did not recognize, a poem attributed to William Shakespeare, with the first line ''Shall I die?
He left the vial on a tray and departed.
But Charles Piazza, a vice president with the Williams Real Estate Company, said that when he tried to put together several condominium deals for printers in Manhattan, none of them worked.
What bodily secretions carry the AIDS virus?
Credit cards: American Express, Carte Blanche, Diners' Club, MasterCard, Visa.
Revenues climbed to $2.6 billion from $2.4 billion.
''This is an easy one tonight,'' Bill Walter said as his broom glided easily through the western end of the arena, pushing only a few lonely-looking cups and napkins after a Knick game last week.
On Tuesday the Idaho Republican finally succeeded in getting his proposal through the Senate as a separate bill.
Maryland 64 Wake Forest 62 WINSTON-SALEM, N.C. (AP) - Four free throws in the final 10 seconds preserved the Atlantic Coast Conference victory.
With the shift to a later hour, the show will be able to capitalize on its adult appeal and develop themes aimed at women.
The academies were highly selective of the women that entered, the women succeeded there and it only gives them an added quality now.''
He will remain in the hospital, probably for two nights, and will rejoin the team in Anaheim, Calif., Wednesday or Thursday.
She was, at various times in her career, the lover of Nietzsche and Rilke, a student of Freud, and a psychoanalyst of note.
It said it would be getting an infusion of $31 million in outside financing.
One Wall Street arbitrager said that the ''big rumor'' throughout the day was that Procter & Gamble was getting ready to make a bid.
Other Cases on Tap, U.S. Says On July 25, the day the Government gave up its effort to indict him, Government officials said the embezzlement case was not the only one the Government was pursuing.
The New York Times passes along the prosecutors' smirking: ''The Justice Department is beginning to say we told you so.''
Rhododendron trees exploded with red, pink and white blossoms.
The average share lost two cents.
Markets Stocks edged higher as investors seemed reluctant to commit themselves ahead of today's expirations of index options and futures.
''It wouldn't be realistic to expect to see a profit this soon,'' said Mark W. Hopp, chairman of City Business and its parent company, MCP Inc., which has invested ''several'' million dollars in the venture.
The City Council signed documents Thursday night outlining the city's agreement to provide millions of dollars worth of incentives, including more than $775 million in tax-exempt revenue bonds.
[July 31] rightly notes the confusion we have about what constitutes a hero today.
For example, in the first quarter, the flash was 2.1 percent.
Even before the court decision, the campaign for a doctrine of comparable worth was shifting from courtrooms to the collective bargaining table, where labor and management negotiate wages and working conditions.
''You know Ruth wants to play,'' I said.
The fourth youth, Barry Allen, 18, of 1372 Washington Avenue, was released from Bellevue on Monday.
Israelis Suspect Shiites Israeli military sources said the attackers were believed to have been from the Shiite Amal militia, which has declared war on the security zone as well as on the Christian-dominated and Israeli-backed South Lebanon Army.
Schwartz replaced them with five brand-new ones, which she covered with glitter and epoxy.
The European team will be captained by Tony Jacklin of Britain and the United States team by Lee Trevino.
The Government maintains that the steady growth of British trade with its partners in the European Economic Community is such that the ports will continue to be important, especially on runs to places like Ostend in Belgium or the Hook of Holland that are relatively far from the proposed link, which will run across to Calais from a point between Dover and Folkstone.
Both Republicans and Democrats as well as the White House did not want the President to leave for Geneva Saturday with a major fiscal crisis at home.
The mystery is why the credits for the film, which was written by Frank Cucci, fail to mention the name of the original author.
Tomczak recovered the ball, but the 9-yard loss spoiled Ohio State's chance for a field goal, and Tomczak's fourth-down pass fell incomplete at the 34.
They were not, however, an average family, and their case has stirred a public debate with national implications.
They said the Cubs wilted in the sun, their biorhythms were awry, they were at a disadvantage in trying to adjust to night games on the road.
They will also be able to give preventative and restorative treatment to the patients, rather than the rushed and limited care given now, he said.
Rate for a one-bedroom unit for seven days is $450.
People grappled in the streets with knives and daggers and set fire to homes and businesses.
He won his original 160 acre homestead in a drawing for returning G.I.s after World War II.
This is done with full recognition that each person is entitled to his pride and that the best help is one that offers a way to help yourself.
Mr. Brody said that his exchange's clearinghouse agreed to give the receivers $9.2 million and Volume Investors gave $2.6 million in cash and a note for $4.1 million, which Comex accepted, to settle the matter.
You couldn't say there was pain on his face but you could say there was chagrin, the embarrassment an athlete feels when his body betrays him.
Tall sizes are 15 1/2 in a 35 sleeve to 18 1/2-37, with some in the fitted, European cut; the big sizes are 17 1/2-33 through a 20 neck with a 35 sleeve.
Seven mid-rise buildings will be devoted to corporate office space and three will be single-story flex structures suitable for such uses as offices, distribution, warehousing, research and computing.
Robert M. Hayes had spent most of last Thursday at Camp La Guardia, the city shelter for 1,000 homeless men, when he returned to his office at the Coalition for the Homeless late in the afternoon to find ''the usual 60 or so phone messages.''
In a series of White House meetings with special interest groups and in speeches across the country, Mr. Reagan has promoted the plan as one that would iron out complexities in the tax system, make it more equitable and dramatically lower marginal tax rates without a loss in Federal revenue.
As he doodled on paper, his thoughts drifted off and finally fastened on the steps of a tractor that a co-worker had designed.
RCA owns NBC and five television stations.
This time, I felt great.''
Legislators returning from the August recess said they had heard much more from their constituents about the jobs lost to foreign competition than they did about President Reagan's tax revision plan.
But later Cooney started listening to John Lennon's ''Watching the Wheels Go Round and Round,'' which says you don't have to play the game, you don't have to be what others expect you to be.
A State Department spokesman said 8 to 12 men in a van opened fire on a group of people in a restaurant near the United States Ambassador's residence.
In the waning moments of the 6-5 overtime loss to Los Angeles Saturday, Bourne dived to swat away a loose puck.
Among other things, some noncommercial stations told the commission that they feared the implications of losing an audience, and some local commercial stations said they feared outbreaks of bidding wars for programs.
''I've been there twice, he's been there once, in 1979, but I feel both of us are qualified of different perspectives to discuss it.
Still, Mr. Duncan is optimistic, noting that many service-sector bankruptcies occurred among small companies formed during post-recession years - 1983 or later.
''Based on experience so far in the 1980's, this would no longer appear to be the case.''
For one thing, the series is filled with music, with extended excerpts from the composer's repertory sung in the original Italian and taken from recordings featuring such artists as Renata Tebaldi, Maria Callas, Luciano Pavarotti and Birgit Nilsson.
''It's a very tough game,'' said Harvey P. Eisen, president of Integrated Asset Management, a New York-based firm that manages $500 million for individuals and institutions.
In west central Georgia, not far from Franklin Delano Roosevelt's retreat at Warm Springs, is Callaway Gardens (404-663-2281), a 2,500-acre outdoor recreation and resort complex at Pine Mountain, in the low rolling hills of the southern Appalachians.
In the beginning, Mr. Crowell's garden soil was almost pure beach sand.
Or perhaps now is the time to do something really racy, like going to see ''Oh, Calcutta!''
IN fact, some experts who closely follow the oil patch wars say that the debt - about 43 percent of capitalization - had made Tenneco an unlikely takeover target.
Players whose employment predated the association receive smaller pensions.
''Our job is to give it a coherent architectural and decorative atmosphere,'' Mr. Hampton said.
But taking as a guide an Italian dish in which chopped, blanched escarole is tossed with garlic and butter, the romaine was chopped, dropped into boiling water, drained, shocked under cold water and then reheated with leeks wilted in butter.
[In Washington, the State Department denounced South Africa for using force to block the protest march and for officially banning the black students' organization.
Gencorp Inc., the tire, broadcasting and aerospace company, yesterday named its president, A. William Reynolds, to the added post of chief executive officer, effective Aug. 1.
I think it was this memory in later years, when I came at last to Italian experiences, that made me respond so warmly to the massive stones in the gaunt facades of beautiful Florentine palazzos.
But more than that can cause irritability, shakiness and even dependence.''
With Billy Smith, another veteran, struggling after allowing Buffalo seven goals Saturday night, it may be time for Arbour to break his rotation and give Hrudey more work.
But it warned against ''a regression into the old era,'' referring to the pre-Chun days as a period when politics was ''characterized by corruption, demagoguery, violence and intrigue.''
There is also a large gilt mirror over the fireplace; he discovered it under a tarpaulin in the basement.
(Television - WTBS 10:30 P.M.) Boxing Willie Edwards, champion, vs. Anthony Witherspoon, 12 rounds for the North American Boxing Federation light-heavyweight title at the Sands Hotel and Casino, Atlantic City.
Miller also sponsored concerts at 80 college campuses this spring, providing all the financing needed to produce and promote them.
If they don't shore up their pass defense, the Dolphins could lose to anybody, even the Lions, who beat the 49ers last week, 23-21.
If ''some people want to defect from one group to another,'' he said, ''that's their business, and any U.N. forces or outsiders should not be punished.''
The game drew a crowd of 16,033, the first weekday opening sellout in Pittsburgh's 19-year history.
Reagan Reiterates Belief The argument that lower tax rates result in higher revenue, by stimulating the economy and increasing the incomes that are taxed, has been a cornerstone of the President's economic policies, and he reiterated that belief to members of Congress this morning.
They offer little in the way of true wilderness.
Now, despite the cancellation of the pomp and circumstance that would have visited Monday with yet another inaugural parade, the outlook for Pennsylvania Avenue, in every sense Washington's great boulevard, is better than it has been in a generation.
Mr. Pendry was given a New York City flag by Parks Commissioner Henry J. Stern, delivering the official welcome on behalf of Mayor Koch.
''There's not much to work with.''
At 12:43, the men from Empire declared that the large safe was ready.
Instead, she walked over to the window sill, felt the soil in the snake plant and opened the windows with a long wooden pole.
The warning from the San Francisco Fed indicated that Canadian Commercial's California subsidiary had amassed huge losses on loans to oil drillers.
In front of the Ministry of the Interior he has hung an enormous poster that proclaims the ministry ''Guardian of the People's Happiness.''
Yesterday the workers called a strike for Sunday.
c-After losses from discontinued operations of $1,029,000 for the quarter and $545,000 for the year.
A month's stay ranges from $1,040 to more than $1,900, not including accommodations.
''But I suspect that there's also a consensus for doing something afterwards.''
I told Frank Cashen, let's send him out of here tonight and then do it in the morning.
And they have been toppled by Medicus Intercon International, which acquired the ADA Group in London, pushing its worldwide billings to a projected 1985 figure of $160 million from $136 million last year.
My nemesis, though, was the poor condition of some of the bikes; twice in the middle of nowhere the too-loose chains slipped off the gears, requiring greasy on-the-spot repairs.
Lenny Wilkens, the Seattle general manager, also signed the agreement, which includes an option year.
Environmental Influences The idea from the beginning was to look at environmental influences on M.S., a different tack than much of the present research, which looks at the disease as a viral phenomenon.
At the end of the half, assets stood at $15.7 billion, up from $13.7 billion at the end of last year, and total capital had risen to $516.7 million, from $460.2 million.
He reached through the window, purchased four hot dogs.
He looks like Fred Astaire back there.
Rabbi David Straus performed the ceremony at the Tavern on the Green in Manhattan.
But for every job that such projects have created, he said, there are thousands of unemployed Indians in Flagstaff.
The first thing to do would be to study similar book sales to learn how they work and what problems they have encountered.
Her husband died in 1958.
What relationships communal Catholics decide to maintain with the church, or to forgo, will be a critical development for the social history of American Catholicism in the late 20th century.
Phono cartridges sharing Grand Prix recognition include Bang & Olufsen's MMC-1.
Besides, other than Martin and Lewis, I can't think of a single team that has been helped by splitting up.''
I need my own catcher.'
* 8* 6 20 BREAKING WITH MOSCOW, by Arkady N. Shevchenko.
In his introduction to the indispensable catalogue, he writes that ''much of the work in this exhibition and catalogue manifests a rather agreeable updating of tradition and a modernism without the 'sting.'
The committee brought together representatives of the old Bronx establishment of merchants, landlords and bankers, like Mr. Waltemade, and the new leadership emerging from the slums of the South Bronx.
As usual, he summed it up in a phrase: ''The Constitution protects people, not places.''
Only one of them mentioned an actor associated with the theater.
''They are usually higher paying than traditional 'women's' jobs.''
Yet there are two premieres on the program in addition to an earlier excerpt - and the second new work carries on too long in a self-imposed restricted movement range for us to keep appreciating the value of dancing that seemed so original an hour before.
All are growing well but I understand that the roots of walnuts emit a toxin harmful to plants.
One of the semifinal matches in the Grand National Team Championship, played Sunday at the Cavendish Club, was among the closest ever played on such an occasion: after each quarter the score was in single figures.
Followed Dan Devine Faust succeeded Dan Devine as Notre Dame's 24th head coach on Nov. 24, 1980.
Many French officials concede it has earned a reputation for strong-arm tactics.
About 25 of the buyers are of Asian descent.
But the malaise goes deeper, touching the nerves of a white society that has long abdicated any responsibility for the doings of its leaders.
In this case, the grand jury will be asked to determine if the evidence presented against Mr. Goetz is sufficient to vote charges of attempted murder.
James Dunne of Dean Witter Reynolds added, ''It's very obvious Mr. Heineman wants to sell Northwest Industries.''
But consumers seem to trust the magazine, and a full-time staff of four answers nearly 40,000 requests for information each year.
''They were not really interested in listening to the long list of horrors that could happen to'' them, Dr. DeVries said.
Of the voices in this debate, Mr. Falwell's is the most embarrassing.
''There's always hitting on both sides of the ball, 120 percent out of each player,'' he said.
He hopes the building can reopen before the year ends.
But Koch administration officials later acknowledged that the issue had come up at City Council hearings on the bill.
The National Party also retained control in Bethlehem, in the Orange Free State, but again with a greatly reduced majority.
For years it has been a favorite joke among weary air travelers in the Southeast: When you die, they say, you do not go directly to heaven or hell.
He added that the test results would only be made available to the students, their parents and school officials.
Miami's deputy city attorney, A. Quinn Jones, said, ''We do not agree with their interpretation.''
The discount airlines do not pose the only threat on the horizon.
''For me,'' said Merrill, ''he's made enough progress to rate as a prospect.
Mr. Alfonsin, who, according to his aides, runs basically a one-man show, has before him the daunting tasks of reversing four decades of economic instability and winning the military's backing.
They first obtained a restraining order blocking Mr. Gourary from any further sales - a remedy unavailable in Jewish law.
And in first-round play in soccer, the United States defeated France, 1-0.
The listings above are based on computer-processed sales figures from 2,000 bookstores in every region of the United States, statistically adjusted to represent sales in all bookstores.
But the few questioning Chatham kids were quite different from those Komsomol kids in Moscow - and from most of their peers in Chatham - for their heroes included more than models of toughness.
They turned from marathons to triathlons.
But passers-by still get into disconcerting debates with the peddlers over battered and wilted mushrooms that are not clearly recognizable.
The Giants played in zone coverages about 75 percent of the time; man-to-man, with Elvis Patterson and Perry Williams on Green and Tilley, the rest of the time.
But Bramble was a cantankerous old valetudinarian, and contemporary visitors are more likely to sympathize with his niece, Lydia Melford, to whose wide eyes Bath appeared ''an earthly paradise,'' with new buildings looking ''like so many enchanted castles, raised on hanging terraces.''
The menu changes daily, but there is always roast duck ($16.95) and frequently fresh rabbit ($15.95).
Prince Albert also opted for protective coloring at Balmoral -grays with red, imitating the granite of the mountains beloved of his wife, Queen Victoria.
Moorgate in London is now billing about $6 million and has 41 employees in its five operating units.
She thinks fast on her feet.
I did not want to repeat the experience.
On the other hand, this kind of work could never be acceptable in Balanchine's own company.
Then two more policemen confronted the mud and the barrier, and for a moment they hesitated.
Prime Minister Shimon Peres of Israel met today with President Reagan and said afterward that Israel was prepared to take ''bold steps'' in the Middle East and extend ''the hand of peace'' to Jordan.
Handsome, shorter than average and sturdily built, he has created what is said to be a fortune through his dealings - and has worked with equal determination to win a place in the high society worlds of art collecting and dance theater.
has also spent tens of millions of dollars on advertising and is giving qualifying dealers a rebate of $250 on each machine, which would give them an incentive to lower the price further.
New Jersey, completing a sweep of its three-game series this season with the Maple Leafs, held a 32-25 shots advantage.
The Hurricanes are ranked sixth nationally, but Barker feels ready for them.
Mr. Reynolds is an important figure, more important than his title.
As expected, Mayor Koch won a third term overwhelmingly by carrying every Assembly district in New York City.
The retrospective continues Sunday at 2 P.M. with what the museum says is the New York theatrical premiere of Alfred Hitchcock's rarely seen ''Downhill,'' from 1927.
The agreement came after two G.E.
Just as Japanese officials have studied American business practices to see how they could be applied here, Mr. Mori is looking overseas for some answers to his problems.
Its last agency, but only briefly, was Hill, Holliday, Connors, Cosmopulos, and before that it was Ingalls Associates.
All figures are in U.S. dollars.
borrowed more than it lent out.
The costs are staggering and we just can't afford to be grandmother's attic.
Miss Bombeck was visiting from Paradise Valley, Ariz., to tape a segment on dieting for ''Good Morning, America'' on ABC-TV.
Not an easy thing to become.
The new test was approved by the United States Food and Drug Administration on March 2 and is already being used in blood banks throughout the world.
Or they can send the money to a Japanese exporter in return for products to be imported to the United States.
For this result, labor must be given great credit for perception and willingness to participate in the recovery process, and richly deserves the two places on Conrail's board reserved for it under the public-sale plan put together by Morgan Stanley.
Without their star center controlling the puck and manning the power play, the Islanders fell behind early by three goals, surrendered two short-handed goals and lost to the Flyers this afternoon, 5-3.
As internal unrest continued, it sent 500 soldiers into southern Angola in what it called a pre-emptive strike against rebels fighting its fiefdom, South-West Africa.
The gun is fired from the shoulder or hip and has an effective range of between 55 and 110 yards.
''He was one of the last of the great European star cantors,''the dean of the institute, Rabbi Morton Leifman, said yesterday.
Diaz, however, allowed no such thoughts to darken his colt's victory.
Miss Schuster is also the founder of the Ridgefield Civic Ballet.
But Mr. Meehan reports to David L. Gunn, the Transit Authority president, on policy matters.
He said, ''The policy implies that the revenue-raising efforts of our state governments play second fiddle to countries beyond our borders.''
The tours, leaving Charlottetown, Prince Edward Island, on March 1, March 5 and March 11, are priced at $1,800 a person in double occupancy; the price includes lodgings, most meals, the cruise, helicopter flights and sightseeing.
Sets begin at 10 and 11:45 P.M. and 1:30 A.M. tonight and tomorrow; 10, 11:30 and 1 A.M. Sunday.
about Mr. Creighton, he would have been dead Wednesday morning.''
It was character, that catchall phrase for ego, judgment, ambition, morality, whatever it is that makes a man tick in a certain way.
After Alexander M. Haig Jr. turned out to be less than the kind of team player President Reagan wanted, however, Shultz was quickly called in - and the old rivalry flared.
As for Mr. Zegarelli's assertion that the company was withholding information, Mr. Bergman said: ''We've filed extensive reports with two agencies.
Only welfare had made it possible to leave him, a move she says was like being born again, ''as a human being this time.''
These Indians are called Wolaways, or flat heads, and owe their name to the shape of their heads.
Yet with hindsight it is clear that ''Queen Kelly'' was doomed by a force far more potent than the clash between the director's unsavory palette and the offended sensibility of its star.
George Ball, president of Prudential-Bache, is reading the Peters book, a sequel to the best seller, ''A Search for Excellence,'' because ''everyone else is going to read it and I should be able to talk about it too.''
On Aug. 9 an article on the Washington Talk page told the story of thick, chewy bread with a crunchy crust that was shipped here each week from A & B Bakery in Hoboken, N.J., and avidly consumed by Washingtonians.
But also like Japan, South Korea has built a thriving economy on hard work, a high savings rate and exports to richer nations.
Donohue, also a former Tennessee player, had been Alabama's defensive assistant for 20 years.
Mr. Breger, a 39-year-old native New Yorker, is on leave from the New York Law School faculty.
His last book, ''Winter Quarters: George Washington at Valley Forge,'' was published in 1974.
The wedding is planned for August.
At one moment he considers the connection between a clerical ''dog collar'' and ancient superstitions about spelling the name of God backward; at another, he describes Tourette's syndrome (a medical condition in which the patient is unable to stop swearing - most of us are likely to have come across untreated cases from time to time).
To handle its business, the Greenwich, Conn., company - long known as ''Big Brown'' because of its oversized brown delivery vans - taps a vast network: It has 46,000 vans and tractor trailers, roughly 50,000 drivers, and some 71 company-owned aircraft, including 6 Boeing 747's.
*3*** COMPANY REPORTS ** View Full Article in Timesmachine »
Comments like these, which some black players took to have racial connotations, will give Houston extra incentive to catch the little fella.
So the specialist in every subject began to worry.
The book was widely praised for both its scholarship and readability.
Efforts to find a political settlement, including the withdrawal of Soviet troops, have been conducted under United Nations auspices, but have produced no agreement.
And there is no conceivable justification for this intrusion into the Constitutional rights of these women.''
Other interpretations of the Jewish experience under Moslem domination are given greater relevance by his looking at its evolution in terms of Islam's own distinctive chronology.
Mr. Lekberg said the corn had already been purchased and that there was little, if any, incentive to buy corn today.
Federal District Judge Charles E. Stewart, who heard the case without a jury, also convicted Mr. Winans's two associates: Kenneth P. Felis, a former stockbroker at Kidder, Peabody & Company, and David J. Carpenter, Mr. Winans's longtime roommate and a former news clerk for The Journal.
''I would like the violence,'' he said, ''especially the American-Israeli violence to end against my people so we can carry on with the peace process.''
Peter Saenger, another potter who is returning, acknowledged that because the CraftMarket had a good reputation, competition for the limited space made it difficult to be represented every year.
I also tell the musicians that I want this music to swing, even if it doesn't have a standard sort of be-bop swing.
Finally, I chose Mr. because I was not sure that you would accept the old Socialist appellation or references to old slogans such as 'workers of the world' or 'international solidarity' that obligate Socialists.
With a five-year record of 30-24-1, Faust's chances of returning for a sixth season plummeted last week when Penn State routed the Irish (4-5), 36-6.
From then on, Mr. Moffat's dignified body stiffens and his grizzled face drains of color, as if Larry were realizing Hickey's own wish of frying in the electric chair.
The work's young creators - the composer Michael Rupert, the librettist Jerry Colker, the director Andrew Cadiff and the choreographer Don Bondi - have attempted to create a new musical- theater form that can encompass both the performance style and underlying psychodynamics of hard-edged contemporary humor.
Question: We are going to the Scandinavian countries on June 25 for 19 days and want to know the temperature range in that period.
Avianca, the Colombian national airline, and two cargo airlines have agreed to fly the donations to Colombia free, Mrs. Sanchez said.
''It was thought out before we approached Joe on it,'' Callahan said.
I accepted the necessity of learning, as Du Bois wrote in ''The Souls of Black Folk'' in 1903, to judge and think and feel in two colors.
The union said the two were shop stewards who had been dismissed without reason and called for their immediate reinstatement.
The aircraft did not leave Egyptian air space until mid- to late afternoon.
The burly 6-foot-6-inch senior hit a layup on a pass from Ernie Lewis with 34 seconds remaining in overtime last night to give Providence a 77-75 victory over Seton Hall in the opener of the Big East tournament at Madison Square Garden.
In fact, he noted, Roosevelt did remake the Court, producing a pro-New Deal majority after several Justices retired or died.
Since January, that plant went into a period of serious introspection.
''The purpose is not to spend but to derive.''
But the irony for the Steelers is that if they are to win, they must stop this streetcorner-smart Pittsburgh guy who got away.
to announce serious sales incentives right around the corner.''
There are about 75 different Bordeaux, 15 or 20 of them available by the glass.
Finally, cash prizes, plaques and public screenings are awaiting winners of the Suffolk County Film and Video Competition.
These processes are unique to the winter sleep of bears, which by any reasonable definition is hibernation.
But there has been great speculation as to whether he will run late this year in a scheduled election for President, and in the tavern he was suddenly speaking with relish about what he called his ''hypothetical'' campaign.
I let Ralph Smith start at setter until it was obvious that Jeff was the better player.
Few dispute that credibility was lost, if not because of the loss of Vietnam then because the United States seemed deeply divided and turning inward.
One joke making the rounds here and in Houston warns about the danger of ''neutron'' buildings: They kill the developer and the lender, but the structure remains intact.
They want us to stay in the background and come out only to deliver votes.
The Cubs have stayed in their dive, too, losing three straight in St. Louis over the weekend before heading home to confront the Mets.
He was 61 years old and lived in Morris Township, N.J. As president, he was instrumental in making the Federal Home Loan Bank the lead bank in originating and servicing loans made by the Agency for International Development's housing guarantee program for developing nations.
It is perhaps easier to capitalize on public naivete than to educate and legislate responsibly.
Other parts of the package were proclaimed in an Economy Ministry communique and in more than 20 decrees issued by the President's office.
Bishop Malone, president of the National Conference of Catholic Bishops, said there were extreme conditions that would warrant an end to mandatory celibacy for priests.
Those with fireplaces should take care to keep greenery decorations away from the opening.
Others in the industry cite the company's decades of experience in real estate.
Indeed, Miss Holtzman's reputation as a prosecutor is most likely to be a reflection of her performance in the ''puddles'' of the system, where justice is administered day to day.
Lady Wright is well known to Washington theater audiences, since she frequently acts on the stage as well as raising money for it.
Jeff Lukas paused for a moment and then apologized.
Thomas Schonlebe, countryman, won the 400 meters in 44.96, a meet record.
There, on a miniature landscape, toy soldiers faced each other across a tiny battlefield at the opening of the American Revolution.
One of them said the Government report was a ''political document that does not present a balanced picture of Soviet activities related to arms control agreements.''
Lau paints on Hydro-stone, which he also cuts in low relief to form the rectilinear trees and jagged stones that are his trademark.
But Gooden then went to his celebrated ''heater,'' and struck out seven batters in the final four innings.
Donald Curry, the World Boxing Association and International Boxing Federation welterweight champion, is being touted by his promoters as a future opponent for Marvelous Marvin Hagler, the undisputed middleweight champion.
Gooden soared into national prominence last season when he reached the big leagues at the age of 19 and began striking out batters in record numbers.
But all we have to worry about is one game.
Her father is a statistician for the Food and Drug Administration in Washington.
The Bronx Answer: No, unless the lease has such a stipulation, points out Martin A. Shlufman, deputy counsel for rent administration for the State Division of Housing and Community Renewal.
Mr. Andrews comes by his interest in agriculture naturally.
There are many factors that affect the quality and longevity of dental care, not the least of which is the ability of the dentist.
Founder of Community Group Soon after retiring and moving to Sedona, a rapidly growing resort community of 10,000 residents 30 miles south of Flagstaff, Mr. McGee founded Keep Sedona Beautiful Inc., a group dedicated to insuring planned development of Sedona while assuring the promotion of both human and natural environments.
Lake Country, a 13-to-1 shot, hugged the inside of the turf course every step of the way, and Fell shot her through a tiny opening in midstretch for a half-length victory over Possible Mate.
More troubling is the resistance to the Ethiopians from financially strapped development towns, where many of them are being sent.
Mr. Reagan pledged in the 1980 campaign to abolish the Energy Department to streamline the Federal Government.
The most visible effect in the three years since the basic legislation was passed, some critics have charged, has been the efforts by local assemblies to take over the property of the prefect.
But one evening, when the train halted within site of a hillside war cemetery overlooking Kumchon, site of a major battle involving American troops, one accompanying official spoke as if he, at least, recognized what another war would mean.
Indeed, some senior Arab officials said today that the planned convening of the emergency meeting over the objections of more hard-line nations appeared to have solidified the sharp divisions among Arabs.
Nevertheless, the bill will get a full hearing in the Senate, and the principal reason is that President Reagan has repeatedly emphasized the great importance he places on tax revision.
The only place where people congregated in any numbers was Fifth Avenue.
All week Nancy Lopez had thought she would finally win the Open, the title that has eluded her, the title she needs to emboss her record as the best female golfer of the last decade.
Record-keeping requirements for some taxpayers who drive company cars or drive their own cars on business will be relaxed, the I.R.S.
Now, given both the strength of the American dollar in London and the popularity of the English country-house style, Miss Taylor finds herself much in demand in the United States.
He often talks business with his wife.
(It is difficult to compare this figure with profits of companies that make as well as sell cars.)
Most of the small dry-copying machines produce high-quality reproductions on almost any type of paper in addition to copying pages of bound books and three-dimensional objects.
Mr. Waxman has been generally recognized as one of the first major exponents of California cooking in New York since the opening of Jams a year and a half ago.
Mr. Edwards has acknowledged that the sale of four of the certificates, granted while he was practicing as a lawyer and consultant between his second and third terms, brought him a profit of almost $2 million.
''As far as economic development is concerned, it didn't have too much effect,'' says Edgar Hamasu, deputy director in Honolulu of the State Land and Natural Resources Department, which has jurisdiction over the tiny salt water fish in state waters.
Late Friday, the outstanding three- month issue was bid at about 8.69 percent, while the six-month issue was 8.98 percent.
In addition to tax cuts, Mr. O'Neill proposed putting $20 million from the surplus into a fund that could be used to raise teachers' salaries.
''To make a statement that the fetus feels pain is a totally ridiculous statement,'' said Dr. Edwin C. Myer, chairman of the department of pediatric neurology at the Medical College of Virginia in Richmond.
Francis X. Sheehan, a laboratory technician at the John Jay College of Criminal Justice and a defense expert at the trial, said it was ''critical'' to the defense that Dr.
Their opponent will be the winner of the game in Birmingham Sunday between the Stallions and the Baltimore Stars.
Father Schroth, who is 52, said he would spend his year at St. Peter's teaching writing, conducting faculty reading groups and reading ''The Story of Civilization.''
When a donation of property is made, some special requirements come into play.
Mr. Bach's account begs comparison with David McClintick's ''Indecent Exposure,'' the story of the producer David Begelman's check forgery at Columbia Pictures and the corporate shock waves it produced.
''We're paying taxes and we're paying house notes,'' Mr. Blalock said.
Because of the nearly five-month interval before the meeting, considerable work is expected in Moscow and Washington at looking at such old issues as a complete ban on nuclear explosions, and of possible ratificaton of the previously signed but unratified limited underground nuclear test bans.
After examing him by flashlight, Brigadier Goosen said, Dr. Lang issued a certificate saying the detainee displayed no pathological symptoms.
Index option strike prices are set at five-point intervals.
The charges stemmed from Mr. Dunlap's work with an investment group to buy four North Carolina financial institutions without reporting the acquisitions to Federal regulators.
One competing channel even announced that its main serial would be broadcast each evening after ''Roque Santeiro'' had ended.
''We all knew those were prime conditions for a tornado, but there was no warning,'' said Michael Adams of Niles, a salesman whose apartment was destroyed by the tornado.
TV and Other Products, Too But scores of other Japanese companies, many whose brands have become household names to American consumers, have also made inroads.
The Justice Department, in an April report, said military contract auditors had referred a ''disturbing low'' number of cases for prosecution.
For example, assume that a taxpayer in the 50- percent bracket deducts $15,000 for a painting donated to charity that is subsequently valued at $10,000.
According to the King County Executive, Randy Ravelle, the new lease provides the Mariners with from $10 million to $19 million in financial benefits.
Southeast Asia Organized terrorism has not threatened the stability of most of the nations of Southeast Asia in recent years.
''And since this case largely revolves around questions of law, more so than fact, Judge Stewart's ruling has added significance.''
Schools stifled learning by infusing students with fear, boredom and ''taught confusion,'' he said.
Each station on the subway's 10 lines looks much like all the others.
The House has approved stiff rules for contractors, with the possibility of criminal penalties, while the Senate voted less drastic changes in how the Pentagon does business.
''This is our best effort at resolving our differences and dealing with our problems.
They write about those who, in Miss Welty's words, are repeatedly forced to be ''equal to circumstances.''
* Sued Security Pacific National Bank, Unocal's principal bank, for making loans to Mesa Partners II, led by T. Boone Pickens.
Conversely, loans with lower rates may require payment of more points.
''They don't just stop at the Washington level.
Our reviewer wrote that Mr. Heggen ''hs an eye for the deeper meanings besides a gift for straight storytelling.''
J. Douglas Ousley performed the ceremony.
He set a hearing date for Dec. 18 at the Federal District Court in Manhattan.
I'd like to know whether other people in the class have chicken pox or some other infection that might endanger the child'' with AIDS.
First Time Family Was Together The 80-minute visit represented the first time the entire family had been together since Mr. Mandela was jailed for life 22 years ago, on charges of sabotage and treason.
The former Laker Jamaal Wilkes has four championship rings.
It therefore becomes the engineer's delicate duty to compensate for the change of venue.
It is for want of a rationale for the unsavory, undeclared war against Nicaragua's unpalatable regime.
Miss Hertzson and Melanie Nerenberg led the cast in performances that were poignant but never sentimental.
The rule must be approved by the State Legislature; there are currently no standards for letting such patients die.
The music takes on a jazzier tone, the dancers increasingly jump and turn as they intersect.
''On a scale of 1 to 10, measuring progress from the current system toward an ideal, stable, growth-oriented tax system, the President's plan is probably a 3,'' said John H. Makin, a tax-policy expert at the American Enterprise Institute, a research organization in Washington.
''A Man Like Eva'' is also fiction inspired by fact, in which Eva Mattes, the fine German actress who starred in the late Rainer Werner Fassbinder's ''Jail Bait,'' plays Fassbinder, a male character called Eva within the film, a brilliant, power-obsessed movie director.
says he has other concerns with tax proposal but does not want to dilute his fight on state and local deductions by pressing other issues.
This is one of many unanswered questions.
A similar proposal for a smaller rainy-day fund was placed before Governor Kean and he conditionally vetoed that proposal so it would only have $1 million in it and so that it wouldn't have any of its investment income over time reinvested in it.
Meanwhile, U.S. Steel continued to experience deep losses, and construction costs of the mill had soared.
At the end of the program, the candidate receives either a degree or certificate of higher training.
Village St. Jean This facility, a steep drive up from St. Jean Bay, has 25 rooms, most of them in two-story redwood chalets.
In a telephone interview, Mr. Macfarland said the bank would continue to seek other combinations in New York.
To curb drunkenness, it plans to rush through Parliament legislation, already in effect in Scotland, that bars alcohol on buses going to games and in most areas of soccer stadiums.
As an example of the much-publicized excesses of American undertakers, Dr. Gonzalez-Crussi mentions a drive-in funeral parlor in Louisiana where mourners can view the deceased through two sets of windows.
Mr. Peres said the Pope also would be ''a welcomed guest'' in Israel.
Those people were simply not going out in this rain.
''I have no affinity whatever with Britain, where my ancestors came from, and strongly resent being told by Ms. Poananga where to go.''
McCarron piloted Reigning Countess ($5.20) to a one-length victory in the La Centinala to cap his four-victory day at Santa Anita.
It is giving without conditions, without requirements, with the knowledge that whoever receives this truly needs it, regardless of who they are or what they believe in.''
They are like pictures at an exhibition or cakes in bakery window - there to be admired but not touched.
Thousands of civilians from Karen State in Burma have fled across the Moei River in the last few months to seek refuge in Thailand.
According to officials and diplomats of several countries, this has been largely because they do not wish to quash what they see as a new- found receptiveness to negotiations by Mr. Reagan.
Dependents living on at Fort Campbell would be allowed to remain rent-free for an additional 90 days from the date of the crash.
A tear may be visible from one side of the stamp but not the other, so inspection must be made from the back as well as the front.
The decision coincided with a 60-to-34 Senate vote today confirming Robert K. Dawson, who has sought to reduce Federal regulation of wetlands, to head the Corps of Engineers, which administers the regulations.
The company's complaints had cited property taxes, local electric rates, congested streets and low rail clearances on Conrail's Hudson Division that preclude using three-level rail cars.
Nothing was done to the work after the casting - neither to the surface nor to the edges.
Mr. Reagan was determined to send them military aid, but opposition in the House forced him to accept a compromise that provides only nonmilitary assistance.
Spokesmen for Dr. Hammer said he had asked the town to send him the bill for added security protection required by the royal couple's visit.
Chris Calvin, a boxer from Nashville, says he will continue his career despite the death of his last opponent, Shawn Thomas of Detroit.
''We'll go until we drop,'' the worker promised wearily.
Mr. Burcham's bleeding, which was stemmed by a two-hour operation Monday by Dr. DeVries, showed the doctors the need to find the right level of anticlotting drugs to avert a stroke without risking bleeding, Dr. DeVries said.
None of the officers have been identified.
As the clock was winding down and I watched him hit those shots, I kept asking myself how long do I stay with him.
''Ken was prelaw and talking about law school.
Yet Mohammed is no ordinary farmer.
'Positive News' ''The record $21.75 billion Treasury auction of bonds and notes went better than originally anticipated,'' said Bernard Spilko, managing director of Zurich-based Julius Baer Securities.
The most detailed examination of the comet in this next viewing opportunity is scheduled for Saturday, Sunday and Monday evenings.
The deficit ''threatens to build in financial imbalances that could undermine the capacity to achieve satisfactory, sustainable growth,'' the report said.
Communications Problem ''We're going to be emphasizing how far we've come in the last three-and-a-half years,'' she said, toward building a city structure that ''will serve us well in broadening our economic base and creating job opportunities in the future.''
It was the fifth straight victory and fourth complete game of the season for Rawley.
*3*** COMPANY REPORTS ** View Full Article in Timesmachine »
When the company's sales of telephones unexpectedly slumped in 1983, ITT's chief economist, Karl Mayer, took a stroll down the Avenue of the Americas, checking stores to see what the competition was doing.
If at first you don't succeed, try failing with such a resounding thump that you will be forced to come to your own rescue.
''There's nothing better than the color pink surrounding you,'' said Gerald Blum, executive vice president of the store.
He subsequently became military governor of the Saar Territory and of Lower Bavaria.
Since we cannot constitutionally bar the press from reporting on pending cases, it is unfair to restrict press access to the indictment alone.
Manhattan is such a valuable piece of real estate that if you put up the worst piece of garbage, it would sell.''
A popular gift is ginseng wine, which is delicious though bitter.
Green's 41-yard return of an interception less than two minutes later put the Rams in the lead for good.
Hall officials indicated that they expected the building's design and permission procedure to be completed within a year, with construction to begin then.
Long before taking on its present configuration or name honoring the Olympic athlete Jim Thorpe, the town - originally two towns, Mauch Chunk (Indian for Bear Mountain) and East Mauch Chunk - was regarded as a place worth seeing.
This weekend, the hotel is the site of the second annual meeting of some 200 women from around the country who hold top positions in pharmacy.
More New Jerseyans than New Yorkers walk across the bridge.
It was to have observed the strength, structure, and evolution of magnetic fields in the solar atmosphere.
He likes the rising popularity that irresponsibility has brought, and his partisans pass the word that his seeming lassitude is to avert a rebellion in the labor union elections coming up next month.
Ours is a rather esoteric passion.''
''You expect to make $1,000 to $2,000 capital improvements each year to the house.''
By contrast, that figure was 25 percent in the early 1980's, according to Roger Tuckerman, an executive vice president of the company.
In addition, it listed two that were allowed to reopen after correcting earlier violations, and two that were closed for having failed to do so.
The cast of adults was ably assisted by children from the Ruth Williams Dance Studio, who recited fables between scenes.
Americans' personal income fell 0.5 percent in May, but the decline came from an April figure that was artificially high because of unusual factors.
Bernard Melvin of Evers led all scorers with 34 points.
Throughout the Soviet Union, party meetings report discussing ''personnel policy in the light of the March plenum,'' the secret gathering that elected Mr. Gorbachev leader.
So a blue-capped peacekeeping force is on call, but seldom called.
''Maybe you not like fish guts so much?''
''Convenience,'' said Rob Gregory, striding with purpose down 49th Street as he finished a hot dog.
He knows what he wants, and he's not at all temperamental.''
*3*** COMPANY REPORTS ** View Full Article in Timesmachine »
The project is called ''Brideshead 'Til Dawn,'' and it will start Friday evening at 9 on Channel 13 and roll on until 9:30 the following morning.
Tampa Bay went ahead for the first time in the third quarter, 21-14, when Reaves passed 21 yards to Marvin Harvey, the tight end, for a touchdown.
The first night, Horowitz triumphed, taking the curtain calls and the headlines (''Pianist Causes Furor,'' said one); the next evening, Beecham one-upped him with a post-concert speech of thanks to the audience.
''It's unusual that we're in the third year of an expansion and we have not had a reacceleration of inflation,'' said Joel Popkin, a former assistant commissioner of prices at the Bureau of Labor Statistics who now heads a consulting firm bearing his name in Washington.
In return for their money, Americans would be in charge of feeling virtuous.''
Some funds divide the fee, taking part upfront and part when the investment is withdrawn, which is known as back-loading.
- The Voting Rights Act, which has enabled large numbers of blacks to register and vote, and therefore hold more elective offices.
The new baseball commissioner, Peter Ueberroth, reversed the decision of his predecessor, Bowie Kuhn, by reinstating the two Hall of Fame members immediately.
Eddie LeBaron, the executive vice president of the Atlanta Falcons, said he would not be surprised if Walker was picked by the second round.
One reason is that horror stories about waste and fraud in the military budget have made the Pentagon a political liability.
But these are qualities to be experienced in quiet moments, alone or with a friend or two; not after the ambassador's speech nor just as the band swings into ''From this moment on.
In the gun's final test last May, pilots playing Russians were allowed to hover at up to six kilometers from their targets, where quite predictably they demolished the forces the Sergeant York was supposed to protect.
A combination of factors he said.
The biggest blow to the Dow came from a 2 3/4-point drop in I.B.M., to 124, in the day's second-busiest trading of 2.1 million shares.
The interaction of doctrine, dogma and prescription in this struggle by medical men to set up social norms is fascinating.
In 1963 he was appointed chief of police of Syracuse; in 1967 he became the public safety director of Washington, D.C.; in 1969 he took command of the Detroit Police Department, and in 1970, in the wake of a corruption scandal, he was named the reform commissioner of the New York City Police Department.
According to the Realtors Association, which provides median housing prices locally but does not calculate a geographic breakdown of the affordability index, the median price of an existing home in the New York City-northern New Jersey-Long Island area was $138,200 in the third quarter of this year, about 45 percent higher than the national median.
His pictures are very dignified.
Officials believe that two badly decomposed bodies found in a Barcelona apartment late Wednesday are those of the sailors.
But regular installation of the Doppler systems, now under test at two airports, is estimated to be four to five years away.
Mr. Trott's characterization of his own reaction is unprintable; he then called Robert Ogren, supervising the prosecution, who says that his superior was ''concerned and unhappy'' about the intervention, as was he.
Credit cards: All major cards Hours: Lunch noon to 3 P.M. Monday through Friday; dinner 5:30 P.M. to 11:30 P.M. Monday through Saturday; closed Sunday.
After a slump, Lotto sales are expected to reach $18 million this week in anticipation of the largest jackpot in the history of the New York State Lottery - $23 million.
''Earnings are a result, not a cause.
Julio Ramos Arguello, chief of intelligence for the Nicaraguan Army, said simply, ''No.''
#90% of Base Gone, She Says Mayor Helen Duby and other officials estimated that the tornado destroyed more than 90 percent of the town's industrial base.
The new stands are expected to be ready in time for the opening of Columbia's 1986 football season.
''But it came right over the plate.''
''With the size of jury awards these days, you could stand to lose everything in a personal lawsuit,'' said Leonard Schainsinger, personal property specialist at the Kemper Group, a major insurance company.
nor the states were moving to clean up a site.
Picasso was a wonderful example of not being afraid to try something,'' she said.
ALTHOUGH Halley's comet has yet to put on its brightest show, the next two weeks will probably be the best opportunity to view the famous comet in most parts of North America.
She is a member of the Smithtown Hunt and the Nassau-Suffolk Horsemen's Association.
GOLF: Greater Greensboro Open, final round, at Greensboro, N.C. (Television - ESPN, 2:30 P.M. live and midnight tape).
Today's bill is $10 billion below a spending ceiling set in previous legislation establishing and continuing military programs.
Miss Mello was so pleased with the enthusiasm of the guests that she said she would have Indian merchandise in the store every year before Christmas.
The White House disclosed nothing of its decision to ''streamline'' the President's Foreign Intelligence Advisory Board until today, when the 11 members received the President's dismissal letter, dated Nov. 1.
which had been the agency for all Miller brands, earlier this year lost the creative side of the Miller High Life account to J. Walter Thompson.
The property is owned by Philip Langner, the son of the late Lawrence Langner and his wife, Armina Marshall.
The informer, Tommaso Buscetta, underwent his second day of intense cross-examination in the Federal District Court trial of 22 men charged with operating a Mafia drug ring known as the ''pizza connection.''
Port Richmond lost its bid for a shutout but evened its record at 2-2 (2-1 in the Public School Athletic League), defeating Brooklyn Tech, 18-8, yesterday at New Dorp.
Moreover, he writes, ''The bottom line in services is that America's trade surplus will go on slipping gradually as the country yields ground in overseas markets to foreign service organizations, mostly in labor-intensive businesses.''
Those, though, can't be included on WHRB, where they might have added an hour or so: a Harvard man may have found them, but Yale owns them, and has retained rights to the premiere.
James Major, the freshman guard, and the freshman center Mark Bryant are very good, and Ricky Burton has proven himself a rugged competitor.
The acquisition represents one of the largest deals in history outside of the oil industry.
But Mr. Todd was correct in predicting his son-in-law's successful run for Congress in 1846.
Few people, including welfare recipients, would disagree.
Mr. Pilevsky, who is 39 years old, is president of Philips International.
Sales of imported cars jumped after import quotas were lifted in April, but the growth of the overall market prevented them from making major gains in market share.
Now he is the principal scene-stealer in ''Silverado,'' which is not exactly going through the roof.
Yogi Berra went down fighting.
This, Mr. Young said, is especially valid in his case since he writes about real people - ''adults and their contemporary problems in a humorous fashion,'' as he puts it.
Not only was Rousseau shown in full and at his best, but he was also honored as he had always hoped to be - as a national hero, in a great museum in his own city, and in the silvery Parisian light.
DIRECTOR OF A PLAY: Keith Hack (''Strange Interlude''), Terry Hands (''Much Ado''), Marshall W. Mason (''As Is''), Gene Saks (''Biloxi Blues'').
Outside one of them, young men in oversized linen jackets or black leather pants strut about, their tough look undermined by the ice cream cones in their hands.
''I can't wait for the Mets games.
That reflects Manville's decision to focus on more promising businesses, such as fiberglass, forest products, industrial lighting and minerals.
A businessman confers with his secretary about the most expedient way to ship a package.
The new company published books by Klaus Mann, the son of Thomas Mann, as well as anthologies of young American and European writers.
Or else the opponents engaged in an exchange of chopping, spinning shots and single points could involve dozens of individual strokes.
That hospitals are beginning to employ professionals to circumvent those bureaucratic institutional situations where the community around the patient is not arranged for the totality of the patient's comfort.
Michael Gross set a world record in the men's 400-meter freestyle race yesterday with a time of 3 minutes 47.80 seconds in the West German national swimming championships at Remscheid, West Germany.
I'm mostly interested in sports, and I hope to stay in baseball in one way or another for the rest of my life.
The judge, Jeffrey Atlas, told the prospective jurors that the trial in State Supreme Court in Manhattan was expected to take three months, that it would go through the summer.
The ''Spirit of Camp David,'' carried on by President Eisenhower and Soviet Premier Nikita S. Khrushchev in 1959, died a victim of an American U-2 spy plane downed by the Soviet Union in 1960.
The question is, when does a site become ''surplus''?
However, Sheik Otaiba and several other ministers warned that the oil market's current strength was misleading, with a further price decline in the cards for early next year.
Other tests, such as a comparison of blood with that found on the ship, would presumably then be carried out.
Reflections of daylight or of lamps in the viewing room are minimized by a special non-reflecting tube surface, which enhances the color contrast perceived by the viewer.
His music was less prominent on the American scene in the 1960's and 70's than it had been before, but the recent resurgence of acceptance of overtly romantic composition in the 20th century may be prompting a reappraisal.
The law, for the most part, has served labor well, and union leaders should work to strengthen it, not abolish it.
He says, ''When they want the real thing, they know where to get it.''
''The Shakers'' notes a suicide by an 18-year-old Shaker girl in the 1840's, but for the most part it indicates that love and benevolence predominated in the villages.
He stuck by his instincts until Bloomingdale's and the rest of the world came around.
A. C. Markkula, vice chairman of the Cupertino, Calif., company, owns 8.8 percent of its shares, according to Apple's 1985 proxy statement.
Piniella and Willie Horton, another coach, then went back and forth between the two rooms while Gene Monahan, the trainer, treated Martin's cuts and bruises.
''In 22 years of police work, this is probably the most difficult case I've ever seen,'' said Lieut.
He will head one of the world's leading hotel companies, with 92 hotels in 45 countries.
The author of ''One Hundred Years of Solitude,'' who once worked briefly for the Cuban press agency, has received restricted visas since 1963.
The performance, though singular in its achievement, is so perfectly blended with that of Nicolas Cage that the two actors make a good argumenton on behalf of awards for ensemble work.
Mr. Collins, who is 53 years old, grew up around Houston and started playing guitar at the Church of God in Christ.
The three men were convicted of shooting machine guns and tossing grenades at a group of Arab students milling around the courtyard of Islamic College in Hebron in July 1983.
But at this point in a mixed-up hockey season, their emotions are flipflopped.
There was a subhead under that.
There's a lot she couldn't have wanted to understand.
Hongkong and Shanghai, which dominates Hong Kong's financial and commercial affairs, already controls the Marine Midland Bank in New York.
His attorney, Gerald McMahon, declined to comment on the case.
Amy Alcott sank a 12-foot eagle putt on the 18th hole today for a one-shot victory over Betsy King in the $175,000 Ladies Professional Golf Association Circle K Tucson Open.
WITH their belief in the individual and progress, intellectuals in the 19th century never conceived of 20th-century totalitarian terror.
To people familiar with the history of flight, he was the first man to fly an airplane faster than the speed of sound.
The latest rise in the money supply was at the low end of forecasts, but was still enough to raise the level of M-1 to about $6 billion above the Fed's 1985 growth target if the 4 percent to 7 percent growth target is measured by a cone starting in mid-November 1984.
He started reading up on India.
HESE SHAWLS ARE AGAIN A POPULAR fashion accessory.
The move has prompted the broadcast industry and alcoholic beverage manufacturers to form a lobbying effort to oppose the ban.
Now, in his new film ''Silverado,'' which opens Wednes-day at the Ziegfeld, Mr. Kasdan hopes to introduce the western to an audience that has hardly ever seen it, and pique the nostalgia of those who may have forgotten its what they have been missing.
I will go to all corners of the Philippines to appeal to the people because only you can give me the justice I'm looking for.''
''I know I can see God's country,'' he said of his native Texas, ''and I'm going back.''
In retrospect, many baseball people believe that George Steinbrenner's biggest mistake as the Yankee owner was dismissing Dick Howser so impatiently.
Resorts reportedly already has about $500 million of cash of its own.
7 on the flip side is far more tuneful, recalling Schubert's amiable approach to the genre.
The Soviet press, in advance of 40th anniversary celebrations of the defeat of Hitler, has been saying that West Germany harbors elements who seek to glorify and even return to past German ambitions.
This is Daniel trying one of the dark coves of the Browsing Room.
Also, Republicans, conservatives and Jews supported him in greater numbers than others did.
The feeling was the same coming into this series.
To the Editor: Should there be a limit to urban centralization and density?
Acknowledging that Mr. Colavita has always made ''final decisions'' on Republican candidates, Mr. Martinelli said that ''Tony Colavita believes in the political table of organization, and I think Tony would be the first one to readily admit he never insisted on anybody.
The entire audience rose to give Mr. Tomasson a standing ovation as Mr. Martins rushed over to envelop Mr. Tomasson in a comradely embrace, followed by Mr. Robbins doing the same.
''Once they've been here a few times, they're lost,'' one social worker assigned to the precinct said.
Amid growing signs of optimism, the officials were sent away to hammer out a final communique.
You want something to eat?'
Legislation introduced in the House but not yet considered by a committee would provide $5 billion a year until all the nation's needs are met.
That depends in part on how good a race it will be, but it also now appears that whoever wins the Preakness may have to wait until the fall for a shot at toppling Spend a Buck from atop the division.
But the rejuvenation of the city, and of the Promenade Hotel, which until last November was the headquarters for the Pilgrim Psychiatric Center's Long Beach Clinic and home for 110 of its patients, has not been without some pain.
Doug Sisk came in, and Dale Murphy promptly hit a three-run double into the gap in left-center, putting the Braves in front, 8-7.
Lulu Smith Howard, a suffragist who was one of the first women to hold a seat on the New York Stock Exchange, died Thursday.
The fact that there is not a lot to see does not deter the 2,000 or so who come every year.
Mars, which is based in Greenwich, Conn., is the American branch of Mars & Company, an international strategy consulting firm founded in Paris by Dominique G. Mars in 1979.
''While there's certainly times when both want the same thing, members of Congress ask, 'Is this really in my best interest if I want to get re-elected?'
''I'm concerned about Berenyi,'' Johnson said.
Meanwhile, according to Donald E. Wilkinson, a regulatory official, more problems appear to lie ahead.
*3*** COMPANY REPORTS ** View Full Article in Timesmachine »
The authors argue persuasively that animal sexual behavior is so fluid and varied that it cannot easily fit into standard categories.
There's more to take note of.''
The tax has been kept alive through a series of extensions.
Few in the military industry doubt that TRW, Martin Marietta and Rockwell have emerged as early winners.
The farm lobbies, however, have seized on the plight of failing farmers to justify extension of a price and income support system that further enriches a minority.
''It looks like an absolute no-win strategy for Senate Republicans who are up for election in 1986,'' he added, mentioning in particular Arlen Specter of Pennsylvania, James Abdnor of South Dakota, Paula Hawkins of Florida and Mark Andrews of North Dakota, who are among the 22 Senate Republicans seeking re-election next year.
He noted that United Way contributions were shared, in part, by Associated Black Charities.
Looks Sharp in Workout Simms arrived in time for the afternoon workout and looked sharp as he completed one pass after another.
He has played roles where size is not a factor, like Puck in ''A Midsummer Night's Dream.''
To continue to ignore the P.L.O.
People began coming to what was then something of a borderline neighborhood to hear the music and see the view.
In 1944, after he had spent two years in the woods, Vilna was liberated.
But the agency has slowed its cleanup of many sites previously placed on the list because of doubt as to whether Congress will renew the law before it expires on Sept. 30.
The group did not appear at the 1983 celebration after then Secretary of the Interior James G. Watt said it drew the ''wrong element.''
1 P.M. (Television - Channel 2, 1 P.M. Radio -WNEW 1130, 1 P.M.) Jets vs.
Senator from Idaho, sponsored the Senate repeal of the Clark Amendment.
When Fred Shero was let go as coach during the 1980-81 season, Patrick replaced him, and coached the team for 60 games.
*Bring to the boil and add the rice.
''The war is over,'' said Mr.
As West was likely to have the majority of the missing trumps, South very reasonably chose a safety play.
Representatives for the union group, the Hotel and Motel Trades Council, and the owners group, the Hotel Association of New York, will meet 11 A.M. at the New York Athletic Club, Seventh Avenue and Central Park South.
A passing motorist, without electricity in his home, had just stopped with a gift of coffee and doughnuts.
It drew criticism from public interest groups.
The case was also covered in a 1980 segment of CBS's ''60 Minutes'' series.
Debt Issues * Bridgestone Corp. plans to issue 20 billion yen of convertible Eurobonds at a price of par through underwriters led by Daiwa Europe Ltd.
Projects for the Displaced Displaced people might be put to work on aid projects - such as planting trees to hold back the desert or improving sanitation in disease-ridden inner cities - and paid in cash that they could use to buy food from farmers.
Long Rest for 2 Colts Smile and Script Ohio, two colts who missed the Derby because of identical injuries - bone chips in their knees that required surgery -are being pointed for the Travers in August.
DR. JOHN PURVIS, Knoxville Neurosurgical Clinic.
While not as pointless as ''The Three Musketeers'' or as lengthy as ''Harrigan 'n Hart'' or as becalmed as ''Quilters,'' this show does lead the pack in such key areas as incoherence (total), vulgarity (boundless) and decibel level (stratospheric, with piercing electronic feedback).
Does this mean an increase in taxes?
* 7 SILVER WINGS, SANTIAGO BLUE, by Janet Dailey.
It is a hard, cold, fiery, exhilarating, wild and wondrously beautiful region as remote, and nearly as unknown, as it was in the days of Magellan, Drake and Darwin.
Jim Sweeney, one of the Jets' offensive linemen, suggested it was not possible to hold a block as long as it took for O'Brien to find a receiver to be free.
The passenger sees ancient and modern Egypt, blurred as colors in a chalk drawing.
The final team was coached by Hugh Devore, the former player and interim coach at Notre Dame, who later was head coach of the Philadelphia Eagles.
Magic Johnson, alias Michigan State, won the 1979 championship in a 75-64 duel with Larry Bird, alias Indiana State, while St. John's suffered with the memory of its last-second loss to Penn.
''The number of times we have changed our supplier of Danish pastries!''
In a letter to Governor Kean, Mr. Kimmelman said his service as Attorney General had ''been the highlight of my professional career.''
Hundreds - sometimes thousands - of demonstrators descend on this city each week, especially in the spring, when the weather is fair and the Legislature is in midsession.
Investors in low-income housing often have deductions for depreciation that exceed the amount of equity they have invested in the project.
Since then, Mr. Ferris's colleagues in the clubby industry have had ample reason to say ''I told you so.''
Skip the years since then, but note that the Sanskrit word for Aryan is noble.
Investors with unanswered questions should call the company's management - one of the virtues of dealing with small and fledging concerns.
The Cordon Lumineux de la Rade, a string of lights illuminating Geneva's lakeshore harbor and roads, will also be left on until 2 A.M., as will the lights at such monuments as the Cathedral Saint-Pierre, the 12-foot floral clock in the Jardin Anglais, and other Geneva sites.
He called for a six-month moratorium against adding new O-T-C options.
Still, the shutdown was not without trauma.
''Whether or not they agree with it, I think they'll like it,'' she said, ''because it's an exciting movie.''
The climax of the street theater came when the Mayor burst into song and began to dance along to the music with Cab Calloway, while the Hasidim could be heard shouting: ''Dump Koch!
''For people of other cultures coming into our culture,'' he said, ''they felt uncomfortable, and so they tried to be like Americans.
episode had prompted them to check whether the collateral for their repurchase agreements was in order.
''This means lower interest rates.''
All four have served in the Navy.
Yet if Nazis live in these refuges, they are well hidden.
He called her every day to find out if she had found a job and to advise her on everything from finances to her social life.
Class B fireworks, which include such powerful exploding devices as cherry bombs, silver salutes, M-80's and M-100's, have been illegal since 1966.
A large increase in the level of M-1 for the week ended Oct. 14 was widely seen as due to inaccurate seasonal adjustments.
Robert Content, the museum director, said the name change was ''an attempt on our part to reach out to the rest of Connecticut and promote public interest in science.
The companies said the merger would not be completed until Oct. 1, 1986, when the new legislation is effective.
Her father is a partner in the New York law firm of Shearman & Sterling.
Another store has an Art Deco neon sign in the window.
Film Editing: ''Amadeus''; ''The Cotton Club''; ''The Killing Fields''; ''A Passage to India''; ''Romancing the Stone.''
He has also promised to resign if he does not fulfill his promises.
Ice Cream 'Meltdown' Mr. Scioli said the only protest was a ''meltdown'' where 10 ice cream cones of different flavors were allowed to melt on a shelf of books outside his store.
She testified that over the several weeks before his death she saw Mr. Belushi on a ''one-to-one'' basis and that they often took drugs.
Like them, he makes paint and nature seem inseparable.
This year, we will set it up under the tree again, hoping the kittens (now age 6) have matured enough to ignore it.
Later, on the floor of the House, Mr. O'Neill drew applause from both sides of the aisle when he denied a report in today's issue of The New York Times that his remarks were part of a Democratic strategy to raise the summit stakes for Mr. Reagan.
''We will be pulling out all the stops on this issue.''
The Chinese consulate there was the scene of an exhibition match between a team of consular officials - Han Bingquan, Huang Jiongyao, Xu Hai and Ren Lu - and a group headed by Kathie Wei, who serves as the link between the bridge players of China and the United States.
Changes in Deductions For those who are single, the standard deduction is increased to $2,390 from $2,300, and for couples filing a joint return the standard deduction rises to $3,540 from $3,400.
The boat, which holds six passengers, leaves approximately every 15 minutes.
''Because of the space problems, it is impossible to hold on-the-premises sales in New York City apartments,'' said Mr. Burge, ''therefore the contents of each home will be arranged so that furniture, paintings and decorative objects can be seen together, as one collection.
This can yield stirring results as long as there are artists who believe in it (older Italians like Carlo Bergonzi and Giuseppe Taddei come to mind); the question is how much longer that can be.
But a year later, after Mr. Morgenthau criticized Dr. Baden's performance and attitude, the post went to Dr.
The typical meeting that might at most have a projector or two as a visual prop is increasingly being replaced by computer-operated, laser-lit, videographic events, whose only limits appear to be a company's budget.
Their decisions, abetted by a city government eager to retain or enlarge the manufacturing employment base, may lead to real-estate activity that runs counter to the general trend.
NeilJohn Kudan RichAdam Oliensis AliceJo Anna Rush
''There, to conform with Judy's idea, colors had to go from turquoise to red with no sign of separation,'' Mrs. Fogel said.
She is now strongly recommending four groups that since last July have underperformed in the market and by historical standards should have advanced more at this stage in a rally.
American and Soviet negotiators today extended their arms-control talks until next Thursday so that the Soviet Union can study a new American proposal that was formally presented here today.
It is part of a Soviet attack on the nationwide problem of alcoholism.
THERE are people who like to look at themselves in the mirror, and there are those who don't.
That poses a clear possibility of risk and it is being run for substances that have only cosmetic value.
But some critics said he was not a good administrator.
Yugoslavia includes about 1.8 million ethnic Albanians, mostly concentrated in the autonomous province of Kosovo, which has been the scene of unrest in recent years.
At Lincoln Plaza 2, Broadway at 63d Street.
He said that for both roles, jewelry was important in helping him get into character.
Virgil followed with a roller to second, where Ron Gardenhire was making only his 12th start of the season and his second at that position.
American Jewish Joint Distribution Committee, Room 1914, 60 East 42d Street, New York, N.Y. 10165.
Opened His Own Business Mr. Canzeri opened his own public relations business, the Canzeri Company, in Washington and, as he put it, ''started getting paid for what I had been giving away.''
''Pilgrims'' because they left Baltimore at night via Mayflower.
Unfortunately, while Jack is evacuating his family to an abandoned Boy Scout camp, he is forced to refuel his car, exposing himself to the ''event'' long enough to elicit ''bracketed numbers with pulsing stars'' on a computer screen.
* Quaker State Oil Refining Corp., Oil City, Pa., said it had signed a letter of intent to acquire Arctic Circle Inc. of Salt Lake City, Utah, for 1.3 million shares of Quaker State common in exchange for all the outstanding shares of Arctic Circle.
Maybe that's the secret of the success of Muslin Minks, which have been checking out of Bergdorf Goodman at such a rate that they've been reordered.
''We heard you had financial problems?''
The shadows are starting to fall around Thomas P. O'Neill Jr. At the end of the Congressional term next year he will retire from the House and complete 10 years as Speaker of the House, the longest political tenure in the nation's history.
By comparison with the sophisticated dishes that both Mr. Simon and Mr. Gilbert serve up, ''If I Should Die'' is rudimentary fare.
He said the Laotians were aware they would be pushed back if they tried to land in his district, so they did not try to cross there.
The fans were buying tickets to next Tuesday night's game, the third of the three-of-five- game series against the defending champion Boston Celtics.
To avoid fee disputes, Mr. Kessler recommends getting a written retainer agreement.
In apartments rented by persons in the lowest income category, the study found that average monthly rents in regulated units were 17 to 18 percent lower than in unregulated units, a difference of $500 a year, or about $110 million citywide.
''I was still working full time in industry,'' Adrian Fisher said.
Instead, foreign manufacturers would be able to pledge that their products meet the Japanese standards.
Trinity Episcopal Church, at Washington and Seventh Streets, was designed by Upjohn (who redesigned New York's Trinity Church) and completed in 1856.
In this way, and with the help of hypnotic repetition, Gertrude Stein told the truth about the two Cone sisters, who had loved her in their youth for her driving sense of fun and her irresistible companionship.
Doctors have had some success using drugs to reactivate the fetal hemoglobin genes in patients with hemoglobin disorders, but the drugs have had harmful side effects.
The two Democratic leaders, Mr. Mellman and Mr. Baranello, said they also reported on all of their party financial accounts.
Since sentiment in Harlem was favorable, Anthony B. Gliedman, the city's Housing Preservation and Development Commissioner, turned to the Partnership, a civic association that has been helping the city generate ownership housing on city land.
The Pirates have a rich baseball history - no team has left a city after having been in residence for so long.
Members of Oklahoma's Congressional delegation agreed earlier this month to withhold endorsement of the prairie preserve at the request of Representative Mickey Edwards, a Republican whose district includes northern Osage County.
'' Many of those who believe Mrs. Webb, accept her statement that as a born-again Christian she was guided by God to ''make restitution for what I have done.''
REOPENED BROOKLYN Foo Star, 402 Nostrand Ave.(Monroe St.) BRONX Green Pepper Restaurant, 12 E. Dingsbridge Rd.
Why, then, does the Administration see wisdom in overlooking ideological differences and promoting Western influence through diplomacy and assistance in one case but not the other?
''Hey, you don't have time to look.
If shades are getting scorched it may be that they are too close to the bulbs or, more likely, that the bulbs you are using are too large.
But our child is not a distance-swimming superbaby, and the open outboard skiffs made us reconsider (boat rentals, for $60 daily or $10 an hour, are arranged on the beach in front of the Hotel Oasis).
U.S. and Soviet Assailed The only other Communist country he mentioned was the Soviet Union, but he lumped it together with the United States, saying, ''Our country has been and is a resolute opponent of the aggressive and expansionist policy of American imperialism and Soviet social-imperialism.''
Very rarely does a Senate committee reject a Presidential nominee.
Go then to a man with a bone in his nose peering through the bushes.
As Coleman spoke of the 60- year-old building's having a nicotine odor, being held up by 85 coats of paint and containing dead spots in its parquet floor, McHale interjected: ''Yeah, but also tell them there are 16 championship banners hanging here.''
''The Math Series'' aims for ''mathematics readiness, just as there's reading readiness,'' said Joan Ganz Cooney, the workshop president.
First preliminary, 7:30 P.M. Hockey Islanders vs. Calgary Flames, at Nassau Coliseum, Uniondale, L.I., 8:05 P.M.
The young woman testified that she had gone to a fraternity party and that Mr. Maldonado had invited her upstairs after offering to help her find two friends.
Investors may redeem the tender bonds every six months, when the interest rate is adjusted.
''We're impressed with the quality of their research,'' says Edmund T. Pratt Jr., chairman of Pfizer.
Mr. Bryan, also 47, will take responsibility for daily newspapers and cable television.
Mrs. Hess, who also attended the seminar, assailed the trend.
Will he be Kurt Rambis or Bob McAdoo?
That is why it can be so enlightening to hear a conductor working with his own orchestra, or at least one with which he has developed a long-term relationship.
A candid, idiosyncratic child whose best friend, Violet, is the daughter of the Ruba houseboy, Justin, who essentially raises them both, Marietta is practically Ruba herself.
I guess the other players did the same thing, but I know others were getting money, too.''
In any case, his current show is the most exciting and diverting pop spectacle we're likely to see for some time.
She described the unlimited local call privilege of our first phone, the one used by the children, permitting them to phone hordes of friends for a flat monthly rate.
''All of them,'' the 57-year-old witness answered, adding that Mr. Badalamenti became the ''underboss'' and then the ''boss'' of the Mafia family in Cinisi, Sicily, then a commission member and finally ''the boss of the commission.''
But how can you combat it?
''This was an enormous technical advance,'' says William R. Hendricks, chief of the aviation accident division of the National Transportation Safety Board.
Marianne Gawain Davis was her sister-in-law's matron of honor.
As they approach weeping, he stands, half-hidden by a curtain, his body inclined in a slight bow, the smallest exultant smile on his serene face.
When he was planning to film ''Escape From Alcatraz'' in the 1970's, he sought permission from the National Park Service to use the abandoned prison island, turned into a park.
They said in Mr. Meese's fee application, which they prepared, that the intent of the Ethics Act provision on fees was to insure that officials under investigation could afford high-quality legal representation without incurring huge financial burdens.
But with labor costs totaling about $25 an hour, and with most workers putting in 2,000 hours a year, the cost to the company per production employee reaches that figure.
Both the Patriots and the Jets made the playoffs as wild-card teams.
I'm trying to sort things out.
While the platforms are an esthetic highlight of these restaurants, the stairs between them and the circulation pattern among them become another feature with which designers can play.
It said that with a lower annual inflation rate, it was also revising its earnings per share growth goal to between two and two and a half times the inflation rate.
He had to be dissuaded from driving his family across America in a Winnebago to get a feel for the average theme-park customer.
The quake, measuring 5 degrees on the 12-point Mercalli scale, was followed by a chain of weaker tremors.
''This is a firm that survived the Civil War between the North and the South, and could not survive the civil war between Peterson and Glucksman,'' says Michael Thomas, a former Lehman partner and now best-selling author.
The measure would require deposits on containers and some items that are not currently recyclable, including plastics, bimetal cans and automobile tires.
''I could have not been caught and could have been in an accident.
According to Mrs. Beckhardt, the state will contribute $22 million.
Its lushly orchestrated melodies and murkily chromatic, bittersweet harmonies are as embarrassing to the guardians of our musical fitness as a gooey fudge banana split to a banquet of Pritikin purists.
''Thus, a new page of history of the front has turned,'' said a commentary by his followers.
Two or three nights a week, Rostenkowski gathers a group of friends and goes out for dinner.
Miss Vaughan retains her remarkable voice but stays within predictable patterns.
''A Taste of China,'' two of four films which explore the relationships between Chinese food and traditional Chinese culture, may be seen at 5:15 P.M. Thursday.
'No One Is Happy With System' Bob Dole, Republican of Kansas, the Senate majority leader, summarized the prevailing view at today's hearing when he said, ''No one is happy with the current system of physician payment'' under Medicare.
Peter Bubriski and Anne Barrett are appropriately suspicious as the adulterous couple.
What surprised her, though, was that people also listed serials such as the Nancy Drew mysteries, the Bobbsey Twins tales and the stories about Babar the Elephant.
''Well, he was right,'' Mr. Carey said.
Arlan Ettinger of Guernsey's said that he has received inquiries about the sale, which is expected to bring more than $1.5 million, from collectors and dealers throughout the United States and Europe.
And on Wednesday the Legislature let expire a rent-stabilization law that protected 2,200 apartments but that over the years would have grown to cover 50,000 units.
Margaret de Cuevas and Mr. de Larrain were married in April 1977.
Mr. Robards means to be attractive, and he is.
ITT said that excluding that nonoperating gain, its earnings for the latest quarter would have risen 27 percent.
Michael Banks, pastor of the Burnside Mennonite Church on Grand Avenue, a few blocks away.
Biogen's case is an example of how, in a business, good science must go hand in hand with good management.
However short the visit, it was treated by Polish officials as a significant breakthrough, marking the first visit by a senior West German official since West Germany joined other Western countries in isolating Poland after the crackdown on the Solidarity movement in 1981.
And they will take a hefty markup for their troubles.
b-After extraordinary credits of $681,000 for the quarter and $923,000 for the 6 months.
''We like finality in the law,'' he said.
Nobody should rule that out.
But the session today underscored the obstacles facing the prosecution as Yalcin Ozbey, a Turk jailed in West Germany for forgery, contradicted accounts he gave earlier to Italian investigators.
It has the power to direct the owner to paint and order a rent reduction.
Surgeons at the Texas Heart Institute in Houston have used lasers for the first time in the United States to remove plaque blocking the flow of blood through coronary arteries, they said yesterday.
Eleven people in the Move house died when a fire erupted as the police bombed the group's rooftop bunker.
Even with a freeze in appropriations, however, military spending would still rise about $20 billion in 1986 because of commitments made in previous years.
''Once you say those words,'' said J.
''I think the incentives will produce growth,'' he said.
Poor families, tilling the red earth with wooden plows, grow the beans and manioc they eat.
It drew on his own recent remarks in which he angrily rebuked the Yugoslav Foreign Minister for suggesting that acts of terrorism by Palestinians could be explained by their ''cause.''
I try to let the writing, the imagination and invention tell me the secrets of old age.
list,'' Mr. Goode said after its existence was disclosed by newspapers and confirmed by gas works officials.
''We hold consistently that the population strategy and policy of each country should be formulated by its own government according to its own conditions, and that this should be respected by other countries,'' he said.
Mr. Madden discovered it early in his career to his gain.
Disputes Over Violations The Administration, however, was not about to let Moscow equate the Krasnoyarsk radar with those in Britain and Greenland.
Defense officials said the directive was a public restatement of a permanent ban on unauthorized vessels penetrating a limit of 12 nautical miles round the atolls.
He said he never hired or dismissed anyone in the Corrections Department based on their political affiliation or whether they had made contributions to the Republican Party.
The recruits coasted as they drove across two lanes, then accelerated to 50 m.p.h.
Although it can get kind of monotonous - ''After five hours going up and down the beach, everybody looks the same,'' Mrs. Wolan said - banner towing does have its rewards.
The complicated Government system varies from city to city and changes from year to year.
Shaffer finished with 7 completions in 20 attempts for only 74 yards, and was intercepted twice.
The birth mechanism, which once seemed as permanent as anything was likely ever to be, can now be replaced by a laboratory dish.
(Television - SportsChannel, 9 P.M. Radio - WNBC, 660; 9 P.M.) Hockey Devils vs. Rangers, at Byrne Meadowlands Arena, 7:35 P.M.
A similar system for Congress lost narrowly in 1974, however, and the PAC explosion followed.
To the Editor: Though all scholars rejoice at the release of Pope Shenuda III of the Coptic Orthodox Church from his unjust imprisonment, it is inaccurate to say President Hosni Mubarak reinstated him as patriarch (''Egypt Confirms Plan to Free Coptic Leader,'' Jan. 2).
* The $1 million Breeders' Cup Distaff, one and one-quarter miles on the dirt for 3-year-old and up fillies and mares.
If so, the society owned a major prize - a piece of furniture from a suite that included armchairs, footstools, a settee, a firescreen and a side chair identified as ''une chaise pour le Roi,'' ordered by Marie Antoinette for her bedroom.
Garden State, 8 P.M. RUNNING: TAC National and MAC Open 50-mile Championships at 90th Street and East Drive, Central Park, 9 A.M. THOROUGHBRED RACING: Aqueduct 12:30 P.M.
The Anti-Apartheid Act of 1985, which imposes a set of moderate American economic sanctions, is expected to be passed by Congress shortly.
Also of interest this week: Correspondences: European and American Affinities (Barbara Mathes Gallery, 851 Madison Avenue at 71st Street): One of the prime sources of energy in the current exhibition scene the world over is the abundance of work from the Picasso estate that has come onto the market.
Monday Sports is on page C10.
''Franchising is at the heart of the entrepreneurial system today,'' he said.
''And we need imaginative approaches to these problems developed in each of our communities, including Dobbs Ferry.''
----White Detainees Are Named JOHANNESBURG, July 21 (AP) -A spokesman for the Detainees' Parents Support Committee named the four whites detained today as Auret van Heerden, Toby Ratcliffe, Neil Coleman and Morris Smithers.
Gervin, who had been with the franchise for 13 seasons dating to its American Basketball Association years, missed practice the last three days.
In this novel a New York detective seeks a maniac who drops concrete blocks on pedestrians from rooftops.
'His People' Mr. Kasparov asserted in an interview with Der Spiegel, the West German weekly, that Mr. Karpov no longer had the right to call himself the world champion.
MARTIN WASKOSKY was at the wheel of a taxicab in Seattle on Dec. 11 when it plunged off a steep embankment and struck a carport, the top of a parked car and the deck of a house.
A $225.9 million issue of revenue bonds from the Grand River Dam Authority in Oklahoma was priced yesterday with a maximum yield of 9 3/8 percent, through underwriters led by Smith Barney, Harris Upham & Company.
Part of his enjoyment, Manager Gene Mauch conceded, is the fact Jackson has played right field in 27 of his 29 games.
Some complain that the service is unreliable and too expensive at $69 for the 55-minute flight.
Clearly we are not in the big city.
Some Concessions Made The bill voted out of committee reflected some concessions to the Administration, whose officials told committee members this morning that the original bill was too rigid.
''But now everyone is jumping on the bandwagon,'' he said.
b-After writeoffs of investments in a real estate affiliate of $5.4 million for the quarter and $7.7 million for the 6 months.
''But the budget is still incredible.''
A total of 572 Pershing and cruise missiles are to be deployed.
The term sacralization is used in the sense of objects being invested with sentimental or religious meaning.
But they understood that they would be allowed to see him home, where he and his wife are now under virtual house arrest.
Jim Miller, director of administration for the N.F.L.
''I had carefully arranged the seating at my tables,'' Mrs. Lewis said.
The dealers' Nasdaq system is the over-the-counter market.
Transit police should be the first to try the police-corps plan (discussed in item 7, below) to give the transit system the manpower to enforce the little breaches of the law that make the whole system seem over-tolerant.
Cessna Up 1 7/8 Merger speculation also sent the shares of Cessna up 1 7/8, to 27 5/8.
These prices do not include wine.
Some may decry the lack of priestly vocations, but it seems to me that there are as many vocations as ever, only they are not yet recognized or encouraged as such by church authorities.
The conversation moved away from America, ranging widely, because Malle has for years been a prominent figure in what used to be called the international jet set; but the theme of belonging ran through our talk the way the plaintive guitar of Ry Cooder, like reverberations of Vietnam, runs through the finished film of ''Alamo Bay.''
The glamor at the Vivian Beaumont Theater last night ranged from the high fashion on some of the 550 guests to a dinner decor of stark white and black punctuated by silver balloons.
I wanted to tell them about where I had been today.
The state is depending on cooperation from the private sector of the economy, and travel-related businesses are eager to participate.
After Turner negotiated the purchase of MGM/UA, Mr. Lustgarten said Rainbow got in touch with MGM/UA to inform it of Rainbow's interpretation of their agreement.
Mrs. Blum, a native of Schenectady, N.Y., graduated from Syracuse University.
They compiled an immense and invaluable record of battlefields, camp life, ruined towns and cities, units on the march, the faces of the doomed and the horrid aftermath of battle - bodies grotesquely strewn across the startlingly primitive landscape of 19th-century America.
''They must know the truth.''
By helping people to make a better life, you ultimately help to preserve your own skin.
Mr. Falwell, the head of the American evangelical Christian group known as the Moral Majority, gave his impressions of his trip to South Africa at a news conference here.
All other cartoonists are represented by one of their works.
Mr. Tarnoff's appointment comes at a time when the Council, whose 2,400 members include government officials, scholars and business and banking leaders, is reconsidering its role and is seeking to broaden its membership.
Headsets and Transcripts With headsets on, and transcripts before them, the defendants listened quietly as the prosecution continued to introduce a series of tape recordings made by Mr. Annicharico in his undercover role.
The drama, which emphasizes psychological tensions rather than spy thriller suspense, begins when the unsuspecting Jacksons are drawn into the case by an officer of MI5, the British intelligence agency.
3 in the world, was seeded first.
The 11.5 percent cut will lower the bills of customers in New York and seven other states.
Is the camp open this summer?
That should help make the new year happy.
What remains of the figure is primarily a study in drapery, but it is drapery raised to the point of all but incorporeal sublimity.
It's about to get a harsh dose of reality.
''All I know is that when the music stops, you better be standing near a chair,'' one executive who is a Baker loyalist commented, evoking the White House's ever shifting opportunities as a game of musical chairs.
''The Conran Directory of Design,'' edited by Stephen Bayley (Villard Books, $40), is a curious combination of 20th-century design and designers and covers a broad range of items such as the Braun electric razor from 1950-84, I.B.M.
Personal checks will be accepted for orders up to the limit of 50 covers.
''This, I am told, is one of the most complex problems we have tackled,'' Air Force Secretary Verne Orr said before the House defense appropriations subcommittee earlier this year.
Mr. Klein said to Mr. Pearlman.
First, the city had little idea how many victims there might be, much less who they might be.
Secret Paris Talks General Walters, who helped arrange the secret negotiations in Paris between Henry A. Kissinger and Le Duc Tho of North Vietnam, singled out Le Kim Chung, the Vietnamese delegate, for criticism.
After cutting around all four edges, lift the piece out by prying carefully with the point of the knife, trying not to crack or split the veneer.
Officials of the Urban Mass Transportation Administration said they would consider restoring Federal funds to both the 63d Street and Archer Avenue projects after an independent consultant hired by the M.T.A.
Advocate of Special Units Pasquale is a passionate advocate of special teams.
''All in all, it was a very respectable performance,'' said Jack Conlon, head trader with E. F. Hutton & Company, who said the most impressive characteristic is the market's leadership by the stocks of more well-respected companies.
The American Petroleum Institute said in its report last week that supplies of crude oil, heating oil and leaded gasoline were limited, and traders expect the amounts in the institute's inventory report coming out today to ''again be very tight,'' said Nauman Barakat, a petroleum analyst with Smith Barney, Harris Upham & Company in New York.
Goodness is an expendable commodity in politics; absolute goodness is unnerving.
It is versatile features such as these that prove themselves invaluable in the real world.
I slept through quite a bit, I believe.''
Yet there's a quality of play to what Bunting and his antagonists are doing.
For the fifth day, the students barricaded a campus building in defiance of a court order barring them from blocking classrooms and other university facilities.
Its wines are produced by Richard Graff of Chalone.
A child should not have to suffer.''
''We cannot project the results of our study nationwide,'' he said.
Then the Nixon Administration, with Daniel Patrick Moynihan pointing out that what poor people lack most is money, pressed instead for an income strategy, some form of guaranteed annual income.
''They were not doing that just to get something to research,'' the source said.
In a related procedure, one gloved finger may be placed in the rectum and another in the vagina.
FOR some it is a season that starts on Labor Day and ends at Memorial Day, which, although admittedly long, is still shorter than Byron's somewhat jaundiced view of: ''The English winter - ending in mJuly To recommence in August'' For many it is a season of discontent - of aches and pains, of dreading the lambastes of Mother Nature.
''It is typical for the Cambodian grapevine to work this way in tracking someone down,'' said a State Department official who specializes in refugee affairs.
The man who owns the property has told the Mayor that he will soon build a house on the land.
Assets of the 184 general purpose funds increased $269 million, to $64.79 billion.
At a ceremony the other day, Mr. Cuomo said he would support a Democrat against Mr. Regan next year ''if I can find a good, professional, objective bookkeeper who is better than Regan.''
Lyttelton and Mr. Hart-Davis fall in love with each other in the course of their correspondence - ''a Haydn symphony puts the finishing touch to my equanimity -which in any case is at its height while I am writing to R. H.-D,'' Lyttelton crows - without feeling threatened by the specter of emasculation.
Last week there was news that he was considering offering between $320 million and $325 million for an unopened hotel and casino in Atlantic City.
After she had managed the 12-story loft for about two years, she said, her board decided it wanted someone with greater experience to deal with the commercial tenant on the main floor and outside contractors.
Can we establish this covenant with each other, whereby our little cells of self can at least reverberate to the pulsations of the imagined other?
Community officials said eight children from the area had been killed in the violence that has flared in the western Cape after protesters tried to march on Pollsmoor Prison last month to demand the release of Nelson Mandela, the leader of the outlawed and exiled African National Congress.
''This season you can buy at the 11th hour.''
Bond for a Canadian associate has been set at $5 million.
The site is on the Parris Island self-guided tour for visitors.
But the officials said they could not prove that Mr. Abbas directly controlled the actions of the four gunmen.]
Bethlehem, in its moment of triumph, has been transported into a Tuscan landscape.
The authority, which will finance capital improvements for state highways and bridges and the bus and railway systems operated by the New Jersey Transit Authority, expects to sell about $450 million of bonds as part of a $3.3 billion capital spending program in the next four years .
Hockey Devils vs. Islanders, at Byrne Meadowlands Arena, 7:35 P.M.
Machinists began to do more work in-house that Eastern formerly sent out - and paid a higher bill.
The pound's decline today was not limited to the dollar.
The same character traits also marked his work as an administrator; and his relationship with his players, shows up, I think, in these recordings.
To speed the assignment of licenses in the next 30 cellular phone markets, the commission resorted to a lottery.
The authority had intended to build a large fuel tank, but after construction started, it realized that the soil could not hold the weight of the tank.
The fronts of the buildings disintegrated, leaving only the gaping shells of the back rooms.
To return to the discredited systems of the 1960's without exploring the governmental implications of these changes is foolish.
Place one portion of goat cheese on top of the exposed breast meat and sprinkle with salt and pepper.
Expressing gratefulness that the arrest had been made, he said, ''We are only disappointed that we can't bring Maria back.''
''Wilbur'' plays Saturdays and Sundays at 1:30 P.M., and ''Santa Claus'' at 3, at the Courtyard Playhouse, 39 Grove Street.
He said the company, which serves about 800,000 people, underestimated the amount of water consumption through next August.
Perrine Pelen, the Olympic silver medalist, led France to a one-two finish in the women's slalom today and gave her country its first gold medal at the World Alpine Ski Championships.
There is also talk about red tape.
ANSWER: It is not on our initiative that specific measures have been applied against us.
Israel's air attack on Iraq's nuclear reactor in 1981, its invasion of Lebanon in 1982, its complicity in the Christian Phalangist massacres of Palestinians at the Sabra and Shatilla camps in Beirut later that year, and its unwillingness to return to Egypt control of the disputed enclave of Taba, a small sliver of beachfront property in Sinai that both sides claim, have steadily undermined Egypt's diplomatic ties with Israel, the only Arab nation to sign the peace treaty with Israel.
''Heroes evolve; they aren't born.
And he really believed in the goodness of man.
Since Miss Warrick and Phoebe Tyler are to all appearances identical - graciously imperious grande dames - the conceit fails.
And most of the food vendors try to position themselves near tourist attractions, where customers are more likely to be concerned with their stomachs than their stature.
Five of the 11 giant slaloms for men and 4 of the 11 for women on this season's World Cup schedule are of the super kind, and the category will be officially included for the first time at the 1988 Winter Olympics in Calgary.
Some say to meet the problem created by deregulation of money, you ought to deregulate the asset side and allow banks to spread out risk.
Her persistent inability to think straight and concentrate on tasks forced her to resign from her university faculty position.
Mr. McNally's humor is malevolent to the point of bitchiness, as Stephen and a fellow opera buff (Seth Allen) compare notes on divas and attack sacred cows.
It demanded punishment for those involved in the deaths of two members of the group last month.
At the end of a five-day pretrial hearing, the lawyers argued that the surgeon, Comdr.
Mrs. Mullinix said Columbia's research activities in the high-technology area - particularly in telecommunications - have increased dramatically in the last five years.
For Julian the text was mere space between pictures that made the ''noblest'' seem murderous and frightening - pictures of sea battles, assassinations, Burr killing Hamilton, Indians carrying off a white baby covered with blood.
But they want the criminals off the streets.''
''He's got permission not to be here, but he's got to start getting his priorities in order,'' Coach Tom Landry said.
I was like, 'It don't matter.
Miss Notley's protagonist experiences disturbing visitations in dreams that leave her depressed and enraged.
Otherwise, fellows, there's this place in Coney Island where Steeplechase Park used to be.
King Elaborates on the Offer But today, King Hassan told French reporters at the palace that his comments should not have been interpreted as an invitation for face-to-face discussions, but only as a general offer to demonstrate the Arab side was ''open'' to discussions.
2 fried chicken chain, after Reynolds Industries' Kentucky Fried Chicken, especially hard.
One of the biggest challenges here is keeping track of the hundreds of names and faces at the world organization.
In Manhattan, many buildings are simply too high.
If school districts had been willing to implement bilingual programs on their own, there would have been no need for Federal legislation.
To avoid a lower credit rating, Argentine negotiators in Washington are desperately trying to reach a new agreement with the International Monetary Fund in the next few days.
''Well,'' he said, ''the secret is out.''
* Agree to pursue a separate pact on medium-range forces, looking toward 50 percent cuts on both sides.
Eighty-three percent lived with a spouse and 10 percent lived alone; 15 percent lived with adult children and 11 with pre-adult children; and 5 percent lived with siblings, unrelated adults, or others.
Firefighters said the blaze broke out on the fourth floor and was not brought under control for three hours.
Knight did not make himself available for comment after the game.
Such a move would have unraveled the $4.2 billion loan from the country's 350 creditor banks, and might have required American lenders to increase their reserves against Argentine loans.
What, then, can be the value of these scripts?
At company headquarters in Denver, it installed video cameras and a sound system of rock concert quality so that the chief executive could speak to employees.
- Failing to collect sales taxes with the intent of defrauding the state of more than $10,000.
documents that firmly established Lowenstein was not an agent).''
Finally comes deployment - meaning ''to spread out on a wider front,'' from the French for ''unfold, display,'' in Russian, razvyortyvaniye - which Mr. Reagan has already agreed to negotiate before undertaking.
The Mayor opened an investigation last fall and later asked the five to resign.
A plan to send a zonal team including one Pakistani pair and two Indian pairs was offered, since the Indians would not be under similar Government orders.
Not least among these is an economic slump that has multiplied poverty and forced Peru to suspend principal and interest payments on most of its $13.5 billion foreign debt.
#3,600 Employees at Plant Aerospace industry analysts said its cancellation could be fatal to the Republic plant in Farmingdale, which employs 3,600 people.
Indeed, the group rejected all the conventional wisdom - and razzle-dazzle - about rock-and-roll stagecraft and just stood there, stock-still, wearing unprepossessing T-shirts or alligator shirts.
His collection is long on whimsy.
Waiting for Her Friends Dr. Spiegel said her mother had no immediate plans to return home.
''Machines heralded new life styles.
For swimmers, there are ''second-skin'' suits made of spandex, Lycra or other man-made fibers.
And my sister-in-law told me that she's rooting for me now.''
Looks like big tax simplification.''
Two members of the delegation had relatives in the Move building.
As the Accused (as Miss De Mille calls Lizzie Borden) Virginia Johnson revealed that she is one of our finest dramatic dancers, for she convincingly showed through her bodily tensions how the Accused was repressed by middle-class notions of propriety.
If the colt finds himself in close quarters, will he able to pull away?
If Latin America fails to reduce its foreign debt and resume economic growth, Mr. Barletta warned, ''some of those democracies will go down the drain, and what measure of democracy that has been achieved will be endangered.''
1) is somewhat derivative and overextended, but still likable when played as stylishly as it was on Sunday.
Mr. Todaro predicted that prices would rise gradually over the next 18 months in response to reduced production and the weakening position of the dollar vis a vis the Italian lire.
The coasts of Massachusetts and Rhode Island are more suited to grape growing, he said, ''but I'd be willing to bet that more than half the wineries in New England are located in Connecticut.''
''The Golden Land'' was directed by Howard Rossen, who is the associate artistic director for the South Jersey Regional Theater in Somers Point.
Similar and as tall is aruncus, goat'sbeard.
City health officials announced recently that AIDS had become the leading cause of death of New York City men in their 30's.
Mr. Celenk, a 50-year-old businessman who fled to Bulgaria in 1980 after army officers seized power in Ankara, had been sought in Turkey on smuggling charges.
The usual crowds, the black shriek of headlines, the trains waiting, backed up to the stops.
After a few seconds, the man swaggers through the open doorway, perceives the woman busy at her desk, and then sidles over to the cot next to where she is seated.
Mr. Reagan is scheduled to leave late Thursday morning for a stopover in Brussels to brief European leaders on the summit meeting.
Jan. 28, 1985 GENERAL ASSEMBLY Committee on Non-Use of Force - 3 P.M.
''From these data alone, you can't conclude whether Florida has an acid deposition problem,'' Mr. Elkins said.
''Most kids coming out of high school with their new-found freedom want to go away to college.
A secretary's ability to decide on work priorities, the ''position power'' mentioned by Dr. Eugene Bell, is often nonexistent.
Why should we let the profits accrue to the middlemen - the pimps, with their notorious and socially-wasteful corruption of vice squads - when a public commission could undertake that role?
''As for what I plan to do next, let's see what the results are first.
LEASES for the larger tenants will have to be written so that over a 10-year period they produce a rent averaging at least $40 a square foot, according to brokers.
- Not available due to Christmas holiday.
A diet for weight loss and physical fitness.
''We believe in establishing long- term targets,'' Mr. Lehr said.
There are 500 helicopters aloft, and air traffic control is stymied.
The 6-2 Bynum is the No.
The Phoenix Suns said yesterday that they have engaged Bozhidar Takev, a former coach of the Bulgarian national basketball team, to serve as an assistant trainer and interpreter for Georgi Glouchkov, the 6-foot-8-inch, 235-pound Bulgarian whom they have signed.
Mousse Of Strawberries, Zabaglione 1/2cup heavy cream 5tablespoons sugar 2tablespoons unflavored gelatin 4tablespoons sweet Marsala 1tablespoon kirsch 4egg yolks 1 1/2cups chopped strawberries Whole strawberries and whipped cream for decoration.
Don Baylor, who tripled in the second and scored on Ron Hassey's ground out, started the fourth with a single.
The Great Thanksgiving Air Sale was a striking demonstration of the mobility that most Americans are coming to take for granted.
In recent years he has performed in the Soviet capital, albeit rarely, and has occasionally traveled to the West.
She, younger than I, and with high school French, approached the ticket office and was about to plop down enough for two admissions when the woman in the booth looked at me and asked, ''Monsieur, il a quel age?''
Mr. Regan challenged an assessment by Governor Cuomo that the plan would punish New York.
One of the finest ways to prepare late-season corn is in an old-fashioned succotash, a dish that has been much maligned, misunderstood and thoroughly damned by indifferent preparation.
Grants to 10 state agencies have been made and about 10 more are due this spring.
He said suppliers of methyl bromide, a fourth EDB substitute for which the E.P.A.
''That, to me, is the overwhelming concern.''
Showcase hours are from 9 A.M. to 4 P.M., Mondays through Fridays.
(If you're still running that disco in Caracas, Cazzie, you're not forgotten.)
Then some invisible pedagogic hand led him to equate the victims of the death camps with the dead soldiers of the Third Reich.
Now, as an adult, she 'must live every day in defiance of herself, that destroying angel, who comes down from the skies bearing long scrolls, all of which tell her this is hopeless, that is hopeless, you are hopeless.'
Alas, it is not that simple.
Early in ''Ballad of the Little Soldier,'' Mr. Herzog and his crew accompany a small band of Indian commandos on a raid into Sandinista territory, which, as so often happens in a Herzog film, comes to nothing when the raiders are spotted by Government troops.
The studio contains miniature models of the Lincoln statue, and a path winding through a grove of hemlocks leads to an overlook across the hills.
It is negotiating to merge with or acquire another shop to shore up its faltering New York operation, Seeking a Global Position D'Arcy's latest merger efforts come at a time when advertising agencies are seeking to position themselves to handle clients on a global basis.
The work was composed for a piano tuned in Phillip Kirnberger's well-temperament, which derives from a system that predates the equal temperament Bach so eloquently championed.
An 85-year-old man was shot and killed by a police officer after calling the police to his home Saturday, telling them he wanted to ''go to the cemetery'' and then turning toward them with a loaded .38 caliber revolver, the authorities said.
An escrow agent holds assets as a neutral party.
Thanks to the strong dollar and the exceptional succession of good vintages, the Bordeaux pipeline has been clogged with wine and prices have been reasonable.
But the methodological problems that face Lewis W. Spitz, who teaches history at Stanford University, are no less complex or daunting.
Last year 80 players filed, but all but 10 were settled before reaching the hearing stage.
Federal officials say they weigh each case individually.
She had a way of disconcerting everyone else by coming in at the last moment - with props and devices that hadn't been rehearsed.
Illustrating the decline in note and bond yields, the 9 1/2 percent notes due in 1988 were offered late Friday at 100 18/32 to yield 9.28 percent, compared with averages at Tuesday's auction of 99 30/32 to yield 9.53 percent.
''I don't know what it is,'' he said.
But the 35 tenants who signed a petition -representing, according to one of them, Randy Martin, ''more than 75 percent of the renovating tenants'' - maintain that the arrangement masks an effort to get an unjustified ''new first rent'' under rent stabilization.
''On the Globus side, we turned away more than 20,000 people,'' said Jeffrey Joseph, executive vice president in the New York office of Globus- Gateway and Cosmos Tourama, sister escorted-tour companies based in Lugano, Switzerland.
The Governors of five Gulf Coast states met here today and called for the Defense Department to try to halt the growing drug traffic in their region.
Extremes range from 80 years in Iceland and Japan to 44 years in Afghanistan and Chad.
Mr. Greene first discovered the advantages of outdoor mirrors, he said, when he used one on a narrow balcony overlooking the East River and found that it ''opened up the entire scene.''
''My major constituency, my only constituency, is the President of the United States,'' he said.
Seven Israeli soldiers and two militiamen from the South Lebanon Army were wounded.
The announcement described the reorganization as a ''clarification of the police functions that, by constitutional mandate, remain reserved only for the preventive and judicial corps.''
Meanwhile, Southwest announced the terms of its acquisition of Muse, saying it would pay $6 for each of Muse's 4.6 million outstanding common shares, as well as exchange 0.125 share of Southwest common stock and 0.125 of a five- year warrant for one share of Southwest common stock at $35 a share.
Bishops Cite Biblical Demands In its section on the Christian vision of economic life, the letter recalled how the Bible demands justice and compassion for all people and manifests a special concern for the most vulnerable members of the community - the poor, orphans, widows and strangers.
''We believe that to travel all the way to Geneva just to get acquainted, just to look at the beauties of Lake Geneva, the beauty of Swiss mountains, that is not adequate to the leaders of two such great nations,'' he said.
'Isn't Syria's Style' But Miss Kipper said she doubted that Syria was directly behind the hijacking.
Owners are filling weed- and rust-infested yards with gravel and asphalt, stacking auto frames neatly on huge metal shelves, and cataloguing their inventories on computer.
At that point such programs as Reflex will have a clear advantage over the older, disk-intensive varieties.
A ngel Cordero rode Chief's Crown in his first race last year as a 2-year-old, finishing fourth by 11 lengths.
You had to get a bath and dress up before they'd let you in.
Bell rounded second and got half way to third with Willie Randolph in pursuit when he saw that Upshaw had been held at third.
But Carlos Solchaga, who was named Economy Minister last month in an unexpected cabinet shake-up, is not deviating from the policies of his predecessor, Miguel Boyer.
The Gators were also stripped of the Southeastern Conference title, which they won for the first time last season.
Westfall, former commander of the Norfolk Naval Shipyard, president and chief operating officer.
Government construction projects were up 10 percent, reaching $55.8 billion.
Although the plastic had already been tested for safety by the supplier, the designers still had to take numerous safety standards into account.
But a few familiar voices went out into the night sky - Aretha Franklin, Stevie Wonder, Tina Turner - and celebration characterized Studio 17A.
As he fell to the floor, Dantley hit him across the bridge of the nose.
''We've made no step into the business at all.''
Aerospace experts expect the test around 3 P.M. Friday, Eastern daylight time.
The election pits Prime Minister Robert Mugabe and his ruling Zimbabwe African National Union-Patriotic Front against the Zimbabwe African People's Union headed by Joshua Nkomo.
The first of four MX votes, two in each house of Congress, has been scheduled for the Senate on Tuesday.
The importance of the change of faces in American TV and advertising generally over the last generation is highlighted by the contrast here.
I don't know what this is going to do it.''
With them talking peace while we're testing weapons of war, is Mr. Gorbachev beating you at your own game?
CBS yesterday dismissed Mr. Turner's efforts, as it has before, contending that they were not serious.
The percentage of blacks who identified themselves as Republicans or said they leaned toward the Republican Party was 15 percent in 1981, according to the Times/CBS News Polls.
Recalling India as a country that has led calls for economic sanctions against South Africa, he appealed for the total elimination of the system of racial separation.
It is still new enough so that the stores with second- and third-generation owners have not been displaced.
The accident occurred on Feb. 9 at 50th Street and Third Avenue in Sunset Park, Miss Holtzman's office said.
Funeral services will be private.
''Now for the first time, we have a center where the community can meet and we can help each with our problems,'' said Chhan Mey, president of the Khmer Buddhist Society.
The second witness was Susan Brown, a computer consultant who, in September 1983, was tending bar at the Pyramid Club.
The cast includes Amy Engelberg and Sam Johnson, who, together with Wendy Engelberg, wrote the play.
Even with that relatively small increase, the cost of military personnel has come under some attack in Congress, with Senator Warren Rudman, Republican of New Hampshire, wanting to cut 150,000 from the total strength while others are seeking to hold down pay increases.
''So I got in the elevator and for some odd reason pushed six.''
In one case you've imposed sanctions, in the other you're speaking of constructive engagement.
The meeting of Warsaw Pact leaders would have been Mr. Chernenko's first trip abroad since he became the Soviet leader in February 1984 after the death of Yuri V. Andropov.
The immense traffic, as many as 500,000 people a month, has stirred a legal battle between Mr. Copeland and some of his neighbors.
The results are surprisingly good; occasionally even wonderful.
He said that Katharine Sergeant Angell was considered ''the intellectual soul'' of the magazine, serving as fiction editor and encouraging many gifted writers.
But for the dedicated Beatles fan with ample discretionary income, the answer is a resounding yes.
Two alkaline batteries should provide enough power to permit as many as 25 discs to be exposed.
The tour was one of several, sponsored by the Hungry Pedalers Gourmet Bicycle Tours, through New York's ethnic neighborhoods.
As a result of reading this engaging book, we shall certainly know which ancestral sisters to thank when that time arrives.
That is an increase of eight in the last three years, and one of the key switchers is Senator Robert C. Byrd, Democrat of West Virginia, the minority leader.
team folded during this period.
''I came out as the heavy because of the motorcycle guys,'' said Mustafa Muhammad.
The new Blue Note is following the lead of the 1960's company by grooming an in-house band; the group, featuring the pianist Harry Pickens, will play on its own as Out of the Blue and accompany other musicians, developing - with luck - the kind of fiery interplay that made old Blue Note sessions classics.
Although this problem is not new -A.T.&T.
Ayun Halliday, a member of the No Fun Mud Piranhas, said, ''The way we found out was by a note tacked up on a board.''
It is very easy to break.''
This fairy-tale world existed on the eve of the Second World War; a few years later the same waters were infested with German submarines.
All that was just 20 years ago.
for austerity programs before loans are extended.
Matinees are Wednesday at noon, Saturday at 3:30 P.M. and Sunday at 2:30.
As a signal of its cutbacks in buying grapes, the Taylor Wine Company offered to buy a tiny quota of grapes from Mr.
'' People with a sideline business are also entitled to business deductions, but the amount that can be claimed depends on the profit motive.
The region has been the scene of pro-Afghan activities by a tribal leader, Wali Khan Kukikhel, who is said to have been receiving arms from the Afghan Government.
''There was a time when I would go back to the transcript and study the words, hoping it would unlock some secret.
Put the yolks and sugar in a heavy saucepan or casserole.
's domestic hub in St. Louis and its service center in Kansas City, some 11,000 of its 26,000 employees work in Missouri.
They said South African experts would be in London the same day, but it remained unclear whether Fritz Leutwiler, the former Swiss central bank head who agreed Thursday to act as mediator, would meet with both sides separately or together.
Many of her pupils, she reports with horror, come to her from doctors who have prescribed surgery, drugs, physical therapy - or else advised them to find other professions.
But in the rest of ''Marital Arts,'' he loses sight of it.
Staub, who like the Vice President and Roussel has a home in Texas, began the weekend by attending a festive affair for Mr. Bush Friday night, then went to a Texas party Saturday night and an inaugural ball at Kennedy Center Monday night.
Two Department Stores The shopping center and the first four apartment buildings, which will include 1,504 units, are moving into construction and will be finished by 1987, he said.
Mr. Wilson used the budget to present several ideas for public discussion.
But our public officials, who cannot see beyond immediate financial gain, are not concerned with that.
When Dr. DeVries examined him about 6 P.M. he noticed a slight weakness on the left side that he initially thought might be related to the increased physical exercise program Mr. Haydon had been undergoing in recent days.
Since we pulled out of Vietnam and Cambodia in 1975, we have tried to deny the consequences of our actions there.
But I think with time in the game, being able to play, you learn more about yourself.
If I do, shoot me.''
An ill-famed bordello in the slums of a provincial city on the upper Amazon forms a principal setting for Mario Vargas Llosa's novel, first published in Spanish in 1965.
The concrete barriers will replace the metal dividers that failed in 38 accidents between January 1981 and December 1983, allowing a vehicle to either vault them or crash through into oncoming traffic.
-who live under hills and in shoes, and who sometimes sweep the cobwebs from the sky.
The Zenith Electronics Corporation followed suit, announcing it would raise prices on some color televisions and videocassette recorders.
The teams that will meet in Giants Stadium Sunday have sound, stingy defenses that discourage opponents from running.
He seemed to me to miss the geniality of the third ''Trout'' variation, which could with gain (especially in Friday's company) have been less directional, more ambling.
But it's a strange season.''
And I'm happy and proud to be part of this Administration.''
Beef herds in the United States reached a peak of 132 million animals in 1975, according to Agriculture Department figures.
In fact, publishers like to rattle off lists of best sellers - ''In Search of Excellence,'' ''Watership Down'' - that received little or no advertising when they were launched.
He was also a 6-foot-4-inch, 190- pound defensive end who was not prepared to take on 250- pound offensive tackles.
The members of the tax planning and compliance department of Chemical Bank sent a check for $414, ''in lieu of exchanging holiday cards.''
The second $35,000 leg of the Presidential Pacing Series, which has a $115,000 final on Feb. 14 is the feature.
''Attempting to stay alive, we squeezed the payroll and this created low operating standards in the stores.''
But now the end of the world is nigh, for ''an ecological crisis of some magnitude seems to be at hand.''
''I don't belong to the people who makes long-term plans as far as my life is concerned,'' she said, grinning, ''because I always like to take advantage of serendipity.''
''We heard last night he's coming,'' said O'Brien in a telephone interview.
The bride, until recently a senior occupational therapist at the Rusk Institute of Rehabilitation Medicine at the New York University Medical Center, graduated from the Westover School and Briarcliff College and received a B.S.
For Washington seems a city seized by a frenzy of festivity.
''It was generally considered that a voluntary 1 percent was a fair guide in support of the party,'' Mr. D'Amato said.
His case was a rare exception.
Normally I never get around to securing expansion cards properly, even though it only requires one screw.
Revenues advanced 2.7 percent, to $97.28 billion, from $94.73 billion.
Dr. Irving Leveson, senior vice president of Research of Hudson Strategy Group, Croton-on-Hudson, N.Y., called for a third world safety net to include increased standby lending authority for the World Bank and a sharp expansion of its cofinancing arrangements with private lending institutions.
His stepson, Mr. Semyonov, said his normal weight was 175 pounds.
Some of Papp's longtime colleagues feel that in recent years, as the actress Estelle Parsons puts it, ''he's become more protective of himself, more careful, more aware of his position as a leader in the theater.''
For 1980, he exported only his preferred, and more complex, blend.
The State Department is looking for a permanent residence in Washington for the Secretary of State, a move that would elevate George P. Shultz and his successors to the housing status enjoyed by the President and Vice President.
High-technology alternatives, however well intentioned, are a constitutionally inadequate substitute.
Mrs. Tsang is one of 18,000 unionized garment workers who have immigrated to Chinatown in large waves since 1965.
Both the Securities and Exchange Commission and the North American Securities Administrators Association are considering the possibility of tough standards for this business.
Erasmus was primarily a scholar who spent much of his time reading and writing and this is reflected in the museum-house in Anderlecht, the Brussels quarter in which the Augustinian order of monks, to which the great intellectual belonged, had erected a chapter house to entertain distinguished guests and accommodate famous visitors.
Lown Address Your majesty, your royal highness, Mr. Chairman, colleagues in the International Physicians for the Prevention of Nuclear War, friends, distinguished ladies and gentlemen, Mr. Aarvik's remarks are deeply moving and focus profoundly on the essential problems of our age.
With the Orioles trailing, 2-0, in the fourth inning, Murray hit his first run-scoring double, following a leadoff walk to Cal Ripken Jr. Gary Roenicke doubled off the right foot of the pitcher, Bill Krueger, to drive in Murray, then came around to score the go-ahead run on a passed ball by Mike Heath and Fred Lynn's infield out.
Robert North's ''Troy Game'' is one of Dance Theater of Harlem's happiest dances.
Yesterday he added: ''It seemed to me at the time that it was not a wild surmise to think that Shakespeare might have been the author.
''Within the last 20 years,'' he said, ''I have introduced instruments and changed the band as I see the need.
According to Mrs Harris of the education department, the state is attempting to increase the amount of space allowed because schools now need more room for special-education courses and computer programming classes.
Differences in Economies One difference, he said, is that ''we have a shrinking population and the United States has a growing population.''
Richard C. Wade, a Distinguished Professor of History at the Graduate Center of the City University of New York and a specialist in American history, said yesterday that the new evidence, three generations after the fact, is not conclusive from the viewpoint of historical scholarship.
The state is also very conservative with Medicaid, the health care program for the poor, ranking 48th among the states in the level of payments under the system.
He participated in the making of 20 feature films, including ''Snow White and the Seven Dwarfs,'' ''Pinocchio,'' ''Fantasia,'' ''Cinderella,'' ''The Jungle Book'' and his final feature, ''The Fox and the Hound.''
3 SKELETON CREW, by Stephen King.
But in the past Sandinista officials have admitted they have made mistakes in their early dealings with the Indians who live in the Atlantic coast region.
You file things in your memory.
Share earnings adjusted to reflect a 3-for-2 stock split paid in Febuary 1985.
Common Stock * Kings Road Entertainment Inc. is making an initial public offering of 1.5 million common shares at $10 a share through Furman Selz Mager Dietz & Birney Inc. * Somerset Bancorp is offering 300,000 common shares at $19.75 a share through Moseley, Hallgarten, Estabrook & Weeden Inc. * Spec's Music Inc., a specialty retailer of prerecorded music and video products, has filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission for 600,000 common shares through Ladenburg, Thalmann & Co. * VHA Enterprises Inc. is offering 10 million common shares at $4 a share through Morgan Stanley & Co. * Wholesale Club Inc. has filed for 2.4 million common shares through Smith Barney, Harris Upham & Co. Ratings * Gulf States Utilities Co.'s debt rating was raised on first-mortgage bonds to Baa-2, from Baa-3, by Moody's Investors Service.
Someone previously uninvolved with the project, running through the documentation and the spreadsheet itself prior to its implementation, will often discover flaws or possible error-generating procedures overlooked by the originator because of a necessarily close involvement with the model.
She pointedly compared the situations in Poland and Nicaragua.
W. David Montgomery, director of the Office of Energy Markets and End Use for the Federal Energy Information Administration, said his office expects retail prices to be about 2 cents lower this winter than last winter, or about $1.06 a gallon.
They offered wage and benefit concessions in return for stock and a profit-sharing program.
Since there is a charge of rape under Chinese law, his offense evidently was less severe.
If anyone can predict the health business right now, that's a miracle.''
The order says the Government of India should join in the consolidated complaint if possible, but said that if India ''wishes to maintain a separate action, the court will not expect it to join in the consolidated complaint.''
''It is not too long, too costly, too divisive or too messy,'' he said.
She's 86 and frail, but still able to live alone.
He was traveling and could not be reached for comment.
43) rang out with ample authority.
A few legislatures remain in session, but their decisions on taxes have largely been made.
With financing from the National Science Foundation, Dr. Maxworthy and other researchers have developed a computer-operated model that allows them to study the wing's interactions with the surrounding air.
According to Mr. Gades and Mr. Saura, ''Love, the Magician'' grew out of their eagerness to produce a work that would further explore flamenco as a film art.
Almost all have spent time in jail during the last 20 years; some have been forced into exile.
The new agreement calls for phone links between the Tokyo air traffic control center and centers in Anchorage and Khabarovsk.
Manufacturing Systems Selenia is hardly a household word for most Americans.
A new memory needs time to become incorporated with other associations and pre- existing knowledge, he said.
After a month, Mr. Ross had completed all his reading for the first term and was ready, as one friend put it, ''to kibitz, coast, hustle and help everybody else.''
''We didn't eat,'' he said, ''we drank whiskey all night.
Dinner for two costs between $25 and $45.
She will review the history of collecting of 19th-century paintings in America and will speak of international trends and of what the market is.
Injured Player Withdraws Gil Morgan withdrew from the British Open today because of a torn shoulder muscle, reducing the American contingent to 31.
To the Editor: I wonder whether others share my feeling that the leaders of Congress have no right to tell us there may be ''no time'' to pass a tax reform bill this year.
Last year, Newfoundland exported more than $740 million worth of iron ore and other minerals, and $300 million each of fish and wood pulp.
This was only a short time after the Cardinals had been defeated by the Dodgers, 4-1, in the first game of the four-of-seven National League championship series.
because of its mouse, icons and pull-down windows - and thus opens the door of corporate America to the Apple.
In England, for example, one British player admitted that women's rugby is still regarded as ''a bit of a joke.''
Michael Annunziata , who is leading a battle to prevent destruction of the cemetery, said he had buried two dogs there at a cost of $400.
Joyce Morrison, a budget office spokesman, acknowledged that a bill was being drafted and had been distributed to senior officials for comment.
''Gentrification is good in terms of stabilizing neighborhoods,'' Mrs. Love said.
* Clayton Homes Inc. filed for an offering of 1.4 million common shares, through Prudential-Bache Securities Inc. * Crazy Eddie Inc. filed for an offering of 1 million common shares, through Oppenheimer & Co. * Encore Computer Corp. filed for an initial public offering of 5 million common shares, through Hambrecht & Quist International.
''Two of the pieces hadn't been scheduled in many years and one, Janacek's 'Taras Bulba,' had never been played at all in Hartford, so we really had to work like crazy to get it prepared.
In the den, there is a picture of George Burns.
This should be an all-American weekend,'' Giorgio said over the phone from Torino, shouting because of the bad connection.
Of that group, 51 percent said they favored it while 45 percent said they were against it.
Almost to the end of the book, the animals are the philoso-phers; their shrewdness.
There was something he had forgotten, either a portion of his dream or something that had happened earlier, some dark event which hovered at the edges of his mind.
The New York Choral Society conducted by Robert DeCormier placed these pieces side by side at Carnegie Hall Saturday night, and had the performances been better, the contrasts in character and quality might have been more vivid.
Because it is available nowhere else, ''for us, this is alternative programming,'' said Miss LaValle.
I believe we will break the 5 percent and maybe even the 6 percent barrier in 1986.''
Many civilians spent the sleepless night huddled in basements, while others were trapped in their apartments unable to move because the fighters had barricaded themselves on rooftops.
A recent study by Common Cause fiercely criticized the F.D.A.
Dec. 25, 1985 Sources: Dr. K. L. Franklin; United States Naval Observatory
According to the figures, ridership was down by 3.38 percent from January through May of this year compared with to the same period of 1984.
John W. Fried, an assistant district attorney, said that the prosecution never intended to argue that asphyxiation upon arrival at Bellevue caused Mr. Stewart's death.
The marriage of Dr. Lucy Emerson Collins and Harry Martin Davidow took place yesterday at the New York home of the bridegroom's brother and sister-in-law, Joel Davidow and Dr. Debra Miller.
I think we were too strong for you.''
Athough people whose blood cholesterol level is 200 milligrams to 300 milligrams are considered ''normal'' by many doctors, Dr. Dietschy said such levels were ''in fact, probably very high.''
Just as training has changed in the county, so has the police work.
* The ''impairment'' of security by the ''misuse'' of private security guards in the observation of patients, the chauffeuring of hospital staff from the center to their homes and in delivering Medical Center supplies.
The beluga tin, surrounded by ice, was flanked by a Scotch salmon and pate de foie gras.
King Hussein, disappointed at delays in a $1.9 million arms deal with the United States, declared today that Jordan would seek weapons from any available source.
She then studied in New York and while she remains attached to the Folkwang troupe and does choreograph for ensembles, she herself is known as a dance soloist.
Mrs. Simpson was acquitted of one count Friday but a Federal jury could not reach agreement on 10 other vote fraud charges against her.
And now, with another year's Tony awards about to be presented, I am thinking about the silver disk on my desk.
Negotiators for major trucking companies and the International Brotherhood of Teamsters tentatively agreed on a contract today, but talks continued between the union and representatives of hundreds of smaller companies.
Most of those purchases are made by women.
Some of these silent films will be shown with German intertitles, since the existing German prints are superior to those in English.
The guerrillas then fired on the Israeli vessel with small arms and rocket-propelled grenades as they tried to escape, the communique said.
The idea of summer ski camps grew.
Ten other buildings that have asbestos in some areas also will be opened but use of certain rooms may be restricted while work continues.
Dispute on Self-Defense Forces The program said that, as part of a ''conscious effort'' to minimize estimates of enemy strength, General Westmoreland had ordered the removal of the Vietcong's self-defense forces from the order of battle and refused to permit their inclusion in the special assessment for the President.
''But, assuming the shelves are empty after Christmas, some new items may cost less in just a few months,'' said George R. Frankovich, executive director of the Manufacturing Jewelers and Silversmiths of America, in Providence, R.I. For other products the lower prices may show up later in the year.
''When you deal with an expository form like this you have nothing to shield you.
Yet any Robbins-watcher should know that some of his most interesting results stem from his supposed challenge to a score.
Several years ago, he said, the marchers ''wrecked the place.''
Ko-Ko's wards are seen on everything from a satin bookmark to advertisements.
And if the mood at the last challengers' meeting prevails, there may be an effort to unite against Australian involvement in how those races are organized.
But it does give us a sense of complexity.
QUESTION: On the part of the main scoreboard at Shea Stadium where out-of-town baseball scores are recorded, there is a column, separate from the innings column, that is labeled ''1G'' and has never been used in games I've attended.
The ambivalence struck by the anniversary celebrations was also evident in the prolonged applause that Mr. Gorbachev drew by naming Stalin near the opening of his speech.
Jan Smejkal, a 39-year-old Czechoslovakian grandmaster, scored 9-4 to win first prize in the Baden-Baden International Tournament.
''This week's announcements,'' said The Sunday Times of Johannesburg, ''have finally imploded the apartheid structure.''
But if we can say that this virtually makes those weapons, if not obsolete, certainly most ineffective - the nuclear weapons - then we've got a real reason for saying now let's all do away with them.
Some Western space experts speculated that the commander's illness might require emergency surgery, such as removal of kidney stones or appendicitis.
But never was there malicious intent, and he came to be loved and appreciated by teammates and opponents for his intense desire to, as he said, ''play the game the way it's supposed to be played.''
Unusually wet weather last year stabilized the subsoil under the leaning tower of Pisa and reduced its additional tilt to 0.019 inch off the vertical compared with an annual average of 0.047 inch, officials said today.
The recipient of an Order of Lenin, he was also awarded the State Prize of the U.S.S.R. in 1973.
Kelley's telephone number is (716) 865-0055.
Afterwards, Mr. Reagan and Vice President Bush, who also renewed his oath today, ducked into the icy wind gusting at the North Portico and posed for an instant for photographers.
including one to the policeman.
The 11-member American delegation plans to talk only about sales of nonstrategic goods, including food- processing equipment and agricultural machinery, with no military application.
''The bus-radio program has been a disaster by every definition,'' Mr. Goldin said.
In our time Maria Callas and Joan Sutherland have been the memorable Normas, each in her own way matchless as the Druid priestess betrayed by a caddish Roman lover.
The bonds are rated A-2 by Moody's and A+ by S.& P. Following the bond sale, the company said it is offering to repurchase $150 million of outstanding first mortgage bonds of its Texas Power and Light Company and Texas Electric Service Company divisions.
In an average week I had two legitimate responses - meaning from private buyers or builders who took the words ''principals only'' to mean just what they said.
With a trio, Mr. Harris delivered a light, whimsical ''Salt Peanuts'' and ''Now's the Time'' enlivened by a surprise soloist, the violinist Bruce Hingson.
''A woman can offer another point of view, meet the players' mothering needs.
Mr. Abbas and his spokesmen said again today that none of the hijackers killed Mr. Klinghoffer, who they said had probably died of a heart attack.
At a news conference during celebrations of the 10th anniversary of the fall of Saigon, Le Duc Tho, a leading Vietnamese Politburo member, warned that unless the regional and world powers seize the moment and begin talks on a political solution for Cambodia, ''the thing will solve itself militarily.''
Contaminated soil and material will be stored temporarily at the former site of the S.C.A.
''I did want him to understand that there is a difference between a victim's suffering and a soldier's suffering - let alone a Nazi's.''
Pursuing the hypothesis that something aberrant concerning an HLA factor may tip the balance between normal immune regulation and an autoimmune disease, he and his colleagues tried to treat a laboratory induced autoimmune kidney disease of mice.
''Master Furniture Makers of the 80's,'' Gallery Henoch, 80 Wooster Street, at Broome Street, 212-966-6360.
Elsewhere, the emphasis is on choral music, with further birthday celebrations of Bach leading the way.
The school is a state-legislated program whose purpose is to provide educational opportunities for talented students.
His coach was getting nervous.
Shelton had available land and a quality of life that suited us.''
Mr. Newman seemed startled by the crowd that gathered for his appearance.
The Federal Home Loan Bank Board assisted the merger with a $1.75 million cash infusion and by agreeing to indemnify Sterling, which had $118 million in assets, against litigation and any undisclosed liabilities.
As a good pepper steak should, this one takes you right to the threshold of pain, then backs off.
The aide attributed the delay to difficulties in reporting for the first time on the complex new system.
But in households where the traditional trimmings are the stars of the table, home cooks are eager to entertain new ways of presenting them: cranberries cooked in Port, a stuffing made of something other than bread, pumpkin pie with a ginger-nut crust.
* Re-evaluating the design of the bulkhead at the rear of the passenger cabin.
Disagreement persisted between Mr. Cuomo and the legislative leaders over the causes of the delay, but all agreed that the prolonged wrangling over tax cuts made it impossible to focus on other elements of the budget.
Mr. Constance said he would prefer the merchant bank to be a specialized ''boutique'' investment bank, while Manufacturers Hanover wanted to offer a broader range of services.
He was hitting just .215 at the time, but more significant was the team's slump during his absence.
He wanted to illustrate what he meant by the big visual idea.
During the exhibition season, they have often swiped at the opposition gratuitously, as if fighting, in and of itself, is a legitimate avenue.
Considering that the U.S. has more coal and uranium than any other nation, and only 4 percent of world oil reserves (the Middle East has 60 percent), the path we should be taking seems clear.
It is in the Tsurumi-ku district.
He said she screamed and kicked at him as he pursued her on the roof of the apartment house where his father was the superintendent.
Perhaps this sense of an ending makes him a little more indulgent toward the barbarous aspects of the chivalric world than he would otherwise have been; but it has also moved him to produce an unforgettable picture of chivalry in action.
The remains of Janie Allen, 40 years old, and her daughter, Kimberly Lidyard, were found Oct. 27 in a wash near Needles, 220 miles east of downtown Los Angeles, said Deputy Dennis Casey of San Bernardino County.
And the association recommended that ''gifted'' female athletes be prevented from playing on boys' teams in the same sport.
The previous decor of institutional green and yellow has been painted over in an attractive shade that the track decorators insist is really called ''mutuel blue,'' and blue-and-white tiles have replaced the linoleum in front of the betting windows.
Contacts Between Groups Mr. Metzger said he now heads the White People's Political Association, which he described as a ''white nationalist'' organization.
After their three-day inspection, the Tonkawa will be salvaged and the hearing will resume.
(Without meals, deduct $5 from the price.)
Prices of grain and soybean futures were mostly lower on the Chicago Board of Trade.
The initial impression of the Decoration and Design Building, ''the D & D'' as it is known in the design world, is as workaday as it is glamorous.
I see a lot of devastation, a lot of destruction, a lot of turmoil.
A few companies are also researching bacterial action.
The success of this aspect of the sales campaign will not be known until the end of the month, when the 90-day period in which tenants may buy at the discounted price expires.
The Balsams is distinguished by its hotel, a huge, white-towered 19th-century European structure, something of a throwback to the gilded age of winter resorts.
It is a type of brandy, in that it goes through the same distillation and aging processes.
Senator Jim Sasser, Democrat of Tennessee, has also requested an investigation by the General Accounting Office, an investigative arm of Congress.
's PCjr, retailers may have no choice but to deal with Mr. Tramiel.
The two major medical problems from exposure are hypothermia, or loss of body heat, and frostbite, they added.
''Why did Chmielewski come up with such an improbable explanation,'' the lawyer said.
Need for Saudi Help Cited ''Our willingness to meet Saudi or other Arab requests for arms strengthens the perception of balance in our approach to the peace process and our standing as a reliable friend,'' the study said.
The Connecticut General Life Insurance Company holds a $1.2 million mortgage on it, according to records in a Fillmore County land office.
Dr. Thorpy said headbanging was common in infants aged 9 to 12 months and usually stoppeds by 18 months old.
To make arrangements at either place, contact Adventure Guides, 36 East 57th Street, New York, N.Y. 10022 (212-355-6334).
The new nasal flu vaccine has been developed from viruses grown by Dr. John Masaab of University of Michigan, whose success rested on an old trick, growing the viruses at far lower than normal temperature, and on some of the latest tools of molecular biology.
Right off, he confesses that ''I was doing peyote when I took my SATs,'' adding that his score was phenomenally high.
She has been charged with one count of murder and 13 counts of furnishing heroin and cocaine to the actor and comedian.
''We are trying to create a closer tie between the business community and the college community,'' the association's program director, James H. Terry, said.
Duane R. Kullberg, chief executive of Andersen, said discussions began last September and a formal agreement is expected within six months.
Taking this bait, the writer dives deeper and comes up with a ''Dodger dynasty'' that extends back from the present to 1947!
Mrs. Wilmot went to her box, Alfred Gwynne Vanderbilt to his, Humphrey and Julia Statter to theirs, and Mr. Phipps to his.
The spokesman for the Israeli-Jewish relief organization, which is a semiofficial Government body, said: ''The last planeload arrived Saturday night.
''I was just trying to listen to 'er run.''
Brooklyn Tech is now 1-3.
Governor Cuomo decided earlier this month against legislative action to help plug the M.T.A.
The book also chronicles man's long struggle to uncover the mysteries of the cosmos and contains striking photographs detailing everything from Galileo's rough sketches of the moon to the nearly 30 futuristic radio telescopes of the Very Large Array complex in New Mexico.
Through Nov. 27, the medical teams here had examined more than 2,300 homeless people; Newark officials estimate there are about 8,500 who inhabit a netherworld of abandoned buildings, emergency shelters, public facilities, welfare hotels and residential rehabilitation centers.
Farm buildings suffered $318,000 damage, he added.
Until Paul Prudhomme takes his traveling restaurant show to Budapest, it will probably be the only one in the world.
Maybe we need to be working with groups that represent both sexes.''
I have never seen a straight man in an AIDS group with gay men.''
No other trouble was reported from elsewhere in the country.
But in this kind of position, the public ought to be protected.''
Not all analysts are so optimistic about the airline stock outlook as Mr. Mackinney.
A large-scale nuclear war would cause many more deaths from devastating fires, climatic changes and radiation than previously estimated, as well as a variety of long-term medical problems like AIDS, cancer and rampant infection, scientists asserted today.
The report also said that Federal and state governments should take a more active role in encouraging preservation of historical structures by providing a system of incentives either through tax credits for restoring a landmark building or through direct appropriations to attract developers and investors.
His father is a vice president of the Gestetner Corporation, a business machines concern in Yonkers.
Escalante's tests continue, and he is tapped by fortune: ''He sat there, sat at the table, watching her small hands shuffle the cards, and as she worked he became convinced of one thing: Her down card, the one he couldn't see, was another picture.
Is your luck running out?
I have inflammation in there and, every time I pitch, it feels it'll be tough for me to pick up a ball for two or three days.''
Let us thank God for our families, friends, and neighbors, and for the joy of this very festival we celebrate in His name.
One guest at a time will work in the kitchen, on designated evenings, then dine with the chef afterward.
Don Fauls, who has been the head trainer for 30 years at Florida State, called it ''the hottest game day we ever saw.''
The votes took place last week.
In both rounds of confirmation hearings, Senator Edward M. Kennedy, Democrat of Massachusetts, indicated that he was dissatisfied with Mr. Meese's stance on civil rights and his role in shaping Administration policy in that area.
Mr. Seder's letter said Coastal's offer would be submitted to the board of American Natural Resources ''in due course.''
SOME dances seem designed to get the stars out onto the stage and the audience cheering.
A second, consisting of a vegetable and tuna filling, was served at home just for pleasure.
''We knew that once the situation became critical, he could be kept alive for weeks for no real purpose at all,'' said the patient's brother.
The President's 1987 budget would also halve the Federal appropriation for the Tennessee Valley Authority, from $118 million in the current fiscal year to $58 million in 1987, according to agency officials.
He reconstructs at numerous points in the narrative the arrival at Polish places called Auschwitz, Treblinka, and Sobibor of the long, creaking trains that carried doomed Jews from all over Europe.
Most Salvadorans in the United States did not apply for asylum, preferring to stay illegally rather than risk being sent home.
''I used to go to Crane's Beach when I was in high school, and I saw this magnificent mansion high on a hill, overlooking the beach,'' said Mitchell Asch, a municipal bond trader who was married to Patricia Vogt, a corporate bond broker, at Castle Hill a year ago.
We have an interesting look at Soweto, the biggest African city after Cairo, and hear about its problems with apartheid and its need for more train service.
Keith Miller played at Oral Roberts University, jumped to the Carolina League, then jumped to the Texas League in one year.
After a program is entered in the memory it can be reviewed by pushing a button that displays the schedule on the clock.
Mr. Dole's remark reflected anger among Senate Republicans over Mr. Reagan's decision to accept cost-of-living increases in Federal pensions, including Social Security, without insisting on compensating spending cuts in return.
With regard to the West, those seeming ''contradictions'' crop up again.
His accommodation to the school setting was to allow the use of informal procedures to satisfy the Constitution's due-process requirement.
The changes have been small and well- intentioned, but, while trying to make her play more dramatic, the author has vitiated its strength as a soliloquy of a soul in anguish.
He sees himself as an open-minded reformer.
has not defined its plans.
Reagan Administration Alarmed The fast-growing Communist insurgency has alarmed the Reagan Administration as a potential threat to American interests in the Philippines, where the United States has two large military bases.
The panel also approved a ban on the use of Federal funds by agencies that ''advocate'' abortion, although doctors could discuss the procedure.
In fact, it could come as early as tomorrow, when the league's executive committee meets in Chicago for the sole purpose of choosing a successor.
Demonstrations of spinning, weaving, soap- and candle-making.
''Sometimes,'' Mr. Wine said, ''the waiters give part of the tips to the cooks.
He said ''many hurdles'' remained in the path to mutual understanding.
In a rare interview last week, Miss Streisand, who was in New York to make a video for the song ''Somewhere'' (from ''West Side Story''), talked about her career in show business and the high price of her legendary perfectionism.
The company also named Cynthia J. Macfarland associate publisher of consumer advertising for Diversion magazine, a monthly devoted to physicians.
At times, the workshops were a vehicle for coaches to vent the frustrations that come with a job that, they said, requires a lot of time and dedication for very little pay and brings with it second guessing from every ''would be'' coach.
Only a few full jersey skirts under waist-length jackets provided any surcease from the demand for a sleek, perfect figure.
Mixed Picture The data of the past few weeks, indeed, have presented a mixed picture of the economy's strength, and many believe the Fed has delayed action pending more conclusive evidence that the economy really is weak.
Last week, Mr. Meese asked the Government to pay $720,923 in legal expenses he ran up during a recent investigation of his finances by an independent counsel.
Mr. Lynch said that only Congress has the power to pass such an ''official secrets act'' making it a crime to disclose classified information to the news media, and that Congress had never done so.
In his message prepared for the lawmakers, and made public today, Mr. Kean said a ''robust economy'' had enabled him to recommend the initiatives in the budget, many of them designed to be one-shot programs, but he warned the lawmakers against any attempt to enlarge the budget.
In each of these plays, as in ''Joe Egg,'' the narrative is interrupted by a second line of comic attack, often comedy sketches - asides from the author.
In Indian shops, like those along Lexington Avenue around 28th and 29th Streets, there are varieties of yellow, black and orange lentils that make beautifully colored Indian dals.
Mr. Mosher, who is 36 years old, said the Stanford president's decision ''is particularly disconcerting to me because I was exonerated on many points of fact and some of the charges against me.''
But there is also the unmeasurable psychological effect of other developments - threats and suspicions of sabotage; the 17-day ordeal of the Trans World Airlines passengers and crew members held hostage in Beirut; the crash of a small commuter plane that claimed the life of Samantha Smith, the schoolgirl who had captured the attention of Soviet leaders with her pleas for peace.
The appointment was seen by many public officials as a preliminary step toward Mr. Wagner's becoming president of the seven-member board, which would give him a leading role in making school policy.
''SURRENDER (A FLIRTATION)'' is a crude little rock musical that wants to be two things at once - a standard boy-meets-girl comedy and a poetic rock-and-roll meditation on youthful dreams written in the vocabulary of Sam Shepard and Patti Smith.
Other Hijackings Recalled ''The Arabs claim they are fighting against Zionism, not Jews,'' the Prime Minister said.
Red Sox 11, Indians 9 Red Sox 7, Indians 4 BOSTON (AP) - Steve Crawford picked up his seventh and eighth saves of the season as Boston swept a doubleheader.
The advisory committee's precise recommendations have not been published, and Dr. Glazer, when asked if he was sure the committee had recommended a more quantitative approach, said, ''You know, oddly enough, I don't know that for a fact.''
One of the sarong skirts is even made in platinum suede.
Overwhelmed by the bleakness of his life, Bob abruptly decides to move his wife and children to Florida, in hopes of finding something better.
They get good power hitting from Pedro Guerrero, Mike Marshall and, occasionally, Greg Brock.
You need not have suffered through the wobbly high heels and tight strapless dresses of the 1950's to recognize what the women in Pina Bausch's dance-theater piece ''Kontakthof'' are communicating as they parade onstage in this attire for nearly three hours.
Amdahl is now 49 percent-owned by Fujitsu, Japan's leading computer company, and much of the equipment it sells is made by Fujitsu.
Many of today's songwriters argue that romance isn't as important as material values or sex.
''All I'm doing is making suggestions,'' he said.
Afghan and Soviet soldiers have surrounded the embassy compound since Thursday, apparently in an effort to insure that the Soviet soldier is not smuggled out.
It is a splendid example of a cool design vocabulary made warm by good lighting and just enough use of soft materials to offset the predominantly white and gray-white tone.
Put that way, the question provides its own answer.
''The bells would be ringing,'' he said.
Mark Gubicza (5-4,)worked five innings and allowed four runs but earned his fourth consecutive victory with relief help from Joe Beckwith and Dan Quisenberry.
I say, 'You're going to be disappointed - we don't do a show.
The Cessna Aircraft Company's stock rose sharply, closing at $25 a share, up $4.75, as new rumors spread that the company may be a takeover target.
While the tights provide an air of vigor and movement, and the oversized clothes a casual, relaxed approach, together they become - as the photographs here show - exotic, even mysterious.
We could not come back and hold the playoffs and World Series if there were a long interruption.
and Mr. Pascarella said, ''Yes, Your Honor.''
We had a fine - one of the best - economics departments.
One of the plants is scheduled to begin commercial operation this weekend, while the second unit, which is set for completion in mid-1987, is several months ahead of schedule.
The director, Noel Black, gets a reasonable amount of tension out of a script by Andrew Peter Marin that works well enough when it isn't flirting with Freud.
Their first major clash was over an embargo on overseas sales of certain kinds of oil and gas equipment, a move intended to slow down construction of a natural-gas pipeline from the Soviet Union to Europe.
We acted against murderous criminals in order to prevent the continuation of their criminal acts.''
They appear in Book 16 of the Iliad, on the death of the Greek hero Patroclus, Achilles's friend, and they reappear, a ghostly refrain, in Book 22 on the death of the Trojan hero Hector, Patroclus's killer and finally victim of Achilles.
''In January of 1980, Esmark was selling at $8 a share, and it was sold to Beatrice four years later for $60 a share,'' said George V. Novello, an analyst with E. F. Hutton & Company.
His Staff Was Two, Plus a Driver But with a paid campaign staff of two, plus a driver, Mr. Wilder set off to cover all 95 counties, 300 cities and towns, to make himself known.
But the State Department said there was no intention to sabotage the Reagan-Gorbachev meeting, which is scheduled for Geneva on Nov. 19-20.
For Russians, a Turnabout During the last two days in Geneva, however, the Russians, who often complain about what they call zigzags in American policy, have completed a turnaround that the diplomats say was beyond their expectations.
Rahamim Elazar, secretary of the Association of Ethiopian Jews, said in an interview today on Israel radio that he was waiting to see if the rabbis' statement signaled a change of policy toward the Ethiopians or if it just delayed the problem until an Ethiopian wants to get married.
The suit was filed on behalf of six plaintiffs, the major one being Christine Phillip, a black woman who said that in December salespeople in the Madris office told her there were no apartments available in white areas in east Yonkers and Fleetwood, but offered apartments in black areas in south and west Yonkers.
Some higher power creates escape routes for the dedicated malingerer.
Senator Gary Hart is a frustrated man these days, recognized but unheard.
There is no known cure and the disorder is ultimately fatal.
Mr. Ozawa likens the effect to that of a Passion play in a church.
For its fiscal year ended Sept. 30, Franklin earned $1.92 a share, more than double its profits a year earlier Assets under management jumped to $12.5 billion from $6 billion, and currently are nudging $15 billion.
Years later, in a saloon where a bear dances on stage, the kid encounters the judge, who calls himself a ''true dancer'' of history, one who recognizes ''the sanctity of blood.''
These are guys who could supplant the Murphys and the Rices by 1990.
It is the largest public landlord in the country.
* Wally Backman, who bats first or second in the lineup, ranked fourth in the league in hitting two weeks ago with a .306 average.
Answer: If the managing agent for the co-op does not apply for annual rent increases in the maximum base rent, you can file with the district rent office.
In his Pulitzer Prize-winning book, ''The Transformation of Virginia, 1740-1790,'' Rhys Isaac provided a graphic picture of how the landscape was altered as the Indians' shaping hands gave way to those of the British.
Next comes the ''late maturing'' Bordeaux or claret style, which dominates the market.
And so we go on trying, as Irving Howe put it, to rise above ''our remorse over civilization.''
Ted and Patricia Levine of Rye learned last week that they had been given a year's reprieve before their autistic son would be forced to leave his residential school on Long Island, which has helped him learn to swim, run and bowl.
Administrative Conference, have raised the same concerns about the Government's rigid and inflexible position on liability.
He said that after checking his office records, he could find ''no confirmation of that meeting,'' about which he testified June 4.
Mr. Johnson was stricken at his Hattiesburg home Sunday night and died about 12:30 A.M., hospital officials said.
The newest problem on the horizon is abuse of the elderly.
Trattoria la Pergola, 254-16 Northern Blvd.
He soon encountered Surrealist paintings at a Boston art show, ''a whole new world'' which he began to explore in college.
For results in the European countries, the margin of sampling error was plus or minus 4 percentage points; in Japan it was plus or minus 3 percentage points.
But many members of Congress have advocated an embargo, and agreed with Senator Bob Dole, the majority leader, when he told reporters, ''I think it's time to get tough and stay tough.''
Young people save, while older people ''dissave,'' spending the money they accumulated earlier in life.
Most of the group, which is evenly divided between men and women, spent the Labor Day holiday sightseeing and scouring the classified sections of the newspapers in search of apartments at rents they can afford.
Vice President Bush asserted today that legislators trying to enact protectionist trade bills were seeking ''narrow and immediate political gain at a cost of untold economic pain.''
Ashland Oil Inc. reported yesterday that its quarterly income rose to $14.1 million, or 22 cents a share, from $5 million a year ago.
One returning soldier was Greenberg, hailed as a patriotic hero for entirely different reasons.
The two British paratroopers who watch her arrive are ''like ferocious animals as they glared at the benders with an expression of venomous hatred.''
Soybean futures prices, which registered sharp gains Monday, gave it all back yesterday amid predictions of rain in the soybean-growing region of Brazil and a technically oriented selloff on the Chicago Board of Trade.
''You should taste Johnny's chocolate souffles,'' said Leila Hadley, the writer, who was the first of Mr. Nicholson's guests to arrive.
In this category are a number of savings and loan associations, including the Society for Savings in Hartford, the Union Warren Savings Bank of Boston and the Sooner Federal Savings and Loan Association in Tulsa, Okla.
Mr. Gaffney even expects the dollar to firm a bit over the near term because of the activity of foreign exchange traders.
With a 1-0 lead going into the last of the ninth inning in the sixth game, the Cardinals were within three outs of earning a World Series ring.
''Lilco should not be allowed to force rate payers to pay for its endless pursuit of a commercial operating license for the plant,'' Mr. Kessel said.
At various times, according to Who's Who in America, Morris Pollard has been a visiting professor in Brazil, Britain, Australia and China.
Come to think of it, ''demo'' is to ''demonstration'' as ''panto'' is to ''pantomime,'' with Tariq Ali, the abrasive Pakistani leader of the Trotskyist faction of demonstrators, playing Turko the Terrible.
The two activities play well off each other.
Colgate-Palmolive, the Big Board's third-most-active stock yesterday, gained 3 1/4, to 30 7/8, on takeover rumors.
Dartmouth (1-5) cut the lead to 10-6 as Saltzgaber kicked a pair of field goals, from 30 and 48 yards.
He decided to speak out at a public hearing on Indian point that was held July 7, 1982, by an N.R.C.
The elections, a black newspaper editor said, are ''of no interest whatsoever'' to the majority of blacks, even though many whites had interpreted them as a kind of oracle that might determine the readiness of the nation's 4.5 million whites to follow President P. W. Botha on the indistinct path he has charted toward what he calls reform.
He said the champion had lost his two-point advantage and ''now must realize how much prestige he has lost in the chess world.''
Certainly there are many economic benefits to be derived by the development of Mitchel Field.
It may be better not to show up than to risk destroying his former student's illusions from the past.
Another approach is in evidence in Sigiswald Kuijken's performances of the sonatas and partitas for solo violin (German Harmonia Mundi 1C 157 1999603 - 3 LP's).
CBS stock plunged nearly $10 in heavy selling yesterday amid widespread Wall Street rumors that Ivan F. Boesky, the multimillionaire Wall Street arbitrager, was quietly selling his stock, using others to hide his own movements.
The 1984 Democratic National Convention ordered that the commission be formed after Mr. Jackson and Senator Gary Hart of Colorado, another unsuccessful candidate for the nomination, complained that the nominating rules were discriminatory.
The building is being renovated by the S. Salk Construction Company for the fabric concern.
THOROUGHBRED RACING: Aqueduct, 12:30 P.M. (Television - SportsChannel, 6 P.M. and 10 P.M.) The Meadowlands, 8 P.M. (Television - MSG, midnight).
It should come off easily.
Although his letter does not name the student, Dr. Fishkin, director of Yale's Poynter Fellowship in Journalism, discovered that it was Mr. McGuinn when she examined copies of letters from Dean Wayland to Twain.
The two versions are being reconciled in conference, and Representative William Gray, Democrat of Pennsylvania, who helped sponsor the House bill, said, ''We are not that far apart.''
The dollar continued to edge higher in trading in the United States yesterday after posting a strong advance in Europe.
There, too, it engendered support among Jewish groups and opposition from Hispanic organizations.
Computers play an increasing role not just in digital recording, but in live performance, with the proliferation of new instruments, especially by such Japanese manufacturers as Yamaha.
The Microvax II will extend the VAX line in the opposite direction, toward desktop users rather than mainframes.
It was perhaps because his imagination had been put to work.''
Officials in New Jersey, Pennsylvania and Delaware have modified their earlier predictions that a growing gypsy moth population would cause severe damage to the region's forests this summer.
Economist at the Pentagon Mr. Aspin earned degrees from Yale, Oxford and M.I.T.
Pass a bowl of freshly grated parmigiano reggiano cheese.
''Texas is no longer offering the tremendous job opportunities that precipitate large migration,'' said N. W. Rives, a demographer at Trinity University in San Antonio.
Although the magazine just went to a 17-a-year frequency as its rival at supermarket checkouts, Family Circle, did a while back, many decision makers at agencies have it slotted mentally as a monthly.
Col. Russell Palmer Hunter 3d, U.S.A.F., was married yesterday to Arthur Weston Lichtenberger, the son of Mr. and Mrs. Arthur Tate Lichtenberger of Westfield, Mass.
He arrived on the Yale campus as an undergraduate in 1956.
It contained an exchange between Mr. Sinatra, who was out of the picture, and a casino blackjack dealer.
Married three times, the lover of a fourth woman who was murdered by a deranged servant after she ran off with Wright, the architect left strong ideas not only about how American buildings should look, but on how American democracy should function, and on how his students and associates should live: communally, close to the soil, ''doing as well as knowing,'' in the tight fraternity he built around him first at Taliesin in Wisconsin, and at Taliesin West here in the southwestern desert.
The autopsy showed up clear, so probably it just gave up.''
Typing just ''c'' gave me a choice of five words from ''can'' to ''computer.''
He resigned his post, formed a new firm called Intersound, and embarked on a series of negotiations that eventually won him the Pro Arte and Quintessence lines, plus the pertinent licensing agreements.
But they go into today's game against the New England Patriots at Foxboro, Mass., with a five-game string, sole possession of first place in the American Conference's Eastern Division (for the first time since 1969), and a chance to produce the finest record after the opening seven games in club history.
On the other hand, the seller of the stock is indeed affected, by having to pay commissions to the broker who sells the stock, by having to choose a replacement investment and then by paying commissions to buy the replacement.
The two best players Brown has had in that role were Artis Gilmore, now of the San Antonio Spurs, and Wayne (Tree) Rollins of the Atlanta Hawks.
In a bulletin of township violence this morning, for instance, the police listed incidents of violence and clashes with the police in 11 places.
''Until that study is completed and we have the facts at hand, I stand with the pastoral,'' he said.
What do the figures represent?
''We discussed the case,'' Mr. LaRossa said yesterday, referring to Mr. Castellano's trial on charges of racketeering and conspiracy to commit murder.
Mr. Wallace was involved with the campaign to legalize tax exemptions for segregated private schools; Mrs. Bernstein often clashed with representatives of the legal aid lawyers working in the field.
Nancy Kimelman, an economist at Salomon Brothers, noted that ''the European Monetary System's basket of currencies has been far less volatile than some of its component parts, which has spared corporate borrowers from having to choose which currency to denominate their non-dollar bonds in for sales overseas.''
Mr. Forss arrives at the center -at 151 Fifth Avenue in Pelham -fresh from his first solo show on the West Coast and, perhaps more important, having fulfilled a commission from Saks Fifth Avenue for mural-sized prints of its windows.
Among the dishes that are planned for the former are chicken soup with matzoh balls, homemade gefilte fish with fresh horseradish, roast chicken grandm ere with crisped potatoes and stewed artichokes.
The attack was carried out at 7:50 A.M. from a truck parked in a construction company yard across a river that flows past the police post in the town of Enniskillen, 85 miles west of Belfast.
'Some Sort of Phenomenon' ''When I was approached by the people at the museum to do the show, I was aware that there was some sort of phenomenon with Jewish artists in Montparnasse,'' Dr. Silver said.
''I pray that Almighty God may abundantly bless the Chinese people,'' the Pope said, ''and their worthy aspirations for progress and peace.''
''I see it as potentially the biggest financial risk the health and life insurance business has ever faced in this country, perhaps bigger than the influenza epidemic of 1918 and 1919,'' said David Gooding, a senior vice president of the TransAmerica Occidental Life Insurance Company in Los Angeles.
Whenever there is a vacancy in the office of the Vice President, the President shall nominate a Vice President who shall take office upon confirmation by a majority vote of both Houses of Congress.
''The mere fact that one of them comes from Sacramento doesn't mean that the person who sent it was Whitworth,'' said Mr. Larson, the defense lawyer.
Both sides have expressed a desire to settle the account, and negotiations are scheduled for early next month.
''It's very different from writing a novel, where you're involved with a lot of characters over a long stretch of time,'' she said.
Zero coupon bonds, which pay no interest, were offered with yields ranging from 7 3/4 percent for bonds held to maturity in 1990 to 8.60 percent for bonds due in 1995.
The town is Santa Eulalia, a few miles up the road from Ibiza.
Suppose you bought that house for $50,000 and sold it for $100,000.
Each has one, or even many, fountains.
Miss Ryan said the facility was constructed of ''wood and plastic and combustible materials.''
The world is awash in oil.
Ramon Romero, a 26-year-old left- hander, showed exceptional control during spring training, and as a result he has been assured a bullpen job when the Cleveland Indians break camp.
Below: a look at some of the problems that direct sales companies face, as well as a sampling of thetactics they are using to boost growth.
''I've laid down some foundation stones,'' he said, adding with a hint of resignation that it would take others years to build on those foundations.
A graduate of Northeastern A & M College and the University of Oklahoma's School of Business and School of Law, he is married and the father of five.
What about the cars, clothes, condos and other perks college athletes are said to receive from doting alumni eager for a winning season?
Gross national product, which is scheduled for release on June 20, is expected to rise, after inflation, at a rate of about 2 percent or 2 1/2 percent.
''We always expect our parents to be perfect.
A lot of our games have been close.
Marie Clair Florence, a daughter of Mary Ellen Gates of Pound Ridge, N.Y., and Murray Florence of Winnipeg, Manitoba, was married yesterday to Scott Leonard Young, a son of Mr. and Mrs. Leonard Young of Saddle River, N.J.
But a penalty flag against Oklahoma for illegal procedure had been dropped.
Purifying the gas, the magazine said, is practical when it can be fed into an existing natural-gas pipeline.
Liquidity is there, the safety is there and the very high returns were there until recently.
The group's operating profit in 1984 rose 27 percent, to $166.4 million.
Finding a bargain at the outlets depends largely on what you define as a bargain.
''These countries don't want to have single women coming alone,'' Mr. Negre said.
On the first protest trip to the South African Embassy Nov. 21, there was a tinge of life revisited as a few graying veterans of the American civil rights movement arrived to denounce the repression with not a crowd nor camera crew in sight.
Meanwhile, prices in the bellwether Government securities market inched up toward the end of the day, with the gains most pronounced in the longer end of the maturities scale.
Finland, which has ample Northern goshawks, agreed to let the United States send the birds to Britain, where they are a threatened species.
1 in the wire-service polls after an early-season victory over Georgetown.
But a spokesman for the local group, the Oak Park Freedom Committee, said the fight would now be taken to the State Legislature where ''we're going to try to pass a pre-emption bill that would wipe out all local ordinances, and everybody would have to abide by the state law.''
The youth had been sought since Tuesday night, when two police officers who were approaching a car on a city street were struck by shots fired from a .357-caliber pistol.
Both the repairmen, whose income is now lower, and the customer, who must suffer delays and poor service, are unhappy.
Rockwell International has pleaded guilty to 20 counts of fraud.
We are under some kind of right-wing attack.''
''But none of us realized how successful and moving it would be.''
The dollar generally held steady in worldwide trading yesterday as renewed concern about the United States banking system failed to put severe pressure on the American currency.
Finally, it was time to go on.
A third candidate is Thomas Webber, an author of books on blacks and slavery and the son of a minister who served in churches in the area.
In 1973, Mr. Perenchio joined Mr. Lear's Tandem Productions, which created the network programs ''All In the Family'' and ''Sanford and Son.''
''It's a big, unfortunate mess,'' said Detective Gary Venema of the Hialeah Police Department.
But we were also very confident.
Soviet helicopters were scheduled to take part in the exercise but were withdrawn at the last minute.
For centuries, nations have sought to settle upon a method of keeping their currencies in line with one another to avoid the shocks occurring when they rise or fall.
Now there are some 18 million, permanent smog and scarcely room to budge between the bloated city and its rim of mountains.
In Europe, gold rose to a late bid of $320.50 an ounce in London, from $319.25 Friday, and it climbed to $320 an ounce in Zurich, from $317 at the end of last week.
Add spices, salt and sugar.
*3*** COMPANY REPORTS ** View Full Article in Timesmachine »
Mr. Schroeder came up with the love note for his wife, Margaret.''
The rating review covers $1.7 billion of long-term debt, including senior debt currently rated A-3 and subordinated debt rated Baa-1.
That might not affect the quality of education in wealthy states, but it would reduce opportunities in poor ones.
It was from here that he went, eventually, to play in the summer sun for the Indians, the A's, the Yankees and the Cardinals in a 12-year career, hitting 275 home runs and knocking in 851 runs and batting .260.
George Steinbrenner usually gets what he wants, and for a long time he wanted to see the University of South Florida play basketball in Madison Square Garden.
under the control of Yasir Arafat.
''I believe it's been beefed up,'' she said, but ''I couldn't tell you if it's sufficient'' at all airports.
We went ahead and did it.''
- Richard Nalley THE ROMANOV CONNECTION.
Mr. Richman said that he had weathered many a brouhaha over the years and was standing firm on Anthony R. Cucci: ''I had the Mayor of Yonkers on one year.
The Clippers, who have won their first four games, split the two played with the Knicks last season.
----Suspension Urged HARTFORD, Dec. 13 (AP) - The Attorney General of Connecticut, Joseph I. Lieberman, urged the State Banking Department today to suspend E. F. Hutton's state license for 30 days and fine the investment firm $500,000 for its admitted excessive overdrafting of bank accounts.
And then I hear it.''
The Riyadh radio gave no details as to the reported headway in reconciling the Iraqis and Iranians, but suggested that the Saudis were encouraged enough by their contact with the Iranians to keep their mediation going.
''Maybe we didn't understand the data we were seeing,'' Mr. Armstrong suggested.
There's a certain Slant of light, Winter Afternoons - That oppresses, like the Heft Of Cathedral Tunes - Heavenly Hurt, it gives us - We can find no scar, But internal difference, Where the Meanings, are - Husband at a Discount While there's an inevitable element of evaluation and bargaining in even the best marriages, we prefer not to think of it in those terms.
Mr. Hernu denied press reports suggesting he had ordered the July 10 sabotage of a ship owned by Greenpeace, an antinuclear and environmentalist group, but acknowledged that he had authorized a team of agents to monitor plans for protests against French nuclear testing in the Pacific.
'' Mr. Davies recalled in a telephone interview this week.
''It was something the Democrats used to do better than we did.''
Those are hardly the figures expected of someone who ran for 4,159 yards in eight full seasons with the Houston Oilers and the Giants.
The unanimous ruling, by a three-judge panel of the United States Court of Appeals for the District of Columbia, was issued in response to a request by New York State and Suffolk County.
But after arranging a currency swap, officials at the association said the interest cost of the loan would be ''close to'' the yield of seven-year Treasury securities.
''But it is his ideas and commitment to the struggle that make even us youths regard him as our leader,'' he said.
The victory was the third in a row for the Invaders (4-1-1).
Announcement has been made by Mr. and Mrs. Stuart Newmark of South Merrick, L.I., of the engagement of their daughter, Erika Newmark, to Scott Gordon, a son of Mr. and Mrs. Walter Gordon of Roslyn, L.I., and Palm Beach, Fla. A June wedding is planned.
'' The officials said the Hondurans had been hampered by their lack of adequate troop helicopters, maps and communications.
Autopsies showed that the Mason boy had been stabbed five times and had suffered cuts on his hands.
Former Prime Minister Diarra Traore of Guinea seized power tonight after President Lansana Conte left the country to attend a meeting of African leaders in Togo.
It will feature more tall ships than cruised through the harbor for the nation's bicentennial and the largest fireworks show ever.
Money, fear and attention are directed to the ''perverts,'' mass murderers, child snatchers and psychotic killers who presumably stalk streets and supermarkets.
He calls the market an ''Alice in Wonderland'' operation that ''has nothing at all to do with housing starts, money supply, auto sales, or interest rates.''
Local radio stations said four jets carried out the strike today.
''I asked him and he said do what you want.
In Cape Town today, the Minister of Defense, Magnus Malan, defended the operation and renewed South Africa's assertion that the commandos, said to belong to an elite and secretive reconnaissance unit, were on an espionage mission and not involved in ''an attack operation.''
The authorities were upset by a number of things Mr. Mosher did, including gaining access to a large number of local government documents.
Once, after both had been away for four days, they returned to Washington the same afternoon and bumped into each other at a Kansas Chamber of Commerce dinner.
Many saw it as a blatant campaign appeal to two million teacher-voters.
Several bills included in the program have already been approved by the Senate, and initial reaction there was favorable.
Only the three nearest months are listed.
They didn't even have airport security when the two of us traveled together.
'Significant Risk' Suggested The study said ''it seems probable'' that consumer products such as paints, cleansers, propellants, plastics, cosmetics and others, and building materials such as adhesives, fixers, resins, insulation and other products are the major sources.
The honored guests stood and were applauded.
Next was a wobble switch.
Congress did its part last November, passing legislation that relieves manufacturers of generic equivalents of the need to prove anew that a drug is safe and effective.
While at Occidental, he earned an M.B.A. degree from the State University of New York at Buffalo.
Much of this material went into his collages; reproduced in color in Mr. Elderfield's book, they are remarkably beautiful.
Some of the offerings are British, of course, but the rest will come from such countries as Spain, Finland, Germany, Sweden and Denmark.
And we would not treasure the memory of Joe Don Looney, Bo Belinsky, Johnny Blood.
The Fashion Institute of Technology Library, Seventh Avenue and 27th Street; 760-7590.
''This is a decent team.
Mr. Grossman said NBC representatives had met with the top 10 operators of cable systems around the country.
Variation on a Theme THE BEACH HOUSE, by Nancy Donohue; directed by Melvin Bernhardt; set by David Potts; costumes by Jennifer von Mayrhauser; lighting by Dennis Parichy and Mal Sturchio; sound by Chuck London Media/Stewart Werner; production stage manager, Ginny Martino.
No prospect for profitability existed for any of these notions.
He also branded prosecution witnesses perjurors.
Two educational specialists from the National Aeronautics and Space Administration will conduct lecture- demonstrations and workshops for children, teachers and the general public Monday through Friday.
Colleges: Fairleigh Dickinson at Maryland; Wagner at St. John's, 8 P.M. (Radio - WCBS, 880; 8 P.M.); Columbia at N.Y.U., 8:15 P.M. (Television -MSG, 10 P.M., tape.
Only 38 percent of the preview audience indicated they ''would recommend'' the picture; the average positive response is 44 percent.
''The best way to take that pressure off is shoot 85 in the first round.
''The threat is certainly increasing,'' the President said.
The liberal conception of personhood may indeed be inadequate, but before we can have a better one, we must close the gap, on which Kant insisted so strenuously, between our moral and natural selves.
''Brian never lost his job,'' said the Bulls' coach, Lindy Infante, who had started Ed Luther.
Miss Wan is the first woman named by the Communists to head a provincial party committeee.
But the city and state pass the buck, and nothing has been written.
Working with stucco, Hauteville marble, yellow Siena marble and his favorite patinated bronze, he invented tonalities of tan, pale sand and ochre, allied here and there with basalt black, that send shivers down our spines.
Defense lawyers said yesterday that he was staying with friends at an undisclosed place in New Jersey and that he had declined to be interviewed.
The $500 million bubble gum business is the most competitive segment of the $1.6 billion chewing gum market.
He advises them to search used-book stores, or try to find someone who wants to sell an original copy.
None of the 25 crew members were hurt, and the sources said damage to the Castor was not serious.
Louis Lumiere invented an instantaneous photograph known as ''extra-rapides a Etiquette Bleue'' which would remain on the market for 60 years and make the Lumieres wealthy.
Typical is Eitelsbacher Karthauserhofberger Burgberg.
''In the first six weeks,'' Dr. Rippe says, ''he accomplished what most people do in a year.''
It also asked for unspecified punitive damages.
A pathologist who did not make consecutive thin slices in the specimen of lymph node and to examine each slice, can miss the diseased area.
Choreographic treasures are currently being danced that would not be on the stage if it were not for notation, and investigating old notation scores can resemble treasure hunting.
* Reuters Holdings P.L.C .
The reliever Warren Brusstar failed to retire a batter in the seventh.
How they were interpreted is another matter.
The mix in programming demonstrates Mr. Gilgore's philosophy that ''we cannot be labeled.''
It also extended the deadline for the offer to midnight Oct. 31.
But when he uses the power of the White House to assail equally serious people who disagree, this is carrying the role of the hatchet man a bit too far.
Among past San Diego State quarterbacks were Brian Sipe and Dennis Shaw.
''There are black homeless people,'' Miss Nahikian said, ''but the black community does take care of its own.
ELIZABETH HOLTZMAN District Attorney, Kings County Brooklyn, May 29, 1985
He scrambled 14 yards on a third-and-7 play in the third quarter to keep alive a 56-yard drive that set up an 18-yard field goal by Matt Bahr.
The action peaking in the midst of the packed terraces held by these great, tall ivied walls.
Fridays and Saturdays, noon to midnight; Sundays, 5 to midnight A.M. MEZZALUNA, #1295 Third Avenue, at 75th Street (535-9600) - v(Oct. 12, 1984) For those who like disco music with dinner and don't mind eating at what are essentially communal tables, Mezzaluna is a good choice.
Part I of the Sheriff collection consists of 19th century United States stamps and covers.
In 1962, Mr. Pfeiffer was appointed the manager of the Governor's campaign for a second term, and for the Republican ticket.
For example, Mr. Smith said, it is not known whether the stern of the Nina and Pinta and other early caravels was squared off or slightly rounded.
More information is available from Globus-Gateway (95-25 Queens Boulevard, Rego Park, N.Y. 11374; 718-268-7000 or, from east of the Rockies, 800-221-0090; from west of the Rockies, including Alaska and Hawaii 800-556-5454; and in Los Angeles, 213-485-8733).
These include a $456 million increase in state aid to municipalities to hold down property taxes; $100 million for a one-time rebate to homeowners and renters; $110 million to eliminate a surcharge on unemployment insurance taxes; $90 million to pay for the final stage of a four-year program to eliminate the corporate net worth tax, and $38 million for the first phase of a six- year program to eliminate the state inheritance tax.
''Then the developers will end up overbuilding, which is what we always do, and rents will fall,'' he said.
We shall keep the very same line the United States is taking and I repeat, not to surrender to this blackmail.
That price is considered astronomically high by Wall Street analysts.
Even so, the environment - and particularly the games - foster competition.
$1.7 Million in Cashier's Checks An affidavit filed by an agent for the Federal Bureau of Investigation in connection with those charges reported that the Angiulos purchased more than $1.7 million in cashier's checks from the Bank of Boston in 1982 alone.
The typical European composer felt part of an ongoing cultural tradition.
Sheehy broke in with the Yankees in 1927 and was perhaps the most visible face in the team's locker room, dating to the days of Babe Ruth and Lou Gehrig.
It was not immediately clear to what degree the omission, which made it impossible for the computer to draw an accurate map of the plume, contributed to the 36-minute delay in the sounding of a public warning siren.
Maruk's winning score, his first goal of the game, came on a pass from Dirk Graham, who dug the puck out from behind the Hawks' net.
WILLIAM S. WEINBERG Hartsdale, N.Y.
Mr. Baker is moving with Richard G. Darman, his deputy in the White House, who will become Deputy Secretary of the Treasury.
Following a slow start, attendance is also up and there is a chance of breaking even financially, a sharp improvement from last year's $1.2 million deficit.
The rods then dropped into the reactor core, stopping the nuclear-fission process.
I went to school out in Brentwood, Calif., near the polo fields where Will Rogers Jr. and Jack Warner used to play.
''Obviously, this order slipped through the review.''
Although the judges were in basic agreement about the winning compositions, each approached the contest from a slightly different viewpoint.
The sultry Lalume (the Marlene Dietrich role in the 1944 movie), is played here by K. K. Preece in brassy Las Vegas showgirl style.
Traditionally, servants and boarding schools cared for upper-class children, while lower-class children and mothers worked.
The number is now about 5,000 a year.
As a result, many Brazilians remain skeptical.
But if he wants me to go back to starting, I'll do that, too.''
Perhaps it follows, then, that a parent more interested in conditioning a child as a thinker than as a wet nurse or infantryman might pick up some pointers from scientists on the selection of intellectually stimulating toys.
The cause of this stalemate is the acceptance of 1-2-3 as a standard by users and the subsequent growth of a large group of users.
They insisted that they were not rescinding funds provided in the 1985 appropriation, but rather using them for 1986 and 1987.
Although Rockbill is based in New York, VTV has headquarters in Los Angeles, where the two other partners are.
Navy officials said the C-131 aircraft crashed about a mile from the runway after the pilot reported problems and tried to return to Napier Field.
Comments From Analysts A currency dealer at a major American-based bank in London also said that there was heavy dollar buying today from a West German source.
''No one has ever accused this administration of being speedy.''
The scene then shifts to the recording studio where, for several days, Mr. Bernstein will guide, push, cajole and shove his singers, chorus and orchestra through hundreds of takes searching for the ideal interpretation.
In the market there, Father Zucca said, cattle traders pay only $11 for a cow.
Like the city whose name it reflects, Gotham has turned itself around, much to the surprise of skeptics.
I speculated that they were photocopying my notebook, which had the name and address of a Rumanian high school student to whom we had promised to send a photograph we had taken of him.
''Who needs conduits in between?''
The feeling of a dark room, where every mysterious lump and shadow has the potential to be a monster or a hungry tiger is well captured.
If this is not so, shareholders will lose their income-tax deductions for the co-op's real-estate taxes and interest expense - thus reducing the after-tax benefits of co-op ownership and making the investment less desirable.
The Foreign Minister of Tunisia said today that his country was not satisfied with the American response to a proposed draft resolution in the Security Council condemning Israel's bombing of the Palestine Liberation Organization headquarters.
The town of North Salem, which has 14,000 acres and 4,500 people, has four small hamlets but no shopping center, although one of the hamlets contains both a feed store and a discotheque.
Some of the people on the Strip the other day said the argument that led to the death of Michael L. Brown earlier this month started there.
I sat there and went through the brochures that the real estate people put out, thinking, in the back of my mind, ''Does it make sense to buy one of these?''
This population mix has made Oakland a bastion of black political strength in Northern California.
He has refused to comment on Brazil's response beyond saying that ''it's their principal jurisdiction.''
AMERICAN writers criticize themselves, and are criticized, for lacking a sense of history, and for failing to achieve what is called political seriousness.
Black demonstrators forced Senator Edward M. Kennedy to cancel plans for a major speech today that was to have been the climax of a one-week visit to South Africa.
It is Mr. Isozaki's first American design to reach completion, and one of the most remarkable pieces of interior architecture in New York.
Computer stocks were active, and closed higher yesterday across the board.
''Image, over time, rises with the realities,'' he says.
Credit Card Deals Despite today's relatively low interest rates, credit card holders still pay about 18 percent to finance their purchases.
As president, Mr. Leonard succeeds Frank Borman, the 57-year-old former astronaut who remains chairman and chief executive of the Miami-based airline.
After its sustained winds reach 39 miles an hour, the center designates it a storm and gives it a name.
But it cuts the best.
No trial is needed to ascertain the character of the Jewish Defense League, a promoter of blatant racism in America and Israel.
The account, with estimated billings in excess of $3 million, will be handled by Saatchi & Saatchi's West Coast affiliate, Cochrane Chase, Livingston & Company of Newport Beach.
But the House bill also includes a provision to allow farmers to receive payments this spring that they would normally get for their crops next fall.
These include services similar to those being used by the manager but, significantly, the commissions are also being used to pay for such things as custodial and master trust fees, which have little or nothing to do with managing the assets.
The object, a Sheraton satinwood desk, was sold by Stewart Whittington of Norman Adams for $138,000 to a European collector living in London.
cuts prices, competitors are in a squeeze because they cannot match I.B.M.
In an earlier preliminary ruling, Judge Byrne ordered that the payment of $1.1 billion in capital gains tax from the sale of the trust's 40 percent share of the Getty Oil Company to Texaco Inc. in January 1984 be paid from the trust's income, with the remainder to come from the assets.
These were police officers allowed under law to use necessary force.''
Mr. Matura, who has held his titles since December 1983, is not the only one in the apparel industry to hold that view.
''I believed that Marble Hill represented the best opportunity to control rising fuel costs at the time,'' he said of Wabash's 1978 decision to invest in the plant.
The Phillips Petroleum Company said that it was interested in selling its oil and gas operations in the Netherlands section of the North Sea in addition to its coal and geothermal operations.
Desserts have a hard act to follow, and few make a lasting impression, except for the intense tropical sorbets and good almond dacquoise cake.
''Let's get some bagels for lunch,'' she says.
Both sexes responded directly enough and no one of either sex said, ''Hey, forget this arms stuff; all I want to know is, who is to Raisa what Adolfo is to Nancy?''
In a novel filled with memorable scenes, two marvelous set pieces stand out: a dog sled ride through a frozen land that loses nothing in comparison with the classic snow-and-icescapes in Ursula K. Le Guin's ''Left Hand of Darkness''; and Shokerandit's incarceration in the Great Wheel of Kharnabhar - prison, religious shrine and bitter symbol of hope for the Helliconians.
A man who escaped from a state prison 28 years ago was found living a few miles away and was sent back to finish his term, prison officials said today.
When the Manhattan Project was sited at Jornada del Muerto in southern New Mexico, a code name had to be found.
RICHARD BEHN ON FARRELL MAKING A NAME THE first thing Denny Farrell has to do is to decide his objective.
When the Secretary sang, something was not quite right.
The question is of more than passing interest to a city that has not had the urgent growth of Denver, the bustling Rocky Mountain capital of high technology and energy development, or of Phoenix, an easygoing sprawl of suntans and retirement homes.
All you do is add the length of your snooze to the end of the day.
How much does intelligence matter?
''The point is, the bills are going to have to paid,'' said Representative Marvin Leath, a Texas Democrat.
It's bad enough to be confronted with glib-talking answering machines and having to mentally compose a reasonably intelligent message at the sound of the insidious beep.
Japan has recently grown more aggressive, introducing a number of new products and bolstering sales.
As an accompaniment for this dish, I served a platter of brussels sprouts, which are now in season.
The contention was that a singleton diamond would have been returned briskly, and that West was influenced, consciously or subconsciously, by the slowness of his partner's play.
On the biological side, the universities were mostly training people for medical careers and pharmaceutical work.''
BKW Inc. , Nashua, N.H., which makes computer systems for financial institutions, announced that John N. Molitor had resigned as president and chief operating officer.
How much analytical smugness is summed up in that remark.
Since 1980, Mr. Merrifield, a 35-year-old bachelor who is engaged to be married next year, has worked as a consultant on wholesale distribution problems for a variety of companies from his base in Greenwich, Conn., where he and a secretary make up the entire staff of the Merrifield Consulting Group.
In an address to the American hostages after their release, President Reagan, who was inaugurated a week earlier, says: ''Let the terrorists be aware that when the rules of international behavior are violated, our policy will be one of swift and effective retribution.
It comes with a plug-in power pack (a transformer that reduces 110 volts to 12) and 15 feet of cable for connecting the power pack to the light.
It was once enough to exchange notes on who said what to which Cabinet officer on the Today show or debate the contents of a newspaper article.
In the past he has criticized ''imperialistic monopoly'' and argued that wealthy nations have preferred to bask in ''luxurious egotism'' rather than to share with the poor nations.
Now Blake, 27-2 with 18 knockouts, from Levelland, Tex., finally gets his shot in the first defense of the crown by Paul, 22-1 with 18 knockouts.. (Television - Channel 2, 4 P.M.) Bicycling Tour de France.
- A bad compromise is better than a good battle.
Once a site is identified, Mr. Moore said, a three-part study is done to determine whether the demographics of a town support placing an apartment house for the elderly, what support services are available for the elderly, and what competition the housing project would have.
A slate of anti-homosexual candidates called the ''Straight Slate'' ran well, forcing into runoffs two incumbent councilmen who are allies of Mayor Whitmire and who had backed a failed ordinance on homosexual job rights last January.
If there is a baseball strike this summer, Pete Rose, the Cincinnati Reds' player-manager, may be the only major league manager whose salary will stop.
Although the poem may surface in some other collection, pending any such discovery the Rawlinson manuscript is our only evidence of its text and authorship.
4, hangs in the trophy case in the north lobby of Assembly Hall.
If a woman really wants to achieve beauty, however, she will always make efforts to keep healthy and to eat sensibly.
It may be a sign of the potency of pop music mythology that even packaged nostalgia like ''Happy Together 1985'' is drawing a very young audience.
Jail Conditions Called Mild Prison authorities have said that jail conditions for the terrorists are not especially arduous, and that the prisoners have four newspapers a day, radios, 20 books in a cell at one time, unlimited mail privileges and contacts with other prisoners.
Mr. Matheson acknowledged that he himself ''didn't pay much attention to the regulations'' about reporting cash transactions.
''Opening Savage 2 uptown seems so right,'' Miss Klein said.
According to Dr. Hilary Calvert of Britain's Institute of Cancer Research, the new drug is just as effective as cisplatin but has none of its severe side-effects, which include vomiting, deafness and paralysis.
Mrs. Goodman, who is 57, said, ''I must get this diploma to get a decent job.''
That year the market value index jumped 64 percent, compared with a 4 percent gain for the Dow.
It is made of permanently pressed cotton and polyester and costs $15.
But there were bitter confrontations with the Roman Catholic Church in the early 1960's and many Cubans say that even in recent years, with hostilities markedly diminished, professing to be a ''believer'' has often been a handicap to getting ahead in Cuban society.
That function and the Suffolk budget struggle come together in two career budget men: Donald Gruen, the director of the Legislature's Budget Review Office, and Edward Boughal, the County Budget Director, who was appointed by Mr. Cohalan.
The preferred-quality standards would be as-of-right, requiring no review other than that of the Department of Buildings.
The Linde version, conversely, is one of the best of the newfangled accounts.
The festival did provide an excellent showcase for the athletes.
The district's teachers said the order violated their contract and their protection against unreasonable searches guaranteed in the Fourth Amendment.
Mr. Luigs, 51 years old, joined Global in 1977 as president and chief executive.
It could happen ''very quickly,'' he said.
''I feel good, very excited,'' said Philip R. Clark, the company's president and chief executive officer, as the extended countdown neared its conclusion.
She will get a mink coat, sequined gowns, $600 knit dresses, a Chrysler convertible, a two-year Big Beauties modeling contract.
However, the fastest-growing group of the elderly are those over 75, which includes those most afflicted by poverty and in need of major medical attention.
The business school at Columbia, for one, reports that 38 percent of its 1983 graduating class was female, compared with 5 percent in 1972.
Until now, public knowledge about the extent of cocaine use in baseball was confined to the cases of the dozen or so players who have publicly acknowledged cocaine use and several others who have been charged individually with possession of the drug.
It will bring thousands of new employees into the area, and suddenly the towns of Bedford and Yorktown will be impacted on roads and housing.''
What consequences will his father's behavior have on Louis's life in later years?
He also sees capitalism as having fatal flaws.
Halfway through the exhibition, and after we have taken a great deal of chromatic buffeting, a large white room is given over to Anselm Kiefer, the prize winner, and Robert Ryman.
When tariffs on processed food are added, Japan's average rises a bit higher than America's or the Common Market's but is still lower than Canada's.
Whatever the shape, ''People want more puff these days,'' according to Miss DeAngelis.
The journalist, Charles Thornton, 50 years old, of The Arizona Republic, was one of up to 30 people killed in at least three helicopter ambushes last month just north of Kandahar.
Judge Pierre N. Leval instructed the jurors that they must hear all the evidence before reaching an ''absolutely fair'' verdict.
is its approach to reading text, which parallels the human vision.
Corona, East Almhurst 1,053 2,685 457 478 403 390 36.
Mr. Reagan also reiterated that the United States would share space defense technology with the Soviet Union in return for a mutual reduction of nuclear arms and said that the Soviet proposal for a 50 percent reduction in strategic nuclear weapons contained ''seeds to nurture'' and ''things that we look at and say, 'yes, these could very easily be acceptable.'
''You want all the little cells to wake up and release the juice.''
Nigeria is preparing a similar program.
Beneath the withered skin, under the rib cage, Edward could see Robert's heart, its outline.
This is a ''Meet the Composer'' concert, and the composer you will meet is Mr. Hyman.
The apparent swiftness of the change of mind was typical of Andreas Papandreou.
The city's public gardens offer not only variety, but an education in landscape design and horticulture as well.
''The market yesterday interpreted Mr. Volcker's remarks as being mildly bullish,'' he added, ''and turnover ended solidly above 100 million shares, continuing the 1985 volume pattern.
Variety later tallied 12 unfavorable reviews, five mixed ones and but four positive nods: for most shows, an obituary.
One of his innovations was the Knight Water Wheel, a high-powered water turbine.
Ladies and gentlemen, no matter what our partisan differences may be, we have all taken the same oath.
Since 1977 the two New York Senators have by agreement divided judicial recommendations, a senatorial prerogative.
We sense that not merely every window but every shutter (open or closed) has been under imaginative scrutiny, so that the house in question takes on - paradoxical as this may sound - a collective individuality.
Emerson said that it had executed an option agreement with certain major shareholders of Automatic Switch, enabling it to acquire 3.5 million of the Automatic Switch shares, or about 41 percent of that company's shares outstanding.
I think this is something to be discussed at the summit.
Another good choice would be Bernhard Langer, the West German who won the Masters last April.
Mr. Reagan proposed three tax brackets for individuals: 15 percent, 25 percent and 35 percent.
This is the service praised by the letter writer.
And as was the case with the development of mortgage-backed securities - such as those issued by the Government National Mortgage Association and known as Ginnie Maes - the securities represented in this new category are moving beyond their original institutional market and being sold to individual investors.
'Ambiguous' Indicators Gary Ciminero, senior vice president and chief economist, at Fleet Financial Group in Providence, R.I., noted that ''economic indicators today were ambiguous about the strength of the economy as retailers reported mixed results for July sales.''
What it wants is medical costs squeezed dry.
Prudential-Bache Securities Inc. said yesterday that its recovery from last year's loss picked up momentum in the second quarter.
Instead, they have requested that the state assume the burden.
The Giants, ahead by 14-7 with 2 minutes left before halftime, were at the Dallas 22-yard line with a first down.
He was a member of the Council on Foreign Relations and a number of other groups interested in international affairs and trade.
It contrasts with the clean lines of Edward Hopper's 1928 ''From Williamsburg Bridge.''
But no American wishing to help in the modernization program should dare to inquire the whereabouts of the ''Suggestion Box'' unless he is ready to face the glowering eye of the Secretary and cower before the immortal line: ''I am the Suggestion Box!''
Richardson-Vicks, if acquired, would become the fourth major operation here.
What was the point of the Thursday-night trade that sent the goaltender Pete Peeters from the Boston Bruins to the Washington Capitals in exchange for Pat Riggin, another goaltender?
''If I catch on, I could be banging them out for years.''
Mr. Koch is expected to take a similar approach today when he announces his preliminary budget for the next fiscal year, which begins on July 1.
and released to the news media.
Some, inflamed and bloodthirsty in rhetoric if not in intent, demand, ''Wipe terrorism out, once and for all.''
He and Mary Ann will be greatly missed by all their friends and colleagues.''
Michael's, 277 Church St. (Franklin St.).
According to Mr. Cunningham, capital costs for Combustion Engineering's plants run between $75,000 and $85,000 for each ton-per-day of capacity.
What I'm trying to do is put the parent back in charge.''
Kidder, Peabody & Co. General Development Corp., $175 million of subordinated debentures due 2005, NR/B-2/B+.
''When he'd get tired hitting and took a rest, I'd get in the cage and hit, and it wasn't bad,'' Murcer said.
''We are taking these claims very seriously,'' a senior Aviation Ministry official said.
We hope the Polish Academy will see the harm that its decision, if left to stand, would have for the reputation of Polish scholarship at home and abroad.
Scouting Group Disbanded Because its territorial draft accounts for 350 players from 84 colleges, the league has disbanded its scouting combine, an organization whose work was shared by all teams.
At the mention of the substitute sweetener, the sugar lobbyists in the overflow room broke out in a chorus of spontaneous and lusty boo's, inaudible unfortunately to the committee upstairs.
Bills Average Price#98.170#96.274 Discounted Rate#7.24%#7.37% Coupon Yield#7.48%#7.76% High Price#98.180#96.284 Discounted Rate#7.20%#7.35% Coupon Yield#7.44%#7.74% Low Price#98.170#96.269 Discounted Rate#7.24%#7.38% Coupon Yield#7.48%#7.77% Accepted at low#82%#52% Total applied for$20,783,165$21,006,725 Accepted$7,130,495$7,105,920 N.Y. applied for$17,363,115$17,374,185 N.Y. accepted$6,125,835$6,085,985 Noncompetitive$1,198,590$1,017,865 Both these issues are dated Oct. 31, 1985.
''The problem is extremely critical,'' he said, ''and there have been a number of deaths beyond the one.
The reservoirs, which also serve parts of New Jersey, Delaware and Pennsylvania, have increased their storage by 30 billion gallons due to rains since the last week in February.
Others suggested that Mr. Kluge had been offered top price for the stations and could not let the opportunity pass.
They don't have the right to organize politically.
Although she was the champion 3-year-old filly last season, she had only two third-place finishes in four starts this year.
The Greek and Roman gods are well represented in the paintings, the most spectacular perhaps being that of Francois Le Moines, completed in 1736 and displayed in the Salon of Hercules.
In what was apparently his most detailed account of the findings earlier this week, Dr. Ballard said in an interview from aboard ship that although the great ocean liner was resting serenely upright on the ocean floor, two of her four stacks were missing.
The steady rise in reports of child abuse does not necessarily contradict the study, based on a survey of 1,428 intact families.
Leelin Szechuan, 2366 86th St. QUEENS Flushing Bo Bo, 40-26 Union St. North Shore Diner, 196-52 Northern Blvd.
''If you send a ship into the Great Lakes to unload a cargo and load another, and on the way out it gets stuck for days and weeks, it's not only the overhead, but the loss of income,'' she said.
The Supreme Court, on the other hand, has consistently said that public funds cannot be used directly by religious schools, and many educators say that channeling government money to private schools exacerbates problems of racial segregation by encouraging white parents to take their children out of public schools that are predominantly black.
Miss Gengler outshot her opponent and took the first two games before Miss McConnell, the winner of the tournament for the last four years, gained control and rallied to take the last three games.
Some Israelis see a greater danger.
Usually, it is given grudgingly because of his abrasive manner.
''He threw as good to me in the ninth as he did in the first,'' Jackson said later.
Fire investigators said they had not determined the cause of this weekend's fire.
''We decided ourselves,'' she said, ''because we were asked to by the wives of the husbands still on board.''
The renovations will primarily involve modernization of the lobby and backstage areas and of the electrical and air-conditioning systems, as well as a restoration of the exterior; no major changes are planned for the halls' interiors.
The total of $70.5 million is the anticipated development-cost figure, which includes the developer's profit.
But with those already in the service, an Army health official said: ''You've got an investment.
Many of the troubles have been relatively small: valves operating incorrectly; overpressurized tanks; broken gauges left unrepaired.
Play Marks 2d Year A swing in a completely different direction, from comedy to a searing treatment of romantic relationships, is Sam Shepard's ''Fool for Love,'' which just celebrated its second anniversary at the Douglas Fairbanks Theater, at No.
The composer and saxophonist Joseph Jarman will present new works tomorrow at 8 P.M. at Carnegie Recital Hall, 154 West 57th Street (247-7800).
Role of Central Banks In Counteracting Slump Last time many governments and monetary authorities raised taxes, cut spending and choked off demand, thereby aggravating the Depression, Next time - if there is one - both the governments and central banks of the industrial nations would almost certainly use monetary and fiscal policy to counteract the depressive forces as much as possible.
If Rasmussen, whose record fell to 3-5, is sent to the club's Class AAA affiliate at Columbus, it's possible Bystrom could start next week when the Yankees visit Cleveland.
''It's brilliant, a conceptual art piece, to bring people to this abandoned place,'' agreed Dean Rolston, a former lawyer and owner of a lower Manhattan gallery.
The Phillipses had moved to nearby Foxhall Road in 1930, when the growing collection forced them out of the mansion.
HOMER & DURHAM ADVERTISING has called on an invisible man to remind people how they frequently feel when doing business with modern New York area banks.
The new Prime Minister, speaking in a nationally televised speech, said the top priority of his Government would be to find a solution to Sikh separatism in the Punjab.
For the time being, such a law seems like a sound precaution.
Miss Smith had been expected to plead guilty to a lesser charge of involuntary manslaughter and three drug charges, under the terms of an agreement with the Los Angeles district attorney's office.
Year-ago results have been restated to reflect discontinued toy, fashion, and non-apparel specialty retailing operations separately.
The athletes, Elvin Gueston and Carl LaGrone, failed to disclose that they attended other colleges before enrolling at San Francisco State, said James Jorgensen, conference commissioner.
He had to eat somewhere!'')
In some cases, it would also reduce the salary gap between unproven rookies and veterans.
Mr. Regan said he had not yet heard from Mr. Ambach, who said after Mr. Posman's appointment that he would ''be in touch'' with the Board of Education.
'' ''Oh, yes,'' said the screenwriter, who has also written plays, ''immaturity - and insecurity.
Perhaps we see too much of the celebrated Feiffer dancer, though that particular objection is hard to sustain when her rapture and her disillusion are both embodied by the hardly less celebrated Lynn Seymour.
NO.POS.HORSEJOCKEYTRAINERODDS *2*1Irish FighterPat DayBilly Borders#30-1 *3*2Chief's CrownDon MacBethRoger Laurin#9-5 *1*3a-Rhoman RuleJacinto VasquezAngel Penna#5-1 *4*4Tank's ProspectGary StevensD.
Officials said the Joint Chiefs had delayed coming to grips with the protocols because of the lengthy and complicated legal text, the cumbersome military bureaucracy and the fact that until the most recent encounters with terrorists, the issue was low on the list of Administration priorities.
''Until we get some healthy bodies back, we're in a crippling situation,'' said Albeck, the beleaguered Net coach.
2 P.M., United Automobile Workers.
It is a community of row houses and low-rise buildings.
The 1983 vintage, soon to reach the market, will cost about $16.50 a bottle, two to three times the price of the typical local wine.
The employees said they had been questioned about their activities and some had been accused of collaborating with enemy forces.
They have also lost Kevin Belcher, last year's starting center, for the season because of nerve damage in his left foot, a result of an offseason auto accident.
Then, at last, he began.
He was wounded in the ankle and later in the cheek.
Miss Clark is still looking for her first victory after eight years on the professional tour.
Hardly anyone is even aware that he has a first name.
He sent well-timed advance page proofs to newspapers and wire services; he brought Sinclair together with Theodore Roosevelt (who was pushing reform of the meat packing industry); and he advised Sinclair to write follow-up letters and articles in national periodicals.
Like Mr. Shepard, the film director Martin Scorsese has consistently made art that derives from, and in turn reflects, his own turbulence.
The seat became vacant after President Reagan nominated Mr. Hall to be a judge on the recommendation of Mr. Gramm, an ally of Mr. Hall's when both were conservative Democrats in the House of Representatives.
Swing on his choice of a ''low-profile'' or ''low-visibility'' strategy for the police on the day of the parade.
''He had discussed that he would need that time for finances, to get a job, so that he could do right by her.''
Not the closing of schools, which shut down for mere snowstorms.
It also discovered the novice Chinese know how to pitch and steal.
The snow-dusted town pushes the extremes of being suitable for families and singles ready to take on a Western-flavored ski holiday.
''You'd think they'd tell you that when you call,'' she complained.
''My head isn't working right.
It is unclear whether the depositors were aware of the irregularity or what the bank officer did with the funds.
''A financial plan is never cast in stone,'' noted Charles Obsusin, a vice president of Advest, Inc., in Hallandale, Fla. ''The process is both objective and subjective because you're looking for both financial and personal information.''
An old flame needs his help in Portugal.
To the Editor: Everything you say about the crippling overregulation of the State University system (''Stop Suffocating SUNY,'' editorial, Jan. 25) goes double for the City University of New York.
Meanwhile, President Reagan should reassess his ''Star Wars'' proposal.
The next is a median tan pavement of smoother texture, boring as to speed; the learners and kiddie four-wheelers are grinding there.
The sound of this very eclectic group has a sentimental streak: four years ago, the Fureys hit No.
He cited a Supreme Court ruling last year that struck down Hawaii's exemption of local pineapple wine from an excise tax on alcoholic beverages.
Always a controversial figure in the Philippines, Mrs. Marcos and her thoughts have taken on heightened interest as she has become the center of new political speculation.
Plush animals are $3 to $70, and mugs with matching small animals within are $10.
Interest-bearing bonds were offered with yields ranging from 5.90 percent in 1987 to 8.30 percent in 1995 and 9 3/8 percent in 2013.
At issue is whether the abrupt change was made by the Labor Department or was dictated by the budget office, an action that would violate the Occupational Safety and Health Act.
Tomihiro Matsumura, managing director of NEC, said, ''In marketing in the United States, we always pay attention to the dumping margin and set the price at a higher level compared to our domestic prices.''
At some point, the collective demands upon the public Treasury of all the special interests combined exceed the public's ability and willingness to pay.
Current law allows a plaintiff to recover all damages from a municipality, even if the municipality was found minimally liable.
Gary Carter came home to cheers from 35,422 fans in Olympic Stadium, and got on base five straight times.
Ann Louise and Emily were taken to one room, where they were searched.
They said this was a first step toward changing the institution's status from a community college to a four-year college.
Among black respondents, 56 percent named no one.
''Some advertisers have been so blind to television that they're ignoring the reality of what's happening,'' he said.
To me, what counts is talent.
500 performance (fractions of a point would be pro-rated).
Mr. Wirth, who failed to muster much Congressional support for a bill he sponsored last year, left open the possibility that he would introduce no successor bill.
The cast, directed by John Tillinger, is headed by Christine Baranski (''Hurlyburly'' and ''The Real Thing''), James Coco ( ''You Can't Take It With You,'' ''Last of the Red Hot Lovers'') and Joanna Gleason (''Joe Egg,'' ''I Love My Wife'').
The major virtue of this burger-and-soup establishment is the large outdoor cafe set back from 43d Street.
What many correctional professionals believe is that prisons ''deter'' most inmates, though by no means all, from criminal ways.
TRADITIONALLY, AN INVITATION THAT READS ''BLACK tie'' has meant just that: evening clothes, more popularly known as a tuxedo, set off by a black bow tie on a white pleated dress shirt.
By then he had established himself in the business world: vice president and general manager of the New York Nets; commissioner of the American Basketball Association; president of Total Video Inc., a television advertising sales and marketing company; and part owner in restaurants in New York and Boston, and in The Ring magazine.
That's where Staret-The Directors Company is presenting a modern version of ''A Midsummer Night's Dream'' and revving up for a production next month of a movieland musical called ''Tales of Tinseltown.''
After Bodmer learned all he could from Meier, he went to Germany, settling in Koblenz on the Rhine and painting scenic watercolors that, etched by his brother, Rudolf, were issued as travel albums.
We decided to concentrate on the Portuguese dishes, on the theory that a Portuguese restaurant in Connecticut is more of a rarity than an Italian one.
The 8 1/2 percent obligations, which are backed by mortgage participation certificates of the Federal Home Loan Mortgage Corporation, are divided into four classes.
Federal officials say it is impossible to know how much of the missing weaponry is stolen, although they contend that much and perhaps most of the weaponry has simply been misplaced due to poor record keeping.
The philologists, it said, could also advise on names with literary allusions.
''It's like a private club here.''
Edgar (D) N Y 8.
It not only resulted in physical improvements, but led to an alliance with one of the strongest congregations in Zion.
For the rest of 1985, analysts expect further price gains based on additional earnings growth.
Also, any book translated from a foreign language should be credited on a two-for-one basis.
Mine owners retaliated by evicting miners and their families from the company towns.
''I'll direct all my energies toward being a productive coach on Yogi's staff.
Analysts were divided over whether falling oil prices would soon lower gasoline costs.
''We have been very generous, we have given them their main demands,'' Mr. Chavan said, adding that he was prepared for talks with Sikh critics ''even today.''
The condition of the flowers is noteworthy: No one seems to pick them, step on them or throw ice cream wrappers on them.
An article in Weekend Friday about picking strawberries gave an incorrect telephone number for the Blue Jay Orchards in Bethel, Conn.
''It is not a force built to escalate the arms race.
The challenger sacrificed a pawn with 42 Q-B2!
Tickets cost from $10 to $15; information: Monroe Festivals (812-988-6422).
''It was important to keep him there to get some success,'' the coach said.
My answer always was none.
Richard S. Braddock was put in charge of the Individual Bank, which deals with consumers.
The quarterfinal stage of the Vanderbilt Knockout Team Championship began here this afternoon at the Hyatt Regency Hotel with nearly all the top- ranked teams still in contention.
Bach's ''Magnificat'' in D; the ''Hallelujah'' and ''Amen'' choruses from Handel's ''Messiah''; choir, orchestra and soloists: Dilys Smith, soprano; Norma Hirsh, mezzo-soprano; Reginald Holloway, tenor; Bill Bonecutter, bass.
Happily, Jaime de Pinies of Spain, the new president of the Assembly, broke with tradition today and the opening of the general debate began only 21 minutes late.
* Tyson Foods Inc. filed an offering of 2.1 million common shares through Stephens Inc. * Wall to Wall Sound and Video filed an initial offering of 1.7 million common shares through Prudential-Bache.
In each instance, Mr. Assalti said, he made the cash payments to avert use of union labor, which he said was more costly than his nonunion work force.
But that was a public purpose at that time, and we need to have the flexibility to make those decisions on a city-by-city basis.
Brush the serving platter with a little pesto, place the lamb on it and sprinkle the lamb with lemon juice and salt to taste.
Maureen McEvady, a switchboard operator, brought her mother, who suffered from cancer and seizures, home in December 1983 and soon realized she needed someone to sit in for a few hours on Saturdays so that she could run errands.
Never mind that there were no other facilities for the elderly disturbed.
*3*** COMPANY REPORTS ** View Full Article in Timesmachine »
Delta and Eastern Airlines, which is based in Miami, account for 92 percent of the passengers that pass through Hartsfield.
His first published work, Five Dances for Piano (Op.
And besides, everyone likes whales.''
* *A midsummer week of study, entertainment and recreation on the Cornell campus ($425, including tuition, dormitory accommodations and all meals).
''The Mayor has a long history of responding to critics - it comes naturally to him,'' said Bill Rauch, who worked on the book with Mayor Koch.
Congress has not authorized a major new reclamation project since 1968 and is not likely to do so soon.
The article by Dr. Lipton and Dr. Simon notes that many patients at the Manhattan Psychiatric Center who committed suicide there seemed, in retrospect, to have been mistakenly diagnosed as schizophrenic when they were actually depressed.
In two appearances here, where he urged speedy Congressional action, Mr. Reagan challenged the growing view on Capitol Hill that the proposal will have difficulty being adopted this year, as Mr. Reagan called for when he introduced the sweeping plan last May.
Longer play would produce bigger discounts or free rooms.
A heavy black line marked the high water line like a ring around a dirty bathtub.
I was really confused for a split second.
She graduated from Fordham University and received an M.B.A. from Columbia University.
IT'S always tough to look at an earnest young person and have to conclude that he or she really doesn't have much of a future.
What he didn't mention was the cost of switching from regular service to ''basic budget'': $20.25 for a ''service charge'' and a $25 ''line charge'' - or $45.25 to ''save'' a dollar or two a month.
People were scorning them as glove salesmen .''
The Mayor said she had thought little of contamination until she encountered the board's resistance.
His agency helped organize the test with the Tennessee Valley Authority and state, local and Federal officials.
The Actors Studio is at 432 West 44th Street; show time is 8 P.M. Reservations are required (757-0870).
When the system is working well, say players and managers, it works very well.
Hours: Lunch: Monday through Saturday, 11:30 A.M. to 3 P.M. Dinner: Monday through Thursday, 4:30 to 10 P.M.; Friday and Saturday, to 11 P.M.; Sunday, 1 to 10 P.M. Credit Cards: MasterCard, American Express and Visa.
Not Clyde King, not Woody Woodward, not even George Steinbrenner.''
Harvard beat the Danish national lightweight team by four and a third boat lengths in the time of 6 minutes 35 seconds for the mile and five-sixteenths over the River Thames, which is swollen as a result of recent rains.
''If I am Mayor, we won't have a Mayor who waits until police brutality gets out of hand before doing something.''
In Mr. Reagan's one-on-one sessions with Mikhail S. Gorbachev, however, the interpreters took notes and waited for each leader to finish before repeating those passages.
He was the author of 11 books on religious subjects, several of them dealing with the ecumenical movement.
*3*** COMPANY REPORTS ** View Full Article in Timesmachine »
Mr. Oppenheimer's son, Nicholas, aged 37, is a deputy chairman and runs the Central Selling Organization in London, the sales subsidiary of the De Beers diamond enterprise.
In Wildwood there is everything a high school senior needs: a public beach for tanning; a two-mile boardwalk with several roller coasters; 400 motels, and most important, lots of people of the opposite sex coping with adolescence.
Commission Called 'Political' She called for a moratorium on evictions and new lease increases during the life of the commission.
Duty to Shareholders Cited Referring to the request for exclusive information, Mr. O'Kelley wrote, ''We cannot do this for any prospective bidder because it would violate our obligation to our shareholders to whom we are responsible for providing the best possible financial alternative.''
The garlic shouts, the salmon whimpers .
He said there were 136 condominium buildings in Manhattan with 11,000 units, including conversions, and ''they have to be very competitive with amenities to attract buyers.''
---- O'Brien Leads Passers The Bears' Jim McMahon is second in quarterback rankings in the N.F.C.
In London, bullion closed at $302.20 an ounce, up from $296.25 Monday.
Makela is a center, but Arbour tried him a good deal at left wing.
12 in A and the No.
His son is in the army, his daughter has married a Gentile, his shop has burned, his wife is sick - and now God should send to his house a troublemaking black man to mock him!
That sort of palpable stuff a writer needs which evaporates by the hour.''
Country Host, an English- style pastry shop at 1435 Lexington Avenue (93d Street), has delicious Cornish pasties for $1.05 each - though not, alas, in the jam-and-meat version.
As dancegoers with long memories may recall, ''the Cube'' was the nickname audiences bestowed upon the Cubiculo, the theater at 414 West 51st Street that has served as the headquarters of the National Shakespeare Company since 1968.
''Most didn't know the difference between a foil and an epee, and few of them had had any prior experience with fencing.''
A 56-mile stretch of the Appalachian Trail runs north and south through the county, much of it through several of the county's 17 state parks and forests.
He was 66 years old and lived in Cranford.
That's because (a) their hair isn't fully covered by their caps, and (b) said caps aren't the kind on which can be slid one of those little plastic slipcovers.
''The atmosphere will be one of an exchange of views - not an interrogation under a bright light.
Mr. Hernandez was one of at least 12 current and former baseball players who testified before the Federal grand jury in the Pittsburgh drug investigation.
In a related development, the Judiciary Committee today approved the nomination of Richard K. Willard, a prosecutor who was involved in the Lilly case, to head the Justice Department's civil division.
The union sought to reach an accommodation with the German occupiers that would prevent the imposition of an occupation government dominated by the Dutch Nazi Party.
The bankruptcy petition lists more than 130 creditors and states that Mr. Bogdanovich has monthly expenses of $200,000 and a monthly income of $75,000.
Yield: About 30 small pancakes.
Shown here are the alligator mittens in bright green with white teeth and a red tongue.
On one side, an inefficient economy burdened by low productivity and a shortage of capital could no longer support subsidies in food prices.
''She pretty much sticks to one color, black or white, but she feels that there are unlimited choices within that framework and has devoted a life to exploring them.
People at the networks need a .
''There have been no reports of any fish kills.
Al-Shaab reported, and several doctors confirmed, that many children who have swam in the ocean this summer have contracted unusual skin rashes and intestinal ailments.
''We are being prudent, but we are not being hysterical, and I think there is no reason for hysteria.''
But in documents the agency has prepared for release later this week, Mr. Rowland says he has decided to take the first steps toward new rules to limit workers' exposure to formaldehyde.
Manhattan-Brooklyn Rivalry The Badillo-Farrell contest was also essentially a renewal of the longtime rivalry between black politicians in Manhattan, who have long been the most prominent and vocal black leaders in the city, and emerging Brooklyn black politicians, who represent a borough with considerably more blacks than Manhattan has.
He died on the street.
Subscription information is 799-7575 for Fisher Hall and 362-1911 for Tully Hall.
Bernardo, a friendly man in his early 40's, tells me the story in a mild voice.
''He would forgive many things for political expediency, but never the murder of fellow Alawites.''
In addition to the increased volume, he said, more cars are staying on the road rather than avoiding the tolls by getting off onto local streets and bypassing the booths.
''Mothers like them,'' Mrs. Werner said.
An 70-year-old woman died in a fire at her upper Manhattan apartment early yesterday morning, officials said.
Paddles, which have been traditional at country auctions, were first used by Sotheby's in New York at sales of moderate-priced wares in 1969.
Judge Craig said the real objective of the Amadios' suit was to compensate them for their emotional distress.
Buick calls its cathode ray tube a Graphic Control Center, and while the television screen doesn't pull in quiz shows, it does have a multitude of functions, ranging from radio and temperature controls to vehicle diagnosis.
''However, Jimmy, do you think your father was not senile?''
Soviet Is Accused In doing this, the Soviet Union is undermining stability and the basis for mutual deterrence.
We're more interested to say that we're miserable than to say we are happy.
The show, on the second floor, documents Grant's life in letters, broadsides and photographs, but it concentrates on his last New York months and on the ceremonies marking his death.
On testimony before Representative Udall's committee, the California Attorney General's representative gave several examples of infiltration and manipulation by organized crime figures.
Pithiviers gateau, an unusual menu addition, did not do its French namesake proud: the puff pastry was limp and the almond filling was heavy and excessively sugared.
Many Ugandans greeted Mr. Obote's fall, his second since 1971, with enthusiasm, charging gross human rights violations and rampant tribalism.
The shift is one reason that the average patient's length of stay is declining for Community - down from 31 days at the beginning of 1984 to about 26 today - and its competitors are seeing similar drops.
The addition of either player would probably move the pitcher Mike Armstrong, who has appeared in just two games for the Yankees, back to Columbus of the International League.
A 39-year-old man incriminated by photographs that a burglar found after breaking into his home has been sentenced to 60 years for sexually abusing a 5-year-old girl.
''No amount of preparing beforehand and no amount of advising beforehand is going to write the script for this meeting,'' said Arthur A. Hartman, the United States Ambassador to Moscow.
The play is in part about conflicting points of view - about how reactionaries and leftists look at geopolitics, how journalists and novelists look at events and how the West and the Third World look at each other.
In 10 percent, or 20,000, of the annual new cases the victims become chronic carriers, often without symptoms, who can infect other people.
There being no year dated zero between the eras, the birthday party is being held a year too soon; it ought to be in 1986.
Reynolds, 25 years old, was on the Los Angeles roster when the trade was made.
According to the Drug Enforcement Administration, 4,400 kilograms of cocaine was seized nationally in 1982, 7,300 kilograms in 1983 and 11,742 kilograms in 1984.
Unemployment remained stagnant for the sixth consecutive month, retail sales and industrial production showed disappointing gains and housing construction fell last month.
Mr. Stein is a lawyer for the Commonwealth Land Title Insurance Company in Orlando, Fla.
Second, we attempted legally to restrict the U.S. from breaking out of the treaty if it felt technologically capable of deploying systems that violated the treaty.
Like many of Miss Monk's theater works, ''Quarry'' does not use a conventional proscenium stage.
''There are big cities and wide open spaces, even an occasional all-night pizza stand, but this city and state still offer one thing in greater abundance than any place I know - opportunity - and it always has.''
Because Mr. Kroger does not expect that customers will automatically replace their existing small computers with Sperry machines, the company has made equity investments in start-up ventures.
Shipping generates another $3 billion in annual payrolls.
John Houseman's Acting Company, billed as the nation's only professional touring repertory group, will return to New York City for one week on May 21.
Then the President sent for Dr. Kirkpatrick and offered her the job of White House counselor with Cabinet rank.
The islands were occupied by the Japanese in 1914 and were a major battle area during World War II.
''The show will never be a big ratings success unless it succeeds with people 20 years old and younger, and that's who we put the show on for, because that is who the advertisers who advertise on 'Saturday Night Live' are trying to reach.
''At that time for a Catholic to marry a Jewish girl was simply out of the question.
''But I'm back here today to give something back: my experience.''
A neighbor was watering plants, windows, furniture, a bicycle and anything else within reach of her hose.
''Buying an electric iron in 1920 or a Big Mac in 1985 doesn't seem like such a big deal,'' Dr. Strasser said.
They boycotted schools, jobs and white merchants; they killed and tortured black ''collaborators''; they destroyed the black administrations of black towns.
And the opportunity was there and I believed that the mission was possible.
In a tradition that goes back to English common law, each side in a trial typically has a set number of peremptory challenges, under which a potential juror may be removed for no given reason.
Business Week reported in the issue dated April 22 that Mr. Lewis intended to step down at the company's annual meeting May 2.
And then, of course, the American Civil Liberties Union under Mr. [Bert] Neuborne [attorney for the plaintiffs] , they used some college students to pursue this.
Michaels was reminded that there were reports last week that he preferred Steve Calabria of Colgate, a larger, more orthodox quarterback, to the Little Fella.
A number of brokerages and investment banks have built up their capital this year, including Salomon Brothers Inc., the First Boston Corporation and Shearson Lehman Brothers Inc. For example, American Express, Shearson's parent, earlier this month injected $100 million in equity capital into the broker.
Several of the volunteers have had some connection with cancer.
It wants to belong to the Western world, not to be shut off as a pariah.
He stabbed one of them and killed him.
The Chancellor said that since the cemetery was formally opened in 1959, after scattered war dead had been brought there, American, French and West German officers have held a ceremony there every November.
Part of the problem, Mr. Rogers pointed out, lies with the libraries, whose indexes to many new materials have been hastily and inadequately compiled.
But souls can be capable of bathos.
If both were to finish at or above .360, they would be the first league batting champions to do so together since Stan Musial and Ted Williams achieved that level in 1948.
Consumer prices opened this year with monthly increases of two-tenths of 1 percent and three-tenths in January and February before jumping five-tenths in March and four-tenths in April.
The State Department has been imploring Syria and the Shiites led by Nabih Berri to work as hard for their release as they did for the T.W.A.
There is a rudimentary plot to ''Equal Distance,'' the first work of fiction by a published poet (''Hundreds of Fireflies'') and former law student who has already won every sort of award for his writing from a Guggenheim to a MacArthur Fellowship.
''We don't think we'll stay together, we know we will.
The danger is not that the whole semiconductor industry is lost; RAM's (the initials stand for Random Access Memory) accounted for only $3 billion of the $26 billion in sales last year of all integrated circuits.
Unlike New York and Connecticut, New Jersey prohibits prepayment penalties altogether.
The ''homelands,'' four of which have been declared independent, could each become one or more ''units'' in Mr. Botha's reunited South Africa.
The Daily News in New York was among the newspapers involved, but The New York Times was not.
'We Have Brought Peace' Elsewhere in Durban's black residential areas, more than 1,000 Zulus, marching under the banner of Chief Gatsha Buthelezi, paraded through the streets of KwaMashu township.
''Last year after three games, they had total control of the series,'' said Larry Bird, whose shooting woes - 8 for 21 in Game 3, 17 for 42 in the two Celtic losses - are just part of Boston's concern.
You could negotiate only on the basis of a correlation of forces.''
Although the directive credited Communist rule since 1949 with ''unprecedented achievements,'' it also veered further away from the ideological and egalitarian system that was developed under Mao toward an approach that has been influenced by Western precepts.
Mr. Minns retired in 1974 but resumed his performing career eight years later, and at the time of his death taught the Savoy dances at the Sandra Cameron Dance Center.
Though independent, the American operations are affiliated with the original family concern in Milan, and draw on its designs.
''But it's right on the water and the surroundings are not atypical of what you have to do to get to a waterfront site almost anywhere.''
This field isn't technology-driven anymore.
''We waited a long time for it to be built, and I suppose we're going to have to wait some more for the full impact to take hold,'' said Mr. Swan, 57 years old, who owns Tommy's Men's Wear on Main Street.
Sometimes the black fruit seem like black sheep.
Gross's confused handling of at least one very significant case (Michael Stewart); a conservatism and cautiousness on the part of Dr.
The festival is the spiritual god-child of Queen Noor, King Hussein's American-born wife.
''We had some problems getting started last year,'' said Edward Segal, an aide to Mr. Edwards.
Mr. Zoufal let his balloon, the Sallised, drift while he prepared to throw out a marker of his own.
Seven More Weeks Under present law daylight time goes into effect after the last Sunday of April and continues until the last Sunday of October (the 27th this year).
In his last few months as chairman, he ordered people making presentations to cut them short, and he once threatened to have police remove news photographers.
He struck out eight and walked three.
b-After tax credits of $41,500 for the quarter and $79,000 for the 6 months.
Patrols by small army units able to operate at night and carry out ambushes are a rarity.
''Sure,'' says Annabelle, ''no problem.''
Mr. Brant, the prosecutor said, has denied knowing that the account was financed with money that the client, David W. C. Clark, a lawyer, took without authority from Roger Wilson, an actor.
The oldest tenant is International Biotechnologies, makers of commercial enzymes, which since 1981 has expanded from three to 75 employees and now has annual sales of $7 million.
They're $190 to $250 at Outback (382 West Broadway).
c-After a realized investment loss of $2,645,000 for the quarter and a realized investment gain of $1,187,000 for the 6 months.
Nor does she aspire to model for toothpaste advertisements.
And other people lie when they remain silent about the M.I.5 stakeout.
Their credits include the CBS comedy series ''Baker's Dozen,'' and two hourlong dramatic specials for CBS Afternoon Playhouse.
Indians 6, Brewers 2 Indians 2, Brewers 0 CLEVELAND (AP) - In the second game, George Vukovich hit a two-run homer in the fifth and Ramon Romero and Bryan Clark combined on a six-hitter as Cleveland pushed its winning streak to four.
The investigation by the Royal Canadian Mounted Police and other agencies, including the Security and Intelligence Service, appeared to be focusing on Toronto and Vancouver.
Galles owns the car, and has sold the major sponsorship to the Valvoline Oil Company.
Redl was also not without a strange Iago-like quality, a fitting subject for the Hungarian director Istvan Szabo, who won an Academy Award in 1981 for his ''Mephisto,'' a study of a great German actor who collaborates with the Nazis.
President Monroe was so terrified of assassins that he hid sharpshooters in the trees of the White House and in 1818 surrounded the grounds with an iron fence.
Downstairs are the three bedrooms.
Mr. Kagan said he believed the buyers might have been reluctant to pay a higher price because it was a stock sale with all of its attendant uncertainties.
In 1974, the two sides agreed to a treaty on a threshold test ban, limiting the size of nuclear devices exploded underground to 150 kilotons, but the accord has not been approved by the United States Senate.
The ventriloquist Jeff Dunham works with four dummies simultaneously, throwing his voice from one to the other so quickly that he is able to engage them in an argument.
To the Editor: The March 9 column by Sydney H. Schanberg about Donald Trump is shocking in its bias and disregard of due process.
The Braves batted around in the fourth to break a 2-2 tie and win for only the third time in their last 10 games.
The tenth component, the percentage of companies receiving slower deliveries from suppliers, indicating possible production bottlenecks, was unchanged.
He has now calmed down, is using his fly rod almost exclusively and has taken several fish with it.
Is it sheer niceness that makes the nature programs so appealing?
#6.Cut the brownies into one-half-inch cubes and fold these into the remaining batter, taking care not to break up or crumble the cold cubes.
The credibility of children is also very much at issue in a Los Angeles court, where lengthy preliminary hearings are being held on whether seven teachers at a private nursery school should be brought to trial for child abuse.
Paul Weidner, his talented predecessor as head of the company, had specialized in small-scale contemporary revivals of works by Edward Albee, Eugene O'Neill and others.
The managers of the business - which makes liquid fertilizer - bought it from Allied in a leveraged buyout, renamed it the Arcadian Corporation, and have pulled the company through - at least so far.
Many fear that even if an insurance company agrees to issue malpractice insurance, the price will be too high, perhaps rising to $3,000 or $5,000 a year.
''I doubt if anybody will call me up and say, 'Come be my manager.'
The developers, Easthill Associates, recently won approval of the project after suing the town over its obligation under the State Supreme Court's Mount Laurel II decision to provide low- and moderate-income housing.
Other late dollar rates in Europe, compared with late rates Thursday and with last Friday's rates in parentheses, included: 2.8780 West German marks, up from 2.8698 (2.8805); 2.3515 Swiss francs, up from 2.3510 (2.3700); 8.7500 French francs, up from 8.7450 (8.7450); 3.2375 Dutch guilders, up from 3.2350 (3.2450); 1,923 Italian lire, up from 1,917 (2,200), and 1.3527 Canadian dollars, up from 1.3508 (1.3475).
If the outstretched wings suggest a frantic desire for flight, they also make the figure, with her open mouth, seem operatic.
When Mr. Koch took office, he went after many of the abusers.
Slowly the birds start to wake up.
To the Editor: An oil-import tariff (editorial, Feb. 1) would lower demand for OPEC oil and nudge world prices farther down the slippery slope.
A commercial DC-10 normally carries 300 passengers, while a commercial 747 normally carries 400.
''He has not the slightest notion of what is happening in the minds and lives of the people of this land,'' Mr. Storey added at a news conference, ''and I don't believe that he has done a service to the cause of justice and change by taking the view that he has taken.''
The Nets shot 57.9 percent from the field and controlled the backboards, 45-33.
To date, she has turned out a blockbuster of 500 and 600 pages every two years.
None too helpful to the cause is the broken foot that will keep Tony Phillips away from second base until late May or early June.
Whether There Was a Crime Typically, Professor Morris said, a recantation concerns the question of guilt.
Army was the only wishbone team Boston College faced last season.
But Mr. Jaffe's pet project does not involve a building.
Not only will the cars be judged for condition and authenticity of restoration, but the picnics brought by their owners or their wives will also be scrutinized and awarded prizes for excellence in food preparation and presentation.
By BARRYMORE SCHERER We have come a long way in our revival of Baroque performance practice since the days when original instruments, unequal temperament and lower pitch were novelties to ears nurtured on Wagnerian arrangements of Bach and Handel.
Lawrence Jones, president of the American Insurance Association, denies that the established insurers shifted their sights from assessing risks to investing premiums.
* Ply-Gem Industries, a manufacturer of specialty wood products and filtration media, said that its Studley Paper Co. subsidiary, a maker of vacuum cleaner bags, had acquired the disposable vacuum cleaner bag business of Gustin-Kramer Ltd. of Toronto.
Last year, the Museum of Broadcasting presented three of ''Honeymooners'' episodes from the original Gleason program and lines stretched around 53d Street to see them.
The Ticketron charge is $1.30, except in Montreal, where it is $1.15; and the Teletron charge is $2.25.
Against the Dodgers in the N.L.
I was just glad to be going to a contending team, and hopefully I can pitch as well for the Yankees as Phil has.''
And what wonderful issues there are, especially in New York.
She may not be as driven as she once was, she said, but she is willing to make the sacrifices necessary to remain at the top.
*3*** COMPANY REPORTS ** View Full Article in Timesmachine »
GTE has not released final results for 1984, but Mr. Dobbin said the Florida company's revenues were more than $1 billion, up from $862 million for all of 1983.
The works illustrate what Vincent Scully, an art historian and a member of the Yale faculty, describes as ''the end of the old, humanist, man-centered world with its fixed values, and the beginning of the mass age of modern history, with its huge environments and rushing continuities.''
39 and the Piano Concerto No.
In the 1970's he was breeding horses, and, he says, ''doing poorly'' at it.
Martha Carlson, who was working at the Busti Corner Store in Busti, N.Y., said three houses, a church and a trailer park had been destroyed during the night.
''Our running game is better this year,'' said Morris, ''because we're having success with it, so we're staying with it a little longer.
Her ski porter, Ali Muhammad, swelled with pride, and compelled the other porters to watch her descend.
Whenever I come across this scene, I think back to my first day as a camp counselor.
Hotels Maho Reef and Beach Resort has a casino, nightclub, beach and water sports as well as about 186 rooms and suites, including tennis cabanas.
But Saturday evening, Trout was bicycling in the suburb of Crete with his wife and child when his bicycle skidded in gravel and he fell and injured his left shoulder.
The new report is being published in the Nov. 2 issue of The Lancet, a British medical journal, and was made public at a news conference today at the National Institutes of Health.
The trainers have less stake and less interest in baiting each other this time around.
Mix in salmon, and season to taste with salt and pepper.
''If these results are to be accepted,'' said Wilbert A. Tatum, the editor of the Amsterdam News, the black weekly, ''it is devastating.''
Announcing the recess, William C. Douce, chairman, said that, in the meantime, the polls would remain open.
But many hardy anemones for this region do exist.
If that leads to an increase in inflation, then Europeans will have second thoughts about holding dollar securities.
It lists a variety of factors, including a prediction that the demand for electricity will be depressed by the rate increases required to pay for Shoreham.
Similarly, it has sold a number of corporate or division headquarters for the likes of Xerox, Owens-Illinois and USF&G.
The two companies are offering to pay $1,175 for outstanding $1,000 bonds bearing coupons of more than 15 percent, and are financing the purchases with new debentures yielding less than 12 1/2 percent.
M. M. Nasarawa, commandant of the army's infantry school in Jaji.
The comparative statistics for states are only a small part of the hundreds of thousands of statistics included in the 105th edition of the abstract, a 990-page compendium of information about the United States and its people.
Nonetheless, to the mob, that penalty would look like a full pardon.
IN ''The Boys of Winter,'' the new John Pielmeier play at the Biltmore, the audience is asked to empathize with seven marines who are spending Christmas week 1968 on a near-suicide mission in South Vietnam.
It would also be very easy to protect silos from laser attacks, many experts say, simply by covering them with materials to absorb or deflect the laser light.
I would call 'Amos' a cousin to 'Cuckoo's Nest.'
The suggestion seemed to be that stronger measures were contemplated.
Power now passes again to Robert Bourassa, the Liberal who twice before served as Quebec's Premier.
Rossini, a product of the bel canto school himself, did not like the Duprez sound, which he likened to ''the squawk of a capon having its throat cut.''
Mr. Pepitone, 44 years old, is a former first baseman for the New York Yankees and other major-league teams.
I want to make myself secure.
A well-placed Energy Department source said today that one consideration in not previously proposing to merge the two departments was the presence of James G. Watt as Interior Secretary.
District Attorney Robert M. Morgenthau is still investigating the allegations of fraud and forgery that were referred to him by the State Supreme Court Justice, Martin Evans.
March 20 and 21 - ''The Bhopal Tragedy: Could It Happen Here?''
In all, the Consumer Price Index stood at 322.8 in July, meaning that goods costing $10 in 1967 would have cost $32.28 last month.
Checking Track Records Usually there are many receptions, allowing great selectivity on who is to provide dinner.
One of his best was Leonard Marshall, now a starting defensive end.
b-Includes non-operating charges and credits including a gain on the sale of three hospitals of about $3 million, or 3 cents a share.
The Federal Reserve Board frowns on such practices, even if legal.
The lack of offense is not the team's only problem.
DIAMANDA GALAS is regarded by some as the Maria Callas of avant-garde music.
Previous Changes Acknowledged Mr. Papandreou's claim to have given a sense of ''liberation'' to the countryside is considered by some to gloss over the fact that conservative Governments had acted since 1974 to reduce what the Prime Minister called ''the repressive state machine.''
Lief's 9 ... P-B4 was reasonable, although Black could never hope for a later attack on the opposing center with ... P-B3.
Although Mr. Reagan lost the nomination fight to President Ford, who lost the election to Jimmy Carter, the phrase public diplomacy remained in moderate use during the Carter years.
As many as eight years have passed without the selection committee's choosing someone to receive this honor.
Experience has shown that people don't get corrected in prison.''
Her father is a partner in the New York investment firm Lord, Abbett & Company.
''Simple things like who has the power of attorney to pay bills and what kind of supplemental insurance exists, become very important in a crisis.
Although the shelter is intended for county residents, ''we don't plan to turn anybody away,'' Miss Banks said.
Louis B. Susman, an attorney for the investors, identified them at a news conference today only as ''local businessmen as well as a newspaper operation that has expertise in the field.''
During the Nouveau Beaujolais season, which begins on Nov. 15 and lasts for about two weeks, many of the patrons waiting for tables ease the tension by sipping the nouveau.
For the second straight year, Bill Laimbeer of Detroit was added to the Eastern All- Stars replace a player unable to participate because of an injury.
''We've been simply delighted,'' Mrs. Schneider said.
Raymond O'Donnell, said Mr. Domic appeared to be emotionally disturbed, but calmed down when he reached the hospital.
Michelle Crawford of California Rural Legal Assistance, who is representing some of the detainees, said the effort to release the strikers was being made so that they could talk publicly about their treatment and to avoid a pledge by immigration officials to seek a court order to force-feed them if their medical conditions warranted it.
But now and then even the 1-A schools know good things come in small packages.
The other two women victims were not lucky.
'Riders are physical and riding is a feeling, so what they'll be doing tonight is dancing.''
Much of the material seems to have been culled from newspaper accounts and secondary sources.
ROBERT KERREY Governor of Nebraska Lincoln, Neb., Feb. 6, 1985
A Wide Reputation Mr. Heller was well known among Americans living here as a lawyer who made out tax forms for both the Internal Revenue Service and the Italian tax authorities.
The real problem, say local consumer affairs officials, is that retailers are not telling shoppers what they are getting.
Both churches are located in small communities with black populations that are even more of a minority than is the national norm.
That was exactly what West wanted.
Besides adding to the ''marketability of stocks, especially West Coast stocks,'' he said that stronger communication links would enable the East and West Coast investment communities to work closer together and to create more of a central market for stocks.
Though not chicken-hearted about being subjected to air transport, I prefer not to suffer it in nasty weather.
He averaged 5.1 points per game, and while his total of 21 steals was the seventh-best total on the team, the six Hoyas ahead of McDonald averaged more than his 14.7 minutes of playing time.
Coach Bill Fitch, who does not believe in second chances where drugs are concerned, greeted Lucas after the former player completed a drug rehabilitation program last week in California.
''We don't see any other motive showing up,'' said Bill Baker, an F.B.I.
Although they are isolated, the people who live in the Angle say they are not lonely.
AIDS destroys the body's immune system, leaving the victim open to deadly infection.
Another exploded in the courtyard of the Federal Defense Ministry's procurement office in Koblenz, south of Bonn.
Twelve people were injured today when striking schoolteachers and transport workers seeking better wages clashed with policemen.
The margin of sampling error was three percentage points in either direction.
Piglet, the grand dame of the Bronx Zoo, took her time before wriggling out at half past noon to no shadow, and a forecast of an early spring.
The Army, convinced that too many of its soldiers are passing physical fitness tests without regularly exercising, has decided to toughen the tests.
The hijackers had strewn debris from carry-on luggage ''a foot deep'' in the aisles.
Bankers insist there is little reason to worry about defaults.
Also of interest are the continuing performances of Torroba's zarzuela ''Luisa Fernanda'' at the Repertorio Espa,nol (at the Gramercy Arts Theater, 138 East 27th Street) - Sunday at 3 and next Saturday at 8 P.M.
The Reagan Administration and most other participants have been calling for the talks in order to combat mounting protectionist pressures.
Outraged, the Democrats countered by attacking the Republican nominee, James G. Blaine, for his premarital relations with his wife.
9 A.M. today: outdoor procession of choirs, clergy and congregation from City Hall to the church, ''O Glory Laud and Honor'' by Teschner, choir and trumpets.
They themselves say that vision emerges out of intuitive knowing and that intuition has always been a part of corporate life.
official who defected to the West in July.
b-After losses from discontinued operations of $571,000 for the quarter and $942,000 for the year.
In a 100-page document surveying a broad range of civil rights, the group said that ''no other Pakistani Government, civilian or military, has compromised the legal foundations for civil liberties so deeply and for so long.''
said Mr. Michaels, snapping the top off a plastic container.
Garcia, Ernie Whitt and Willie Upshaw hit home runs for the Blue Jays, who won two of three games in the weekend series to increase their lead over Detroit to three and a half games in the American League East.
As the mass of compacted mud and rock dried in the withering sun today, 40 to 60 feet deep in some places, National Guardsmen and others working with one crane unearthed six additional bodies.
This summer there is a choice of two: Moscow on Aug. 10 and Reykjavik on Aug. 25.
Korde, Rukesh A. Kruysman, John W. Oei, Christopher Stephan, Anna K. GARDEN CITY PARK Harr, Kendal E., Mineola H.S.
That move has contributed to an increase in the company's debt to $1 billion, from $370 million, while equity has shrunk from $1.5 billion, to $519 million.
''We'll just hope we get a change in conditions,'' he said.
''The list of individuals who might have shed light on this matter, and all the circumstances and issues surrounding it, is long,'' Commissioner Zeitz said.
Each page is framed by a colorful illustrated border that continues the Transportation series theme.
About 150 mortgage bankers, with 1,500 offices, subscribe to Shelternet, but there are no members in New York City.
THE New Year is still a couple of weeks off.
He had no heart and therefore had nothing to fear from the world.
In Stamford, where 110 student volunteers come from most of the city's 10 high schools, a double shift of 12 will be working New Year's Eve.
''If they want me, I'll play,'' he said regarding future competition.
An interfering trustee of the St.
Thus he was in love with Rupert Brooke and then years later had an affair with Noel Olivier, one of the prominent Olivier sisters, whom he, Rupert Brooke and Adrian Stephen all adored.
Cooperation is the road to increased well being of peoples and flourishing of life.
Some experts apparently fear that Intelsat would cut rates low enough to push competitors into bankruptcy.
Sauteed salmon steak, supposedly in a parsley and almond butter sauce, was succulent and perfectly cooked.
Work done in common areas of a building, on its heating or electrical system, or in a nonresidential unit, will be shared by residential tenants and landlords, with residential tenants' paying, as a group, the percentage of the building's total floor space that they occupy, he said.
He calls on the Federal Government to pay attention to the city's social ills and to provide more money for foster care and other services.
The demolition forced the city to close the street, between the Avenue of the Americas and Broadway, causing traffic jams in Times Square, and left the block covered in dirt and rife with confusion.
But once in high gear Another Reef caught him easily and went right on by.
QUESTION: How did the Yankees make out in the game they played on the day Lou Gehrig decided to end his consecutive game streak?
''Groupings of pinks and burgundy tones, or golds and oranges, or lavenders and soft cream shades pair nicely,'' Mrs. Harwood says.
Indeed, scurrying to prevent an unwanted loss of revenue, the Senate and House voted desperately yesterday to postpone today's scheduled reduction of the cigarette tax for 45 days.
The program also provides a support system for the parents.
The list of the arrested protesters contains the names of dozens of black leaders, labor leaders, community activists and legislators, many of them veterans of the earlier struggle for human rights for blacks in this country.
Men's pullovers range from $68 to $100, and cardigans from $97 to $150.
What novelist of the 18th or 19th century aimed at anything less than ''constructing a world which shall be symbolic of the world of commonplace experience''?
She has eye and heart ailments.
He is the regional administrator for Latin America of John Wiley & Sons, a New York publisher.
The future bride is a granddaughter of the late Charles E. McCarthy of New York and Westhampton Beach, L.I., who was president and vice chairman of the Allied Stores Corporation, and of Alfred J. Burns of Fort Lauderdale, Fla., a retired vice president of the Sterling Drug Company.
That suspension cost me $10,000 in pay, and for the rest of the season, I kept thinking to myself, 'Hey, if I hit somebody, they'll doggone suspend me again.'
She said that she asked Mr. von Bulow to call a doctor but that he refused, and she left the room.
Guerrero has hit 28 home runs, knocked in 63 runs and batted .354.
''It's about the size of a slumbering water buffalo,'' Mr. Monagan wrote, ''although many people expect something more along the lines of Gibraltar.''
To no one's surprise, the oil companies had a difficult three months.
He does accuse the United States of dealing with Greece in ways long outdated.
For Mr. Arias, not only is there loneliness, but also the pressure of carrying the torch for his family.
When she heard about the problems at Montauk, she decided to become involved.
His main accomplishment was to restore new confidence in the rule of law.
Mr. Botha's statements in Potchefstroom and his refusal to meet with Bishop Tutu, the winner of the 1984 Nobel Peace Prize, seemed to emphasize that South Africa will not be deterred from the emergency declaration until the authorities complete what they depict as cleaning out black radical dissent from the townships.
So, planners say, those enamored of energy might consider a partnership in which half the money goes into developmental wells, where there has been an 80 percent success rate in recent years, and half into exploratory drilling, where there has been only a 30 percent rate, but where a successful well could bring a big return.
Such choreography seems only a fancy version of the numbers that might turn up at a dancing-school recital.
.Marc Davis, an animator and designer for such classic Walt Disney films as ''Bambi,'' ''Sleeping Beauty'' and ''Song of the South,'' will be the subject of a 30-minute profile, Friday evening at 10:30 on the Disney Channel.
''Malta's unwillingness to anger Libya made an American presence too politically risky for them.''
When the hands of the clock met at midnight, a sigh of relief was heard from John H. Riley and his aides.
It has concerned itself with Jewish political prisoners in Argentina and the Soviet Union.
''The Immortal Hour,'' which was completed in 1921, was initially a very popular work, and received hundreds of performances in the decade after its premiere.
Three people, including a 14-year-old boy, have been killed in what appears to be an upsurge of Basque separatist violence in the last 24 hours.
''For example, you can teach 10-month-olds to learn to be gentle with the family dog - that their actions have consequences in making a pet happy or sad,'' she explained.
Hartmarx's advertising theme is ''The Right Suit,'' and its campaign features photographs of prosperous businessmen decked out in its products, implying that the right suit can have something to do with access to the executive suite.
Mr. Tobin, whose piercing eyes and austere manner have intimidated many a student and colleague, has found himself at odds with the monetarists throughout his career.
A perfect windup would be a warm old-fashioned shortcake biscuit with strawberries and a farm-fresh frothy double cream.
The expertise for running this system can only be acquired by years of familiarity with the system itself.
Others are former Attorney General Griffin Bell; Owen F. Beiber, head of the United Auto Workers; John R. Dellenback, president of the Christian College Coalition; Lawrence Eagleburger, former Under Secretary of State; the Rev.
''Health-Tex had been giving them some problems, particularly this year,'' said Diane L. Mustain, an analyst with Duff & Phelps Inc. ''They have been late introducing a fashion line and that caused them some financial problems.
The Commission on Judicial Nomination will begin interviewing candidates soon.
Consider the humiliating pass laws, whose abolition is now urged by the President's Committee for Constitutional Affairs.
Faceless waitresses have about as much personality as the thawed, deep-fried, pathetically puny portions of cloned fast food.
has determined that more than two parts of PCB's per million in fish is a potential danger to human health.
Mr. Weinberger cited the economic recovery and lower inflation rates as the reason for a return to a payments schedule used until 1981.
Further, according to officials of the Tin Industry Research and Development Board here, experts are searching for ways to use tin in ''downstream'' industries rather than exporting it as unworked metal.
They sometimes show insufficient regard for the religious sensibilities of others.
The case involved two liquor stores, one on Long Island and a second in New York City, that were charged with selling liquor for less than the amounts permitted.
But Gooden saved one of his best fastballs of the night for Kevin Bass.
The newly paved four-lane highway already has several office parks and a new 50,000-square-foot IBM corporate training center, even though its major access road is the winding North Kensico Road.
Legislators all over this country are now responding by making prison sentences longer, limiting parole, eliminating indeterminate sentencing and eliminating probation altogether for serious crimes.
* Delay development of a space station, to reduce 1987 spending.
One man was killed when a tree fell on his car, and two others suffered heart attacks.
And Mr. Vaillaud intends to retain that emphasis.
Under an overpass at the Bronx Terminal Market, James Austin, who had spent a very cold night unloading vegetables, stood with two friends next to a fire in a steel drum.
operations in other segments of the agency.
Alternate routes would be through the South Pacific, making access to Australian ports even more essential.
Mr. Ortega also rejected accusations by American officials that the ruling Sandinista Front was engaged in drug smuggling and was providing arms to leftist groups in other countries.
In the end, more questions were asked by Western reporters than by those from the Soviet Union or the Soviet bloc.
Sets begin at 10 and 11:30 P.M. and 1 A.M.; there is a $10 cover and a $5 minimum.
Bowman says, ''I ignore them completely from December to March.''
He worried, too, that his relationship with his daughter would be affected by his being less observant than she.
Development of a laser for cutting cloth in the apparel industry.
When the California singer released his first album, ''Silvertone,'' he started the kind of tour most rock musicians can't be bothered with any more.
Budget Talks Began in October Mayor Washington and his Council opponents have been proposing budgets since mid-October.
Richard M. Harris, senior vice president of finance for the International Paper Company, which took a $150 million pretax write-off, said that the charges resulted from a decision that it had to reduce mill capacity and its timber lease holdings because of a flood of cheaper imports from Canada.
RUDE ASSIGNMENT By Wyndham Lewis.
San Antonio evened its record at 22-22, while New Jersey, which has lost six of its last seven games, dropped to 20-26.
What was the most popular preadolescent diversion?
The deputy medical examiner, Dr. Stuart Dawson, said two attendants had been suspended without pay pending an inquiry into what he called ''clearly a case of gross negligence.''
Mr. Ardito Barletta was not present.
But the CBS decision had what one Paramount executive called ''a domino'' effect on several other stations around the country, and they began to drop out of the project in the last two days.
Donald K. McLain, director for management of the New York office of the Department of Housing and Urban Development, said the agency found in the late 1960's that a number of H.U.D.-financed housing projects were going bankrupt because of bad management.
''The fact is that the Palestinian issue and the United Nations are twins, born out of war, who emerged, grew and suffered together,'' he said.
MICHAEL FORSYTH'S ''Buildings for Music'' is a superbly illustrated and absorbing study of concert halls and opera houses built or conceived since the 17th century.
Farmer annual interest expense has more than doubled, from $10.2 billion in 1978 to an estimated $22 billion in 1984.
They got their first big break in 1979 when they persuaded Lucille Ball's lawyer to let them sell her ''Here's Lucy'' series for syndication in this country.
''We lived in rooming houses,'' says Louis Daniel, who came to New York from Bermuda with Mr. Sarrazin and who ran Le Chambertin on West 46th Street for many years.
The same may be said for the desserts: almond tarts, cassata (Sicilian ice cream) and tubular, ricotta-and-cream filled cannoli.
When the California Legislature is in session, he said, ''There is rarely a night when I am not attending one or two receptions or fund raisers, or having dinner with a group of legislators.''
As a result of the unwinding of those activities - which did not reflect any real business in Ohio - Home State's current total assets are much smaller.
And he joined the fruitless effort of some younger Democratic governors, led by Charles S. Robb of Virginia, to find a new chairman of the Democratic National Committee who would reflect the views of their generation.
Mark checks ''Colombia Disaster Fund.''
The fall season is not without its puzzlements, however.
An American writer, Henry Martin, tape-recorded the artist-farmer Gianfranco Baruchello's Italian monologues and translated them for Mr. Baruchello's views on such topics as the earth, politics, Marcel Duchamp, the soul, Christo, bees, feminism, lettuce and death.
It's one of the things we work for,'' said Peter Orne, president of WTNH-TV.
Roseland also features a variety of contests.
''I think we've been lucky,'' says Senator Gary Hart, a Colorado Democrat.
''Crossings,'' by Danielle Steel (Dell).
A few years ago, these achievements seemed beyond the reach of this Federal service academy on Kings Point, L.I.
''In reality they want to replace them.
c-Including a gain of $5,872 from a refund of real estate taxes for prior years and a charge of $25,000 representing a writedown of contingency liability on vendor claims in Chapter 11 proceedings.
Although 30 percent of them were X-rayed in the womb, the researchers found only 32 cases of cancer by the time the twins reached the age of 15.
Cardinal O'Connor, speaking in Wilton, Conn., on Saturday at an auction to benefit the restoration of St. Patrick's Cathedral, said: ''There are people living in the streets with this problem and they need a home.
Most, though, agreed that after the psychological, social and economic dislocations of British rule, they wanted no more foreign domination - certainly no more Westernization.
For Mr. Guare, as for more than 100 other American playwrights over the last 15 years, the Rockefeller Foundation's program of fellowships represented money to buy the ultimate gift: the time to write.
If you want to be wistful about the old days, launch a campaign to bring the Dodgers back to Brooklyn.
In his address to the conference, according to accounts of the speech published today by the state-controlled Jordanian papers, King Hussein warned the meeting that failure to support the accord would lead to ''inaction and paralysis.''
Securities Dealers Buying ''We've seen constant nibbling at the market by retail accounts with a fair number of $5 million and $10 million orders,'' one trader said.
The officials and Western diplomats said they believed that leftist insurgents were the most likely suspects, though they did not rule out the possibility that the kidnappers could be from the extreme right.
Meanwhile, another Amal official, Akef Haidar, said that two Americans who have medical problems had been examinded by doctors and it had been decided not to send them home.
''You know, after we got off to that great start and I tied the record in the first 27 seconds, I thought maybe it was a sign that things were going to go really well for us,'' Potvin said.
Dodgers 9, Pirates 1 LOS ANGELES (AP) - Greg Brock hit a grand slam and a run-scoring single to support a five-hitter by Bob Welch and lead Los Angeles over Pittsburgh.
A Few Surprises on the Wall Mr. Amit said there were still a few names, some of them foreigners, who had died in the service of Israeli intelligence on operations so secret that they could not be listed.
''This is, after all, what I want to do,'' he said.
King rails also no longer nest in the area, he said, and marsh wrens and red-winged blackbirds evidently have declined.
The same injury took him out of the lineup for two games in October.
Season with salt and pepper.
What do you think should be done?
The $236 billion commercial paper market has grown rapidly and is an important source of funds for high- grade companies, including many foreign companies and authorities whose debt is guaranteed by a foreign government.
Their mission: to learn to read and write Chinese and touch base with the culture of their ancestors.
He said Mr. Corson, 57, would resume the president's title, which he held before Mr. Johnson's appointment in 1983.
''The Vietnam War is something our generation really takes seriously,'' he maintains.
His performances of the Chopin mazurkas leave all competition behind.
With the appearance of ''Nightwood,'' she achieved an international reputation.
''If it's there, we'll use it,'' said Prince Muqrin bin Abdul-Aziz, Governor of Hail Province, where 250,000 acres of wheat, nursery trees and vegetables will be planted and irrigated this year.
Many media representatives, however, do not think that will happen.
''I was coming off a block, and there it was,'' said Russo of the tipped ball.
IT is one of the tenets of Ronald Reagan's Presidency that the path to success often leads through compromise.
Metropolitan Philaret was born George Nikolaevich Voznesensky in the city of Kursk, Russia, in 1903.
These are stunning works, many studded with green gemstones and pearls by a people thought to be nomads.
But today, as ocean-liner enthusiasts and others gather at the South Street Seaport to mark the anniversary of the Normandie's maiden voyage, her brass steam whistle will bellow once again from the Manhattan shoreline.
Nov. 11: ''Solo Flight,'' also by Mr. Reaves.
''We frown on zoning for 32 bedrooms per acre,'' said Thomas Wilson of the Planning and Zoning Board, which prohibmultifamily dwellings of more than 10 stories.
It was a disheartning defeat for the Jazz, who were playing without their mammoth center, 7-4 Mark Eaton, who suffered a season-ending knee injury in the final game of Utah's opening-round victory over Houston.
And his gung-ho Postal Minister, Christian Schwarz-Schilling, staked his reputation on a costly crash program of wiring the country with broad-band copper cable - which some experts believe will soon be obsolete.
The man, identified as Mark Cabokoski, 28 years old, of Leonia, N.J. fell from the boat at 11:35 P.M., the police said.
Judith (Miss Marchand) is wealthy and oozes ennui, while Constance, the hostess for a weekend in the country, is deeply in debt and resolutely lighthearted.
's 'failure to insist' '' on projects for the eastern part of Yonkers ''has no bearing on the city's liability.''
Lyles in Debut Lester Lyles made his debut as a Jet, playing an extra linebacker.
No aria that night caused more excitement.
''I hope that in 10 years, when this place is filled with people, the critics will say, 'Why did we give it away so quickly,' '' Mr. Koch said in the courtyard of one of the terminal's two central buildings.
Admonished by the Police Last week he was admonished by the police authorities for signing an open letter calling for a boycott of parliamentary elections next month.
The New Testament tells us that faith without works is dead.
Mr. Davitt, who left the Justice Department in 1980 after 30 years, said most of the Israeli activity was aimed at gathering information on Arab countries.
''I think the President needs to scare us a bit,'' Senator Dole, a Kansan, said of the Reagan speech.
I hear footsteps and I am sure they are real.
A $9,000 payroll for their company, Prompt Service Maintenance of Elmsford, that Mr. Matsuyama had with him was missing.
It seemed to me we were wasting precious time talking.
An old-fashioned idea, to be sure.
Her father is manager of snack products development for Nabisco Brands in Wilton, Conn. Captain Braunstein is an alumnus of the United States Military Academy.
At criticality, the reactor core would be brought for the first time in six years to the controlled edge of the powerful nuclear reaction capable of producing 960 megawatts of power.
The Police Department was inundated with phone calls from residents who were trying to find out the score of each game.
$150,000 *2* 509 Oxford Road *2* 3-bedroom, 2-bath, 45-year-old Cape Cod; *2* dining room, eat-in kitchen, *2* den, 1-car garage; taxes $1,500.
But the particle accelerator would hurl a powerful beam of electrons through the chimney gas, thereby ripping apart gas molecules of sulfur and nitrogen oxides.
The buses and vans, which charge $1 for taking visitors across the Rikers Island Bridge, were crammed.
While it is satisfying to see Darwin's great idea unfolding, by the end of the book Darwin himself is sorely missed.
Temple 69, Rutgers 58 PHILADELPHIA (AP) - Charles Rayne scored 16 points and became the 24th Temple player to reach the 1,000-point plateau, in the Atlantic 10 Conference game.
It was not clear last night what effect the agreement would have on electricity rates or on the utilities' financial condition.
Like most samplers, this one is more teasing than satisfying.
An article in Business Day on Monday about Wall Street bonuses incorrectly described a change in salary policy several years ago at Merrill Lynch.
''I lost everything, exactly everything.''
The American Stock Exchange's market-value index fell 0.45, to 225.38, while in over-the-counter trading the Nasdaq composite index gained 0.54, to 287.92.
''Many of the programs are of very high quality,'' Mr. Sanders said, responding to questions from Senator Weicker.
MusicVision 60 minutes, $29.95 Screaming young girls are heard almost continuously in ''British Rock: The First Wave,'' a history of pop's British Invasion and aftermath.
The biggest recipient of state aid is New York City, whose emissary here, Claudia Wagner, said, ''There's no crisis for tomorrow - we've coped with it before.''
How They Solved Problem In an interview in their office in suburban Towson, Md., the young men told how they had solved the problem at hand: applying the technology that had already been invented when the laser-encoded card was developed by the Drexler Technology Corporation of Mountain View, Calif. An important aspect was devoting all their energies to it.
The San Diego Padres were looking for Alan Wiggins yesterday after the second baseman failed to appear for a game against the Dodgers in Los Angeles Thursday night and was still among the missing as the Padres reported for last night's game.
He provided daily intelligence analyses to Admiral Layton, then a lieutenant commander.
Nor were these the only odds that Mr. Li would face in a half-century of participation in Chinese politics.
awarded the index to the Board of Trade, and the Merc responded by applying to the Commodities Futures Trading Commission to trade a competing futures contract based on the S.&P.
They came back to tie at 3-3 after only 77 seconds, with Maloney sliding in a rebound of Ron Greschner's shot from the left side.
At times the historical background is suggested by a telling anecdote.
When the cartridge is saturated and no longer doing its job, a replacement that costs only a few dollars can be installed in minutes.
Mr. McCabe, a recovered alcoholic who underwent treatment 14 years ago, recalled his own performance as a sheetmetal worker: ''I was sly.
This was to be a kind of salutary tale about the class system.
b-Net income c-Includes an after-tax gain of $789,000, or 47 cents a share, on the July 1984 sale of its Redlands, Calif., vitreous China plant.
The decision to remove the official Roman Catholic seal of approval from a popular adult catechism, ''Christ Among Us,'' was carefully considered and not spurred by conservative pressure, a leading bishop said today.
When given sufficient amounts of moisture, they balloon up, pressing against each other - that's the plumping - so that fine, dry-skin wrinkles (such as crow's feet around the eyes, which are often caused by stress or the weather) may become smoother and softer.
''I'm going bad,'' he said.
For locations and performance dates, the information number is 877-6810.
Sometimes in pain, the birds are inevitably uncomfortable, irritable, frustrated, and bored.
Phibro-Salomon's chairman, John H. Gutfreund, said that there would be a charge against the company's earnings because of the restructuring but added that it would probably come to less than the approximately $50 million that Phibro-Salomon would gain from a previously announced termination of Philipp Brothers' retirement plan.
There is almost nothing about the Biennial that has not been a subject of heated debate.
''We have hailstorms and tornadoes and we're always sending people down to the coast to cover hurricanes,'' he said.
However, she added, ''We don't have a firm figure on how many processed meat and poultry products do contain nutrition labeling, but it's less than 1 percent.''
Houston (7-5), a decided underdog going into this game, fell behind by 14-0 because of Flutie's first two scoring passes.
''Oliver, Oliver'' is something else entirely.
Can one be substituted for the other in a recipe?
More than 60 people were killed and 300 wounded in the fighting.
These are then crafted into articles by writers in the Time style, which favors action verbs and clever, offbeat introductions.
Over in Long Island City, Queens, it was around 1 A.M. when Franco Zeffirelli looked out the floor-to-ceiling windows of the Water's Edge restaurant, gazed across the East River at Manhattan and said: ''I'm speechless!
The recapture with 5 ... NxP is what distinguishes the Semi-Tarrasch from the Tarrasch Defense (5 ... KPxP).
This keeps growth young and succulent.
Mr. Fleischmann worries that while his box office has grown, his ''core audience,'' as he calls it, may have shrunk slightly.
counterintelligence agent, said in court affidavits that from February 1973 to August 1975, Mr. Koecher passed on to Czechoslovak agents classified materials, including the names of C.I.A.
The raid into Botswana prompted the Reagan Administration to recall its Ambassador in South Africa, Herman Nickel, for consultations.
Checks and money orders should be made payable to the Superintendent of Documents.
Its counsel functions as a prosecutor, presenting evidence to a seven-member panel that is appointed by the Appellate Division and that includes at least one nonlawyer.
Straight ahead, for example, is rendered by a vertical slicing gesture with the open palm outstretched in front of the speaker.
Lunch was Nathan's hot dogs (from Coney Island) and Manhattan Brewing Company beer (from Manhattan).
She seems to suspect any pleasure but the immediate.
Donald Thomas Regan, born Dec. 21, 1918, is a man who masterminds, orchestrates and controls.
The accord should not only enhance American-Israeli trade but also strengthen political and cultural ties, both governments said.
On Tuesday, the board turned down the proposals made by Texas Air.
The announcement was made following a meeting of the board.
For example, if 10 percent of a company's sales, payroll and property are in California, then 10 percent of its profits all over the world are subject to the state's corporation tax.
RonJon Blake AnnieCandy Raymond SallyJad Capelja CassidyCharles Tingwell PhilChris Haywood Old FarmerReg Lye
There should be about 1 cup.
Random complexity, endless variety and fine detail excite the eye.
Miss Gel Geddes, who won an Emmy Award in 1980 for her work in the role, had retired after undergoing heart surgery.
Late dollar rates in New York, compared with late rates Wednesday, included: 2.5160 marks, down from 2.5217; 2.1112 Swiss francs, down from 2.1225; 1.3987 Canadian dollars, up from 1.3958, and 7.7180 French francs, down from 7.7250.
Perhaps the reading public, or the Ecco Press, will disinter him again.
Although her interpretation was, in the main, undercharacterized, her fresh lyric soprano voice was pleasing to hear.
Three years ago, he recalled the other day, he was expanding a trench silo, a concrete-sided trough in the earth where green cornstalks are stored for silage to feed cattle, when his tractor tilted over.
In 1973 it was made into a movie.
''But not much,'' he said.
''I called the Russian desk of the State Department just to make sure that they encourage trade delegations with Russia, and that what the President had encouraged was in no way contradictory to that.
Now in an attempt to retain a 103-year-old parcel of Center City tradition, the congregation of the Church of the New Jerusalem is trying to sell the English Gothic masterwork in order to save it.
These defense lawyers continue to be a plaintiff's dream.
''That created a situation where we had to respond, to see what we were made of.''
Mrs. Grossman, who was then 30 years old, had had a routine pregnancy.
Of Mr. Mondale's posture in favor of Federal loans to the Chrysler Corporation, he writes, ''Mondale's position typified the preference of liberals for results over principles,'' while Mr. Hart's opposition ''was prototypical for reformers'' who yearn for ''intellectual purity.''
Today, most banks are charging interest rates of 19.8 percent, as well as annual fees ranging upward from $15.
''They asked me if I was starting both games,'' he said.
b-Includes an after-tax writeoff of $1,200,000 at the company's Scioto Bank unit, formerly Scioto Savings Association.
The grower usually deducts the fee from the migrant's pay, and in some cases migrants end up owing the grower money after a month's work.
As time went by, a number of parents, unwilling to let their children relive painful experiences, bowed out.
In the Hague, Foreign Minister Hans van den Broek of the Netherlands protested the incident to the South African Ambassador and demanded that the prisoner, Klaas de Jonge, 48 years old, be handed over to the embassy.
The price is $1,123 a person, double.
Miss Redpath is on toe and looks alluring in a black dress and with golden hair streaming down one side of her face.
In her event, Miss McGowan was pushed and fell, suffering bruises on her face and cuts on her hands.
We need to look at his career in its entirety, then, if we hope to understand both the nature of his idiosyncratic vision and the full meaning of ''The Americans.''
''There's an atmosphere of terror,'' a Palestinian intellectual said.
Without obtaining hard evidence, Mr. Salisbury basically accepts their account that Mao ran the show after Zunyi, this in spite of efforts by some historians in today's China to portray decision making as collegial.
At least three pieces of Federal legislation on boxing have been introduced in the House of Representatives.
There are other actors and co-writers with whom Tavernier has worked repeatedly, and for those who follow his work, Tavernier's films begin to gain a familial continuity.
Such verbal snapshots of a happy village lad seem a small, unintended joke on the scholar who could be so creative and harsh about his own ethnic group.
The agreement on the goals and format for the talks was worked out during two days of what was described as often sharp debate here by delegations led by Secretary of State George P. Shultz and Foreign Minister Andrei A. Gromyko.
Most recently, he was an assistant coach under John Hadl with the Los Angeles Express of the United States Football League.
The negative side of Congress, he said, was that ''we move very slowly, and in a modern world, where the pace is so dramatic and everything is interrelated, we pay a heavy price for moving slowly.''
Miss Martin makes Lillian seem understandably aggravated and uses her huge blue eyes to good effect.
Representatives of some member countries told the General Assemby today that while the United Nations might have lost some its prestige and support, it was time for all to make a renewed commitment to the organization's mandate to promote peace.
HENRY JAMES: LITERARY CRITICISM French Writers; Other European Writers; The Prefaces to the New York Edition.
Although granting that many college administrators sincerely hated apartheid, Mr. Carstens said, ''The universities have helped give legitimacy to the tyranny of a white minority.''
The Administration has dismissed the proposed Russian radar deal as ''inequitable and unacceptable.''
''No one wants the nuclear genie put back in the bottle more than I do,'' Mr. Reagan was reported to have said.
For many years I watched all the other guys bring the kids in the locker room on the day of a game, and I'd always look at them.
Mr. Morgenthau, whose every speech is studded with statistics, observed that, while ''one, two, three, four cases'' received much publicity, his office handled 110,000 a year and, on the average day, sent 13 people to state prison and 40 to local jail.
The company's international affairs group argued against such a step, and Gulf stayed.
After her final planned encore, she returned alone and sang, unaccompanied and unamplified, a song that left her in tears.
Our reviewer, William Boyd, said that it ''may not have changed the course of the English novel of the 20th century but it certainly changed its mood by showing that life in an average English town is lived just as intensely as in the metropolis.''
''I understand why they like to shout at me,'' he said.
As a result of the Treasury proposals, the venture capital community has once again been thrust to the forefront of the familiar debate, reignited by the Treasury plan, over whether special tax treatment of capital gains provides merely a windfall to wealthy investors, or a vital stimulus to investment.
So the Generals could be the home team in three playoff games.
High cartel prices have restricted demand.
Mr. Hammer, who graduated from the University of San Diego and received an M.B.A. degree from New York University, is an executive of the Occidental Petroleum Corporation in Los Angeles, of which his grandfather, Dr. Armand Hammer, is chairman and chief executive officer.
That was only slightly higher than many forecasters had expected, but it caused some nervousness that turned into agitation when the Fed announced later the same day that M-1, the basic measure of the nation's money supply, had grown $4.8 billion in the week ended June 10.
Rumasa included Spain's eight-largest banking network, the kingpin of which was Banco Atlantico, which was bought by the Bahrain-based Arab Banking Corporation.
Another notable work from the Dreitzer collection is Matisse's ''Open Window,'' painted in Nice in 1918, one of the first of scores the artist did on this theme in the 1920's.
Now there is stiff competition for tournament exposure.
Hearns may be most vulnerable if he goes for an early knockout.
One hundred Brooklyn bureau homemakers serve hundreds of such families weekly.
''Yesterday,'' he tells the group pleasantly, ''I was fishing in Sheepshead Bay.
Because of an exceptional contribution of more than $500,000 from a foundation last year, donations to the drive just ending are not expected to pass the record of $2,540,501.56 set by the 72d annual campaign.
This arrangement permits authors to get 100 percent of the soft-cover advance, as opposed to the 50 percent or 60 percent that is conventional when paperback rights are sold after the hard-cover appears.
The Lorenzen Pottery, a bright and airy single room at the front of the couple's one-story red-brick home, has been recently redecorated.
Columbus, Ohio, March 26, 1985 The writer is editor of The Bulletin of the Academy of Medicine of Columbus and Franklin County.
If you take the total population of younger persons 20 to 39 years old, we can expect a decrease of over six percent between now and the year 2000.
Reagan Explains His Decision Mr. Reagan disclosed his plans to visit a concentration camp at the end of a speech at the Conference on Religious Liberty, an assembly of religious groups whose sponsors included the American Jewish Committee, the National Association of Evangelicals and the Jacques Maritain Center at Notre Dame.
Propose meeting in Ensenada, Mexico, a neutral site.
There has been an increase in the number of attacks by the guerrillas since the Israeli Army withdrew from the Sidon area to new lines farther south a week ago.
''We look forward to the coming meeting in Geneva,'' he said, ''not for an end of all that has been wrong between East and West, but a beginning point for better relations, a starting point for progress,'' Mr. Reagan's interview with the students was held Monday in the Roosevelt Room for a network of 1,300 college radio stations.
If I have to go underneath, I'll do that.''
Helmets are required; there are three sizes on each scooter.
So a week ago, the 33-year-old Texan sought help.
The writers' meeting concluded with the American writers trying to tell the Chinese what they thought of the experience.
After prisoners are taken there for booking, separate trips in police vans are needed to get them to Criminal Court - trips that will now be eliminated.
Whatever the consequences for local bankers, interstate banking is a good deal for their customers.
Volume on the Big Board increased to 86.1 million shares, from 85.8 million on Wednesday.
We had 1939 Buick that, when new, must have caused heads to turn with envy as it passed.
The little Danzig colt, last year's 2-year-old champion and the heaviest Derby favorite in seven years, is a sentimental choice because most racetrackers think he deserves to win a classic.
The builders say the prospect is therefore for a veritable jungle of overhead lateral connections in the newer projects built in the common R3-2 zoning district.
People seeking help begin lining up outside the street-level office early in the morning.
''While such drugs may have side effects for a great many people, it is clear you can come up with the right regimen for almost everyone,'' said Dr. J. David Curb, principal author of the study, which appears in the issue of The Journal of the American Medical Association to be published Friday.
If that should happen, the Maryland Legislature would have to decide whether to make good on the insurance fund's unpaid debts or leave depositors to lose some of their money.
Corbin, the senior co-captain and forward for DePaul, led the Blue Demons with 14 points and 9 rebounds.
''In every way I respect the man still as I did before,'' said William Kesish, a past president of the United Chambers of Commerce, which Mr. Gipson currently heads.
He joined in 1928 when the band was playing at the Cotton Club.
Over the years, the Federal Interstate highway system has replaced Route 66, making it difficult for states to place signs indicating where the road goes.
Silk jersey, knitted cashmere and tropical worsteds all feel weightless on the body.
At least that's how Shula figures it.
The Senate Budget Committee, however, has issued a detailed set of ''assumptions'' about how programs would be changed.
Students will camp in tents, tour the Hammonassett State Park salt marsh, spend six hours on a boat observing birds at the Chimon Island National Wildlife Refuge, view the endangered piping plover at Milford Point and canoe down the Housatonic River.
In a criminal indictment returned last week by a Federal grand jury in Oregon and unsealed today, Mr. Rajneesh and seven other people were charged with attempting to circumvent Federal immigration laws at his Oregon commune.
Several of the committee members called the vote one of the hardest of their careers.
The six who were better: Ron Guidry of the 1978 Yankees (.893), Lefty Grove of the 1931 Philadelphia Athletics (.886), Preacher Roe of the 1951 Brooklyn Dodgers (.880), Joe Wood of the 1912 Boston Red Sox (.872) and both Whitey Ford of the 1961 Yankees and Wild Bill Donovan of the 1907 Detroit Tigers (each at .862).
His 2-foot-tall plaster model still moves from place to place around the Capitol.
''Buying an apartment costing several hundred thousand dollars is one of the most important financial decisions most people will ever make,'' he said, ''and they should make the decision wisely.''
''A Remarkable Woman,'' Anne Edwards's biography of Katharine Hepburn, is a more substantial study, explaining the elements that originally formed Miss Hepburn's character: her admiration for her outspoken mother; her adoration of her father; and an insular childhood.
Despite these differences in background, the squatters are all poor and waiting for the revolutionary Government to help them.
''Yes, it's really a carnival here.
The subjects of the films include childhood in America, uranium mining, nuclear war and Nicaragua.
So is a public exhibition in Havana's City Museum of American historical photographs of Cuba, privately arranged by a Minneapolis museum.
There's a real hungry audience on Long Island.''
The Conservative Government, too, has shown its sensitivity to charges that it is going too easy on its traditional supporters in business, while giving short shrift to the public interest.
In contrast to his operatic chronicles elaborating on the life and historical times of such figures as Einstein, Stalin and Freud, this is a small-scale, personalized dream play, in which intrepid theatergoers are invited to share the author's associative memory.
Intelligence experts concede that the KGB trains many of its agents in how to ''beat'' the machines, but say their regular use would nonetheless deter many people from risking being caught as spies.
''In this critical situation Moscow is trying to practice restraint in its pronouncements about the U.S.; it is not resorting to anti-American campaigns, nor is it fomenting hatred for your country,'' he said.
Also it has agreed to give oil at free-market prices to Britain in part payment for a $4 billion acquisition of 132 British-built Tornado fighter-bombers and Hawk jet trainers.
Obviously, if the Jets and Giants, who both play their home games in Giants Stadium, are the hosts, the league can not schedule the games on the same day.
In fact, Guatemalan Army officers argue that the absence of United States aid is one of the principal reasons for their success.
The SCM Corporation said yesterday that its board of directors had unanimously voted to ask shareholders to reject a $60 a share, or a total of $755 million, offer by Hanson Trust P.L.C.
''Close Connections: Where We At,'' an exhibition of artwork by black artists, opens today in the Cork Gallery at Lincoln Center, Avery Fisher Hall.
Neither, on the other hand, does it satisfy anyone.
After his major league career, he managed teams in Birmingham and Montgomery.
William Sloane Coffin at Riverside Church, and a speech to the Bar Association of the City of New York on the role of the World Court.
Jury Selection As the District Attorney, Miss Holtzman confronted some of the consequences of her political philosophy.
But what do you expect us to do?
Today, the site of that extraordinary riot is nearing its own end -much more quietly.
Our relationship with them does not end on graduation day.
Tracy Samantha Lord, the play's central character, ''has everything: money, power and beauty, it seems, and she doesn't like it when she's not in control,'' he said.
''We tend to nitpick on foreign policy, and that should be the President's role.
''The young players have a very bright spark,'' he says.
Routines such as the Nautilus Express Circuit, which involves exercising without pause for 20 minutes on a succession of weight machines, clearly do build muscular strength and flexibility.
The four fastest goals and the five fastest goals in 60 years of Ranger history.
However, one source familiar with Steinbrenner's involvement said the owner had discussed the managerial situation with various front-office people in the past week.
In some parts of the world, notably regions of Asia and Africa, gonorrhea is epidemic.
Mr. Boening lives and works in Paris, where he can walk out of his front door and gaze at the Eiffel Tower.
Parents often look to the school for help in these areas, and, sadly, most often useful resources, such as parenting workshops, are not available to them because of a lack of awareness and/or funds on the part of school boards and school personnel.
A psychoanalyst friend of O'Neill's, Dr. Louis Bisch, had studied O'Neill's early plays up to ''Strange Interlude'' and concluded that ''they all showed antagonism toward women.''
In particular, a brass and woodwind sound of the mellowest smoothness has been cultivated, in some cases by the retention of instrument makes that have become obsolete elsewhere.
''An unidentified object approached the Finnish airspace on Dec. 28 at about 2:30 P.M. from the east over Lake Inari at several kilometers altitude and at high speed,'' the border guard command said in a statement.
Even that timetable switched yesterday morning, within hours of Mr. Farrell's announcement, as the black coalition prepared for an endorsement vote after months of attempts to reach unanimity.
The talks were said to be concentrating on formation of an interim cabinet and the length of the transition to civilian rule.
I understand today some are very valuable.
But there has been no progress.
Evidence of Segregation The development reflects increasing racial segregation and isolation of urban blacks, according to Dr. William Labov, a professor of linguistics at the University of Pennsylvania, an authority in the field who directed the study.
In 1954, with the landmark Brown v. Board of Education decision, the Court would rule that segregated public schools were unconstitutional.
You can also use the computer to simulate the economy or the geography of the planet.
Or any ordinary human being.
After Bror's departure, Karen developed what seems to have been the most profound emotional attachment of her life with Denys Finch Hatton, an English Earl's younger son, a charming aristocrat who had enough money to live pretty much as he pleased.
The venture spurred several of Patty Girouard's neighbors to launch their own kitchen enterprises.
Automatic cameras and the emphasis on candid, spontaneous images lead photographers to think that snapshots can carry them through a portfolio.
b-Includes a pre-tax gain of $1,400,000 from the sale of investment securities.
On the question of abortion, Mr. Shapiro, Mr. Wiley and Mr. Gibson said that it should remain a matter between a woman and her doctor and that they would veto an anti-abortion bill if a Federal law were enacted giving states the right to pass such measures.
A fad demands a line of products, and for every genre of children's literature, the most important development of the 80's - and perhaps the greatest menace - is the series.
c-Includes an extraordinary credit of $2,628,182.
He was not happy with the new system.
The Legatoria Piazzesi maintains it is the only source of paper hand-printed according to the Carta Varese method, so called because it was in the town of Varese, near Milan, in the 15th century, that the original wood blocks were first brought together.
Active in Union Affairs The raid did not come as a complete surprise, Mr. Gatica said, because he had been a militant union organizer during the years of the military Government.
It emphasized the theme that the survival of Israel can be seen as a victory of good over evil.
Two bays are cut into the brick wall that fills the huge arch that was once the tunnel entrance, and the interior workspace is generally packed with high-priced sheetmetal.
And even if they had held early, free and fair elections, would they have won them?
But as he is quick to point out (almost as quick as he is to shoot) shooting isn't his only talent.
''The people of Bitburg,'' the Mayor said today, ''are dismayed and shocked over what is happening in the United States.
That is, until dad finds the volume, which is what junior is sitting on, and removes it.
Here at last is a museum you can visit without feeling uneducated, a place where you're truly on vacation.
Soon after the van was discovered today, nearby shops and houses were evacuated, the police spokesman said.
Of those, 29 were accepted, 16 against the Bengals.
But there is an underlying thematic progression from vignette to vignette, almost musical in overall design.
(Men and women now take the same test.)
The group revolutionized modern management techniques and the way auto companies handle their financial affairs.
Late in the second period, Brooke squared off with Neufeld and dropped him with a right uppercut.
In the 20-year history of the plant, the company has had more problems than most other utilities with nuclear construction projects, and it has consistently encountered design and construction difficulties that have brought lengthy delays and cost overruns.
''It's a strange thing to think back to those days,'' said Mr. LaGrone, now 64 years old and the art director of the Rutgers University Medical School in Livingston.
On the other hand, Robert Crockett, 16, of Toledo, Ohio, said he thought the growing number of girls would only cause problems.
National political conventions, once covered gavel to gavel by the networks, are now seen in nightly two-hour segments.
Jail officials said Mr. Kelly posted bail today and was released.
Although the oranges has not been treated with the chemical, the publicity about the EDB ban created enough consumer concern to make the fruit unmarketable.
Last March, to do more, Macy's unveiled a large-size designer shop in its Herald Square store, adjacent to the regular fuller-size department.
HO CHI MINH CITY, Vietnam, Oct. 17 - Vietnam, encouraged by progress being made in talks with the United States on missing Americans, is now pressing for a resolution of another issue: the thousands of Amerasian children still in Vietnam.
Certainly not a balanced budget, or the old New Deal or the new Reagan Conservative Revolution with all its supply-siders and back-sliders.
'' The financial impact of films and television is considerably greater than the amount of money spent, with state film commissions estimating that $3 is generated for the state economy for each $1 spent by a movie company.
But there are worse things you could teach a parrot to say, and we hear them every day.
In this way I can throw faster than otherwise.
The crowd cheered repeatedly as Mr. Jackson attacked President Reagan, deplored the arms race and called for understanding between ''unnatural adversaries,'' the farmers and the bankers, as well as between the farmers and the inner-city poor and between farmers and the police.
The last six months, however, have seen several notable newcomers take root uptown, which is a good omen for East Side residents as well as a boon to purveyors of gray felt wallpaper.
He is suspiciously free with the scores and the scoring, preferring a fat string sound for nearly all occasions.
''Nobody else would eat them, but Alex and I did.
2 THE AQUITAINE PROGRESSION, by Robert Ludlum.
There is a long way for them to go, and they are coming to realize that that is precisely because they have failed to complete their Common Market.
How would you sum up the season?
We have no right to sit on our hands while soldiers from Cuba and commanders from the Soviet Union crush the aspirations of five million blacks.
But they are the exceptions, according to leaders in the Vietnamese community and Americans who have worked most closely with the refugees.
Although the Red Cross organized the exchange, officials said the agreement had been negotiated between the Palestinians and the Israelis through the mediation of the former Austrian Chancellor, Bruno Kreisky.
ROBERT N. GOLDMAN New Rochelle, N.Y.
It seemed unbelievable,'' he recalled.
The combined records of those pitchers at the time Fontenot faced them, including Gooden's record twice, was 90 victories and 33 defeats: Valenzuela 11-8, Andujar 17-4, Gooden 16-3 and 17-3, Smith 13-4 and Mahler 16-11.
Two extremist Sikh groups have said they were responsible for planting a bomb on the plane.
During the quarter, Mr. Kiehne more than doubled his stake in Mercantile Bancorporation Inc., of St. Louis.
Then Wallach opened the eighth by slamming a double inside third base, and the Expos had their second hit of the night and their first runner on second base.
The company, which he founded in 1944, was sold to Peabody International.
After dinner, my wife and I took a walk.
''Arms control negotiations cannot conceivably succeed without some sort of formula that would enable both sides to deal with those issues while attending to the immediate problem of the arms race.''
May Miss Patriot Game It may be serious enough to keep him out of the New England game, but a decision will not be made for a few days.
The foliage is an elegant silver gray.
In his case the contest was the Guido Cantelli International Competition for Young Conductors at La Scala in Milan, in 1973.
Chris Winston, a spokesman for the agency, said, ''We expect to have a proposed standard ready by Dec. 3,'' but she declined to give details.
When Connecticut farmers leave farming, their lands are usually quickly taken by developers, although the state has a farmland protection act that has saved several thousand acres in an effort to stabilize farm production.
remarked Dale Majerczyk, Traverse City's Director of Public Services.
Carmelo Martinez, of, San Diego -.270 (+20), 23 (+10), 78 (+12).
Representative Chalmers P. Wylie, the Ohio Republican who led the fight to end money for Braille Playboy, questioned the magazine's literary merit and said it offered ''wanton and illicit sex.''
In a telephone interview, Mr. Snyder, who is 56, said the company has stuck to the basics in recent years.
Second-Hand Information His testimony was also marked by acknowledgements that what he knew was second-hand information, obtained largely in two meetings with Mr. Celik and with a man Mr. Ozbey referred to as ''Akif'' and who he insists is another Turk, Sedat Sirri Kadem.
'If I Had a Million' Later in a 14-hour campaign day that would end at about 9:30 P.M. with a television news show debate with Miss Bellamy, Mr. Farrell mused about what might have been.
Gasoline prices traditionally increase over the Memorial Day weekend, which begins the year's heaviest driving season.
Call 424-3960 for more information and directions to the center.
Construction of new condominiums has begun to transform the modest skyline.
Her father is professor of engineering science at Tufts University.
Monge, a relief pitcher, started the 1984 season in the San Diego bullpen, appeared in 13 games, then was sold on June 10, 1984 to Detroit, where he appeared in 19 games.
While the stock and bond markets struggled in much of the third quarter, which ended yesterday, business was strong for securities underwriters.
The Democrats took a poll recently in the First District of Texas, where a special Congressional election will be held this Saturday.
''But when the Jewish community is convinced that maybe there is something to what these guys are saying, that maybe the Israeli Government is being intransigent,'' he said, then Congressional support for aid to Israel may be eroded.
Yesterday's verdict was the ''death knell to the omission theory,'' said Barry Agulnick, Officer Kostick's attorney.
But if single pump fails before takeoff, they said, safety precautions call for the countdown to be aborted.
On the other hand, shareholders of companies that might have been acquired but are not - either because a takeover attempt is defeated or because it is never attempted - are losers.
I feel I'm underrated, and this is a good place to get recognition.
Orders for machinery were down 2.1 percent in August following a 3.1 percent July decline as demand for both electrical and nonelectrical machinery dropped.
Their disagreements also contributed to a breakdown of American diplomatic efforts in the Middle East.
The amounts of each issue may vary slightly, but analysts expect the Government to raise a total of about $17.75 billion to repay more than $8.2 billion of maturing notes and raise nearly $9.6 billion to pay for the Federal deficit.
He planted his right spiked shoe into the cushioned panel, three panels from the 312-foot marker in the left-field corner, and launched himself upward.
''I think it's safe to say you may see her on the ice in February,'' Mr. Jachetti said.
That year was 1965, which also marked a political turning point for Peter Bours.
Nearby Utica is a substantial processor of milkfed veal; and the Horned Dorset serves it topped with crumbled blue cheese, a mushroom mousse, fresh avocado and hollandaise sauce.
The Aetna Life and Casualty Company, a major insurer based in Hartford, decided late last year not to renew liability insurance for at least 400 municipalities across the nation.
By definition, a machine is a combination of resistant parts arranged to do work.
''The invitation said black dress,'' Mr. LeBon said.
And now, there are things that worry him.
* 6 THE ONE MINUTE MANAGER, by Kenneth Blanchard and Spencer Johnson.
''The particular case before us, which sustains our conversation, is that of a certain number of Italians, most of whom came to France some time ago,'' Mr. Mitterrand went on.
Wisconsin 31, Indiana 20 MADISON, Wis. (AP) - The Tailback Larry Emery rushed for 188 yards on 28 carries for Wisconsin (4-4 and 1-4) in the Big ten game.
''It's good to get home runs like that,'' said Keith Hernandez, the principal voice of the locker room.
Mr. Li, visibly agitated, added his remarks on the amendment to a prepared statement in which he spoke of the ''positive results'' he hoped for from his tour.
As in the rest of the hospital, a family member or ''significant other,'' such as a lover or close friend, is allowed to spend the night in a patient's room on a cot.
He is not asked to give his name.
''What is a St. Andrews course without a Road Hole?''
He added, ''The third quarter is in and it's no worse than expected.''
Mr. Kennedy also got into an argument with Foreign Minister Roelof F. Botha over which blacks were worse off.
*3*** COMPANY REPORTS ** View Full Article in Timesmachine »
But on the 289th lap of the 334-lap race, he dived low in the second turn to pull side-by-side with Elliott, and moved ahead.
Dr. Shirley A. Jackson, technical staff member of the scattering and low-energy physics research department, A.T.& T. Bell Laboratories.
IN the bad old days of the Israeli economy, blue-collar laborers at the huge Osem noodle factory near Tel Aviv used to spend their morning coffee breaks lined up at the pay phone near the front gate.
''We have a growing economy and a lower unemployment rate than the national average, but then our rate of poverty also is one of the highest in the country,'' said Henry Zimmer, director of community planning for United Way.
by 19.2 million people was almost $1,600.
Plans are under way to put the entire company under one roof by adding 80,000 additional square feet to the Holbrook facility, making it a 160,000-square-foot plant, and in addition adding a 20,000-square-foot second floor for office space.
Carol Gale is a graceful Grace Melbury, and James McGuire and Mark Thomsen, the contenders for her love, match Miss Gale nicely.
New York City MAYOR Edward Koch (D) CITY COUNCIL PRESIDENT Andrew Stein (D-L) COMPTROLLER Harrison Goldin (D-L) Manhattan BOROUGH PRESIDENT David Dinkins (D) STATE SENATE 29th District: David Paterson (D) CITY COUNCIL Second District: Sharon Lee Daniel (R-L); Seventh: Robert Dryfoos (D-L).
It is the fourth major acquisition under the law.
But he can envisage a swing back to equities in time - either in direct investment or through mutual funds.
I come in off the bench and I'm anxious.
This money could be used to pay Mr. Pollard without raising questions, particularly since Mr. Pollard was paid in installments.
Shares of Bell Atlantic, for example, appreciated about 24 percent; those of Southwestern Bell, about 21 percent; those of Nynex, about 27 percent.
Yet it is almost certain that the man who appointed and controls the vote counters, now-Gen. Samuel K. Doe, will remain as president.
But despite the pain and confusion his encounters with the world have produced in him, he is amazed at the unfathomable forces that keep the blood flowing through his body.
* Place rabbit on serving platter and nap with sauce.
He outbid a host of others raising their paddles and bought a four-day trip to the Herbert von Karajan Easter Festival in Salzburg next March for $12,000.
Whether you can go parachuting?
*3*** COMPANY REPORTS ** View Full Article in Timesmachine »
For one, land costs are low because the city owned the parcel.
It was 1936, and Owens had just won four gold medals in track and field in Berlin.
A number of analysts interpreted last week's announcement that the Ford Motor Company would acquire the First Nationwide Corporation, owner of the nation's ninth-largest savings and loan company, as an attempt by the auto maker to move into businesses providing a less cyclical return.
I read the gripping tale of Wall Street.
Two nations can agree to stop shooting at each other, and lo, the shooting may stop.
Mr. Reder's release was carried out with great secrecy, and it did not become public until Mr. Reder had left Italy.
Gone are the three different kinds of kugel.
The plainclothes officer, Lee Van Houten, says he was jumped and beaten by two men as he patrolled on Morningside Drive near 113th Street in mid-evening.
The Europeans have prospered a great deal from the strong dollar because of the help it gave to our exports.
Bache Securities Inc. estimates that Labatt Breweries of Canada Ltd. serves 40 percent of the market, Molson Breweries of Canada Ltd. takes 31 percent, and Carling O'Keefe Breweries Ltd. accounts for 25 percent.
What situation was it and what happened?
That season was also the last time Duke advanced to the Final Four, finishing second after losing to Kentucky, 94-88.
The bitter racial slurs of what turned into a black vs. white bout distressed him.
Manager 'Overjoyed' ''In the past, those who had ideas they wished to communicate to the public had the unquestioned right to disseminate those ideas in an open marketplace,'' he wrote.
Chief Urges Israel to Free Prisoners'' (news article, June 26), you report that Secretary General Javier Perez de Cuellar ''repeated his earlier statements that the Lebanese and the Palestinian prisoners were imprisoned in Israel in contravention of international law as defined in the Fourth Geneva Convention.''
Mr. Weingarten established the new director-of-operations office ''to take over the management of the activities of the county party,'' as he put it.
Powell was the only player who already had an existing Jets' contract.
In fact, my father had Protestant friends who used to come regularly to our family home in Andersontown.
''I don't even know where Wellsville, N.Y., is, do you?''
It is clear, however, that the numbers are growing very rapidly.
In Brooklyn we can produce just as good buildings as in downtown Manhattan but at a fraction of the price.
The title of the film comes from a game, played by Mr. Edwards and his classmates, in which they run around the campus and shoot one another with pellets of red paint.
No one at my house, for instance, objects to my friend Virginia.
Bulls 140, Warriors 125 CHICAGO (AP) - Michael Jordan connected for a game-high 38 points and Orlando Woolridge added 26 for Chicago.
The catch gave the Steelers a 7-3 lead.
Carter's neck problem is not considered serious, according to team officials.
The pitcher added that he told Brown, ''I wouldn't go to certain teams, but he is right when he said I waived my 5-and-10 rights.''
''You almost begin to think there is something mystical about Strawberry Fields.''
The State Department told the Sudanese leaders of its ''grave concern'' and although it refrained from comment, the Egyptian Government was also worried.
15 14 18 LUCKY, by Jackie Collins.
The man, Charalambos Amanatides of 155 West 20th Street, was on parole after having served time on his conviction for bank fraud.
Transportation Department engineers attributed the problem to a shattered coupling in one of the gearshafts in the assembly that rotates the bridge, according to Susannah Barton, a spokesman for the city's Transportation Department.
Another 75 jobs are being provided by the private sector, according to John Zakian, executive director of the Yonkers Industrial Development Agency/Private Industry Council.
Aruba ARUBA TOURIST BUREAU 1270 AVENUE OF THE AMERICAS, NEW YORK, N.Y. 10020 (212-246-3030) In General Though this Dutch island has modern hotels, nightclubs and casinos, apartments in the luxury class are scarce.
Paris's strength is in its wealth of strongly motivated creators.
Mr. Nikirk, librarian at the Grolier Club, was among 200 guests who got into their black-tie best for the library's annual Literary Lions dinner.
Within hours of meeting the Port Authority commissioners in their 67th-floor board room at the World Trade Center, Duke was keeping a robbery suspect at bay outside the Port Authority Bus Terminal.
They were, among other things, the subject of a court-enforced agreement with state and Federal officials earlier this year that required Chemical Waste to pay $600,000 in penalties to resolve various charges of violations of toxic waste disposal laws.
The earlier Cosby can still be seen on sit-com reruns currently being carried late at night on cable's CBN network.
''The infrastructure that exists now is not sufficient; that much we know.''
The first half of the program includes Morton Gould's ''American Salute and Spirituals for Orchestra.''
These appeals are being brought by veterans who contend the settlement is inadequate.
That may prove two things: that even the worst injuries can heal given time, and that certain types of players can return to form after injuries better than others.
The French Government signed a letter of intent with Walt Disney Productions today for the construction of a vast amusement park and vacation center in Marne-la-Vallee, 15 miles east of Paris.
A Transit Authority spokesman, Robert E. Slovak, said the trouble began when an F train from Manhattan developed mechanical trouble in the Queens Plaza station and could not move under its own power and its passengers left.
Mr. Mooney is more effective in softer passages, as when he says, wistfully, ''I always think there's a band.''
''I'd fire my boss,'' said Jay Marklee, 22, a bartender in Rochester.
c-Net income which includes a gain of $1,488,938 from the sale of the company's Massapequa, New York shopping center property and refunds of real estate taxes paid in prior years of $536,783.
Food is dramatically increasing this year, according to Mr. Gribetz.
Homeowners who do not wish to be listed but want to receive the publications pay $49.
U.S. relations with Italy and Egypt almost certainly will require a good deal of patching up.
They also fear that the department will be portrayed as knowingly covering up wrongdoing at the E.P.A.
''Stamford grew from a sleepy town to a vibrant metropolis almost overnight,'' said Caesar Peli, the architect, who designed one of the city's largest office buildings.
It's odd that a writer who in his poetry succeeds by making things new should here cling so desperately to the redundant and the predictable.
In the past, Right to Life candidates for the County Executive post have limited campaigning to political debates.
He adds, however, ''It is roughly comparable to the Hayes Administration's trying to decide if it wanted to buy an air force.''
Two Administration members, Margaret M. Heckler, the Secretary of Health and Human Services, and Bill Brock, the Secretary of Labor, are scheduled to speak Tuesday.
Druse and Moslem Shiite militiamen battled with tanks and mortars in West Beirut today, defying a cease-fire on the fourth day of street battles that have killed 52 people and wounded 225.
As Justice Byron White said, ''We are not yet ready to hold that the schools and the prisons need be equated for purposes of the Fourth Amendment.''
On that date, Federal interagency regulators in the United States will meet to reconsider Argentina's credit rating.
Dr. Rosenberg said: ''The President was reading a book when we entered the room.
A gas leak from a pesticide plant in Institute, W. Va., sends 135 people to the hospital.
The May drop had led to some optimism that businesses were getting their stockpiles under control and would begin placing new orders in coming months.
The work, which Mr. Irwin describes as ''a political cartoon,'' uses devices like juggling and puppetry to take on such complex issues as the ridiculous hypocrisies of the judicial system.
Coincidentally, the Hoyas' opponent in the championship game at 9 P.M. Monday will be a Big East Conference rival, Villanova.
A spokesman for A.T.&T., however, said the actual number was substantially lower.
A fire that started about noon Sunday scorched a path six miles long and three miles wide in the Mount San Miguel area about 35 miles south of Normal Heights, destroying three homes and covering more than 8,000 acres of brush in the sparsely populated area.
Bobby Furber, a former Captain of Royal St. George's, said, ''We have those forward tees, as you see.
is at an interesting juncture,'' said Mr. Reynolds.
Major Nicholson's slaying touched off a formal protest by the United States, which led to an agreement that Gen. Glenn K. Otis, commander of the Seventh Army and of all United States forces in Europe, and Gen. Mikhail M. Zaitsev, the commander of Soviet forces in East Germany, should discuss ways of preventing future such episodes.
Nearly nine minutes later, the Flyers scored in practically identical fashion.
Fire Calls and Lost Puppies Two men were accused.
Dealing as it does with white people's origins in this country and with an agricultural past that progresses from the barest survival to bounty to parking lots, Thanksgiving is a celebration not only of history and of nature but of moral urging also.
The implications of a switch from an offensive to a defensive strategy, in fact, were thrashed out in the late 60's and early 70's and resulted in President Nixon's acceptance of a treaty banning defensive systems (the ABM Treaty), as well as the SALT I limitations on offensive weapons.
Mr. Katzenberg said Disney would ''take great care not to diminish the value and impact of the Disney Channel'' by dissipating the library, which has so far been a bulwark of the pay- cable channel.
An example repeatedly cited by Administration officials is Soviet ocean reconnaissance satellites that could track United States surface vessels.
His 217 yards on eight receptions set a club record.
For the first time this year parts of the vast farmer-owned cooperative Farm Credit System, conceived to give farmers lower rates than banks do, have had to be rescued from insolvency by healthier members of the system.
I was afraid to speak, really, because living in Nazi Germany inhibited me.
Wynegar was at his home in Longwood, Fla., when he heard about the trade that instantly enhanced his status in the Yankees' view.
He said small children in Green Village, N.J., the small town where he lives, laugh when they find out the school's record and have stopped inviting him to their playground basketball games.
Then they asked for the radio, and all night long played Arab songs at high volume.
In the hours after midnight, yet another group moves into Stuyvesant Square.
With that I joined the ranks of those scholars known as scientists, who work within a code of objectivity and rationality and who, unfettered by traditional cultural hang-ups, can find absolute truth in the midst of complexity and confusion.
In a settlement reached in a 19-year-old lawsuit over racial discrimination, the General Motors Corporation has agreed to pay $239,000 to 226 current and former black employees at its plant in Lakewood, Ga.
Though it grows to three feet tall and has a wing span approaching five feet, its coloring of black, brown and copper blends with the woodland.
Some works, including D"urer's celebrated but by now somewhat hackneyed ''Praying Hands,'' have never before left Vienna.
One of the benefits of being in the top 10 for much of his career is two roomfuls of trophies and plaques and other memorabilia including bats and balls.
Drawing every 15 minutes for a fairgoer's name to be launched in a balloon - free books for both finders and senders.
Even after the divorce, Mr. Sculley and Mr. Kendall remained friends and Mr. Sculley rose through the company, becoming president of the domestic soft-drink division, the Pepsi-Cola Company, and helping Pepsi unseat Coca Cola as the sales leader in supermarkets.
She said she regarded herself as a teacher-poet rather than a poetry therapist.
In 1982 Robert Palmer wrote in The New York Times, ''The best American popular records of the 1940s and 1950s - the records that combined enduring pop songs with the intimate, relaxed, supremely musical singing of a Sinatra or a Peggy Lee and the sensitive orchestrations of a Nelson Riddle - deserve to take their place among the classics of American musical art.''
Arthur H. Brener of TV Guide is to be marketing director.
E - To the hairdresser.
Mr. Weissmandl, the Administrator of the village of New Square, said the bank ''started with the Orthodox Jewish community.''
Worrell appeared to take the toss from the first baseman Jack Clark in time to retire Orta, but the umpire, Don Denkinger, ruled Orta was safe.
The inability of the Soviet press even to acknowledge that the killers were security policemen, while the Warsaw regime found it possible to place them on public trial, underscored the vast difference between the Soviet and Polish Communist systems.
Mr. Burt said in an interview that verdicts of, say, 11 to 1 or 10 to 2, would reduce the possibility of a ''hung jury.''
The product, a highly engineered mass of wire, twisted into tight strands and then lubricated and bound together to form ropes of varying widths, supports enormous amounts of tension and pressure.
It is scary to her.
That disagreement was dramatized this week, on one side, by the President's veto of emergency farm credit legislation, which he called ''a massive new bailout that would add billions to the deficit,'' and, on the other side, by a vote of the Senate Budget Committee to slash $79 billion over the next three years from Mr. Reagan's military spending plans.
He made money, but what he cared about most was making a beautiful house.
Paraquat is a widely used weedkiller that can be lethal if inhaled.
But the confusion between the objectives of the private and public sectors worries me.
The new laws are causing confusion and distress among small businesses across the country.
Nevertheless, the growth in Vermont has brought a variety of new problems to the ski towns and their neighbors.
The current special-permit procedure, in the planners' view, lacks the qualities of certainty and predictability that Herbert Sturz, head of the Department of City Planning and also chairman of the City Planning Commission, has sought to bring to the zoning process.
The image of Ford, the quintessential hero of capitalist entrepreneurship defeated by the consumer culture of the 20's, is one of Mr. Susman's most striking.
Mr. Nyrick is optimistic that such communities may soon be permitted.
Coat on both sides with two tablespoons safflower oil.
''To tell you very honestly, he's not going to make it,'' Mr. Shaiman said after the candidate walked away from the counter.
Federal House (Route 102, South Lee 01260; 243-1824); seven rooms.
The next morning I was at a meeting at 1530 P Street where Dr. Bush presided.
After completing the undergraduate program at N.Y.U.
This is partly why investment advisers do not anticipate a big price decline on existing bonds and see no reason for investors to steer clear of municipal bonds.
The call was inspired by Mr. Clark's lovesick pet guinea pig, George Raft.
''These are the kind of sober realities that will make a professional career a continuing struggle socially and economically,'' he said.
''But there's nothing I can do.
Sanctions by other nations, strikes, demonstrations and violence have weakened the South African economy, they said, and further deterioration might trigger a mass sell-off of stocks in companies active there.
I don't always understand it, but I take his knowledge for granted and I don't like the thought of another coach coming in.''
The average attendance increased from 6,200 to 9,790, then to 10,503.
''But it doesn't bother us.
In the February minutes, after a description of what conditions would lead to a tighter policy, the central bank said the members ''also agreed that lesser restraint on reserve positions would be acceptable in the event of substantially slower growth in the monetary aggregates, especially against the background of sluggish growth in economic activity and contnued strength of the dollar in foreign exchange markets.''
Death and time also have given Mr. Shepard some perspective, both as a person and a writer, on his father.
Mr. M"uller and Mr. Wilson parallel the Frederick imagery (which itself spills over into scenes from Racine and Shakespeare) with a 20th-century family, the ''Old Man'' of which seems to be a latter-day Frederick.
Imposed Limitations The Ivy self-imposed limitations, all old ones, include no spring practice, scholarships based on financial need rather than athletic skills, forbidden use of freshmen, and no supervised weight programs out of season.
We have already seen some ugly behavior by Protestant extremists in response to the agreement.
Robin Sue Gutner and W. Charles Calman were married yesterday at the Old Oaks Country Club in Purchase, N.Y., by Rabbi Irving Koslowe.
A Paris art dealer was listed as the original seller of the painting, but was unknown to Mr. Dupin, which he considered unlikely, given his wide knowledge of the Paris art world.
He was a formidable chess player who competed in the major tournaments in New York.
I don't think I would have been able to do the music if I hadn't been an artist.
A funeral service has been scheduled for 1 P.M., Thursday, at the Emmanuel Baptist church, Alexandria.
''They were afraid of the neighborhood and they were afraid they would lose money on the houses if they ever tried to sell them.''
* 2 2 5 THE FOURTH DEADLY SIN, by Lawrence Sanders.
''They tell me never before has the Roman Catholic Church asked a non-Roman Catholic to be involved in the process of canonization, as they've asked me,'' Pastor Weber said.
''They should do anything to get the hostages back safely.''
Mr. Gillis, with the center, publishes ''The Car Book,'' a compilation of Federal auto-testing results that used to be issued free under President Carter but was discontinued by the Reagan Administration.
Jaunty, foraging pigs with long, shrewd faces trot around busily and flop in puddles.
Mr. Honig's wife of 13 years, Nancy, recalls raising the question of how they would raise four children, one of their own and three from both of their previous marriages, on a teacher's salary.
One of Mr. Fitzgerald's friends resurrected it recently and Northeastern University Press grabbed it.
A search of the mission found no bomb.
Mr. Flaherty said a final audit for the year is to be completed ''within a week,'' and that the estimated loss of $100 million could change after the audit results are finished.
A cookbook says they were invented by Artemus Kennedy of Massachusetts in the 1700's.
The business climate of the 1970's was less forgiving, however.
Nor do personal relations prevent nations from acting in their own interests.
In other words, a person with an income of $100,000 from all sources would pay five times the amount of taxes of a person with an income of $20,000.
She served as an economist for the Federal Reserve in Washington from 1969 to 1971.
To promote the themes, Area has revived the art of the provocative invitation, which has spread to other clubs.
The report found mismanagement by Mr. Giuffrida and others in several areas, including favoritism in contracts on which there was no bidding, approval of renovations for personal living quarters, travel at Government expense by Mr. Giuffrida's wife, acceptance of political dinner tickets from a contractor and questionable payments to a contractor.
Nine members of Congress, including the chairman of the House Judiciary Committee, strongly urged the American Bar Association Sunday to continue its professional accreditation of the Antioch Law School here.
*3*** COMPANY REPORTS ** View Full Article in Timesmachine »
''Until recently, only a limited amount of attention has been paid to the very tiny but steady currents which most if not all organisms pump through themselves, and which appear to play a vital part in controlling their growth and differentiation,'' two scientists of the Imperial College, in London, reported in the monthly journal Bio/Technology.
''KENNETH CLARK,'' a lively and stylish biography, is based on extensive research and Miss Secrest's many interviews with Clark, who, after cooperating and opening his files to her, changed his mind and withheld permission to quote from his writings.
''The numbers get most of the attention,'' said Brian Millsap, a raptor biologist, who coordinates the nationwide survey, ''but the real purpose of the survey is to locate important wintering areas, where the eagles return year after year.
Meanwhile, another district judge upheld the rule, and the issue ended up before the Texas Supreme Court.
The Nicaragua that Mr. Ramirez describes was a place where, if el hombre said it had rained in the always-dry month of February, then it had rained.
The retarded residents at the proposed Peninsula Boulevard site may live there as long as they want.
The second show, scheduled for Nov. 25, will recap the launching last month of Australia III, one of the boats that will seek the role of defender.
David Wood, as the man, performs with admirable cool - perfectly conveying a passive exterior that contrasts with the sometimes turbulent phantasmagoria that symbolizes his inner life.
He writes in a stiff, clumsy manner and does not seem entirely at ease with the English language.
GAMBLE ROGERS Gamble Rogers, the country-folk raconteur appearing at the Speakeasy on Saturday and Sunday, suggests a Grand Ole Opry version of Will Rogers or Mark Twain.
The dancer teases the audience, as the text teases its readers, with the promise of an ultimate revelation that is infinitely postponed.
''My mother always told me that it was bad manners to eat and walk at the same time,'' she said.
It being a warm evening, there are precious few hats for the fans to throw when Brian Propp scores his third goal of the evening - the traditional hat trick - but somebody does come up with the classic white straw skimmer.
The Pacific Gas and Electric Company is offering $400 million of 12 1/4 percent first and refunding mortgage bonds, due 2018, at a price of par through a group of underwriters led by Morgan Stanley & Company.
The State Department said it was ready to accelerate arms shipments to Thailand, ''a treaty ally and good friend of long standing.''
John Mellish was counseling a person later arrested and charged with child abuse.
He said Mr. Castro also ''expressed a willingness to exchange views with the United States on issues relating'' to the deployment of Cuban troops in Angola and elsewhere in Africa.
''Why do you stick to the technicality of saying, 'It was not a formal meeting?'
Year-ago results include a one-time adjustment for fuel savings related to pre-commercial operations of unit 11 of the Mcguire nuclear station that increased earnings by eight cents a share.
Two sets of symphonic fragments date from 1818 and 1821, each hastily notated in piano score; one has two incomplete movements, the other four.
So Mr. Pasquariello drafted his father, a candidate for a ''nice operative gold filling,'' his mother for a denture and his wife for ''a pretty, clean, silver amalgam.''
My children were often satisfied by the ''integrated'' approach: a slice of white bread and one of whole wheat.
(You can also discover autographed pictures from Carl Erskine and Van Lingle Mungo, but these are somewhat harder to find.)
I would hope it won't be withdrawn.''
Bally's Park Place gained 1 3/8, to 13 7/8.
A work about a young married couple, it looked especially light and gleeful.
It will be at Bergdorf Goodman in New York next month.
He joined the New Jersey state police in 1924 and was assigned to reorganize the Hackensack Police Department in 1930.
Dry test the operation first, to see that the insert fits in under slight pressure.
The report of the President's decision was lauded, however, by Peter T. Mangione, president of the Footwear Retailers of America, a trade group that represents about 20,000 chain stores that sell mostly lower-priced shoes.
With each web, the spider builds just enough to deplete its silk supply.
''I can't say I am sorry,'' he said in the interview.
Micronesian leaders say they are concerned about proposals in a House committee to dilute the semi-independent status promised to two Pacific island groups in an agreement accepted by the Reagan Administration, the Senate and island voters.
When Mr. Schneider replied, ''No,'' McEnroe called him an obscenity - a term the judge playfully paraphrased in his opinion.
The last was a 32-yarder with 1:43 remaining after Arizona (8-3) rallied to tie at 13-13 on Zendejas's school-record 57-yard goal with 5:29 left.
The six-character cast also includes the mother, and the husband and a childhood friend of one of the sisters.
After that, in the apse, a nice piece of rococo decor beckons: marble drapes, shells, flying angels and twisting columns compose an enchanting backdrop for the high altar.
GENERAL ASSEMBLY Decolonization Committee - 10 A.M. and 3 P.M. Preparatory Committee for the International Conference on the Relationship Between Disarmament and Development - 10:30 A.M. and 3 P.M. Special Committee Against Apartheid - International Day of Solidarity With the Struggle of Women in South Africa and Namibia - 10:30 A.M. and 3 P.M.
Mr. Baker, the first American to be shot, was grazed in the head by the bullet.
Marty Bystrom of the Yankees has a $25,000 bonus provision for winning the Cy Young award.
As a result, the switching equipment contract was being watched closely because it provided to opportunity to integrate American equipment in the core of that switching system - a system until now composed almost entirely of Japanese-made components.
It had previously been at the Leo Burnett Company in Chicago.
People who had put off buying a house are now in the market, and they are looking for the traditional, single-family home, he said.
Roger Kingdom, who won the Olympic gold medal in the men's 110- meter high hurdles, and Greg Foster, who took the silver medal, scratched from the 55-meter high hurdles here.
FRED DWYER stepped out of his pickup truck, looked across his wheatfields, which stretched as far as he could see, and squinted into the midday sun to watch three big red combines cut broad swaths through the golden grain.
Learning a real language, even a so-called dead one such as Latin, brings with it an enriched feeling for human culture.
Its recommendations could include a parliamentary trial, which in turn could lead to a court trial of Mr. Smith or an official reprimand.
And I was convinced you can never go wrong doing what you want to do, so I told Axel he could have me.
The Invaders, who have the best overall record, are the league's best team in Rodgers's opinion.
''We are not going to attempt to have them do anything different.''
Treasury Secretary James A. Baker 3d won promises of bipartisan cooperation today as he appeared at the opening Congressional hearing on President Reagan's tax plan.
True daughter of Old Time thou art!
THOSE who have had trouble figuring out what an ECU is now have company.
Several Republican advisers and Administration officials said the planned departures of Mr. Deaver and Mr. Meese would advance the careers of two Presidential assistants who have been playing a significant role in domestic policy, Richard G. Darman and Craig L. Fuller.
As a result, last year's creche decision, which so recently looked like a constitutional watershed, now appears to be a dead end.
The island's largest hotel, the Grenada Beach, which quartered United States troops during their occupation of Grenada - is scheduled to reopen Dec. 9 as a Ramada Renaissance hotel with 120 first-class rooms.
The agreement was approved Feb. 19 by Federal District Judge Alfonso Zirpoli but remained sealed until Thursday.
Foreign Minister Giulio Andreotti of Italy said at the news conference Wednesday night that Italy had agreed with Mr. Meguid's request that the hijackers be treated leniently only if there had been no bloodshed aboard the ship.
The Soviet Union has dispatched one of its giant icebreakers to Antarctica to free a research vessel trapped with 53 aboard in thickening and shifting winter ice.
The result: the sock drooped, and all hell broke loose.''
If, after a student has been able to give himself a fair chance to explore all the interesting opportunities, and teaching is in first place - go for it!
A few years later, Willy's appeared in the Rue des Petits Champs in the center of Paris.
For better or for worse, most of the credit or blame for the House bill lies on the President's shoulders.
In the second half, however, he was 12 for 14 for 204 yards and threw for two touchdowns.
The company performs in a simple set of 10 chairs in a semicircle.
By mid-August 1981, Mr. Reagan had scored ringing victories on the budget and taxes.
The other metalworkers agreed, but they also said they were struck by the lack of reciprocity on the work site.
The radio's evening news program was broadcast 15 minutes late.
When their entreaties failed to persuade her to have an abortion, the local authorities stepped in.
These trimmings can be rooted and grown so they are sturdy enough to be planted outdoors in May.
As a 140th-birthday present to itself, the New York Life Insurance Company added a 617-foot-high candle yesterday to the city's already blazing nighttime skyline.
And Miss Gregory, gracious and delicately steely, offered daring balances and, towards the end, footwork that surpassed even her standards for strength and clarity.
While investors and traders were waiting to see what action the Federal Reserve might take after today's meeting of the Federal Open Market Committee, they were encouraged yesterday when the overnight rate for bank loans in the Federal funds market dipped below 8 percent for the first time since Aug. 12.
last fall with ''The Bloodletters,'' a promising family comedy that at times suggested a blend of Philip Roth and Albert Innaurato.
The senior quarterback, suffering from an ankle injury sustained against North Carolina State last week, was intercepted once in the first quarter and completed only 2 of 4 passes.
Customers can look through the selection and then ask a saleswoman for the right size and color.
The retail space does not make the project, but it elevates it.''
''So much of the money goes to institutionalized things, such as support departments and Ph.D. candidates doing research.
Not long ago the Reagan Administration wanted to discourage the use of temporaries, finding that many were being sneaked onto agency payrolls for jobs not permanently authorized.
It will consist of at least 24 monographs on America's foremost artists from the Colonial era to the present.
Few would disagree with his recommendation that the five nations agree to fight protectionism and to pursue a common growth-oriented policy, creating ''the power economy.''
Police officials announced today that they had arrested three Sikhs suspected of having helped plan a series of bombings in the capital that killed at least 45 people.
Early Vote Rejected Mr. Michel rejected a White House request to force an early vote on the proposal in the House.
The genre scene, ''Oyster Gatherers of Cancale'' (1878), is a preliminary to the oil of the same title - Sargent's first major canvas and one for which he received a second-class medal at the Salon.
Drama Soundbooks Another spoken-word project comes from Caedmon, which has long been a leader in such recordings.
They stay up all night drinking coffee and writing papers.
The agent in San Francisco described the process as fencing in business travelers so they cannot easily use the low fares.
On his return to Boston Dr. Lown called together a group of eight doctors in his living room, out of which grew a group called Physicians for Social Responsibility and a special issue of the New England Journal of Medicine devoted to the medical effects of nuclear war.
Prohibits the display - but not the sale - of pornographic materials in stores where access is not restricted by age or admission fee, such as drugstores and supermarkets.
His center-right coalition had come to power promising a ''Wende'' - literally, a turning, a word that connotes slamming on the brakes and swerving in another direction.
A Changing Relationship A second reason, he said, is because of the rapidly changing relationship between the individual and the government.
It said that the new company is not a merger of the three but will operate independently.
''It might have been his best game of the season.
They seem to me works of pure art, untouched by any motive or hope of reward but that of the work itself.
Mr. Trachtman, a law clerk to Judge Leonard I. Garth of the United States Court of Appeals for the Third Circuit in Newark, graduated from New York University and its law school.
Year-ago results have been restated.
A visit to the Ballroom to see Martha Raye includes a bonus.
Aspiring writers, who have actually written a play, can try for the big money next year by getting the ground rules from the National Repertory Theater Foundation (213) 629-3762.
Some are pretty good - ''When he went to the country to commune with his soul, his soul stayed in the city'' - and some of them a bit labored and less successful - ''He seemed suspiciously alive to the humor value of a perversion one rather thought the adept himself (at least) would take seriously.''
Lilco decided to undertake the repair, Mr. Leonard said in a telephone interview last week, when the Nuclear Regulatory Commission acted to delay the effective date of its order giving Shoreham a low-power license until tomorrow.
The Uganda radio also announced that a dusk-to-dawn curfew imposed when the army overthrew President Milton Obote in July had been lifted.
The Peronists lost 7 seats.
Shortly after her arrival in Spain, her 77-year-old mother, who'd remained in Argentina, also disappeared.
These double rigs were being used decades ago with a bucktail jig or a pork rind strip playing the fly's role.
But in any case, the Mets put the game beyond reach with four runs in the seventh and one in the eighth.
In its report in the New England Journal of Medicine, the company reported that it had found that a deadly blood cancer called chronic myelogenous leukemia, or CML, develops when two normal genes combine to form a cancer-causing gene.
While older fiddlers generally profess to playing on hand-me-down fiddles, Mr. Hoke has invested in a Mittenwald violin, an instrument made in the Bavarian town of the same name famous since the 17th century for its violins.
International The arrests in South Africa of 27 top opposition leaders in 24 hours was reported by Government authorities in their newest crackdown on dissent.
From their earliest beginnings, these were towns that made their living from the sea - fishing, coastal trading and, for a brief but glorious period, whaling.
They speculated that investors who had been waiting for the market to retreat finally gave in and decided to join the equity-buying throng.
Mr. Beall explained that the cattle industry as a whole had been losing money more often than not over the last five years.
A flag kit for the home that includes a 3-foot by 5-foot cotton American flag, an aluminum pole, all necessary hardware and a plastic gold eagle for the top, is $17 at Abacrome Inc., 151 West 26th Street.
I recall man-made mounds of dirt and stone slapped together by dynamite blasts and how my brother, Bill, and I would mine those mini-mountains for fool's gold.
Are they pencil-thin and perfect?
But we're going to Montreal, and we don't care if we play one or two or three games tomorrow.''
''It is fun knowing I have accomplished something.
''My people are saying: 'The terrorist comes and shoots us and goes off.
''Some of them try to argue, and I try to talk more calmly than I'm used to.
The best parts of the book, he said, ''are rhetorically intriguing and personally engaging essays on current issues.''
She starts by taking a sort of post-feminist viewpoint, implying that men today actually have a much harder time of it than women: in the wake of all the changes wrought by the women's movement, she argues, men have had to contend with a lot of heavy new expectations on the part of women and society, and they've also had to continue to deal with the old-fashioned definitions of masculinity on which they were raised.
At a sale of 44 award-winning functional pieces before the auction, Barbara Tober snapped up a feather duster and crumb brush, both priced at $160 and designed by Carolyn Morris Bach.
The Long Island Stage is presenting ''The Country Girl'' at Molloy College in Rockville Centre as the sixth and final production of its 10th anniversary season.
For example, a higher proportion of blacks and Hispanics live in cities, with greater exposure to hazards like pollution, poor housing and crime.
The atom probe uses beams of atomic nuclei to knock single atoms out of a lattice structure.
5:30 P.M. Carnegie Recital Hall.
Of the 85.4 million households in the United States, nearly 20 million people live alone, up from 10.9 million in 1970, according to a 1983 census study.
Two jurors appeared to be crying.
In a statement released with the company's earnings, Mr. Leventhal, the chairman, said: ''We have a challenging first half ahead of us as we continue to recover from the liquidity crisis we experienced in the fourth quarter of 1984.
After catching some sleep, Mr. Teymour arrived in his office in midafternoon, and then headed to the airport to welcome Mr. Garcia.
The setting may be rural Georgia, but the people, the poverty and the state of mind it describes can be found almost anywhere.
Ray Charles Show '85 and the Commodores.
Many do not know whether their banks will survive as independent institutions, or whether they will be able to keep their jobs.
Decisions about the budget are made by the Legislature and the Governor, who are not bound to follow the fiscal recommendations of the Regents.
When he signed up for the force at the age of 22, he recalled that his brother, Rizkallah, told him, ''You will make in a month what you could earn in a day.''
This policy, which is pursued by some savings banks, primarily attracts self-employed people who would not be able to qualify for their mortgages on the basis on the income they report to the Internal Revenue Service.
What makes the play enjoyable is its piquant erudition and bountiful supply of upscale soap-opera plot twists.
But Arbour said he could fill that role.
But after the recession hit Minnesota with particular force, Gov.
''Have you ever dreamed of flying?
The block-long Thalhimers, meanwhile, has subtly turned its back on seedy Broad Street, officially its main entrance.
---- Gibson Balks at Offer The Detroit Tigers made the same offer to Kirk Gibson that the Yankees made to Phil Niekro, but Gibson's agent said he already had told the Tigers that Gibson would not accept the offer.
As a result, deductions would be worth less to taxpayers who took them.
The police said heavy rain had apparently eroded the wall's foundations.
Not that McMahon was obligated to follow the rules of the Mormon church; he's Catholic.
House Speaker Thomas P. O'Neill Jr. of Massachusetts did close the door.
''Allen Born is a superb choice,'' said James N. Rudolph, an analyst at Wertheim & Company.
In recent years Mr. Sirignano practiced law in Mount Vernon.
''Life and Limb'' - which opened two weeks ago at Playwrights Horizons to some glowing reviews as well as a few baffled ones - is part antiwar drama and part domestic satire, all set to the music of the 1950's Hit Parade.
As chief of staff he initiated a number of programs to get guardsmen out of the armories and into the local communities.
Following a game in which Billy Martin said the Yankees looked like ''a circus team,'' the Yankees protested tonight's game with the Minnesota Twins even before it began, objecting to the Big Top under which they were playing.
''Fill her with power,'' the ad says.
Beatrice executives then refused to negotiate, the sources said, and subsequently, on Sunday, Beatrice directors decided that they preferred for the company to remain independent.
Joe Hartman, the Forest Service agent in charge of Aurora and Colorado Springs' application to build in the Holy Cross Wilderness, says the water will be drained only in May, June and July, the period of heaviest snowmelt and stream flow.
A suicide driver rammed a bomb-laden car into the motorcade of the Kuwaiti leader today, killing himself, two bodyguards and a passer-by in an unsuccessful assassination attempt, Kuwaiti officials said.
Many also sought to trim themselves along with their food budgets.
this harsh spectacle, this invisible activity, this sense .
Tradition holds that just before he was hanged, he said, ''I only regret that I have but one life to lose for my country.''
Both as a retailer and an author of books on home design, the 54-year-old executive has become a tastemaker to millions.
His students and colleagues were the nucleus of the first staff of the Commerce Department's national income division.
I want to participate in anything else that's going to be meaningful to the people there.''
Admission is about $1.50, about 90 cents for children 16 and under.
But a 3-point play by Brown, a layup by the forward Kelly Graves and a turnaround jumper by the center Shawn Brooks gave the Lobos a safe 45-34 lead.
The two items from Villa-Lobos's ''Bachianas Brasileiras'' No.
It improves the chances of keeping negotiations from deteriorating into a charade mounted to avoid possible agreement.
The Thais say the defections have become regular; two more were recorded Wednesday.
Where the Solti Falstaff, Mr. Sarabia, stressed the lecherous old knight's clownishness and fatuous vanity, Mr. Giulini had required Renato Bruson to paint the character in softer colors, as a broken-down aristocrat more to be pitied than scorned.
Earnest Jackson of the Chargers led the A.F.C., carrying five times for 36 yards.
In areas like New York City where property values are extremely high, this encourages some developers to do lavish restorations.
He spent the rest of the war playing in Warsaw cafes.
Last year's Grand Prix winner was Chiat/Day with its ''1984'' spot for Apple Computer's Macintosh model.
There has been no sudden decline in the incidents of rape or wife-battering, and no documented increase in male participation in housework.
Leaders of the United Synagogue of America and of the Rabbinical Assembly, two major groups of Conservative Judaism, said they would observe May 5, the day of the proposed Bitburg visit, as ''a day of mourning, prayer and fasting.''
The company also runs a 350-bed alien detention center in Houston, a 30-bed facility for the Federal Bureau of Prisons in Fayetteville, N.C., and a 325-bed jail in Chattanooga, Tenn., whose inmates range from murderers to drunken drivers.
Translating his expertise from the sands of the desert to the cavernous old Newgate Prison in Simsbury took a lot of research, but it was working for the Swiss that added the ''polish'' to his tours and encouraged his meticulous attention to detail.
Five nights at the inn with breakfasts (choices from a 48-item menu) is $145 to $168 a person.
But the challenging suits filed minutes after the vote prompted questions about the commission's action, even among its members.
Small as that space is, Badami clearly thought it was a bargain: He tried to sign up additional members of the American team, but was unsuccessful.
H. Ross Perot, the Texas computer executive who earlier said he would use $70 million of his own money to relocate the Museum of the American Indian from New York to Dallas, yesterday said he would try to raise the funds from private and public sources.
''This - this was where the beating started,'' Dr.
And someday, it might become a big-time spectator sport like tennis.
The Amex market-value index increased 0.66 point, to 205.74, as gainers outnumbered losers by 314 to 241.
You may not feel particularly uplifted by any one of these movies, but the chances are that not only will you not have been bored, but that you will perceive the world around you with a new awareness.
It was no veiled threat.
Registration Cards The point is to determine whether their opponents filed designating petitions with the required number of valid signatures - 10,000 for Mayor, for example.
British Columbia's distance from Eastern Canada has led it to seek out commercial links with Asian countries as well as with the Western United States.
*4 IN SEARCH OF EXCELLENCE, by Thomas J. Peters and Robert H. Waterman Jr. (Warner, $8.95.)
As for me, a 1943 graduate revisiting Parris Island, I found myself just barely able to suppress an urge to tell the colonel who is in charge of recruit training: ''You should have gone through the old Parris Island.''
and further informed me that there was no use in my denial.
Dancers, original music, extras and sets can add thousands of dollars more.
The sources said the small Communist Party faction of the coalition had planned and carried out the abduction without the knowledge of the rebel high command.
NOTE: Other white-fleshed fish, such as haddock, tile fish, monkfish or snapper, may be substituted for the striped bass.
Their only concern, they said, was to make sure that medical students and residents caring for hospital patients were fully qualified.
But the judges heatedly denied that they spoke for the Government.
We were headed in that direction last year, and now he needs to re-establish that.
In an effort to attract business travelers, he said, Presidential ruled out the kind of no-frills service offered by People Express.
Mr. Reagan last week said that doing this would be irresponsible.
Analysts estimated that the library would be worth from $50 to $85 million.
I have therefore a small heart and a mean spirit, which is to say, right or wrong, I am finally wrong.
Until now, the center has relied on a group of cooperative observers for data for its flood forecasts.
The British pound rose to $1.4135 in London, from $1.3897 the day before.
If the recommendation is passed intact by the Legislature, the arts requirement is likely to prompt substantial changes, because of limited offerings in some school systems.
A player uses his thumb to pluck the keys, and their tone is determined by their length and thickness.
But she said the state might sue later over New York's taxing policies on the islands, and she asked that the Guarini suit be heard in New Jersey courts.
The issuing companies, in turn, hold an additional $9 billion in partnership units.
Leonard Raver sat at the organ's console.
''It's like I've said all along, they're working on me.
By her side, her young daughter her dolly is keeping.
The airline also provided tickets to additional relatives at the standard discount fare, $784 on weekends, and waived the advance-purchase requirement.
It is crucial that Americans take responsibility for the ''vast warehouses of the discarded'' that our nation's prisons have become.
According to the sous-chef, Jean-Louis Desbois, ''It is a great success.''
It is much too soon to tell if these preliminary talks on arms control will lead to significant progress in the months ahead, given the wide gaps between the two sides on such questions as space-based weapons.
Scott Brunner, the Giants' starting quarterback in 1983, will start.
The day of the mud slide, Monday, Oct. 7, was the same day that the Achille Lauro was hijacked in the Mediterranean.
But Representative Leon E. Panetta, Democrat of California, said the provision was essential to the proposal.
The birds go to sleep, and the atmosphere changes.
Visitors to Wild Asia at the Bronx Zoo on the next four Saturdays will be treated to free performances of Asian music, dance and storytelling in celebration of the Jungle World exhibition.
New York sales for both houses surpassed their London operations.
Skyscrapers - it almost seems too modest a word - of 135 and 137 stories were among the 14 proposals for the four-acre parcel on which the New York Coliseum sits.
This is because although the characters are diverse - Trudy the bag lady, Agnus Angst the teen-age punk rocker, as well as three women set in the feminist fabric of the 1970's and Judith Beasley, the Calumet City housewife -they have a common thread in their comic search for meaning in their lives.
''I found it worse than last year,'' Miss Navratilova said.
b-Including a tax benefit of $825,000 for the quarter and the six months and a provision of $2,400,000 for the six months for losses in the settlement of five Alabama lawsuits.c-Including a tax benefit of $410,000 for the quarter and the six months.
Her father was drama critic for NBC News and her mother is an independent public relations consultant.
''I never criticized anyone for expressing his views.
SIMSBURY Bishop, Gregory J., Simsbury H.S.
Airline reservations are available, but the period around the Trinidad Carnival, Feb. 18 and 19, and the following weekend, will be difficult on the Port of Spain route.
Mr. Vitous often treats the acoustic stand-up bass as a self-contained orchestra.
For its second show this season, the City Stage Company has gone back to the original book, as dramatized by Laurence Maslon.
CERN is now reaching conditions at 0.0000000001 second, and the S.S.C.
The vote was another setback in the Reagan Administration's struggle to keep the MX missile alive.
But Miss Priest, a 22-year-old Upper Nyack woman, could receive no financial assistance for her thousands of dollars in medical bills from the State Crime Victim's Compensation Board because, until this summer, the law said application had to be made within two years of the crime.
To replace him, Kirk Baptiste was named to run the 200 and Mike Conley was assigned the long jump.
For months the Fed has pursued a policy of accommodating growth of the money supply as part of a strategy aimed at lower interest rates and a lower value for the dollar in relation to other currencies.
''Red Versus Blue,'' the 1972 painting on the big wall at the end of the gallery, is the epitome of the large, spare, well-considered pictures in which Gottlieb (as it were) came home to harbor.
The agency, monitored in Nicosia, accused ''antirevolutionary'' elements of the shooting.
* Opening up the waterfront to the pedestrian has been a major goal of a wide range of public projects, including Battery Park City, Liberty State Park in Jersey City and the ill-fated Westway proposal.
Kanzee as West might have found the killing heart lead if left to himself, but he respected the double of three spades by his partner, Laubenheimer, and led his singleton.
This is a result of his attitude toward the medium.
Other publications have reviewed the role of the Swiss Army and the condition of Jews in Switzerland.
The consultants, Konheim & Ketcham, said the Navy Yard was ''an acceptable site from the considerations of health, safety and quality of life in the community.''
Mr. Lange has been portrayed of late as an idealist willing to stand up to a bullying nuclear superpower in support of long-held principles.
The result would be less investment and exploration and development.''
Parcells said he has been ''fairly well'' satisfied with the play of his secondary, adding that it ''will never be ideal to me.''
That may be why he enjoys company in the kitchen.
He is confronted with the task of how do I compete against traditional businesses with their control systems and information systems and inventory prediction systems.
We lived under constant bombing attacks, moving from one place to another, and finally fleeing China altogether.''
Miss Eberstadt consciously degrades her hero, Pan dipped in acid, to highlight the monstrous growth and almost jungle-like extravagance of her heroine's interest in him.
Third, Pepsi has been very successful in winning younger consumers.
''Santos had a very good game, we tackled better and our secondary played better.
For many observers, Boston is America's first city of early music, and as good an argument as any for its primacy is the fact that the Boston Early Music Festival, growing in fertile ground and nourished by the multifaceted activity surrounding it, has in five years emerged as an international leader in the field.
Not a dud, not an unrecognizable face in the lot.
Ten-franc pieces are the French answer to our zeal for amassing change for telephone calls, bus fare and Laundromats.
Bands are using industrial tools to make a novel and clamorous type of music.
When originally asked if he wanted political asylum, ''he did not understand very well,'' she said.
One sign today of his role was the presence of three gray cars filled with plainclothesmen of the Syrian intelligence parked among the militiamen in the Beirut shantytown where the hostages were gathered.
And there is the $99 second week on the Cunard Princess, a reduction of $200 from the originally published rate.
With 35 seconds remaining, Perry Moss his a 3-point field goal to cut Atlanta's lead to 102-101, but Eddie Johnson came back with a 3-pointer of his own with nine seconds to play.
Since the 50's, intellectual life in this country has been largely concentrated on the campus.
Micheal Ray Richardson chipped in with 22.
With the one-month grace period over, New York State began enforcing a law aimed at reducing death and injuries.
The bribery charges have re-emerged in this trial, not as separate crimes but as part of the overall Mafia racketeering enterprise in which the defendants are said to have been engaged.
It was close to oldie-but-goodie night at the Coliseum, with Arbour actually starting two relics who are allowed to play bare-headed because of the league's grandfather clause in the mandatory-helmet rule.
Mr. Desrosiers's work is not for those seeking an extended dance vocabulary.
It might be raining viciously, but you're listening to your sneakers squish and ooze with muddy water.
The 38-year-old Mr. Brant, whose principal business is newsprint manufacturing, is one of those entrepreneurs who seem to profit from their hobbies.
As Sam, Zakes Mokae beautifully re-creates the performance that won him a Tony Award in 1982.
The upshot, according to scholars and diplomats, is that, if it wanted to, South Africa could cripple surrounding countries by cutting off railroad links or pulling the plug on electricity.
Carter is the highest paid among only 10 players still under contract to the Invaders.
In Zurich, the metal fell 40 cents, to $322.50.
He did not call for Nevada's withdrawal, however.
It was supposed to inaugurate a tradition of realism for the genre, operating without the cartoonish trappings that reduce so many sitcoms to hollow farces.
Her father is president of Japan Creative Tours, a subsidiary of Japan Air Lines.
The corporations, both of which are defunct, each faces a maximum fine of $10,000.
The evening's media star was either Princess Gloria (for her youth and flashing jewels) or Mollie Wilmot, the much-married Chicago retail heiress.
How does she do it?
Today's Columns Executors are held to high standards of fiduciary responsibility, and must show prudence in protecting the interests of heirs.
had tried to ban it because studies linked it to bladder cancer in rats.
The idiom seems a little self-consciously earnest; one wishes Mr. Zappa could express his idiosyncracies more directly through sound -but then again, one wishes for that in his vernacular music, too.
For many of the students, the classes in the public policy course at Princeton University this summer were something they had not experienced before.
''They're just another technology company trying to make it in a competitive world.
In Ohio, teachers stayed out a second day in Toronto.
Thereafter, the action shifts smoothly under David Chambers's direction, from various sets in the United States (a college dormitory room, the den of a house) to others in what was then called Rhodesia (a prison, a plantation kitchen, a campfire).
Concerning Mr. Stevens's bill, Mr. Rose raised visions of a police state in which flying squads swooped down on people, perhaps even members of Congress, who lit up in nonsmoking areas.
Their error flows from failure, or perhaps unwillingness, to acknowledge the real difference - in concept and in practice - between goals and quotas.
Tomas Jonsson cut the lead to 5-2 at 12:50 of the second, but Dave Andreychuk increased it to 6-2 only 2:01 later.
One of the scenes is pure gold: the Prince engages in an inspired pas de quatre with three frilly, wildly amorous sisters.
Two men suspected of kidnapping a woman, beating her boyfriend and shooting passers-by who went to the couple's rescue will be charged with capital murder and kidnapping, the Texas authorities said today.
It has affectred his confidence in us.''
Mr. Cabrera said 13,500 Colombians were registered to vote in Miami.
Since 1983, however, Mr. Stenberg's scheduled court appearances have been suspended because of his deteriorating heart condition.
The auto giant chose Saturn as the designation for a new advanced-technology subsidiary intended to challenge the Japanese in small cars.
Their numbers make clear that the shrines of Vasile and Stefan constitute a national treasure.
A continuing study of more than 250 families has provided insights about the transition to parenthood.
The other is the former Postum Building at 250 Park Avenue, also at 46th Street, and it is now undergoing a multimillion dollar restoration.
'No More Hazardous Than Yogurt' Dr. Henry I. Miller, special assistant to the Commissioner of Food and Drugs, said the altered bacteria would be ''no more hazardous than the live organisms present in yogurt'' and characterized the experiment itself as ''completely safe.''
Henry also lured William Waynflete, Winchester's magister, or headmaster, to be Eton's first provost.
But Ames, Zayre's crosstown rival, says it tested that theory last year and found it lacking.
According to The Globe, the grand jury heard tape recordings of conversations between Mr. Marriott and the priest, in which, the paper said, they were reported to have discussed ways to cover up untruths in the affidavits.
John Lankston as Loge was disappointing: thick and dull of voice, unsure of movement and phrasing, and even victim of one awkward memory lapse.
Sir Terence is a man who tries not to miss a thing.
The three were strongly backed by New York State, which argued in a supporting brief by Attorney General Robert Abrams that the compact was ''openly protectionist and anticompetitive'' and had the ''primary purpose'' of excluding New York banks from the New England market.
''Bright River Trilogy'' is narrated, like a rural ''Rashomon,'' by three interweaving voices: those of Lilly, Jessie and Ellen.
Like Bird's, Johnson's skills are most appreciated by his peers.
The Swedish composer, who lived from 1884 to 1947 and was a singer and voice teacher among other things, is represented by 36 of his songs recorded by Nicolai Gedda, the Swedish tenor, on two separate disks (Bluebell 171 and 172).
They knew where I had been.
The items cost about 30 percent less than Rive Gauche, the top-of-the-line collection.
Carl Lewis recovered his winning form, and Mary Decker Slaney extended her string of victories this season to 12 at the Ivo van Damme Memorial track and field meet tonight.
The Walkers were divorced in 1976.
''Jim has improved so much,'' said John Jenkins, who has replaced Davis as the Gamblers' offensive coordinator, but retained the run-and- shoot.
You'd have the right-to-lifers up here screaming on one side and Planned Parenthood on the other, and Congress would never want to hear about tax reform again.''
Mission officials expressed disappointment that their ingenious recovery operation, using two makeshift plastic and wire snares fixed to the tip of the shuttle's mechanical arm, bore no results.
It is headed by Hussein Musawi, previously the chief military commander in Amal.
Unlike the slaves, however, where the turbulence always has something to do with the life inside the figures, the irrationality in Pearlstein's paintings is largely detached from his models.
This practice caused confusion but no great problems until Harry S. Truman succeeded to the Presidency in April 1945, in almost total ignorance of Roosevelt's postwar plans and what he had agreed on with Joseph Stalin and Winston Churchill at the Yalta conference in February.
Indeed, the clock's every tick is being counted by those working behind the scenes: only 10 weeks will have elapsed between when ''Live Aid'' was conceived and when its first notes are sounded in London.
On Tuesday, Amal and its Druse allies took full control of West Beirut by suppressing the Sunni Moslem militia known as the Mourabitoun.
Archbishop Miguel Obando y Bravo of Managua was expected to discuss the matter with Pope John Paul II during the pope's current visit to South America.
The artist's precise and sensitive pencil line reflects his start as an engraver - working in Connecticut, where he was born - and later in Albany.
Mr. Piotrowski added that Colonel Pietruszka might have actually said ''highest levels.''
The victory, only the second for the Yankees in their last seven games, came with Martin still recuperating from a partially collapsed lung that he suffered Sunday.
Instead, in his memory, the Israeli research center endowed 46 John F. Kennedy fellowships for scientists to study at the institute: one for each year of the President's life at the time of his assassination.
We'll give them a week off and then start the weight-training program for next season.''
From her first appearance in Adrian Noble's production of ''As You Like It,'' she projects an endearingly persuasive personality.
Later on, the audience of 2,800 watched the East Coast premiere of a restored version of ''The Animal Kingdom,'' a 1932 film featuring Miss Loy and recently rediscovered in the vaults at Warner Brothers.
''We have kept the style, the corporate culture, we inherited from T.W.A.,'' said Captain Mohammed.
None of his earlier works, however, illuminate those issues with the assurance evinced by ''The Old Gringo'' or use his gifts for magical realism with this book's passion and precision.
Reasons for Enlisting Conversations with dozens of senior noncommissioned officers and junior enlisted men and women over the last two years have produced several reasons for joining and staying in the services, including these: The economy and unemployment.
''Goddamn, Mike, it's good to see you.''
''I want it to happen this time,'' Curren said.
Biondi Sets Meet Record Matt Biondi, a 19-year-old California sophomore from Moraga, Calif., won the men's 100-yard free-style in 42.32 seconds, a meet record and the second fastest time ever.
The Central Commmittee is the main organ guiding the party between national conventions.
''Don't think that wasn't some kind of culture shock,'' he said.
He told Coach Bill Parcells he wanted to play the second half, but would come out of the game if Parcells thought he was not playing well.
''We knew them all and we were out-of-our-minds proud that they spoke to us even if it was only, 'Hi, how are you?'
''It is something that will eventually take care of itself,'' he said.
Some beggars, equipped with mattresses and gas stoves, say they prefer their rent-free corners to life in the slums of the North Zone.
Now, if a shareholder in a closely held, nonpublic company sells stock to an ESOP, and reinvests the proceeds in a domestic corporation whose investment income does not exceed 25 percent of its gross sales, the investor can defer any capital gain taxes until he sells his stake in the second company.
''It's only a little boo-boo,'' I soothed, ''and by tomorrow it will be all gone.''
The Government today opened its defense against charges that it suppessed evidence in the conviction of a Japanese-American in World War II for violating military law by refusing to report to an internment camp.
Her estimate for Ford, which introduced its newest car models the day after Christmas, calls for profits of $12.50 in 1985, followed by $11.30 next year.
JAN chips tend to be more expensive than commercial chips, which are made in greater volume.
Admission is $8 for adults, $7 for students and the elderly and free for children under 12.
In a career that spanned more than 50 years, Dr. Morley received many honors, including a special award for lifelong service from the American Association of Museums last year.
The official press aagency Tass quoted Mr. Gromyko as expressing the Soviet Union's desire for the ''speediest end to the conflict.''
Medicare recently instituted a policy under which it tells the hospitals how long patients can stay for a specific illness.
''I don't have anything to say tonight, gentlemen,'' he said as he arrived at his locker from the trainer's room, where he had soaked his left arm in ice.
Finally, the Justice Department can provide funds to encourage more scholarship in the field of corporate crime.
The Patriots, meanwhile, scored two touchdowns within a 9-minute span of the fourth quarter to hand the Dolphins their third defeat in four games.
But this is 1985, and the scarfs were also used for ropes to tug, strangle and define parameters, to match corner for corner then let cascade down into the air, and to somersault into.
Asked if an accident like the one at Unit 2 could happen at Unit 1, Philip R. Clark, president and chief executive officer of the company's nuclear subsidiary, said, ''You can't make flat, categorical statements that something can never happen.''
For the last quarter, the figure would have been even less - just one-tenth of 1 percent - without business spending on rebuilding inventories.
The engine plant, which is in northwestern Ohio, about 35 miles from Marysville, is tied to the auto plant expansion.
But while Rutherford is sure he has worked out all the kinks in his racing form, he is less certain about his car, a Vermont American March.
He attended the Hackley School, graduated magna cum laude from Harvard College and received a master's degree from the Harvard Graduate School of Business Administration.
Contamination from these sites is so serious that nearly 300 municipal and industrial landfills have already ended up on E.P.A.
The compound, not incidentally, sits atop a high Washington hill.
'We Will Not Be Bullied' In a speech tonight, Mr. Shultz said the determination of the United States, Britain and France to remain as the protecting powers in West Berlin through the 40 postwar years was proof to the Russians ''that the democracies will stand firm against pressures.''
The neutrinos will be fired into the mineral oil, causing occasional brief bursts of light that will be detected and recorded by sensitive instruments.
They would never have caught me.'
He then led his singleton spade and West ducked.
Earlier in the day, he had considered not reporting to his new team and retiring after more than 15 National Hockey League seasons.
''I do not lust after the Presidency,'' he will say, emphasizing the need to have something ''burning in your belly.''
Claudia DeMonte and Mike Howard (Gracie Mansion Gallery, 167 Avenue A, at 10th Street): These two solo exhibitions shed light on why so many East Village artists have been making art that is likable and fun.
Aside from deciding on who will manage the fund's portfolio and what it should be invested in, he has spent the last several years cleaning up a number of outstanding Federal lawsuits involving allegations of financial mismanagement during the mid- to late 1970's.
The man investigators say may be Dr. Mengele was buried as Wolfgang Gerhard in the Brazilian cemetery.
''Some of the wineries that want to sell directly would be better off going back to the drawing board and making better-quality wines,'' he says.
Many baymen soon found the effort futile.
The historical details can help in developing an accurate restoration plan, down to such matters as the type of finishes that were used for the interior.
'No One Saw Him There' During his summation to the jury, Mr. Kasanof was sharp in his references to Dr.
Every one is as fresh as an ocean mist and distinctly flavorful.
*Place the artichokes in a buttered baking dish.
HBO then agreed to provide funding.
General Foods jumped 23.8 percent; Anheuser-Busch, 11.8 percent.
A tiny oasis in the middle of one of the city's most frantic corners, it was deserted.
Bret Saberhagen, whose value to the Kansas City Royals is no less than Dwight Gooden's is to the Mets, fired three straight fastballs.
I go to bars and try, for the most part with extreme fecklessness, but now and then with heartening success, to pick up Japanese women.''
The Klaus Synagogue is a display hall depicting Jewish life in Bohemia and Moravia; the Spanish Synagogue houses an exhibition of fabrics, hangings and vestments from synagogues; the Maisel Synagogue shows silver ritual objects, and the High Synagogue marks the millenium of Jews in Bohemia.
On the issue of a site, the Americans are reported to prefer Washington, with the Russians preferring New York next September, in the context of 40th anniversary celebration of the founding of the United Nations.
Until last week, the White House had decided to hold a nonpublic swearing-in ceremony on the day mandated by the Constitution - Jan. 20, which fell on a Sunday this year - followed a day later by a live public replay of the ceremony, as a kind of stage-setter for the Inaugural Address.
But sometime around the turn of the century temporal lobes throughout Western culture healed mysteriously and musical production began to fall off precipitously.
This ''Great Awakening'' that spread along the Eastern seaboard was of a personal nature, felt primarily within churches and homes.
The Board of Education has said that the stricter policy has shown success.
''I think although he won very easily, it's the leadership race.''
Primary Role for States It would involve no direct regulation by Washington.
Although not everyone is happy with the presence of foreign athletes, Chaplin is quite comfortable with it.
Following is the roll-call vote by which the Senate voted today to approve a bill intended to reduce illegal immigration: WASHINGTON, Sept. 19.
''This country just refuses to produce,'' said a foreign economist.
But the weather this weekend was almost picture perfect and the timing could not have been better.
Before dawn, they logged 25 nocturnal species, mostly by ear, including the lesser nighthawk, the scaled quail and the brown jay.
Judge Ascher Katz of Greenburgh had found that Conrail, which operated the commuter railroads in Westchester before the Metro-North Commuter Railroad took them over, should be liable for poor service.
The ball was blocked by Dieter Heren, a defensive back who crashed through the middle and slapped the ball down.
Representative Fernand J. St Germain, the Rhode Island Democrat who is chairman of the House Banking Committee, said: ''I've been on a crusade against private insurance funds for a long time.
He has been one of the eight members of the committee of managing directors since 1982.
During World War I, engineers built the main plant of steel-reinforced concrete to withstand shelling from any German ships that might slip into New Haven harbor.
The Queens Ethnic Music and Dance Festival takes place tomorrow, from noon to midnight, at Bohemian Hall and Park, 29-19 24th Avenue in Astoria, one block from the Hoyt Avenue-Astoria Boulevard stop of the R train.
These days Miss Harrell sits in her neat, clean room and draws and tries to forget the days ''when I was in Roosevelt Hospital and couldn't even arm up a cup of tea.''
Because the concert's cast could act as well as it could sing, the double-edged quality of Mr. Sondheim's songs was always apparent.
But several legislators voiced anger at the lack of drive for adequate educational programs.
The tenor saxophonist Pharoah Sanders will lead a quartet tonight through Sunday at Sweet Basil, 88 Seventh Avenue South above Bleecker Street (242-1785) .
Programs in Westchester To reduce such worries, many school districts have turned to ''extended day'' programs that fall somewhere between the traditional half-day kindergarten and the all-day classes, which can run as long as six hours a day.
But the cost here, as in other restaurants mentioned, will be much higher if you order classic vintages, as you may be tempted to do.)
''Any busy restaurant you see has a bar,'' Mr. Sampson said.
Two months ago, a sudden rainstorm drenched Port Assab in Ethiopia and several thousand tons of food were spoiled.
Each example makes your ideas a bit clearer.''
Buildings that can now be written off over 19 years would have to be depreciated over 30 years.
The behavior is beguiling, but occasionally it seems staged.
In a kind of Pavlovian gesture, he slapped young Guy-Philippe across the face so that he would remember the gravity of the occasion.
Like most of the competitors, Birch is sponsored.
''In teaching,'' he insists, ''you're dealing with the real thing - with discipline, and with absolutes that you are trying to communicate.
And, he added, the agency will also look into whether it should be given the authority to bar individuals from participating in any securities firm, not just broker-dealer firms, which the commission currently regulates.
Tonight's game was also another exceptional effort by Rickey Henderson, who reached base four times in five at-bats.
The menu is on the expensive side (dinner entrees around $15), but the scene is usually lively and the drinks generous.
They do not become eligible for unemployment benefits until they have been on strike for eight weeks.
Half the citrus Japan consumes already comes from the United States, the Ambassador said.
But for those worrying about the immediate future, this was scant consolation.
That's all very well, but for us, as professional artists, we must be denied that, we believe.
She attended Mount Holyoke College and graduated from Cornell University and the Georgetown University Law Center, where she was articles editor on The Law Journal.
One game I set a major league record with 11 assists.
However, Mr. Pike said that even ordinary military development projects commonly took one-third longer and cost one-third more than originally estimated.
Its cause is unknown, and there is no cure.
Secretary of State George P. Shultz, drawing a parallel between Indochina and Central America, said today that the United States had to help the Nicaraguan rebels to prevent repeating the ''horror'' that resulted from the Communist takeover in Vietnam, Laos and Cambodia.
However, Li assured the gain of the exchange by 16 B-QN5, virtually forcing 16. .
Corporation, which then splits 3 for 1, has a $33.33 basis in each of the new shares.
Mr. Cuomo freguently makes comparisons between running a state government and a national government.
In addition, it has hired subcontractors in Japan to make its robots for the Far Eastern market.
The American Hospital Association has begun a research project to determine the extent to which American hospitals provide undergraduate clinical training to foreign medical students.
The sedate intellectual effort required at the card-table does not usually appeal to men of action, but there are exceptions.
In yesterday's trading, AMP rose 5/8, to 33 1/4.
As the music will be mostly baroque and the 2 P.M. recitals are preceded by a 1 P.M. buffet, Richard Kapp, the music director, has dubbed it ''Bach's Lunch.''
''When the budget reductions take place, as they inevitably will, they will directly reduce the amount of money in the legislative appropriation for members' salaries and office expenses,'' Mr. Morrison said.
At Temple Emanuel of Great Neck, L.I., last evening Frann Leigh Tillman, a daughter of Mr. and Mrs. Kenneth Tillman of Jericho, L.I., was married to Stephen Saul Birnkrant, a son of Mr. and Mrs. Sherwin M. Birnkrant of Pontiac, Mich.
After New York's mandatory seatbelt law took effect a year ago, the number of riders buckling up rose to 69 percent.
Among the members of Congress expected to join are Senators Edward M. Kennedy, a Massachussetts Democrat; and Richard M. Lugar, an Indiana Republican; and Representatives Dante B. Fascell of Florida, Wyche Fowler Jr. of Georgia and William H. Gray 3d of Pennsylvania, all three Democrats.
The next year, he was named to the top job at both the bank and the holding company when his predecessor, Raymond J. Dempsey, left to try to straighten out the ailing European American Bancorp.
Apparently, Abdul-Jabbar did not remind the President that they had also had similar vocational experience.
''He bit one officer and ripped his shirt.''
Argentina's Pace Slows As the Weather Warms BUENOS AIRES - The Christmas holiday in the southernmost countries of South America coincides with the summer season in which business, theater, ballet and just about everything slows to two-thirds of the country's regular pace.
The action was dominated by Mr. Renouard and Luciana Cicerchia, as protean figures termed the Trickster and the Changing Woman.
With this growth in the business of discounters has come what some experts believe to be significant errors and omissions in their promotional material.
Next Monday, one soprano, one mezzo-soprano, one baritone, one tenor, one pianist will fill the park with an evening of opera.
Later he would offer to buy the rest of CBS on the same terms.
Like others at the seminar, he asked not to be quoted by name.
He said they would buy and sell currencies not only when markets turned ''disorderly,'' the Reagan Administration's earlier ground, but also to be ''helpful.''
Thus, they seek special dispensation from Congress, and from anyone else they can get it.
And while most studies show that strenuous activity can promote health and prolong life, they also show that it can sometimes be dangerous, increasing by perhaps sevenfold a person's chances of dying suddenly during or just after physical exertion.
Syracuse 29, Temple 14 SYRACUSE (AP) - The wide receiver Scott Schwedes accounted for three touchdowns, Don McAulay made three field goals, and the free safety Markus Paul intercepted three first-half passes to end Temple's four-game winning streak.
Sometimes she succeeded, sometime she did not.
It will wipe the disk clean.
''We saw plenty of retail interest last week, but there was not much going on today.
On the downtown IRT local yesterday morning, mothers were tending squirming children in their church clothes and weekend workers were rubbing the residue of Saturday night from their eyes.
The expansiveness of the empty areas around the figures suggests an experience of space that is not that far the one that inspired the color fields of Barnett Newman.
He hopped aboard a Southern Pacific freight train and three days later was in San Pedro, Calif. ---- He Was First Peter Peterson In the book, Mr. Gaertner said that after his escape he passed himself off as Peter Peterson of Norway.
Other options include sketching, to supplement the available pictures, and a cut-and-paste feature that permits the selection of only a portion of a picture.
It makes you a little more attentive.''
Mrs. Mkhonto said the villagers moved out that same day, asking no questions because ''they were white men.''
The disorder interferes with the ability to function as a parent.
We have some high hopes for 1986, but we haven't firmed things up enough to say anything publicly yet.
An especially bright note for the industry is that studies have shown that mousse has not taken away the market share from hairsprays or gels, and has, in some instances, spurred their growth.
That appraisal of the 15-year-old British publicly held company appears in a long report on the company in which Mr. Crane also predicts that by the end of next year, and even though 65 percent of S.&S.
Mrs. Smith attributed her excellent condition now to her coach, Robert Vaughn, and to a Soviet masseuse.
It also gave the Rangers a six-game losing streak, dropped them to 9-23, the worst record in baseball, and ended the tenure of Manager Doug Rader.
Before then, Worthy, a bearded and soft-spoken man who still prefers the homey South to the glitter of Los Angeles, struggled to find his niche in the Lakers' scheme.
It is Lis Harris's literal willingness to immerse herself in Hasidic culture that produces the emotional climax of her book.
''We were so young, they just didn't believe us.''
It upheld lower court decisions that East Los Angeles could either bury or cremate the fetuses but not arrange or participate in any religious services.
The disclosure form also listed property holdings in Langhorne, Pa., and at 80 Warren Street and 80-82 Greene Street in Manhattan, each valued at more than $100,000.
There were peach lights and the black silk sky was dark until aides turned on the fake stars.
It is not, however, among the oldest.
The British expulsion Thursday followed the disclosure that Oleg A. Gordiyevsky, the head of the K.G.B.
In his new book, he has named the protagonist after himself, the members of the boy's family after those of his own.
''I believe I can best help us reach that goal from my present seat in the House of Representatives.''
Gucci recently opened a new store with men's and women's fashion departments next to the existing one on Via Tornabuoni.
Use a flat mallet to gently pound them (see notes).
Have any players fallen prey to gamblers and game-fixers because of the cost of drugs?
The interplay of soft with loud, staccato with legato, melody with ornament emerged like shifting tones of voice and varied figures of speech.
Year-ago results are pro forma.
The mission to Syria has been entrusted to Prince Bandar, the Saudi Ambassador here, who took part in the meetings with American officials during the King's visit, which ended Friday.
According to witnesses, the attacks were actually a highly organized pogrom against Sikhs.
In contrast, the Panthers were 50-9-1 in five years under Sherrill, now at Texas A&M, and before that 33-13-1 in four under Majors, now at Tennessee.
The Dow Jones industrial average finished the session at 1,304.77, up 6.38 points.
''However fragmented, or uncoordinated, or contradictory or appalling,'' Mayor W. Wilson Goode said in summarizing the testimony, ''no other city administration has exposed its inner workings to the extent that I have ordered this one to.''
The authors of the First Amendment laid down in virtually absolute terms the principle that the government cannot tamper with free speech and free press.
Add the walnuts and blend well.
''Gil, I know you are an able and respected moderator,'' the Mayor's letter said.
Lilco Says It's Ready The N.R.C.
The Securities and Exchange Commission today charged the Savin Corporation with violating generally accepted principles in its accounting of research and development spending.
Critics who say that the Whitney has become trendy, Mr. Armstrong said, also overlook the fact that the Whitney operates a number of educational programs, and that the museum frequently mounts scholarly exhibitions of such important American artists as Marsden Hartley, Milton Avery and Ralston Crawford.
These must be recorded with the local County Clerk along with a survey by a licensed professional engineer showing the location of the property and the specifications of each unit.
To point out the mystique of age, Mr. Yoshimura singled out one of the most beautiful plants in his collection - a magnificent crepe myrtle in full bloom.
The company has invested ''well over $10 million'' in offering such things as classes on nutrition, coping with stress, and the like to nearly 50,000 employees across the country, according to Murray Naditch, director of health care services.
A meteorologist at the National Weather Service station in Manhattan, Fred Zuckerberg, said that no official wind speeds were recorded because observation posts had been evacuated.
Fruit and vegetable production experienced similar gains.
Mobil, also active, rose 1 1/4, to 33 1/8, as investors continued to look for other oil companies that might follow Arco's lead in a restructuring.
The price range is $150 to $400.
''I always have problems in the opening match'' Miss Mandlikova said.
''This is one of the most important gifts ever received at the Beinecke Library,'' Miss Wynne said.
More than a million Salvadorans are refugees inside or outside their country as a result of the Salvadoran military and its war.
The test of reasonableness that applies to adults cannot be stretched to apply to children.
The newspaper asserted that the bank, a major institution in the community, was a public figure, but the Oregon Supreme Court rejected that argument.
A Federal grand jury now is in session in Honolulu.
But this is still an opera, with or without staging, and Mr. Bass could have provided a more inviting environment for his singers.
CondominiumsThe Chamber of Commerce makes reservations for the 35 complexes containing 988 condominium units.
Under Federal procurement regulations, Paradyne will have an opportunity to challenge the allegations made by the Government.
Among these peers, Nichols is the most concerned with family as formative influence and with the varying ways that one keeps trying to come to terms with one's ties.
The misjudgment was a mere pittance, totaling only $196.5 million over five years.
However, anyone who finds himself in the museum today should make a point of seeking out this work in the upstairs mini-gallery.
They note that the Russians do not announce or talk about developments in the field of nuclear weaponry.
The big Exxon oil refinery that provided about 50 percent of Aruba's income closed last spring, and the Shell refinery here, also a major employer, has said it may have to close unless the Government is prepared to buy two-thirds of the failing business.
Metals stocks, which were broadly weaker on Monday on a sharp drop in precious metals prices, gained across the board as those prices recovered from Monday's plunge.
Dip each crab in flour and saute briefly.
Having struggled with the economy for nine months and having unsuccessfully tried to carry out smaller-scale reforms, the Government seemed left with essentially no choice but drastic measures.
Basically, options are the right - not an obligation - to buy (call) or sell (put) the underlying goods at a specified price during a fixed period of time.
There are 29 humorous pieces here, including a record review of the Nixon White House tape recordings and a romantic memoir featuring Mao Zedong.
Mr. Kean's campaign records showed contributions from a number of unions as well as some Wall Street sources, including Merrill Lynch & Company and Paine Webber Inc.
Visitors also may see construction of a 154-room hotel at Davis Bay on the northwest coast.
''We pioneered the field of catastrophe law,'' said Solly Robins, the 71- year-old partner who co-founded the firm in 1938.
The George Street Playhouse's season is off to a smashing start.
Today Drax Hall is still in the Drax family; it can be visited only during special tours arranged through the Barbados National Trust.
Discard any that are shriveled or soft.
Their ''Housing New York Initiative,'' which requires legislative approval, would divert $1 billion of the state's anticipated profits from Battery Park City and the World Trade Center to existing city housing programs.
The Jewish settlers are now left with all of the growth potential on the West Bank and the Arabs solely with that land that they have cultivated.''
For these artists, blur and fuzziness - qualities anathema to their elders - are considered traits to be prized.
The current estimate, according to a study commissioned by the Federal Health Care Financing Administration, is that 28 percent of the nation's $75 billion annual Medicare budget is spent to maintain individuals over the age of 65 in their last year of life, the bulk of which is spent during their last month.
The National Union of Mine Workers, representing as many as 230,000 black mine workers, had expected a work stoppage by 62,000 workers at seven mines.
Opponents of Envirocare say that the truck traffic generated by the planned Perth Amboy facility would create an added danger.
All of them have painted cardboard box heads that resemble the heads of friendly animals.
* Allow workers to qualify for full pension benefits after five years of work instead of 10.
It will probably take five years more to build this national data base, and the museum plans to raise private funds to cover the continuing expense.
''What happened just didn't relate to their regular long-distance business,'' said Blair White, a partner in Sidley & Austin, the Chicago law firm representing A.T.&T.
With sex education a mandated part of the school curriculum, it is possible that an enthusiastic teacher may decide to provide practical laboratory experience in sexual relations, and that one of the participants may be a carrier of the dread disease.
The Tony Ganz production - made in association with Major H Productions, written by George Rubino and directed by Roger Young - carefully avoids manufactured uplift, staying tightly focused on the more unsettling aspects of the story.
''The personalities looked like completely different people.''
The three-week race covering 2,519 miles concludes next Sunday.
It contains some profanity and a few mild scares.
Mr. McFarlane's remarks were featured this morning on the front page of Beirut's leading daily, An Nahar.
He said that one of the most attractive deals was for space at 11 Penn Plaza, which offered the large floors and low rent that had become the agency's prerequisites.
At the Theater at St. Peter's Church, Lexington Avenue and 54th Street.
Yugoslavia's cost of living has soared by approximately 340 percent in the last four years.
15 1 MOUNTBATTEN, by Philip Ziegler.
and Pan American; from Miami on Eastern, Pan Am and B.W.I.A.
Yuroku Suzuki, a CP Air spokesman here, said he could not disclose the passenger list from Flight 003 without permission from headquarters in Canada.
Restaurant meals, he said, now are taking 36 cents of the overall food dollar compared with 32 cents at the beginning of the decade.
At least one study indicates that network commentary overall has been more neutral than many people realize.
In the first step toward Revlon's dismantling, the Beecham Group of London, the food, drug and household products company, announced yesterday that it had agreed to pay $395 million in cash for both Revlon's Norcliff Thayer patent medicines, including Tums antacid tablets and Oxy acne preparations, and its Reheis Chemical Company of Berkeley Heights, N.J., a fine-chemical company.
Outright merger offers already require a two-thirds vote in New York; this bill would merely extend that rule to the acquisition of a potentially controlling interest.
''We did too much business on too little capital,'' she said.
Conservatives Threaten Blockade Their aim was shared by a conservative group, Save the Oppressed People, which announced today it would seek a flotilla of several dozen boats to prevent the ship from leaving American waters until Mr. Medved can be interviewed again.
This year, the Jets seemed to be overstocked with wide receivers: They drafted Al Toon from Wisonsin on the first round, and they had three proven ones in Wesley Walker, Lam Jones and Bobby Humphery.
In filings earlier this month with the election commission, covering the first six months of 1985; Mr. Kemp's committee reported receiving $733,000, Mr. Baker's reported $508,000 and Mr. Dole's reported $88,000.
It had to do with the conditions which stimulated or maximized a person's chances of improving his occupation and the conditions which held him back.
McKenna was waived on Dec. 18 - two days before the deadline that forced teams to pay everyone on the roster for the remainder of the season - and then re-signed to a 10-day contract.
Arch A. Moore Jr. of West Virginia also took to the air to examine the devastation, for which he sought Federal disaster aid in 22 counties.
His love of - and lifelong fascination for -the circus, comes through in a scene in which Fellini as a little boy awakens in the middle of the night to watch a circus tent being magically erected (from ''The Clowns,'' 1970), and in the enchanting finale of ''8 1/2,'' which provides the Lincoln Center tribute with its finale.
Consideration of such a sale has been aggressively advocated by Pennsylvania's two Republican Senators, Arlen Specter and John Heinz.
''At a certain stage it's hard to adapt to learning, and at 65 it's very hard, but I'm considering it even now.''
I couldn't be a ballet dancer because I don't have the discipline.
This television adaptation, directed by Michael Lindsay-Hogg, is exemplary.
Everyone, at Dr. Giachimo's insistence, wore safety glasses.
In a related development, the Government press agency Tass said that Secretary of State George P. Shultz gave no indication to Foreign Minister Shevardnadze in a meeting in Helsinki on Wednesday that the United States was is ''correcting its arms policies in an appropriate way.''
He skated to a blackboard and the players followed and sat around him and Sator wrote with chalk to depict how the neutral zone of the ice should be defensed.
''I think Kennedy's going to be the front-runner,'' said 27-year-old Boyd Lewis.
The Suffolk book is available in paperback at bookstores on the Island and in New York City at $8.95 (the Nassau book costs $7.95).
Warning Triggered Sirens The National Weather Service issued a tornado watch 40 minutes before the first funnel cloud was reported near Pennside, Pa. As soon as it learned that a tornado had touched down there, it upgraded the watch to a tornado warning.
Then he stopped in mid-sentence and said: ''Hey, whether I like it or not, I gotta go, right?
Park, a stadium that seats 75,000 for Australian Rules Football, got a look at American college football tonight as the Wyoming defeated Texas-El Paso, 23-21, in the Australia Bowl.
---- Chief's Crown Works Out Chief's Crown, the beaten favorite when third in the Kentucky Derby and second in the Preakness, had his major workout for next Saturday's Belmont Stakes yesterday morning.
Since 1977, state regulations have provided for such panels to decide, among other things, whether girls can join boys' teams in noncontact sports such as baseball and soccer.
In Connecticut, urbanization has sharply diminished farming.
Barentu, which has about 20,000 people, was the Ethiopian Government's westernmost outpost in Eritrea.
Meanwhile, the biggest loser of the weekend was Coach Jim Dickey, in his eighth season at Kansas State.
Nearly a billion of the tiny spheres produced in the absence of gravity aboard the space shuttle Challenger have been sold to eight companies, the Food and Drug Administration and the University of Utah for use as microscopic yardsticks.
Stock Emil Hirsch, a lawyer for Media News, said a dramatic increase in the Financial News offer would be difficult for Judge Bason to ignore.
Iraqi jet fighters and helicopter gunships, the communique said, carried out 926 bombing raids, scoring ''direct and effective hits and returned safely after destroying 16 river boats, two bridges, four military vehicles and large numbers of troop gatherings.''
'We Gave It Our Best Shot' Mr. Henry responded that his office was independent.
Loretta Ucelli, a spokesman for the American Federation of Government Employees, the largest Federal union representing 700,000 workers, said that because of the failure of Congress to accept comparability increases, ''We have a serious morale problem in the Federal Government now; it's becoming increasingly hard to attract competent workers.''
''I am very pleased with Diane's performance today,'' said Fred Thompson, her coach at the Adams Track Club, ''especially with her last 200 meters, which she did in 31 seconds.
While perhaps nothing can match the feeling of the first-time traveler to Rome who has just been casually informed by the waiter that his charming dinner for two has cost 60,000 lire, foreign exchange dealings can remain disorienting, even for those who go abroad frequently.
Yet I doubt the conventional wisdom or even that these organizations really speak for the elderly as a whole.
ON THE TWO-PARTY SYSTEM: ''As capitalism developed, the difference between the parties faded.
The bishop did not single out any actions by the Administration, but the speech contained the harshest criticism of United States policy he has made in his term, which ends in December.
The players might be asked questions ranging from, ''How do you defense the flexbone?''
These include the brome grasses, barley, foxtail millets and rabbit's foot.
She said she had taken it to Sierra Club Books, because it had recently put out a similar book on Alaska.
Now the company is running a half-hour radio show on public radio each day.
''She said 'give me a hand with the pound,' '' a Treasury official recalled, ''and you don't want to be unkind to your best friend.''
An application is sent with the letter, and if the loan is approved the money is immediately advanced to the school.
But Salvadorans and foreign residents following the case, while in sympathy with the President, said that an exchange of his daughter would raise new and delicate questions.
''People listen to me because they like the way I say it,'' says Postero.
Add shrimp and stir-fry it for a moment.
Among the areas of debate are these: - Budgetary shifts that have increased or maintained funds for timbering and other commodity production while slashing money available for recreation, wildlife management, soil conservation and other noncommodity uses.
In its first incarnation, ''The Blood Knot'' offered some of the hope, the possibility of redemption, that typified the early dissident novels of Alan Paton (''Cry, the Beloved Country'').
Despite its artistic wealth, Philadelphia is often unfairly overshadowed by New York and Washington.
After working briefly on a broadcloth jacket, she puts it on, continuing to pin the next item, a white satin-backed crepe blouse.
This new model allows the listener to vary the dynamic range of the music being played - i.e., the range between the loudest and softest parts.
Mr. Henderson said the company's parent, Petrofina S.A., seeks a $200 million to $400 million acquisition of an American energy company.
CBS said that after the buyback, its ratio of total debt to total capitalization plus short-term debt would rise to 66 percent, compared with the 83 percent that CBS says would result from a Turner buyout.
A pill version of the same drug, currently undergoing tests, has been found to shorten the outbreak's duration and, if taken two to five times a day, to stop reoccurrences in two-thirds of the cases.
In other productions, they reversed those roles.
Lawrence H. Lee, whose leadership of Western Airlines is widely credited with reviving the carrier's fortunes, told the company's annual meeting yesterday that he would step down as chairman at the end of the year.
to which the answer is always an enthusiastic yes.
They just contributed to the panic.''
Procter & Gamble, which is fighting product liability suits involving its Rely brand of tampon, says it wants to question the women who participated in the study.
And he was not willing to annoint Mr. Rubin and Mr. Friedman as successors to the dominant positions that he and John C. Whitehead occupied for many years at the firm.
''Another Christmas come, another year gone!''
Company officials identified the chemical as pentaerythritol tetraacrylate, according to The Associated Press.
And so was Jack Pfeiffer, who has been working on recordings with Mr. Horowitz for decades.
The games, Dr. O'Bryan related, were the shooters inspiration.
On Aug. 27 he was admitted to Walter Reed Hospital, where his condition was listed today as stable.
Genstar agreed to buy 27 percent of Canada Trustco Mortgage and said it would offer to buy the rest for $689 million.
She is rightly well-regarded for her business acumen in running a multimillion-dollar organization, as well as for her designing ability.
''I was doing an audit when a police officer came in,'' said Mr. Brewster, ''and I was surprised, I guess, but I think it's a great, fantastic promotion.''
But he wasn't looking for dunks yesterday.
''For this responsibility to have its full stature, there are areas where greater freedom of decision should rest with them.''
''It's very hard to criticize him when he's doing exactly what the Democrats have asked him to do.''
Relatives Start Support Group Nearly two years ago, distraught family members formed the Mutual Support Group for the Appearance Alive of Our Relatives, one of the few human rights groups to survive in Guatemala.
Months before cable turned the skyline of television antennas into empty spider webs, the coming of cable was on everyone's lips.
While he reversed Mr. Watt's practices by reopening the agency's doors to environmental groups and adopting a more conciliatory attitude toward Congress, he seemed to take pains to say and do as little as possible that would attract attention.
Too Soon to Judge, Celeste Says Mr. Celeste, who is expected to seek another term in 1986, said it was too soon to gauge the political effects of the bank crisis.
To find user groups, check bulletin boards at the local computer store, libraries or supermarkets, or read the user group directories in computer magazines.
From there it is two miles to tiny Lamorna, a lovely spot to spend the night.
But for the most part, black campuses, and the current generation of young blacks, have not been noticably active in the South Africa protests.
Her mother, Joan Rader, is a broker with Douglas Elliman-Pickering, a real-estate concern in Greenwich.
One particularly pleasing case is the famous double bloodroot - Multiplex.
In a match between the world's No.
''It is essential to come up with an creative interim step that looks better than the present,'' he said.
Come tomorrow, if you wish, but don't expect me to ask you in.''
''It's just a matter of getting a break again,'' McKenna said, ''if things don't work out.''
The original drawings for the first bear, made by her nephew, Richard, occupy a rather prominent place.
Hereford has too much marbling.
Cover for the Memories Part of the museum will become a restaurant where visitors will pay $75 each to dine among mementos of the two local heroes.
Dr. Grosse was a member of the Government's Manhattan Project that led to production of the first atomic bomb.
But nearly everything in ''Biloxi Blues'' has added depth and heft.
Last week, the Senate rejected a compromise that would have frozen grain subsidy levels for a year and allowed 5 percent cuts thereafter.
and he told me, 'George Bell, but he's hurt, the Phillies don't think he'll ever play again.'
The unit reportedly used Nicaraguan rebels in its operations, according to two of the sources.
At the center of this disorganized panel discussion is a Midwestern college football hero, Jimmy, who is a bland retread of the seminarian of the previous Davis play.
Many of the women in the class nodded in agreement.
In more general terms, Mr. Reagan said today that the Republican negotiators had worked out ''a very good plan'' for reducing the deficit, but the plan for a three-year limit on the cost-of-living increase for Social Security drew criticism.
The Continental Illinois National Bank and Trust Company of Chicago, taking another step toward financial recovery, said today that it would disband the network of banks that helped furnish it with a ''safety net'' to survive the liquidity crisis it suffered in May 1984.
Later generations of British lawyers and legislators not only eliminated the grand jury, but also limited trial by jury to cases involving major crime and to an exceedingly small number of civil matters.
Mr. Vergari, a graduate of St. John's Law School, a former assistant district attorney in Manhattan in the office of District Attorney Frank Hogan and former chief counsel to the State Commission on Investigation, said that Mr. Pickelle was ''groping'' for issues.
Jones will attempt to regain the top spot Sunday when he competes in the London Marathon.
And it was as a passionate painter of Maine - its people and its rugged, sometimes majestic landscape - that Hartley wound up, after many style shifts in a restless, peripatetic career that had begun with European modernism.
Toronto had not won at the Spectrum since Oct. 12, 1980.
Finally, Cindrich and Toon decided to hold a news conference by speaker-phone to explain their side.
For the current 12 months the Japanese are permitted to ship 1,850,000 cars here, which represents something under 20 percent of total sales in the United States.
The Treasury proposal, which is its latest foray in a decade-long controversy, has again aroused strong opposition from multinational companies and their lobbyists.
Safer said, and the redevelopment is moving toward completion.
Carnegie had an antiquated instrument that was quite properly removed.
The session was led by Charles Reinhart, director of the American Dance Festival, and included as panelists the choreographers Laura Dean, Pooh Kaye, David Gordon and Paul Taylor.
On the other hand, Musburger and Parseghian showed no such restraint when it came to praise.
He shot 67 for a 36-hole total of 137, seven under par.
I just felt my mother did something fantastic, and I witnessed it.''
Turner Broadcasting System Inc. says a joint film-distribution venture between Metro-Goldwyn-Mayer and United Artists studios is planned, even after the companies are split.
The local economy, already contracting, declined further.
''We've just needed the one big hit to break open the game,'' Manager Bobby Cox said.
The State Tax Commissioner, Roderick G. W. Chu, said officials were looking into the effective date for the amnesty period, which will occur some time this fiscal year.
No one knew whether Chapline's innovative idea worked.
'Regrettable,' Koch Says Mayor Koch, who most politicians say has gained the most from the Bellamy-Farrell legal struggle, said it was ''regrettable'' that Miss Bellamy and other challengers had put Mr. Farrell and the Council president candidates ''through the expense and time of getting back on the ballot.''
Do I really have to spell out that finances at this time probably won't stretch to pay for it if I do, especially after paying their not inconsiderable fees?
I had the feeling, browsing in the hospitable store, that there is not a book on its shelves or tables that is not of some interest to the serious reader.
Then she offers specific tips about the private and public sources of apartments and how to impress the agencies that control their allocation.
With the wrong one, you'll wrestle.''
The United States Embassy in Moscow is considered a ''hardship post,'' and embassy personnel soon grow used to various forms of surveillance.
There was trouble at Ibnat almost from the start.
Higgleby is trying to get you to tell him what your tax bite is, you see, so he will be able to judge your character.
He says he began playing pickup games ''at the court down the street from my house'' when he was about 9.
The park is being cared for better now than in any of the previous 40 years the writer visited it.
Two of the most prominent coaching shifts involved schools with rabid basketball followings - Kentucky and Arkansas.
In the second period, a pass by Reeves was intercepted by Vito McKeever, the cornerback, who made an 85-yard return for a touchdown.
One is the hullabaloo over the change in the formula of Coca-Cola, which took on the proportions of re-doing the time zones or creating tidal waves.
Volume on the Big Board was 97.9 million shares.
Dr. Anderson is also the chief executive officer of Parkland Memorial Hospital in Dallas, a county-operated facility that has been a prime recipient of patients ''dumped'' by private hospitals for economic reasons.
The Reds have won four in a row and 12 of their last 14 to stay in contention in the National League West.
It's hard to say it was a major the first time it was played back in 1972 at Mission Hills.''
''Words have been pronounced,'' Mr. Craxi continued, ''which I must assume derive from an incomplete evaluation of the facts and the circumstances which the Italian Government had to consider in its line of conduct.''
The dollar was mixed in quiet trading, while the British pound fell sharply.
Livestock and meat prices were higher yesterday on the Chicago Mercantile Exchange.
Currency dealers in New York said that at the outset of trading there was a perception that the dollar would head lower.
That's a business a lot of people wouldn't mind owning.''
Unfortunately, unpublished questions cannot be answered individually.
*3*** COMPANY REPORTS ** View Full Article in Timesmachine »
The walk scored Gary Ward, who had hit a grand slam for the Rangers in the first inning.
And hopefully I'll do a lot of stuff that otherwise wouldn't get done.''
The case eventually was dismissed.
When you leave, by the Jaffa Gate, you feel you have communed, however fragmentarily and fleetingly, with kings and warriors and tyrants and prophets.
But now the sun is rising on the distinctly occidental International Business Machines Corporation, which until last month marketed Epson dot matrix printers disguised with the I.B.M.
Mr. Lorenzo gambled, these sources said, that Mr. Icahn could not reach agreements for wage and benefit concessions from the pilots and mechanics unions, and he kept his offer at $23 a share.
The project, a 599-unit moderate-income condominium at the northwest corner of Central Park at Douglass Circle and 110th Street, a joint private and public venture, failed to get financing earlier this year from the Department of Housing and Urban Development.
Three courses with house wine: $5 to $7.
The informer and agent were posing as mob figures with access to stolen military hardware.
To the Editor: Deregulation has been not a wonderful flight into the wild blue yonder, as characterized by your editorial of Jan. 3, but more a flight to chaos, economic anarchy and social misfortune.
There will also be an open stage where anybody who wants to can come up and sing.
Although Boston's airport is close to downtown, getting there is often frustrating because of traffic jams at the two tunnels under the harbor.
''There are a series of painful votes a number of us have to go through in order to fulfill our part of the bargain,'' said one of the New York members, Thomas J. Downey, Democrat of West Islip, L.I.
Adoption of the guidelines makes the legitimate theater the first and only industry in New York City to be granted such protection.
She cited as influences American soul singers like Marvin Gaye, Bill Withers, and the jazz of Billie Holiday and Nina Simone.
Not only was it the first time in 15 games over an eight-season span that the Hawkeyes lost to Northwestern, but it was their worst defeat of the season.
As to the engine failure, he said, the company cannot ''make a final determination until experts dismantle the engine and examine its parts.''
In 1928, Horowitz and the British conductor Sir Thomas Beecham, both making their Carnegie Hall debuts, wrestled for the entirety of Tchaikovsky's First Piano Concerto.
''You should prepay anything you can in 1985,'' while the deduction is still allowed, Mr. Nad suggests.
The defendant, James Silver, 37 years old, faces up to five years in prison and a $1,000 fine when he is sentenced by Judge Robert Sweet of United States District Court in Manhattan on his plea to a mail fraud count.
A. I wish I knew why they start earlier.
Television's Golden Age From the mid-50's to the mid-60's, Mr. Vidal was exclusively a dramatic writer.
I think it will stay with me forever.''
Miss Garnett, or Prossy as she is affectionately called by the clergyman, is in a bit of a jealous snit, while Candida's husband is anticipating his wife's return with pleasure.
''There's no possiblity of recapturing 100 percent of those losses,'' said Howard D. Samuel, president of the A.F.L.-C.I.O's Industrial Union Department.
The decision today, Mr. Gaus said, means that farmers will not harvest corn or deliver it to official depots for sale.
But he added that all those trades would be canceled by mutual agreement among the exchanges.
Comedy is what they wanted, and I stuck to my shtick.''
At a news conference called hastily after his decision was announced, Mr. Thornburgh said one reason he decided not to challenge Mr. Specter was that he would not receive open support from either President Reagan or Vice President Bush.
However, he did call on the orchestra to take a standing bow, which did not seriously interrupt the action.
We have given information now to our partners at the talks in Geneva, who go and say: Why these radical proposals?
The Virginia race, he added, ''makes it clear that when Democrats address common interests, mainstream concerns of the average American without regard to race or gender, we win.''
(Ages 5 and up) There are some pretty wild spots in the hills of Vermont and New Hampshire.
Maybe there's something frightfully wrong with both of us!'
''I was competing in so many tournaments, and they're team play and not as much fun.
She conducted a fruitless search in the Mercer County Courthouse in Trenton for Sinclair's old tax records and deeds.
Mr. Peres, the officials said, feels that if King Hussein can be induced to come forward into negotiations a ''new dynamic'' will be created that will enable him to get a majority of Israelis behind a negotiating process.
''I would be against any curriculum that was politically oriented,'' he said.
Finally, one can ask, What is time precisely?
Through their acts they were to beome men of true nobility.
''You're starting to see some evidence of his lame duck status, you can sense it on the floor,'' Mr. Dorgan said.
The drug that the two men invented, captopril, was long in the making.
This means smaller classes as well.
Moses Wine himself had been one of the college students determined to save the world from itself.
Also opening today is a smaller exhibition of photographs by Henri Cartier-Bresson that includes portraits of William Faulkner, Andre Malraux, Saul Steinberg, Alexander Calder, Marcel Duchamp, Truman Capote, Katherine Anne Porter and Samuel Beckett.
All are no doubt worthy subjects, but the relationship between education and entertainment is complicated.
We believe, just as I said Saturday morning, that we have an obligation to be of help where we can to freedom fighters and lovers of freedom and democracy from Afghanistan to Nicaragua, and wherever there are people of that kind who are striving for that freedom, and we're going to try to persuade the Congress that we can legitimately go forward, and hopefully go forward on a multiyear basis with the Scoop Jackson plan for trying to bring development and help to all of Central America.
But Rabbi Trainin pointed to the efforts of the Israeli Government and American Jewish organizations in the Ethiopian airlifts as proof that Jews are not racist.
Spending a lunchtime with the nurses of Nine South in the cramped windowless room marked ''Nurses Only,'' one gets a sense of the span of what those needs are.
Like ''The Woman in Red,'' which was based more successfully on a light Gallic comedy, ''The Man With One Red Shoe'' loses a lot in translation.
Do not use a food processor or blender.
Mr. Ruprecht, a vice president of Sotheby's in New York, graduated from the St. Louis Country Day School and magna cum laude from the University of Vermont.
The aim, he said, is to raise capital from a small, private group of people already known to one another without having to go through the full disclosure and registration required of a public offering.
''They are putting up office building after office building.''
Her adult experiences ring true, but the prose feels flat.
For example, about 700 flagmen will no longer be given 90 minutes' pay to clean the wicks and glass of kerosene lamps.
Her mother has been intimate with those who have died, held them in their last moments, prepared them for burial, so that Annie John has a revulsion against being touched by her.
Her major finding is that, under the new law, a woman's standard of living decreases by an average of 73 percent one year after the divorce while that of her former husband increases by 42 percent.
GOLF: Honda Classic, third round, at Coral Springs, Fla. (Television - Channel 4, 5 P.M.) Ladies P.G.A.
At Red Lobster, Charles Tate, formerly vice president-marketing of La Quinta Motor Inns, has been named vice president, director of advertising, replacing Barbara Wells, who was ad director.
In one corner of the campus, a group of 10-year-old girls rode horseback.
asked an early morning jogger doing his stretches at the plaza's railings.
Cuomo proposes in his Jan. 8 State of the State message to the Legislature.
''Before, I was making paintings,'' he has said, describing the turning point in his work in the mid-1960's.
But that still does not make idea of tucking a 19-story tower just behind the facades a comfortable one, or a wise precedent.
His photograph therefore hung with those of other predecessors in the bureau's waiting room.
''The mine is not dead, just in intensive care,'' Antony Penikept, leader of the Yukon government, insisted.
Whether flat-woven or pile, a rug usually has an overall consistency of surface.
Police Comissioner Benjamin Ward said that at no time had the authorities considered granting Mr. Laboy's demand to see the Archbishop, who will be elevated to Cardinal next month.
They said that a protein previously found in a brain disease of animals had been detected in the brains of two patients who died of Creutzfeldt-Jakob disease, one of the most mysterious known human diseases.
Cunningham was named the most valuable offensive player of the benefit game for Shriner children's hospitals that drew an estimated 72,000 fans at Stanford Stadium.
The supply of tax-exempt issues remains heavy, as issuers rush to complete their financings before the end of the year.
For a time, even its slang use carried a connotation of delectability.
''Plus, I was out of shape.''
The silhouette of Lubeck under an ever-changing sky is the one constant visual feature in the ballet.
It includes a law library, conference rooms and dining rooms.
The biggest unknown in Carter's machine is the V-6 Buick engine, being used for only the second year here in the car company's attempt to get into Indy-type racing.
The traditionally strong showing by American golfers may be a thing of the past: This was the second consecutive year a player from the United States failed to win.
''Republicans are caught on the cleft stick of policies of their own Administration, which have caused the crucification of industries, and triggered pressures for a remedy from these traditional Republican constituents,'' said Gary C. Hufbauer, senior fellow at the Institute for International Economics.
Many of us, readers and writers of crime fiction alike, believe an emphasis on the psychology of the investigator is one of the more interesting developments in the field, particularly, as in ''Laguna Heat,'' when hitherto concealed facts from the detective's past curl back upon his present case.
But there is something more nagging at the back of the mind, something missing in our own understanding of our social problems that is sharpened by hearing all this from the other side of the East-West divide.
It took more than three hours to get the blaze under control, authorities said.
The American Stock Exchange index, heavily laden with oil issues, fell 0.02, to 233.19, and in over-the-counter trading the Nasdaq index rose 1.87, to 302.39.
Mr. Philby was later identified as the ''third man'' who tipped off the British Foreign Office ''moles,'' Guy Burgess and Donald Maclean, that the net of evidence against them was tightening.
Also in 1979, the contractor supplied a fun house to Mid-America, where the wheels were removed.
There has been conjecture that Magic Chef Inc. might become a takeover target.
There will also be an enlarged gift shop, reception area, offices and meeting and conference spaces.
Saturday evening will be devoted to entertainment featuring Kapelye, a band that plays klezmer music, the traditional instrumental music of East European Jewry, and Rosalie Gerut, a daughter of survivors, will sing songs of shtetl (village) life, as well as her own compositions.
He said Mr. Leach had not been kept fully informed of his wife's condition or of procedures being carried out on her.
Children's Aid helped find a day-care center for the youngest grandaughter and also arranged for a counselor for the 10-year old, ''who was very disturbed by her mother's death,'' Miss Radwany said.
Edwin LeSchack, a Police Department spokesman, the Brooklyn incident occurred last night at 9:30 P.M. as the mother, Francis Santana, 24 years old, of 39 Kenelworth Street was leaving Brookdale Hospital at Linden Boulevard and Rockaway Parkway with her newborn daughter, Marlene.
Share earnings reflect a 2-for-1 stock split paid on Oct. 15, 1985.
Such cuts would be a giant step toward nuclear sanity, and we should respond positively.
They discourage doctors from some specialties.
It must be recalled that before he became General Secretary, Mr. Gorbachev had party responsibility for agriculture and was able to make little progress.
Mr. Stanley is elated at what he sees as a successful exercise in economic diplomacy.
They said a commander named Katerega Musoke told them his men had broken a cease-fire declared after the coup on July 27, going on the offensive to teach Uganda's new military administration ''a lesson.''
Patricia Ann Frustaci, now 15 weeks old, is the first of three surviving septuplets to leave the hospital.
Old Slip Associates is restoring the old police station with Jacques H. Gerstenfeld, an architect, and the Andros Corporation Mia Associates Inc., a Garden City, L.I., interior design company, is doing the inside restoration that will turn the structure into a modern office building.
The proposal had been scheduled to go into effect Jan. 1, but late this afternoon the board announced it would hold a public meeting Jan. 8 to discuss the large number of comments received about the plan.
A SOLO MALE In contrast to the women's big band, a lone man, Mark Nadler, will perform - play and sing - at the piano in the Five Oaks in Greenwich Village.
The menu is trendy, varied and ambitious, backed up by a kitchen of sporadic competence, as capable of occasional flashes of success as of failure.
Those electing to submit revised versions must do so by Feb. 1.
It had the address of the White House on one side, and on the other the message, ''We demand the immediate release of the fighter for the rights of the American Indians, Leonard Peltier!''
Over a period of two hours, each of the characters achieves an individuality, a fact that is equally attributable to the actresses as it is to the author.
Mr. McFarlane called the report ''absolute nonsense.''
''I liked the first poster better,'' he told the group.
Judge Sand also directed the parties to meet before Feb. 17 ''to exchange informal views'' on possible plans.
The third group, also non-Communist, includes about 5,000 armed followers of Prince Norodom Sihanouk, a former head of state and government.
The United States should maintain its 35-year arms supply role in Jordan, or be prepared in the years ahead to endure a steady, measurable decline in our ability to pursue basic American policy objectives in the Middle East.
I've enjoyed myself every year, but I've enjoyed it more this year, because we're number one.
Other Programs on AIDS Despite NBC's announcement that it would be making the first made-for-television movie about AIDS, ''An Early Frost'' will not be the first television program to deal with AIDS this season.
However, on the nail heads you will seldom need anything wider than a four- or five-inch putty knife.
We face a similar challenge in urban America today, that goes beyond the political fortune of any candidate.
''Raccoons, oppossums, skunks, fox, groundhogs and particularly deer - there's a good variety that we encounter every day.''
After the Romans conquered Britain in 54 B.C., the Channel Island of Guernsey was named Sarnia.
Mr. Reina's testimony was interrupted further by a courtroom conference among defense attorneys, prosecutors and the presiding judge, Marcel Livaudais.
Local governments are increasingly attracted to bond sales in book-entry form, because it eliminates the cost of printing bonds, mailing interest checks and hiring a registrar and transfer agent.
The four were arrested Friday in a nationwide roundup of people suspected of links to terrorist activity.
Here are some other tips for beginners.
While a Congressional delegation from the United States met with Soviet leadership in Moscow, Yarygin and a group of Soviet citizens completed a tour of the United States last night with the purpose of throwing Americans on their backs and pinning them against the ground.
Neither the Giants nor the Jets, despite their losses over the weekend, have been eliminated.
Now time may be running out for a would-be raider, Mr. Bartels said.
Secrecy is most pronounced in research and development, where the ''black'' budget accounts for 20 percent of the $39.3 billion total.
Denver's defense was led by the free safety Steve Tremble, who intercepted three passes for 38 yards.
Small Disk Drive The Apple II is ripe for the $499 disk drive, called Unidisk.
* Life Extension Inc., a management and marketing company for Corporate Health Examiners, a health service company, says its president and chief operating officer, Mark M. Vastola, has also assumed the job of chief executive officer, succeeding Donald R. Dwight.
Another consideration is the audience.
Mr. Pepper's committee will set the terms for the House debate on the tax legislation, specifying precisely which amendments will be in order.
''I have been reluctantly forced to conclude,'' he wrote in 1960, ''that the generation which adopted the Constitution and the Bill of Rights, did not believe in a broad scope for freedom of expression, particularly in the realm of politics.''
Langer and Ken Brown beat Lanny Wadkins and Ray Floyd, 3 and 2, with a splendid finish.
Until Brown University established one, the state, in effect, reserved five seats a year at the University of Vermont.
Previously, financial institutions were more cautious in their lending and investing because they were exposed to the interest-rate risk.
On May 1, unless the plan is blocked by the Federal Communications Commission, A.T.&T.
Jonas Lie's 1913 painting of the digging of the Panama Canal calls upon Watteau, Innis and Monet to help him make his optimistic statement and looks ahead to the grids of Mondrian.
But if - like many of his countrymen - Mr.
He faces a maximum sentence of 25 years in prison.
The host and hostess, Dr. and Mrs. Gorter, bid briskly to slam using a new American convention that they had learned from the Kreyns family.
'Enormous Fluctuations' Some analysts said the currency market reacted late in the trading day to a proposal by the Organization of Arab Petroleum Exporting Countries to drop the dollar as the basis for their crude oil prices because of the ''enormous fluctuations'' in its exchange rate.
The workshop was instrumental in putting together the National Performance Network linking the experimental scenes in 14 cities across the country.
A magnet for philanthropists (they love giving money to parks).
It was first diagnosed as an emotional problem.
Another would grant volunteer firemen a partial exemption on their local property taxes.
Created by Saatchi & Saatchi Compton Inc., it relied on witty, off-camera banter between a husband and wife, plus close-up shots of their hands ''flirting'' in dishwater.
The inn's front hall, with its fanlight, is now done in a charming red and white stenciled wallpaper.
Disputes May End Friendships But it is not simply the birds that sometimes show a tendency toward treachery.
He went on to wage an unsuccessful campaign for governor, but is back at top form, he and his friends say.
The Federal jury in the trial of Gov.
Even the current dangers of writing slightingly about Chiang Kai-shek were dramatically underlined in October by the murder of the Chinese-American journalist Henry Liu in California; members of a powerful criminal syndicate in Taiwan known as the Bamboo Gang are under indictment in the case.
German bank officials said the banks were seeking to improve their position in the emerging market for bank services in China.
Moments after the bout ended, the heavyweight champion talked about how Thomas Hearns ''got tired'' late in the first round.
By his own count Mr. Graham has been an ''intimate'' of seven Presidents.
''He's not talkative, said Fred Nathan, the show's press representative.
Previous Injuries Cited Mr. Miller said previous stone-throwing incidents in the same area had seriously injured Federal officers.
This seems to account for the higher rates for those crimes in southern states than in northern ones.
The authors ignored epidemiologic studies that do not support their hypothesis, or ''reinterpreted'' the results of still others.
In addition, a 9 percent bond due 2005 was offered at 99 1/4 to yield 9.08 and a 9 percent bond due 2010 was offered at 98 1/2 to yield 9.15.
Their quarters were in good order, showing no sign of a struggle.
A new program known as Mobral, which stands for the Movement for Brazilian Literacy, set up offices in almost all of the country's 4,121 municipalities, splashy propaganda supported the campaign and the regime could boast that it was helping the poor.
But we were going to have this experiment of ours.
He did not know how to describe the mood of the work to the actors.
Millions of nervous seniors across the country can only hope she succeeds.
Put the mixture in a mixing bowl.
But the most eagerly awaited new columnist has yet to appear, although Mr. Burgin says he has accepted the job.
Extraordinary Building Site It is impossible to say more, of course, until we have some idea as to whether the buildings are to be of glass or stone or concrete or whatever.
It is disappointing that only 0.9 percent of black freshmen listed college teaching as their tentative occupational goal, but that is almost three times the number of whites with similar interests and nearly five times the national average.
This film has no rating.
The President went on television to announce that being booted out of the Cabinet was a promotion.
The others are Paul Laxalt of Nevada, a close friend of President Reagan, and John P. East of North Carolina, who has been in poor health.
''Just do the best you can.''
He is a snarling drunk, obviously involved in dastardly deeds outside the spooky confines of the inn, which rarely has paying customers.
Stir in corn, peppers and cheese.
In the mid-1960's, Mr. Lange, then a liberal lawyer, was an outspoken critic of the United States involvement in Vietnam.
This stylish, raffish adventure can be seen on Sunday at 5 P.M. on Bravo.
Some here suspect they are in collusion with Government officials.
It offered computer images of rowers, a woman convulsively starting a car, animated masks and figures with disembodied jointed limbs, a little video game flotsam and a few, mostly unreadable words.
''They have not satisfied us yet'' that these conditions are met, he said.
Temperatures yesterday were in the middle 70's, according to the National Weather Service, and are expected to be in the upper 70's to lower 80's today.
The commission prohibited soldiers near polling stations from carrying weapons and decreed that soldiers in uniform would not be allowed to vote or to approach a polling booth.
He added that during the summer his agency was drafting guidelines for dealing with students with AIDS - acquired immune deficiency syndrome -and was almost done in late August when the Federal Centers for Disease Control issued their own guidelines.
Of Isabela's 800 permanent residents, roughly 150 live in a wilderness community called Santo Tomas southeast of Sierra Negra Volcano.
Critics have recourse to the total number of warheads and bombs, a category in which the United States has the lead.
Existing lines now produced at the plants will be transferred to a new plant near Detroit, the company said.
Analysts were unanimous in stressing that the joint communique issued Tuesday by Secretary of State George P. Shultz and Foreign Minister Andrei A. Gromyko dealt only with procedures for future talks and did not directly address the enormous differences between the United States and Soviet positions on a variety of political and military issues.
Answer: The purpose of language, of which capitalization is a part, is to differentiate and specify.
He said that the transaction was expected to close on Jan. 1.
So far, both advocates and opponents of women's rights to have abortions have demonstrated distinct strategic styles.
The police identified the four foiled kidnappers as Vice Consul Angel Alberto Leon Cervantes; Abelardo Lopez Hernandez and Ramon Burroto Chavez, clerks, and Ventura Ventura Torrientes, a teacher.
The United States has been more interested in sending exhibitions and performing arts companies as well as scholars in the social sciences to tudy Soviet society.
He said the Buildings Department had already inspected 80 sites and shut down three in Manhattan where serious safety violations had been found.
Link to Accord With Bonn Britain's assent is seen as vital if the United States is to conclude a similar agreement with West Germany.
''Shoah,'' opening today at the Cinema Studio (Broadway and 66th Street), will be presented in two parts, which is the way I saw it and which neither lessens its power nor exhausts the audience.
Though the virus invades motor neurons or nerve cells in the anterior horn - the front part of the spinal cord that controls motor functions - not all nerve cells are destroyed.
The gift from Mr. Getty, according to The Globe, was designed to underwrite their legal expenses.
After warming himself by the fire, according to accounts handed down by family members, Santa would sit and tell of his travels, striving valiantly to disguise his distinctly Missourian accent.
The playwright and the director did not get on.
*3*** COMPANY REPORTS ** View Full Article in Timesmachine »
At worst, your reporting displays a callous disregard for an individual's right to freedom of speech.
The conflict began on a consumer level, when owners of the antennas, which cost $1,500 and more, discovered that their investments would not necessarily give them free access to the programming that satellites relay to cable operators.
Mark checks ''Colombia Disaster Fund.''
In recent seasons, the semiannual showings in Paris (and in Rome at Valentino) have attracted more and more international customers.
Apparently investors overcame their initial apprehension.
All are in a small college town.
''We're trying to alert senior citizens on Long Island that these dogs are available for companionship, and for assistance if loss of hearing has become a problem,'' she said.
Italy's President asked the caretaker Prime Minister to form a new Government four days after his five-party Government fell over its handling of the episode.
''Aerodynamically,'' Mr. Smith said, ''this grouping of sails allowed rapid maneuvering and increased speed, especially if the mizzen sail was trimmed to spill wind into the main.''
After all, Philadelphia is closer than the Hamptons.''
Gooden, who said it was ''tough to breathe,'' was solidly on his way to winning his first game in two weeks, and the Mets were rolling toward their eighth victory in a row, an 11-2 blowout of the Cincinnati Reds at Riverfront Stadium in 90-degree weather.
Kenneth Booze and Leland Fasion, both 20, were injured Saturday afternoon.
However, he said it was his personal opinion that the Pentagon efforts were damaging American interests by inhibiting the free exchange of ideas.
In addition to being somewhat countercyclical, analysts say, Southdown oil and gas and cement businesses are complementary since one of the company's chief products is cement that can be poured down drilling holes to keep the side of the shaft from collapsing.
The Runnin' Rebels of the University of Nevada-Las Vegas ran furiously against Utah State Wednesday night.
Aren't most of them dads, just like most of those far-seeing, fun-loving Congressmen who have already O.K.
Mr. Canty at one time had said he was willing to testify before the second grand jury without immunity, but he changed his mind after he and his family received more than 50 death threats, Mr. Morgenthau said.
- Payton (1,470), Suhey (425)1,895 Atlanta - Riggs (1,561), Archer (312)1,873 S.F.
This 1957 album also offers a good, solid conducting job from Mr. Sawallisch, in the Bohm mold but more relaxed for the love music and less quick and high-powered for the passion.
He was satisfied, the owner said, with the way Rickey Henderson and Dave Winfield were being treated for their injuries.
All would be consolidated within two almost-contiguous wilderness tracts.
* As was true with the arrest of Mr. Walker, most espionage arrests are a result of chance.
It makes one wonder if eventually Yankee players will wear uniform numbers preceded by (718) because the Yankees have run out of numbers.
Metropolitan A man has attacked nine women at knifepoint in five midtown Manhattan office buildings since June 11 and has sexually assaulted five of the victims, the police announced.
When political scientists look back at the Reagan Presidency, I think one quality will dazzle them more than any other.
A Rolls-Royce can live alone, but a high-end system can't - it will be working in a maze of networks.''
England is a dull country without television commercials, suitable only for daydreams about meeting Princess Di.
The ''Live Aid'' concerts raised from $20 million to more than $50 million in pledges, sales and sponsorships for famine relief to be sent to several African countries.
It was found that nature's balance could be restored by simple biological processes as effectively and with less damage to the environment as complex engineering designs - and at lower cost.
At Alice Tully Hall, Lincoln Center, as part of the 23d New York Film Festival.
Suspicion focuses on the political camp of Alderman Edward R. Vrdolyak, the county Democratic Party chairman, who is expected to challenge Mr. Washington in the 1987 mayoral election.
The Women's Tennis Association is offering college correspondence courses to help players further their education.
''But he cannot be expected to come to a table when there is an inbalanced climate established - one side is expected to concede something before he even starts.''
When asked about some of his long attempts that fell either short or long of the intended receiver, Simms said, ''I really didn't have a good view.''
A year ago, I would have panicked for four days thinking about a start like this.
''Instead of this nonsense,'' he told himself, ''why don't we get together some of the heavy hitters in the city and build a reserve fund?''
Mr. Malkovich is one who holds to that theory.
''Already I am selling these at a discount for less than what it costs to paint the plates,'' Mr. Rubi said.
Wednesdays through Sundays at 7:30 P.M. through March 24.
He never left, becoming its caretaker.
Soak the chickpeas overnight in cold water to cover.
Only one player welcomed me.
Street peddlers, gypsies and people in punk clothing ply their wares, shoulder to shoulder, along the Ribera.
In the drug revelations of recent years, there has been a demand from some citizens and from more than a few Platos of the sporting press to ''hang 'em high.''
It will continue to play through Feb. 23 in Lindenhurst.
But there are also occasions when the stage seethes with the conflict of impassioned, literally life-and-death argument.
''I think it must be clear now that whoever told them there would be bodies there must be lying.
Metropolitan A statewide police inquiry is set, Governor Cuomo announced.
While the text remains unsullied in the most recent edition of the story, illustrated by Lisbeth Zwerger (Picture Book Studio), she too secularizes the original by failing to depict the denouement.
'' The Phillips portrait sold for much more, for about $10,000 to Alice Kaplan, another major collector, and others have recently sold for much higher prices.
But it will be a disgrace if Martina and Pam lose to those two guys.''
Gross's autopsy report by making it appear that the bullet had indeed gone straight back.
But I have a question.
Mr. Firth had seven weeks and $850,000 to make ''Sylvia,'' and he says he wishes the film could have spanned more of her life.
Avoid cleaning up around the base of these plants.
But memories of their severe slump of the early 1980's are still vivid, and the Big Three are embarking on a flurry of acquisitions at home and abroad - particularly in the United States, where their combined sales already near $8 billion.
Ground fighting has been inconclusive, but Iraq has many more combat-worthy aircraft than Iran.
The economy over all may also be slowing down.
There are reported to be disagreements over what is a safe site.
Optioned Scott Bradley, catcher, to Columbus of the International League.
The American Federation of Teachers ended a three-day conference here today, remaining opposed to the testing of experienced teachers but indicating a new willingness to examine both sides of the issue.
''With regard to forecasting changes in a hurricane's intensity, we essentially have no skill at all today,'' he added.
At the end of the visit there are three impressive brick-faced mausoleums, pedimented like three miniature temples, their elegance in contrast with the more humble graves.
They chided Brown for denouncing the investigators with obscenities that were quoted in an with Sports Illustrated.
The Mayor's plan was designed as a compromise between his two earlier plans - the so-called green-stripe proposal that would have created a category of taxi allowed to pick up passengers north of 96th street in Manhattan and in the outer boroughs and deliver them anywhere and a proposal to double the number of medallions by giving every owner of a medallion another one.
The proceeds from the song on the album will also be contributed to the foundation.
Syracuse 34, Kent St. 0 SYRACUSE (AP) - The cornerback David Lee scored from the 3 with a recovered punt that he and the linebacker Jerome Hall blocked for a 10-0 lead.
The old auditorium is so vast that it can contain this foreign object, as big as a building, without seeming to blink an eye.
Imports found to be counterfeit would be seized.
''Very funny,'' says Mrs. Waldron.
After the shootings, seven blacks deemed to be stooges of white rule were killed and burned to death in the nearby township of Kwanobuhle, seeming to make into an institution the form of retribution that is widely known in black townships these days as a ''Kentucky,'' after the fried chicken of that name.
To him, winning was an attitude, a state of mind.
The entire scenario was permeated with tension, whereas such a train ride should present an opportunity for relaxation, reading and for some contemplation.
Travelers generated $28 billion in business within the state last year, according to the State Department of Commmerce.
Even the Evanston Post Office got into the act, offering a special cancellation, depicting the garage sale logo: several members of a family, including a dog, on their way to the garage with household goods to sell.
He also said the company was ''not supportive'' of the rating system.
Spokesmen for CBS and ABC said the I.A.A.F.
When you degrade him, you're not degrading a basketball player; you're degrading a man.''
In other major awards, Leonard Bernstein received the Gold Medal for music from his fellow composer, William Schuman, who said Mr. Bernstein's compositions - which span musical comedy, ballet, symphonies and religious works - had entered ''the mainstream of American music.''
The House would have banned such tests as long as the Soviet Union refrains from similar tests.
Specialists suggested ways to resolve the problem by busing private school pupils to public schools for after-school instruction or delegating instruction to private contractors.
The physician, Dr. Philip G. Prioleau, who performed the surgery last Thursday, said the tumor was similar to but much further advanced than one removed from President Reagan's nose last week.
Another said he saw a role for the artificial heart as a permanent mechanism.
Some Canadians will probably say they don't care for our sympathy.
Gen. Shuichi Miyazaki, a senior operations officer, told other generals: ''By pouring 20 divisions into the battle within two weeks of the enemy's landing, we will annihilate him entirely and insure a Japanese victory.''
He called for a volunteer spirit for people to help the needed ''on a personal basis.''
- Local rates for residences, often called the basic monthly charge, would be broken into two parts and changed.
He said he would ask the student: ''Do you think a client understands what you just said?''
Their capital spending has dropped by $100 million because construction on their new aspartame plant is done.''
Lines Are Somewhat Blurred When the plane first landed at Beirut Airport, the hijackers, apparently aided by confederates on the ground, unloaded as many as a dozen passengers said by other travelers to have been picked out because they had military or diplomatic identification papers or ''Jewish-sounding names.''
Instead of redesigning the school, a process that might have taken two years, the board chose to proceed on the basis of change orders to update individual design items.
After the financing is completed, both issues will be backed by an escrow account of Treasury securities, and are expected to be rated triple A.
This is the second time the games have been held in the United States.
On the other, the involvement of the church's highest day-to-day authority in the acquisition of such papers suggests that the collection was of more than academic interest.
But this is a full-length, factual book by a man who has already done books on Bollinger, the Champagne house, and on Chateau Mouton-Rothschild and Chateau Lafite-Rothschild.
You can spend the summer lounging about on the patio, admire the foliage in the fall, or watch from the window as the snow drifts along the edge of the drive in winter.
Following is a chronology of those flights and the local times that they occurred: xhrrFriday 10:10 A.M.
Both policemen were fingerprinted, booked and held overnight in cells at the 112th Precinct station house for arraignment today.
MORE unlicensed peddlers are clogging the streets of Manhattan and shopping strips in the Bronx, Brooklyn and Queens this year than in past years, according to the Police Department.
The system computers are also programmed to determine which city's police, fire, or ambulance unit should respond.
In addition, Mr. Gandhi said India had put pressure on the Tamil guerrilla groups to stop using southern India as a sanctuary and supply base for their insurgency.
Crisis in the Industry Mr. Helms's tobacco bill seeks to resolve a crisis in the industry by arranging for the sale of $3 billion of stored but deteriorating tobacco to tobacco companies, possibly at a price as low as 10 cents on the dollar; lowering the tobacco price support levels by about 18 percent; giving companies some say in how much tobacco can be grown each year, and having the companies split the cost for the subsidy program that is now paid for by the growers alone.
The San Francisco Giants are batting .213, the worst average in the majors, which helps explain why they have been shut out nine times, the worst total in the majors, and why through Thursday's play they had scored only 6 runs in 82 innings.
New York Telephone went through a similar six-month trial, but abandoned its service, Phone-A-Friend, after the trial period ended last year.
*3*** COMPANY REPORTS ** View Full Article in Timesmachine »
with more hoopla than Patrick Ewing does now, but Bill Walton put together only one and a half great seasons.
BEYOND HUMAN SCALE The Large Corporation at Risk.
Handel and Bach, those twin peaks of the Baroque, sum up the problem.
Moreover, choose a broker willing to develop an entire financial strategy, not one who gives only isolated recommendations.
official, who asked not to be identified, said, ''We are going to be doing everything we can to get patients into the hands of physicians who get good results.''
Like ready-to-wear, both short and long skirts were represented, though knee lengths were in the ascendancy.
With rates much higher today, those once very profitable mortgages have become a drag on earnings.
But the Mets were wary: They faced another rookie, Bob Kipper of the Pittsburgh Pirates, in Sunday's game in Shea Stadium and got only two hits in eight innings.
A logical step for a Broadway producer with a social con science that constantly permeates conversation, a Broadway producer who complains about the self-absorption of theater people, might be to bring his organizational skills to a Bradley Presidential run in 1988 or 1992.
Wieninger's Goat Products, Sally Wieninger, Star Route, Box 106, Hunter, N.Y. 12442; 518-263-4772.
We cut the line because it didn't work, but I felt strongly that the analogy was an element I wanted in the play.
Fact knowledge can be ''globally'' knocked out, whereas skill knowledge cannot.
Many recent articles and guidebooks point out that the prices for many goods in Hong Kong - perhaps most notably cameras, watches and electronic goods - are no longer great bargains.
Although I knew better, of course, what I expected deep down was to drive not just 2,000 miles west to a different world but to drive back a century into the world of Street & Smith's Wild West Weekly or to Jack Schaefer's world of Shane.
SUCH discordant voices make clear that the bipartisan approach to antitrust law and enforcement that prevailed in much of the 1960's and 1970's has collapsed.
His record was 18-12 in '84.
Mr. Nixon is the first former President to refuse Federal protection.
She listens attentively, then performs a sexual act according to his instructions.
But educators and native Hawaiians are concerned that the language might be fading, and they fear that the islands could lose a critical link to the past.
Now Mrs. Hazen could win, cash the heart queen and lead a spade to end-play East and make her game.
''They just told me we have to go with what we have,'' Coles said.
Referring to the need to improvise in the program because of the hurricane, Arthur Schlesinger Jr., co-chairman of the Four Freedoms Foundation and the master of ceremonies, proclaimed at the outset, ''If there was anything F.D.R.
''It paints a picture that is not as accurate as it should be.''
Now, he works on a fee basis, counseling developers seeking capital for projects and institutional investors looking for real-estate holdings.
Those instructions were sent out from Marine Corps headquarters here last month after the killings this summer of a Navy diver aboard the Trans World Airlines plane hijacked to Beirut and of four Marine embassy guards in El Salvador.
A hearing is scheduled in Federal District Court in Manhattan Wednesday on a lawsuit, filed by GAF Monday, seeking to have Carbide's stock buyback plan blocked.
'Tough Choices Ahead' ''We've got some tough choices ahead,'' said Senator Ted Stevens, Republican of Alaska, chairman of the subcommittee that appropriates money for the military.
The judge also ordered the children and parents to meet with a psychologist Monday.
Its political action committee is called WAND PAC.
He accused the Justices of failing to recognize that Judeo-Christian values are intimately entwined with American democracy and said the Reagan Administration would seek to nullify the effect of the Court's decision limiting public aid to parochial schools.
Listen to the text inside your head.
''It can get pretty strong.''
A gossipy account of the lives of the British royal couple.
Drive - Closed southbound from Third Avenue bridge to 62d Street exit, 8:30 to 10:50 A.M. Queensboro Bridge - Upper level closed eastbound, 9 to 11:30 A.M. Brooklyn-Queens Expressway _ Closed southbound from Flushing Avenue to Belt Parkway exit, 10 A.M. to 1:30 P.M. Belt Parkway - Closed eastbound from Brooklyn-Queens Expressway to Fourth Avenue exit, 10:30 A.M. to 1:30 P.M. Staten Island Ferry - No vehicular traffic, 11 A.M. to 3 P.M.
It's a job I love because this is a city that I love.
''The Flaxfield'' is a worthy movie but, with one exception, there's scarcely an image in it that one has not anticipated.
In order to create a new image for its public relations organizations, Doremus & Company, the largest of the Wall Street ad agencies, is bringing in Richard B. Truitt from Carl Byoir & Associates to assume the new title of president on Sept. 1.
Mark Miller, a respected pioneering hybrid planter and wine maker who with his wife, Dene, in 1957 bought his vineyard in Marlboro, offered an assessment: ''The prospects of making good wine that will have a place in a serious cellar are limitless.
The Celtics struggled throughout the entire first half with only Larry Bird and Kevin McHale on target.
Florida has oranges and stone crabs, New York, lox and bagels.
Forty-four percent of those polled at that time identified with the Democrats.
Cameron Charles Johann as Evan is a boy whose deepening understanding of his father, even of the father's weakness, makes him anxious to reveal his own small weaknesses to him.
Last year, he replaced Alain Savary, an educational progressive, in the wake of storms of protest against efforts to extend modest state controls over the Roman Catholic parochial schools.
The units run from $84,900 to $94,900.
''Listen to your Uncle Miltie, and kiss Mommy and Daddy good night and go straight upstairs like good little boys and girls.''
''But I want to do it consistently.
In Mr. Pierce's possession at the time of his arrest Dec. 6, 1983, was a neo-Nazi newsletter with photographs of him as a security guard in a Nazi-style uniform with a pistol prominently displayed, said Robert Linnell, assistant United States attorney at Yakima, who prosecuted the 1983 case.
I realized that annuals were the backbone of my garden.
''If he wants to do something, he can do it,'' the adviser went on, dismissing assertions that Mr. Arafat had to deal with conflicting demands from a varied constituency.
Francoise Grossen works in heavy hempen ropes.
That overshadowed the report that the basic money supply rose by $200 million in the latest reporting period, slightly less than expected.
* * Never pass the chimney through a combustible wall or ceiling without special connections and clearance.
The diplomats have been described by Israeli Government sources as Mr. Pollard's contacts.
Mrs. Alford has been told she will have to leave the shelter on Jan. 2 to make room for others.
We are taking steps to deal with that.
Sheldon Wallau was best man for his brother.
Christophe de Menil, an art collector and fashion designer, gave the party in her East Side town house, which has a lap pool on the ground floor.
So she has traveled to California and New York for help.
Paul Hasagen, a 34-year-old member of the Fire Department's Rescue One unit, raced to the scene from midtown, donned a wet suit, a face mask and an oxygen tank, and dived toward the helicopter, which had been submerged for several minutes by then.
Sitting out a season as a red-shirt player does not count as participation.
Cedar Point has 55 major rides.
The Inkspots touched the popular taste with their spoken vocals and singing choruses of such numbers as ''If I Didn't Care'' and ''Don't Get Around Much Any More.''
Smith won the invitational 100-meter dash in 10.29 seconds and the 200 in 20.53.
Frankly, I'm not sure I've got 25 years to spare.
What we are capable of when we learn to draw on all of our strengths to deal with all of our vulnerabilities.
But you win a Heisman, you get all that pub.
Couponing is still the No.
The Korean carpenters used nothing but traditional Japanese tools, and built with cedar, oak, walnut, teak and many other woods.
The Joint Economic Committee estimates that the loss will increase by $40 billion each year - $4 billion more than the mandated annual deficit reductions - until 1991.
In the late 1960's, when camping was a craze, it was easy for an outdoorsman like Skip Yowell to become an entrepreneur in spite of himself.
The robbers tied up Mr. Irizarry and Mr. Fox and ransacked the apartment.
Instead, there is the threat of Soviet military might, he said, warning, ''That aspect is of prime importance.''
And their work happens to be - though presumably not because they remained abstractionists - the most impressive here.
It is still under way.
Mrs. Lee-Miller said Mrs. Mecklenburg had resigned for several reasons, including ''aspersions'' cast on her work, unsubstantiated allegations about her official travel and ''family pressures'' that resulted from her husband's illness.
Mr. Wasserman and his three closest executives - Sidney J. Sheinberg, the 50-year-old president and Mr. Wasserman's heir apparent, Mr. Price and Thomas Wertheimer, a vice president - operate from antique-filled 15th-floor offices at MCA's corporate headquarters in Los Angeles.
Jewelry was strongly stated, especially at the neck and ears.
It runs from 7 P.M. to midnight tonight, 3 P.M. to midnight tomorrow and Sunday, and 3 to 11 P.M. on Monday.
''And this is the last of them to be dealt with.''
A few problems remain, however.
But for Lou Piniella, it must be comforting to know that George Steinbrenner thinks so highly of him that someday he might attain the stature of being dismissed.
Mr. Aliyev repeated the Soviet Union's readiness to open talks immediately on a universal test ban treaty, and called for a moratorium on NATO medium-range missile deployments in Europe to match the freeze Mr. Gorbachev has announced on Soviet medium-range deployments until November.
In Miss Hale's adaptation, the audience is then told that Ichabod Crane was found, went on to study law, as did Irving, and then became ''Justice of the 10-pound court,'' a local small-claims court.
The ratings showed that Bridgestone Tire Company's 147V-70 had the poorest rating of 80 or a projected lifetime of 16,000 miles.
John Weitz was there, musing on the absence of the usual fashion brigade, which has rushed off to France.
In 1935, the British Parliamentarian Harold Hales donated a lavish sterling silver and gold trophy as a symbol of the Blue Riband.
and then lives out the rhetorical question as if it were a credo.
Born in 1928 in Sichuan Province .
Mr. McManus, who is rumored to be a personal favorite of Mr. Grunwald's, has already served his stint.
Operating from makeshift command posts, the specialists take air samples and consult every few minutes with meteorologists and emergency officials.
If there is sufficient interest in one career, Mrs. Noheimer said, the career services office can arrange for an alumnus to visit the campus and speak to a group at a dormitory or in the student center.
Those who attend performances of dance, music and theater, poetry readings and art exhibits at Dance Theater Workshop today find a welcoming second-floor theater that seats 150.
More than 40 countries sent delegates to swearing- in ceremonies for President Daniel Ortega Saavedra, the Sandinista leader, but Cuba's Fidel Castro, a surprise guest, was the only foreign head of government to attend.
Indeed, Parcells said the reason he failed to activate Haynes for the last two games is because, in the coach's opinion, the cornerback was not in playing shape.
Republicans, Democrats and the White House were deadlocked over the budget.
Vice Adm. John M. Poindexter, President Reagan's new national security adviser, made a swing through Central America today, including a stop here to plead with the Honduran military to permit the transit of aid to Nicaraguan rebels.
As a 21-year-old rookie for most of that year, she won nine tournaments, including five in a row that made her the biggest name in women's golf.
A Syrian spokesman had announced that the crisis was ending happily because of the efforts of President Hafez al-Assad, and Vice President Bush had planned to fly to West Germany to meet the hostages.
But the park is not just the Greenmarket.''
Daniel F. Annan, deputy chairman of Ghana's ruling military council, said, ''We believe that in addition to the economic pressure that sanctions would exert on the South African administration, they would also be symbolic of the unwillingness of the international community to underwrite that country's arrogant racism in any form.''
But for the former residents, the ordeal continues.
Counting the neighboring 130-pound junior lightweights and 140-pound junior welterweights, the 135-pound lightweight division has the highest concentration of both talent and marquee value.
One symbol of the renewed confidence is the conversion of a two-story former bank at the corner of Port Richmond and Post Avenues into the corporate home of Everything Yogurt, a national chain of 50 shops featuring frozen yogurt and other health-food specialties.
This makes the second summit as important as the first -and probably more so.
The evidence appeared irrefutable and stark: four buildings on West 44th Street that were intact one evening last January had been reduced overnight by a wrecking crew to a scarred and rubble-choked ruin.
It was a fabulous sight, like 1,500 tiny seeds.
Since then, affirmative action has proven its worth, using the leverage of Federal contracts and public investment to create equal job opportunities and thus translate the dreams of the civil rights struggle into reality.
Industry executives, however, voiced another view.
''Dole has always been a fighter for Kansas.
He joined the centrist Social Democrats when the party was founded in 1981.
Others require that the glass be completely replaced when the seal has developed a leak.
Miss Holtzman calls the accusations ''false and defamatory,'' and yesterday, in State Supreme Court in Brooklyn, she began but then abandoned an attempt to have the portions of the conversation containing the accusations kept out of the trial.
I'm more concerned with language and tone than with finding the perfect thing a 60's hippie would be wearing now.''
in five starts against St. Louis.
Michael Deaver, who'll soon be leaving for private public relations, is likely to be within a few blocks.
Mr. Peel also said he had not known at the time that a passenger had been killed and the body thrown onto a runway at the Beirut airport on Saturday.
New York: Ticknor & Fields.
The great attention paid to the test, indeed the presence of Mr. Fabius at the scene, was undoubtedly a result of what has come to be known here as the Greenpeace affair - the intense political scandal that followed the sinking by French agents of a ship belonging to the environmentalist group Greenpeace just before it was to lead a seaborne protest against the French nuclear tests in July.
I Am a Camera Starring Julie Harris, Laurence Harvey, Shelley Winters; directed by Henry Cornelius, 1955 Monterey Home Video 99 minutes.
b-After a pretax writeoff of $163 million for the quarter and year.
They said Dr. Bailey exhibited ''wishful thinking'' in considering Baby Fae's immune system to be immature.
The Americans have urged the Japanese to revise fundamental economic policies that they believe impede access to Japan's markets.
In 1967, Thomas J. Fleming wrote in The Book Review that ''readers white and black may find either hope or terror.
In a political sense, we live in a world in which domestic affairs no longer can be insulated by foreign policy.
The Federal Government can, however, help state and local governments to do things that will make a difference.
ITT, meanwhile, said it did not believe a rumor reported by Reuters that the Pritzkers were planning a bid for the company.
Collins, then 22 years old, was battered in the fight by the usually light- hitting Resto and suffered eye injuries that, according to his father, prevented him from continuing his career.
The Lebanese Government has had little to say about the Beirut hostage crisis.
He became an honorary citizen of the village in 1968.
''Either that, or wear the cast for a month.''
Therefore, it was with a sad heart that I placed the call, wondering how we would tell her of our mutual decision that she stay home for Christmas.
Mr. Reagan's stools were tested for blood as part of a standard physical checkup last March.
The most conspicuous and controversial element in the new system is that it virtually guarantees a significant bloc of seats in the Parliament that will be elected a year from now for the National Front, the highly nationalistic, anti-immigration rightist party led by Jean-Marie Le Pen.
Dinner pants have a checked stripe down the side instead of ribbons.
''He's done a lot of good things with the company.
The Boilermakers (13-4, 4-3) rallied from 8 points down midway through the final period with Steve Reid, its top scorer for the night, on the bench with four fouls.
Mr. Okita, a former Foreign Minister, met with American officials in Washington and came home this week warning that they had grown increasingly impatient with what they viewed as Japan's reluctance to open its markets to imports.
A running joke in these parts contends there are two seasons in the upper Adirondacks, winter and Fourth of July.
Mr. Giamatti said that as president, he had not had time to write the major work on the Renaissance, as he had planned, and that he had been unable to teach his specialty.
The vessel was built in Glasgow for British use at the peak of trans-Atlantic travel and was later sold to the Canadian Pacific Railway.
In the 1950's, with television beginning to supplant radio, Mr. Downey became less active as an entertainer.
Gulf & Western said this year's second quarter and first-half results include two months operations of Prentice-Hall Inc.
About 50,000 to 100,000 women around the country, perhaps 40,000 in New York alone, may now harbor the AIDS virus.
* Singer Company, Stamford, Conn., said its Link Simulation Systems division had received a $30.8 million contract to produce training systems for use by the Army.
WESTERN SAN FRANCISCO 49ERS The defending league champions and winners of two of the last four Super Bowls, the 49ers are clearly the best team in the league.
The photographer, Gary Whelpley, whose beard kept changing color throughout the tape, tries to make the teaching of how to shoot with available light easy, through understatement.
He is our moral conscience, extracted from us as spectators so that, for the duration of the fight, ''conscience'' is not a factor in our experience; nor is it a factor in the boxers' behavior.
Why should a meeting between President Reagan and Mikhail S. Gorbachev in Geneva affect the literary politics of Peredelkino?
The city's 1.25 million-volume public library is a regional research facility and its museum, across Washington Street from Washington Park, contains a renowned collection of American and Tibetan art.
Mr. Cummings says that the games are ''a great release from stress,'' but town residents who oppose the games, including Robert E. Moore and Susan Zahner of Cider Mill Road disagree.
Demonstrating the wine's reputation, in a letter opposing the petition, Mr. May quoted from a 1982 newspaper article: ''It was the Heitz Martha's 1974 that the White House chose to accompany President Reagan to Paris to be served at a state dinner at the American Embassy during the European summit conference last June.''
On Oct. 2, she said, things began to change when Helen Suzman, a longtime campaigner against apartheid, came to visit.
Whether a co-op board is made up of green recruits or seasoned campaigners, housing experts say, it is a good idea to have a well-rehearsed checklist of questions to ask when a management company's sales representative comes calling.
The union has demanded voluminous documentation regarding the financial affairs of the company, which filed for protection from creditors under Chapter 11 of United States Bankruptcy Code on April 28.
The committee will start next week with a set of propositions described by its chief counsel, Joseph K. Dowley, as ''the chairman's view of what are likely areas where consensus can be found.''
Asked if that included the sort of benign polyp found in Mr. Reagan last year, Dr. Holleb said: ''I think you have to leave that up to the doctor and the patient.
The goaltender's job, as difficult as it is, should not be so complicated.
That meant redesigns that could cost several hundred thousand dollars, or more.
One ''leans,'' so to speak, on the strong syllable of a word, especially if that word comes at a point of arrival (the end of a clause, phrase or sentence).
''Different people are moving in here now,'' she said.
Fiddling with a thick log in the fireplace, he made it flare up quickly - more a countryman's than an author's fire.
Onstage, there is a strategically placed plant behind which Susie or Calhoun can hide.
A defense lawyer, Jay Goldberg, said in his summation on Tuesday that the Government had presented a ''tortured, artificial construction of the facts.''
''Within 15 or 18 moves, he had me so bad that I figured I could play a few more moves.
For young men in this country, the dream usually means graduating from a good college, joining a prestigious corporation, working one's way up the ladder and waiting for retirement.
The shibboleth that the free market solves all economic problems also lost its luster, and the United States has agreed to cooperative intervention on currencies.
''Everybody ran out in such a hurry nobody knows for sure who was left behind.''
Having made, and lost, the first of these points, the United States now merely asserts the others, and thumbs its nose at the Court.
The dollar retreated sharply late yesterday as new evidence of sluggish economic growth in the United States raised expectations of further declines in American interest rates.
Last week, Mrs. Torres chatted with neighbors in front of her building while two of her children played in a lot nearby and her youngest, five-year-old Jacqueline, was running and giggling up the street.
Most are unwilling to go back under current company terms, which would not restore their seniority and other rights.
A few years later he joined Cunningham & Walsh, founded in 1950 out of the reorganized Newell & Emmett, itself founded in 1911.
The Chateau de Grezan has suites for two to four people for about $230 to $270 a week, according to season; a wing with four bedrooms, drawing room and kitchen is about $600 a week at the Chateau de Thaumiers, while a suite for three or four people is about $60 to $70 a night, including breakfast.
They stroll, confident and serene, as the guardians of a decorum that has not changed.
There are scholarly industries devoted to showing his concerns with numerology, to his love of the most literal kind of picture painting in tone and to the tradition of hermeneutics, or biblical interpretation.
''Our graduates have learned more than thermodynamics,'' he said.
Some Moratorium Foes Intrigued The Soviet offer has intrigued some Administration officials who do not favor a moratorium.
If men and women are streaming into the food service sector, why can't they find someone who knows how to make a pizza with sausage that's as well done as the crust?
The effect, he said, had been to increase the rate of inflation and reduce the flow of resources into developing nations and this had created ''a debt problem which in time acquired crises proportions.''
The institute, which is to rededicate its renovated library on Friday, plans to tear down part of the renovations before the ceremony.
Similarly, homosexuals, hermaphrodites and transvestites bear the burden of desires we fear in ourselves.
Brooklyn Center for the Performing Arts at Brooklyn College, Whitman Hall, Flatbush and Nostrand Avenues, Brooklyn.
Paul J. Isacsson, executive vice president at Young & Rubicam, had the same reaction: ''It has good credentials.
For example, rules violators would still be punished.
Sometimes the resulting abnormality can be corrected surgically.
Because the Joyce lacks an orchestra pit, it will be danced to a recording.
Every year, Peggy McGarrahan, the director, and her volunteers add plants.
He was improbably lithe, balletic and mature, and distractingly hyperactive.
In unhappy marriages, the wives no longer seemed willing to play this role, according to Dr. Gottman.
If it weren't for her, I'd still be writing for that radio show.''
Championship, the United States Open and the Canadian du Maurier Classic.
The Haunted Castle had no sprinklers or alarms.
''In fact, it's probably true to say they actively discouraged me.''
Another New Yorker, Elizabeth Reese, ''used to go out to movies twice a week'' but said, ''Now I go out once every two weeks, if that often.''
And finally, at least on the night I was there, there was music played by two ancient toothless men with crude, handmade drums and steel horns.
A Houston businessman, Cecil Haden, ranked third in individual expenditures: he spent $40,386 to promote Mr. Reagan's re-election.
AT 2:18 A.M. on March 14, 1982, at a Long Island Rail Road grade crossing on Herricks Road in Mineola, an onrushing train collided with a van with 10 teen-agers inside.
Among the new members there is general agreement that the budget deficit has to be reduced and there is support for an across-the-board freeze, including the military budget.
She is still in a coma, from which doctors say she will never emerge.
Two, they don't - or can't - throw deep.
The underwriters are led by Morgan, Stanley & Company.
Weinberger Names Commission Defense Secretary Caspar W. Weinberger said last month that Mr. Walker and his associates ''should be shot'' if convicted.
But William Lilley 3d, a senior vice president of CBS, disputed that interpretation.
Despite increased Saudi sales and demands for higher production quotas from the six OPEC members, world oil prices remain firm.
A Piece of the Action However, Mr.
The investigation apparently centers on trading in the stock of the Puritan Fashions Corporation, which has since been acquired by Calvin Klein, the fashion designer, and is no longer publicly traded.
It also says the Reagan Administration has routinely misled Congress and the public to disguise that fact.
''I'm not helping the team and I'm not helping myself, and it's very frustrating.''
I was reading the local papers yesterday, Mr. Magic, where you said: ''We felt it was a big game because they have two games in Boston, and it was a do-or-die situation.
Brunei, which has not yet established diplomatic relations with the Soviet Union, did not take part.
In contrast, business borrowing rose at a 12 percent rate.
Wednesday will mark the 10th anniversary of the death of Generalissimo Franciso Franco, and Spaniards are caught in a revival of interest in the man who ruled them for nearly 40 years.
Mr. Morgenthau said he had ''no indication'' that Mr. McLaughlin had engaged in criminal activity involving other clients.
''This will get the California team to try again.''
Notice that if South knows the distribution, she can make the slam against any defense by saving one club in the dummy.
Small wonder, then, that the overwhelmed coach of the Colts, Rod Dowhower, said of the impressive Jet performance, ''They are the most complete team we have played.''
It went three and one-half hours and had a packed center-court crowd enthralled.
The most important was, ''Have you been promised a job?''
Here before the delighted visitor was the ''verray parfit gentil knight,'' first set before us by Geoffrey Chaucer in his ''Canterbury Tales,'' 600 years ago.
But it does need Federal help to stop continuing decay.
Viewers this year were able to hear and watch a speech from the chairman of the judges, the distinguished historian Richard Cobb, in which he let it be known, among other things, that he had never read a line of Proust.
''More important is the fact that we have been witnessing a structural change in the credit market.''
Islam is a very simple religion and it is more so a way of life than it is a religion.
One yachtsman lost his life when he was washed overboard.
Gen. Samuel K. Doe, Liberia's leader, has charged that a speech given by Mrs. Johnson-Sirleaf in Philadelphia last month was ''detrimental to the peace and stability of the country.''
* Storer Communications' 10 percent subordinated debenture rating was lowered to B-2 from Ba-2 by Moody's.
The cabin is owned by Miss Balazs's parents.
'No Economic Advantage' The report, which will be submitted to the State Public Service Commission, is the first major economic analysis of the Shoreham plant to conclude that its opening holds no benefits for customers.
It was an old story for the Mets: not enough hitting.
Among those attending and contributing were William S. Paley, Carter Burden, Michael Douglas, Peter Sharp, and Anne and Sid Bass.
Fairy tale is evoked in the theme of an evil thing found in the woods, the gift of a crust of bread, the title itself.
He got even more respect this year as a 465-pound senior.
It may help to have children participate in lunch selection and preparation, perhaps using the opportunity to explain the nutritional virtues and evils of the items chosen.
Concern on Corporate Crime Critics, including one member of Congress, said the disclosure raised new concerns about the Justice Department's approach to prosecuting executives in cases of corporate crime.
Perhaps because it is so close, or just easy to get to, many visitors forget that it's there.
The Justice Department has said that some senior executives had been involved, without naming them.
Seton Hall has given its basketball coach, P.J.
Ryan (6-2) scattered six hits as the Astros close to 2 1/2 games of the Padres in the National League West.
Gray became a free agent after last season, and he had been sitting home in Memphis because he and the Giants were far apart on contract terms.
More than 3,000 people jammed the courtyard outside the building for the dedication ceremonies.
Latasha Spencer, who is 11, stands ''4 feet something,'' sings gospel and was also enthusiastically received last year.
There was Jerry Holly and Larry Davis, who sports a 83-inch reach.
When many of them complained that the glare of television lights made it impossible for them to see, a cameraman shot back, ''Well, then, sit in the back.''
''We know that the Sakharovs made numerous attempts to inform the world,'' Mr. Yankelevich said.
The contract was designed by Mark Powers, president of Powers Research, of Jersey City, who designed the Treasury bill futures contract and helped devise several other financial contracts.
A Cash Cow The mutual fund business can become a cash cow, as indicated by results for several mutual fund management companies whose shares are publicly traded.
Meanwhile, a far greater effort must be made to assist the freedom-fighters in their public-information campaign.
Depending on how large an area is involved, it would probably be faster and easier to use a sanding machine.
Government and relief aid officials define it as a ''spontaneous camp,'' not an officially sanctioned center for victims of the drought and famine that have affected tens of millions of Africans.
Sometimes the mail deserves to be heard, not because it is comforting or agreeable but for the opposite reason - because it tells us about some of the anger and frustration and dark feelings out there.
''It makes it very, very risky,'' he said.
Since the building does so earnestly ''want'' to stand aloof, it is not likely that adding to it, even in the same architectural style, would yield a very good result.
It is not that a creative person's life does not affect his work.
The evening's Alfredo, Luis Lima, also gave evidence of needing both vocal and dramatic polish.
''They had not realized the consequences.''
The second game of the Blazer series is tonight at the Forum in Inglewood, Calif., where the Lakers have not lost in three months.
Well, let me just say that commenting on anything of that kind, we have been in communication with the Japanese.
In a statement yesterday, A.T.&T.
''They were armed with metal objects that would have acted like shrapnel and, had they exploded, they could have been deadly,'' the chief said.
Coach Is Sure But Coach Don James, one of three Pac-10 coaches to win a bowl game today, said after the Huskies' victory: ''We're Number One.
Tanning lotions and creams are much more sophisticated than in the days when baby oil was used to promote a tan and zinc oxide to block one.
Tickets are $50 to $500, and the number for information is 598-7135.
We are not out to serve everybody.''
Mr. Rhine of Seidman & Seidman pointed out, moreover, that the cap on deducting interest expenses - which limits deductions to $5,000 over investment income for all interest payments other than those for principal residences - may be less of a stumbling block than it seems to be for some taxpayers.
Nor has he discussed the legality of the union's offering guidelines to officers on what to do in arrest situations that are not deemed life-threatening and how to intervene in some emergencies.
After watching the players practice one day, he said they were so tough and tenacious that they reminded him of the South Africans who had fought against Britain in the Boer War, which had recently ended.
Nevertheless, it is clear from Mr. Schroeder's case, as well as those of Dr. Barney B. Clark before him and Murray P. Haydon after him, that an artificial heart can sustain human life for at least several months.
''It sounds like it might be easier in the future,'' said Mrs. Baron.
Essentially, his lawyers argue that the approval slipped through the Health Department without adequate notice.
YOUTH ART MONTH The brush strokes and designs might be a bit simplistic, but art experts will tell you that even the masters had to start somewhere.
In the presence of this kind of profusion, no single idea has any particular weight.
Mail-order plans range from $3.50 for a bird- house plan to $17.95 for a 12-by-12-foot Tiffany gazebo.
At a ceremony in the Grand Ballroom of the Waldorf-Astoria Hotel, Mr. Bush denounced anti-Semitism and international terrorism and affirmed the United States' determination not to negotiate with the Palestine Liberation Organization until it renounces violence and recognizes Israel's right to exist.
North was tied with Chen after that quadruple bogey; Barr was a shot back, Watson was 4 shots back and Payne Stewart was 2 back.
These are areas that used to be discussed, perhaps even argued about, at the dinner table.
''Sure, the easiest thing is to get divorced,'' said Mary, the wife of one incest offender who is in a couples' treatment group.
Mr. Gostinger, the director of product marketing for the TOMY Corporation, is not alone.
On Wednesday he will begin a series of meetings with Secretary of State George P. Shultz, which will continue in Washington later this week.
''When the Fed weighs the risks of a worldwide recession in the near future against the more remote risk of some more inflation due to money supply growth, they must come out on the side of allowing more economic growth,'' said Francis H. Schott, chief economist at the Equitable Life Assurance Society of the United States.
since June 25, when the International Business Machines Corporation announced plans to acquire a major stake in the MCI Communications Corporation, the nation's second-largest long-distance telephone company.
Instead, the Kronos manages itself, dividing up some tasks among the four members and allocating others to their two full-time employees and occasional part-timers.
The stock yields about 8.7 percent.
But on her summer digs, Dr. Richard and her team have unearthed the mystery of what happened to at least some of these peoples.
Under the employee stock ownership plan, commonly known as an ESOP, one-third of the company's profits are to be distributed among the workers once the company's net worth - meaning its accumulated profits - reaches $100 million.
''You have very good, well-managed banks that are merging.
Therefore they had better be sure just what it is they wish to reveal.
Until adequate security measures are in place, travelers should be advised that an above-average potential for terrorist activity exists.''
Now it is building a plant in Turkey and negotiating for another in Egypt.
The goal here is integration on every level, to forge a whole psyche no matter what the cost, just as Davey/Aaron wants to forge a whole society in America.
The rebel officials said six of seven guerrilla camps had been evacuated, in some cases only of civilian noncombatants, in other cases of both noncombatants and guerrillas.
Consequences of Failure In a city where land for new construction can cost $4.10 a square inch, Mr. Steiner said, ''more and more low- or middle-income families either live their lives in debt or leave the city altogether.
They can be used with conventional bed foundations and headboards.
You send in an idea and you get an answer in a day.
Mr. Mubarak said last week that the agreement between King Hussein and the Palestinian organization provided ''a golden opportunity'' for peace.
Referring to the proposed legislation, Secretary of State George P. Shultz said recently, ''If Wellington takes formal action, then that might precipitate a review of the treaty by us in connection with that formal action.''
The participants were less united, though, on the question of when interested students should first be exposed to cognitive science.
No Reason Found for Failure Then Dr. Hoffman and Mr. Griggs took time to examine the pallet where the Leasat satellite had been stowed in the cargo bay.
A spokesman for the group, Rabbi David Novak, called the decision ''contrary to Jewish law,'' and warned that it would divide the Conservative movement.
''He's had to dig into his pockets for the last two years to save his boat.''
James Walker is a factory worker in Scranton, living with his 73-year-old mother.
* Last year alone, in excess of 40 billion checks were written.
Mr. Jobim's music might sound at first like bland background patter, but it is no such thing.
Mario Cuomo of New York and Gov.
''But they are well aware that you don't win hearts and minds by hitting on groups of peasants leading donkeys.''
It costs $29.95 and is available in red, black or white at all Conran's stores.
Judge Corrine P. Grande told prospective jurors in State Superior Court that the case might last 8 to 10 weeks, and 30 of the 116 who filled the courtroom were excused after they said such a long trial would severely disrupt their business or personal lives.
He told friends that the trial had come to ''look like a no- win situation.''
Reduced Rates and Transfers The report contends, however, that if many passengers are shortchanging on the fare, many more passengers are riding the buses than the total fare would indicate.
Questions about home repair should be addressed to Bernard Gladstone, The New York Times, 229 West 43d Street, New York, N.Y. 10036.
Some mutual benefits, for instance, have accrued from MCA's ownership of Universal Pictures.
He received a ''fair refund'' from Penn & Schoen, he said.
Many of Mr. Arafat's own lieutenants are publicly unhappy with his new conciliatory posture.
Among the Christian Democrats, the anti-Mafia people are also stronger,'' Mr. Renda said.
The current owner of the properties, the Department of Housing Preservation and Development, says most of the buildings need extensive repairs.
CALL OF THE TIGERMUSKIE IT'S not quite as extraordinary as the swallows returning to Capistrano, but the tigermuskies have come back to Lake Ronkonkoma.
Mr. McFarlane asked Mr. Mondale.
Handsome old ebony knife handles from Christofle have been refitted with new steel blades ($15).
And it has caused the Blue Jays to take notice.
After more than a year of unusually steady and even amicable negotiations, South Korean officials say no substantive progress has been made with North Korea on possible two-way trade and large-scale exchanges of war-separated families.
A delegation of National Action Party supporters tried to give to the two-day-old state government a box of petitions signed by about 100,000 residents of the state, requesting that he step down and hold new elections.
Mr. Dennis and Federal officials said 19 people believed to be members of the ring had been arrested and seven more arrests were imminent, although the whereabouts of four others were unknown.
Mr. Bibb says the extension was granted orally but the committee later approved the Vazquez-Rana bid anyway.
Another service, Investors Intelligence, in Larchmont, N.Y., focuses on writers of stock market letters.
There are no suspects yet, Officer Elwick said.
Mr. Weprin said his staff was working on a bill to realign the existing four departments to cut some of what all sides have agreed was an inordinate workload in the existing Second Department.
The survey, which began in November, will take from six to nine months.
And I had the ball by then.
It is cool in summer, severe in winter, with something in all four seasons to recommend it.
TEXAS (AL) - Acquired Jose Mota, infielder, from the White Sox to complete an earlier deal.
The accord outlines the principles of a joint P.L.O.-Jordanian effort to seek peace with Israel.
The list of property will be available within several weeks at Austrian consulates and diplomatic missions around the world.
A computer-science major with extensive programming experience is far more likely to end up, for instance, working for an auto or aerospace manufacturer than a software house.
Hostetler was a third-round draft choice in 1984, and became the No.
A string bass is often added to a wind ensemble to give a smoother cushion than the bass winds can provide.
They begin work tomorrow afternoon with up to 60 draftees, rookie free agents and a few veterans.
* 40 to 65 percent of crimes committed by individuals sentenced to state prisons and county jails.
V. P. Gokhale, the chief operating officer of Union Carbide India Ltd., in his first detailed interview since Dec. 3, would not comment on specific violations or the causes of the accident, but he said the Bhopal plant was responsible for its own safety, with little scrutiny from outside experts.
Thus Stravinsky's ''Petrouchka'' (here the ballet music complete) was beautiflly organized and pressed upon its listeners with vivid urgency.
In those neighborhoods, while there is some stylistic consistency, compatible scale is really the glue that holds the place together, the reason that different kinds of buildings work together to make a larger urban whole.
This film is rated PG-13.
But Wal-Mart executives say that indeed they will sometimes pay a little more for American goods and then shave the markups they put on their goods.
2 and have no ambition to build on their own.
Motley Crue specializes in extolling brutality toward women.
The debate on that point was so intense that a year after Congress had voted overwhelmingly to admit women and after they had already successfully completed their first year at the academies, Gen. William C. Westmoreland, former Page 36 -37 Army Chief of Staff who was then retired from active duty, said in an interview: ''Maybe you could find one woman in 10,000 who could lead in combat, but she would be a freak and we're not running the military academy for freaks.''
Swordfish, mako shark and tuna all have similar textures and contours.
In a 6-to-5 decision hinging on the separation of fact from opinion, the court held that an Op-Ed page was ''the well-recognized home of opinion and comment''; and the Supreme Court's dictum that ''breathing space'' was essential to the exercise of free speech ''counseled strongly against straining to squeeze factual content from a single sentence in a column that is otherwise clearly opinion.''
Red wine gives the stew a far more assertive, heady flavor than white wine.
Troubles With Congress Mr. Weinberger's relations with Congress have deteriorated markedly this year as he lobbied for a sixth consecutive year of increased military spending in the face of deep concern about the Federal deficit.
He does not make vast claims for Van der Steen, but points to his originality, for he did not work in a European tradition of cat portraits - far more literal, as, we might add, is Chinese or Japanese cat depiction.
Luz Gonzalez, 38, from Puerto Rico, began coming to class after her daughter Josephine, a student in the fifth grade here at P.S.
In that sense it has been successful.
Addition of magnesium reverses the reaction, reducing the amount of TSST 1-production.
A replacement will not be named.
They say tests have shown that the modern purification methods eliminate all traces of infectious virus similar to that of Creutzfeldt-Jakob disease.
Mr. Marchionni, a 40-year-old landscape gardener who also works as a hair stylist, spends his free time and some of his own money looking after the garden.
For example, the plants that produce safflower and sunflower oil, which currently are high in polyunsaturates, might be reformulated genetically to produce primarily monounsaturated oils.
That part of the development was not affected by the sale.
''So now we have land we can't farm, because we can't get the capital to work it, and can't sell, because we don't have clear title,'' said Mrs. Hodgson.
Post 80, N.Y. Tech 75 OLD WESTBURY, L.I.
''It will,'' his wife said confidently.
I'm not going to run out and buy a Maserati.''
''The coats look very handsome.''
In the manner that the Ways and Means panel doled out the tax cuts, the wealthiest will get the smallest share and the middle class the biggest.
The proposed reductions in Federal support, he said, come at the same time the Government is urging the private sector to do more.
ROAST FILLET OF BEEF WITH PAN JUICES #1 3 1/2-pound, well-trimmed, tied fillet of beef Salt to taste, if desired Freshly ground pepper to taste #1 tablespoon vegetable oil #4 tablespoons unsalted butter #2 tablespoons finely chopped shallots.
Leonard Tolisano, Town Planner for Simsbury, warned that an offen-sive odor in itself would not be sufficient ground for requiring an owner to make changes.
Yesterday at the Stadium, they lost more ground in a pennant race that is slowly falling from their grasp.
Mr. Gillmor stated that under the letter of intent Chemical would pay a $21 million premium.
Senator Kennedy rightly believed that journalists would not even look for him at the city's most prestigious Jewish club.
As for the years that followed Croly's death in 1930, Wilson was to write to Young in 1948 his thanks for a copy of ''Immortal Shadows,'' Young's collection of his reviews, which Wilson had ''been reading with pleasure, but with the melancholy realization that the kind of criticism we practiced on the N.R.
He said that from then on the board ''permitted considerations other than price to dictate its approach.''
The resolution calls for two civilian observers to be placed in Lesotho.
Communal bathing is a ritual that goes back into Japanese prehistory, modified in this century with the segregation of the sexes.
Mr. Dole, on ABC-TV's ''Good Morning America'' program, said, ''We can't do it without Ronald Reagan, we could probably do it without Don Regan.''
The offer, the largest in British history, was rejected by Imperial.
In a statement, a spokesman said: ''Curtiss-Wright has no basis to rescind or terminate the agreement between us.
Each of these men flirted briefly, in his early 20's, with a life of more independence; Paul sold everything he owned to buy a van and travel through western Australia, and the 21-year-old Simon declared he would never stay in his sausage-packing job for very long.
Carnation, based in Los Angeles, sells food and dairy products.
''And I don't - want - any - noise!''
Mr. Cohn, remembered by liberals as the ''junketeering gumshoe'' in the heyday of Senator Joe McCarthy, has had many powerful haters.
So did Prime Minister Margaret Thatcher, whose British Government chose not to lend any financial assistance.
During a one-hour debate at The New York Times, Andrew P. O'Rourke, the Republican-Conservative incumbent, and his Democratic challenger, Arthur H. Goodman, agreed that Westchester, which includes some of the wealthiest communities in New York State, was in good shape, but disagreed on whether it would remain that way without changes.
Dealers' Legal Campaign But Porsche dropped the plan when its dealers, backed by the powerful dealer trade associations, responded with a legal onslaught based on state dealer protection laws.
Aryeh Neier, vice chairman of Americas Watch, said today that the organization ''expresses no support for either side'' in the Nicaraguan conflict and ''takes no position on the general question of whether the United States should fund the contras.''
The outbreak has been linked to three deaths.
b-After an extraordinary charge of $490,055.
First, funds earmarked for additional prison construction could be shunted into measures to prevent, rather than punish, crime.
Americans have been riveted by the plight of African famine victims.
There are about 100 drug, alcohol, mental-health and mental-retardation agencies that are potential group home providers in the county, Mr. Friedman said.
It was also pursued by the Federal Bureau of Investigation.
Why not a line of Salvadoran death squads, with American nuns?
Lewis's second miss, at the end of the third quarter, followed one of Sundberg's two interceptions and would have brought the Tigers within a point.
''Here's a President who made an appeal to working-class people during the campaign,'' Mr. Michel grumbled.
They trade frequently, often in unregistered securities.
''We can't seem to succeed according to our gifts anymore, as you still can in the United States.''
b-Includes a tax credit of $496,000.
Scientists have feared that the Government was moving in the direction of de facto classification of officially unclassified research.
- it's dangerous to love Peter.''
Later in the quarter, Ardsley got on the scoreboard when the defensive end Bradley Chenard made a fumble recovery and ran 7 yards for the touchdown.
policies as unconstitutional in court.
''It will be nice not to be the only one in the hot seat,'' Dr. DeVries said.
In addition, net interest income rose sharply to $293 million, from $244.2 million.
The 280 passengers and crew members burst into applause and later toasted the scientist with champagne.
Forty American-provided combat helicopters, three years of intense training and a quadrupling of forces has given the Salvadoran Army the ability to severely hamper the rebels, even if it cannot decisively defeat them.
These examples of the 1985 General Assembly's determination to win the war against drunken drivers were preceded by two other legal changes that went into effect this summer: The drinking age was raised to 21 from 20 years old in an attempt to keep young people from drinking and driving.
Late yesterday at Mitran offices, a man who identified himself as Eddie Garofalo said he could he could not comment on the case, other than to confirm that the company had been served with two summonses.
One of the places where they are present is along the Avenue du Marechal Lyautey, which becomes Avenue du Marechal Franchey d'Esperey.
Reasons for Soviet Wariness Diplomats see several reasons for Soviet wariness.
I know them not only personally but in some cases they were with me in battle.
He said he preferred his old adobe house because its walls kept him warm and he missed the cornfields he once tended but now feared to return to.
The ''water'' seen on distant highway surfaces is really a reflection of the sky.
Colombia Charities of America Inc., Building 3, Brooklyn Navy Yard, Brooklyn, N.Y. 11205.
The May 1985 level represents a 40 percent increase from the previous month, the association said.
If only the quartet had five people in it.
Price range: Lunch appetizers $5 to $6.50; main courses $10.50 to $22; dinner menu the same as lunch.
''People may start out the year doing this, but it will be awfully hard for some of them to continue,''said Mr.
Her father is an area line supervisor with Northeast Utilities in Greenwich, Conn. Mr. Solazzo, an associate with the New York law firm of Proskauer, Rose, Goetz & Mendelsohn, graduated from Cornell and cum laude from the Georgetown University Law Center.
The same underwriter has scheduled the sale of $70 million of Memphis electric bond anticipation notes and $45 million of Allegheny County, Pa., Hospital Development Authority bonds for the Montefiore Hospital Association of Western Pennsylvania.
The deepest affinities between brother and sister were those of sensibility and imaginative sympathy.
There is caviar there to eat, Russia's finest gift, and good local white wine, and a band that plays all the old American rock tunes at the drop of a foreign name.
In this recital, English at a slow pace came off well enough to be effective in Swanson's ''Montage,'' some of Nathaniel Dett's arrangements of spirituals and in ''Hush no more'' from Purcell's ''Faerie Queen.''
'One of the Biggest Fiascos' When Lardner's relatives got back to Albion they was a birthday banquet at which Ring Lardner Jr. said that his father might of been uncomfortable knowing that they was out celebrating his birthday.
''They keep in touch and let me know what's happening in their lives.
The vaccine was made from large quantities of gonococcal pili.
Six of the seven candidates are Hispanic.
In Britain, with its decentralized school system, local education authorities and even individual schools enjoy an autonomy that makes it difficult to generalize about bilingual education.
Mass dismissals are not unusual on South African mines, where 97 percent of the labor force must, by law, be made up of migrant workers.
takes a more radical stance, talking of disinvestment and sanctions and saying they would be a good thing to force racial change on the white authorities.
Bought Rights to Novel Mr. Douglas bought the rights to Mr. Kesey's novel in 1962, when the book was still in galleys.
She'd rather spend every cent creating a perfect jewel and let someone else make necklaces out of it.
Dr. David St. George performed the ceremony.
tries to block every shot .
We had made a new friend, and the young people went to Norbert's house later in the day to meet his sons, one a woodcarver and the other a ski instructor.
Using a garden trowel, I sifted and prodded around the floor of the grill, gingerly disturbing the nest, then tucking it back to its original shape.
Revenues in 1983 rose 2 percent, to $211 million, from $206.7 million.
You'll see us coming from different angles, and it definitely will help me.''
There was an even better score at another table where an extremely greedy West player made the same underlead defending six clubs doubled.
At week's end, the White House was taking aim at the Budget Commitee, feeling the rush from its victory on the emergency farm credit bill.
At first, Mr. Villard said, he tried to buy fresh salmon and other fish from fishermen on the coast 30 miles or so away, but the supply was unpredictable.
The spirit is called ''Liberalitas Bavarica.''
The antisatellite device has been fired twice, but only at empty points in space.
Global Impact Leaders of the exchange see the proposed changes as key steps in a revolution in securities dealing here that will have global impact.
An Unfinished Sequel Over the years, Mr. Burnett says, he has been approached by many people, including the film director John Cassavetes, seeking to purchase sequel rights to the play.
Mayor W. Wilson Goode said today for the first time that his subordinates had misled, misinformed and disobeyed him in the city's confrontation with the radical group Move.
Team When play ends tonight, concluding the Fall National Championships of the American Contract Bridge League, the Reisinger winners will have qualified for playoffs to determine the 1987 United States world championship team.
Then Bethlehem rescinded its action.
The last two buildings constructed in the proposed district, the 16-story neo-classical apartment tower at West 80th and Riverside Drive, and the 20-story Art Moderne apartment house at 409-411 West End Avenue, are characteristic of those erected during a 20th-century redevelopment boom.
Because of the difficult conditions and the increasing competitiveness of the maturing market, they've had to support their brand rather heavily.
Michael managed to make a deal with Jack Nicholson, and the actor's performance won him an Academy Award.
We may have forgotten how good he was at wailing the blues.
But each time Mr. Puccio cited a discrepancy, Miss Schrallhammer, who is 62 years old, was ready with an answer.
Rise in Imported Vegetables Watsonville, on the Monterey Bay 80 miles south of San Francisco, processes more than 40 percent of the nation's supply of frozen broccoli, Brussels sprouts, green peppers and spinach, with the two struck companies accounting for 80 percent of that.
''What is noteworthy is that many of our acquisitions are companies operating within the state,'' he said, citing Datapro, based in Delran, Burlington County, which provides news about information-processing systems for customers worldwide, and CCMI/Mc Graw Hill, in Ramsey, Bergen County, which Mr. Hanson called ''the nation's leading supplier of information for telecommunications services.''
The players - Norman Parker and Lea Floden - are perfectly in pitch, attuned to each other's reactions.
Transamerica, 750 shares ($100,000 a share) of Dutch Auction Rate preferred stock, NR/A-2/A-.
Nichols, 67 years old, has a 436-68-11 record in 32 years at the school.
In the past five years, the governors' efforts to avoid party labels and unfriendly entanglement has meant that on fiscal policy, for example, they have cooperated on a middle road, not fighting against some deficit-reducing cuts in Federal grants and accepting in return more authority from Washington under President Reagan's concept of ''new federalism.''
Our economic assistance can be helpful in promoting this process of recovery if it is coupled with a comprehensive Israeli program.
* Heat butter in small saucepan and add cloves, cinnamon, cumin seeds, mustard seeds, hot dried peppers and asafetida.
Up to 35 inches fell on Boston area, which was largely immobilized for a week.
Since last July, when it received its initial state approval to make spot-market purchases, Southern California Gas placed orders for 25 percent of its gas directly with producers.
We have taken an author's visibility and maximized the market for him.
Although the term ''flu'' is often loosely applied to any viral infection, illness involving serious nausea or diarrhea is probably not influenza, according to Dr. Theodore C. Eickhoff, a leading expert on the disease with the University of Colorado School of Medicine.
The mansion, Farmington (502-458-5386), is putting up big tents for a pre-Derby breakfast for $60.
The two previous proposals were withdrawn - one because of a lack of financing, the other because Donald R. Manes, the Queens Borough President, voiced concern over traffic problems.
The panel ruled that Mr. Carter must attend a counseling program and recommended he publicly apologize.
Cuisine et Vins de France described it as ''a perceptive and intelligent guide.''
No Estimate From Lilco Mrs. Clawson said Lilco did not yet have an estimate of how much its repair work would cost.
New York and New Jersey do not have specific laws, but several hospitals have guidelines based on court decisions that patients' wishes should be honored.
Even those who argue that deregulation is doing more harm than good in the telephone industry acknowlege that the extra $1 won't force large numbers of people to give up their telephone service.
''We've dedicated ourselves to home ownership,'' said Mr. Miller of the state housing division.
Welles was already famous; a few weeks earlier, at age 23, he had appeared on the cover of Time magazine as the ''Wonder Boy'' of the theater.
Despite the failures of privately insured savings and loan institutions in Maryland and Ohio, a number of conservative thinkers continue to urge private deposit insurance for both commercial and thrift institutions.
Danbury, Shelton's rival in attracting such companies, has seen its population grow to 62,000 in the past decade.
Ever since the 17th century, when Christian missionaries first became aware of the flourishing Jewish community in Kaifeng (a city nearly 400 miles south of Peking), Westerners have wondered about the Jews of old China.
Mrs. Planinc, 60 years old, speaking through an interpreter, said that her delegation had been accorded great attention and that the talks had strengthened already warm relations between her country and the United States.
Those at the meeting included Secretary of State George P. Shultz; Defense Secretary Caspar W. Weinberger; Robert C. McFarlane, the national security adviser; Donald T. Regan, the White House chief of staff, and Attorney General Edwin Meese 3d.
He was 82 years old and lived in Cambridge.
That way, we'd keep extending the drink.''
His political views (particularly his early distrust of Churchill), his love of hunting and riding and his finally fulfilled desire to enter the sharp end of the war as a fighter pilot were typical of his class.
White plainclothesmen in unmarked cars detained her after forcing her car to pull over on a freeway leading to Soweto from Jan Smuts Airport outside Johannesburg.
Morris Posner looked to the heaven and held out his hand.
About 15 minutes later the patient walks away, ''usually smiling or laughing,'' says Dr. Fyodorov.
Other possible takeover targets on the active list were Pan Am, up 3/8, to 8; Revlon, up 5/8, to 43 1/4, and Cessna, up 3/8, to 28.
Set in Australia, this ''densely populated'' novel of manners ponders greed, love (''parental, filial, sibling, sexual'') and violence.
Mr. Barton is a not untalented writer of mainstream theater songs that burst with internal rhymes and insiders' show-business jokes.
The ''roll'' St. John's is on is a 4-1 start.
If he had spoken, he would have talked, he said, about the responsibilities rather than the glory of command, about the strength a leader derives from his men, about devotion to them as an element of valor.
Of course he was, and is: that he doesn't always achieve the same level of inspiration, or that he doesn't dovetail neatly with more cloistered, academically acceptable poetic models, hardly discredits him.
When he took office last year, Prime Minister Rajiv Gandhi vowed to try to ease Assam's resentment.
The surprise of the morning came in discovering that both the first-and third-place winners came from the same town in Colorado and studied with the same teachers, Bernard and Carolyn Shaak of Denver.
The battle in the Beirut area between Palestinians and Shiite Moslems continued for an eighth day.
Even if they have some astounding burst left in them to prolong the season, they need fresh players next season.
The savings accounts ran out.
Rattle's relationship with the California orchestra dates back to 1976, when he did a United States tour with an amateur English orchestra, the London Schools Symphony Orchestra.
''Ask me if I'd do it in this market -not a chance.''
Lois Nelson does a neat takeoff on a celebrated sex therapist, who appears from behind the couch to say things like, ''If you vant to do vhat he vants, do it; if not, don't.''
''We knew we had a problem,'' he said, ''but we didn't expect it to be of this magnitude.''
They have been shut out twice this week, they are hitting only .230 as a team and they clearly miss the power stroke of the disabled Darryl Strawberry.
Both are examples of the ultra-fine ''Surimono'' print.
While a drummer pounded out a beat, Mr. Chatham and six other guitarists played sustained, tremolo E chords and simple melodies based on their overtones - a clanging onrush or trumpeters and the drummer played a surrelistic eyocation of a marching band.
And soon, Wilson scored on Gary Carter's ground single to center.
*3*** COMPANY REPORTS ** View Full Article in Timesmachine »
From last Oct. 1 through this March there were 37 assaults.
They meet the Knicks on Thursday in the first meeting between the two teams this season.
His father drives a limousine and his mother worked at various jobs through the years, the last being a saleswoman in a lingerie shop.
A profit-sharing system, where a portion of a worker's pay is tied to the firm's profitability per employee, establishes exactly the right incentives to resist unemployment and inflation.
Sought More Women's Events Mr. Kelly, who was described by an Olympic official ''as the athlete's best friend,'' was elected in 1970 as president of the Metropolitan Amateur Athletic Union.
Coming to the United States before World War I, she studied at the Teachers College at Columbia University and, in 1918-19, worked at the Philadelphia Society of Organizing Charities.
About half the 4,000 to 6,000 bleacherites were involved, Campbell says, ''and, God, they were so organized.''
He worked as a chef in several cities in the East before settling in Detroit in the late 1920's, where he owned Striker's, a noted restaurant.
It took us to one of Europe's youngest capitals and two of its oldest and to a city which symbolizes the continuing quest for European unity.
High Society Starring Bing Crosby, Grace Kelly, Frank Sinatra, Celeste Holm, Louis Armstrong; directed by Charles Walters, 1956 MGM/UA Home Entertainment 112 minutes.
The group, the Community for Creative Nonviolence, has offered a sculpture depicting a man, woman and child huddled under a blanket, sitting on a steam grate, with the inscription ''And Still There Is No Room for Them at the Inn.''
He also maintained that such friendships were not improper.
In 1981 our critics charged that letting you keep more of your earnings would trigger an inflationary explosion, send interest rates soaring and destroy our economy.
''This was not a terrorist incident.''
Third is the arms build-up and the harm to ourselves and the entire planet.''
But, as a high State Department official says, ''We no longer assume agreement, and we no longer can count on Shultz beating Bud the way we used to.''
A senior executive at Travelers who asked not to be identified said, ''It was a very personal decision, not based on any problems here at Travelers or with Ed Budd.''
''For the sake of history, we must prevent him from going to Bitburg.''
It's a three-sided love story that successfully defines the issues at stake when revolutionaries like Sandip sought to free India from the British raj, only to be opposed by moderates like Nikhil, who is the spokesman for Tagore in the film as well as in the novel.
I don't even like to get into elevators alone and I'm always looking over my shoulder.''
Perhaps it will handle your mailing.
Doctors would grow greatly more concerned if they found evidence that such a cancer had invaded deeply into the polyp itself or that there was a large component of cancer in the polyp.
Appearing surprised to see the Saint Laurent hemlines at the knee, she asked, ''Does the length depend on the beauty of the legs?''
''You don't want to torture yourself and think, 'What would it be like to be in the Super Bowl,' because you're not there,'' Francis said.
It is hardly surprising, then, that he was elated to hear that Rilke had read some of his poems and found them ''very beautiful.''
There is free admission for this special matinee closing day.
The report also disclosed that of the 54 million women of childbearing age in 1982, 4.4 million had some physical impairment that made it difficult or impossible for them to have children; 4 million were sterilized for reasons other than family planning; 900,000 were unable to bear children because of accident or illness, and 2.9 million had physical conditions that made it difficult for them to conceive or bear a child.
In the Federal Government, where spending is generally reckoned in the billions, the National Endowment for the Humanities is a modest undertaking, with a budget of $140 million a year.
Before 1979 the department had no formal psychological screening.
Is it possible to create schools with such an ethos in places where people disagree about ends, where teachers and students did not choose the school?
Scientists would learn how to make rain and how to stop it.
We shall not conduct nuclear tests and explosions if the United States joins the moratorium we have declared.
Somewhere out in orbit, the space shuttle Discovery circles the earth once every 90 minutes like a ghost ship.
But it also contained hopeful signs for his potential opponents.
Go talk to Clyde King and ask him what they did.
ORIENTAL cuisines provide ample inspiration for summer salads.
Luxembourg's Foreign Minister, Jacques Poos, president of the Common Market's Council of Ministers, told reporters Tuesday night, ''We are waiting for an invitation.''
And he was producer, for RKO-Radio, of the mystery-melodrama ''Johnny Angel,'' starring George Raft, and the romance ''From This Day Forward,'' starring Joan Fontaine.
Tapping his pocket once more, Mr. Yiannos said, ''Before, I had to search my pocket to pay for my coffee.''
Redwood tubs along the terrace.
In that dream I am never clumsy.
It is too bad no beer is available yet because it would be a nice foil to the delicious homemade potato chips that come with various sour cream-based salsas.
Traditionally, Meadowlands officials have divulged little about major transactions until they were just about completed.
They are evidently articulate, and their voice must carry some weight with the disenfranchised.
''Eggy,'' as he was known to all his friends, was a member of almost every German team for almost 40 years.
Then you begin wondering what prompted her?
Juiced up by the executive-level yapping, the Oilers made sure they didn't have to rely on tickets or ice time for sixth and seventh games, closing out the Islanders three straight in Edmonton.
Mrs. Huber related that one of the four Gerhard children had told her once that ''there is a man over there who has the same name as papa'' and that Mr. Gerhard had sold his Austrian identity card for ''7,000'' - in what currency she did not know.
Miss Bird has been firing back, calling her critics right-wing ''bully boys'' and ''little Eddie Meeses,'' while busily raising money, often from lawyers and other people with a financial stake in the court's decisions.
Mr. Coggins said that for Mr. Gibson to obtain the 170,000 votes that will be necessary to win the nomination, at least half the registered black Democrats in the central and southern wards of Newark will have to turn out on election day.
He likes the idea of his own height.
To be sure, these actions are being forced on the Administration by events in South Africa and in Congress.
''We have moved toward this kind of selective divestment.''
In millions of barrels except refinery utilization Source: American Petroleum Institute
Both are out because of injuries.
ONE comes to Tobias Wolff's ''Back in the World'' with dangerously raised expectations, for his two previous books, ''In the Garden of the North American Martyrs'' (a volume of short stories) and ''The Barracks Thief'' (a single long story), were exceptionally fine works of a fully mature writer.
poll didn't have much impact in 1936.
One day doesn't change all that.''
has admitted that it doesn't know as much about running a long-distance business as I do.''
We went to the train station - to buy tickets for Grenoble, where mountains are reputed to exist.
Monetary Policy Watched With the economy apparently picking up steam, in recent days Government bond traders have been focusing on movements in the Federal funds rate in search of clues suggesting what the Federal Reserve's future course on monetary policy might be.
Seventeen years after protests forced Columbia University to abandoning its plans to build a gymnasium in Morningside Park, this long-neglected sliver of rocky woods and greenery between West Harlem and Morningside Heights is finally on the road to revitalization.
''I wouldn't be without it,'' said Fran Fleisher, proprietor of Love's, a chain of discount and health stores in Manhattan.
Popovers are made by beating eggs and milk, and then stirring the mixture into flour, with a touch of butter added.
That brings inevitable and important divergence of interest from America's search for maintenance of the status quo.
Craig Claiborne THE QUILTED GIRAFFE, #955 Second Avenue (between 50th and 51st Streets), 753-5355.
''I think this would have been more impressive if he had said this while he was a member of the Council,'' suggested Ruth W. Messinger, Democrat of Manhattan.
The ensuing struggle to get Sophal out of Cambodia was almost as difficult as finding him.
Associated Builders and Contractors, a group representing 250 businesses, has backed the legislation.
For example, convention center officials said that under contracts in force at the coliseum, cleaning crews work a shift that ends at 4:30 P.M., but most cleaning work is done at overtime rates after shows close for the evening.
It is thought that Celtic tribes that passed through other regions now known for cider, such as Normandy and eastern England, introduced cider to Spain.
The town accepted the body - it is buried alongside Route 903, above town - but the hospital was never built and the tourists never came.
His father and mother, Mary-Ann Hobel, who produced the film ''Tender Mercies,'' are owners of Hobel Productions, a division of Antron Media Inc.
But others who knew the architect argued that he would have wanted to remain in his family plot near his first settlement, Taliesin, in Spring Green, Wis. William Wesley Peters, an early Wright apprentice who is now chairman of the board of the Wright Foundation, explained that the architect's ashes would be immured with his widow's in a wall by a garden that is planned as a memorial for the couple at Taliesin West, Wright's winter headquarters overlooking Paradise Valley here.
Lee Stearns, a Riverdale history teacher who was dining with Mr. Venkatrathnam, repeated the story at school but did not expect what followed.
said Peter Rogers, chief currency dealer at the Banco di Sicilia in New York.
You get rid of the lights, you get rid of the music, you forego the drum roll, and finally you do the high-wire act without the wire.''
''They tell their viewers,'' he said, ''many of whom are people who live on Social Security, that if they send money, they'll be blessed, not with meaning, but with things.''
The advertiser was formerly served by the New York office of Chiat/Day, which resigned the account as well as the G.E.
He said he remained motionless as men in blue uniforms robbed him of his boots and wallet.
''It was a tragedy consummated in a short time,'' Giovanni Morelli, an oil-company employee, told the Italian news agency.
Throughout the evening, the performances were musicologically informed, professional and, on occasion, a little bit too careful.
Lately, he has been the subject of attacks by some Georgia Democrats who say the party is in disarray.
First is ''Blind Husbands,'' with which von Stroheim made his debut as writer, director and star in 1919.
At press time, final preparations are under way in Chicago for the opening of the Consumer Electronics Show, the biggest trade fair in the field of video and other electronic equipment for the home.
Confidence Builders Dr. Hollingsworth offers a few common-sense principles to help parents of gifted children gain self-confidence in their parenting skills and to survive the ''close encounters'' with their kids: 1.
''If I was home, I'd have a thick, juicy hamburger, french fries, a big glass of iced tea and a piece of pie.
Kroll had been hired by Phillips Petroleum's law firm, Wachtell, Lipton, Rosen & Katz.
Wilson, chairman, attributed the increased earnings mainly to increased sales in Government programs and greater interest income.
Goldome Realty Credit is based in Buffalo.
In New York, as well as in New Jersey, where the Bamberger's division dominates the state, San Francisco and Atlanta, where the other major divisions operate, Macy's has responded to the stepped-up rivalry with a drawn-out series of price cuts which, in turn, have not helped revive the bottom line.
A parade in downtown Hartford from 11:30 A.M. to 1 P.M. will feature children dressed as gnomes who will hand out quit-smoking literature.
and dies in disgrace, mourned by a few disreputable pals.
For the first of his two appearances as a Book-fo-the-Month Club luncheon guest, the Nobel Peace Prize winner drew far and away the biggest crowd ever of curious company employees, most of whom are women, to line the halls as he entered and left.
Wavehill Center for Environmental Studies, 675 West 252d Street, Bronx, N.Y., 10471.
Eugene Orza, associate general counsel of the Players Association, said he saw ''absolutely no merit'' in the grievance.
It helps persuade those who build plants to keep a far more watchful eye on contractors and to sue those who fail to meet goals.
''We in the United States cherish our diversity, and local schools should be free - and more should be encouraged - to foster the study of the languages and heritages of their students in the courses they offer,'' he says.
Judge David Winder of Federal District Court ruled Monday that the hearings could be conducted in secret if limited to people and organizations charged by law with investigating disasters.
From Dec. 6 to 22 there will be hourlong ''Lantern Light'' evening tours reminiscent of 19th-century Christmas celebrations.
According to just about everyone except I.B.M., disk drive problems have plagued the AT from its inception, and not enough machines have reached the marketplace to satisfy demand.
It wasn't Sibelius, it wasn't Mendelssohn, I knew it so well, it was by .
Of the 50,000 Russians still here at that time, about half were repatriated - not to the cities of European Russia or Siberia, whence their families had come, but to the remote Central Asian fastness of Kazakhstan.
But in the 1920's, with Una's encouragement, she became a prolific and successful novelist.
The appointment was made by the magazine's new owner and editor in chief, Mortimer B. Zuckerman.
The specimens, now under analysis at Woods Hole, are expected to reveal many previously unknown bottom dwellers, since the environment in the Sea of Cortez differs from that of previously explored hot spring areas along the East Pacific Rise and the nearby Galapagos Rift.
The big gray colt with the distinctive white snip on his nose has just begun to breeze on the training track in the mornings after having been the most conspicuous absentee from the first half of the racing season.
Bid to Control Assembly And the Democratic Assembly campaign committee is just slightly more than halfway toward its goal of raising $300,000 to try to fend off a Republican bid to control the Assembly for the first time in a dozen years.
''Its bottom line is that if the United States and the Soviet Union proceed with a Star Wars deployment, we may well see the political and military collapse of the NATO alliance.''
The dollar rose in relation to the British pound despite a vote by Britain's coal miners to end their bitter strike after nearly a year.
''There were just too many strikes against him,'' said Dr. James Kilman, the attending physician.
Jean Riboud died of cancer at his Paris home at the age of 65.
Equally labored in its facetiousness was ''Love, You Have Won,'' in which Mr. Morris and Mr. Resto preened and postured like vain courtiers to a Vivaldi cantata.
From Thanksgiving through Dec. 31 for the last three years, more than 1.25 million tiny colored lights have been strung from fences and trees along a five-mile route, a spectacle that draws 3,000 vehicles a night, sometimes tying up traffic on nearby Interstate 77.
Tennis fans already are relishing the prospect of a quarterfinal confrontation between McEnroe and Becker.
Australia defeated Spain, 2-1, for second place in the United States-led round-robin group with a 2-1 record.
Israel is expected to complete the second phase before the end of this month.
''Dim Sum,'' which opened last Friday at the Lincoln Plaza, explores the relationships within a Chinese-American family in San Francisco; ''Year of the Dragon,'' which opens this Friday at Loews State and other theaters, looks at gang warfare in New York's Chinatown.
South Korea's outstanding foreign debt totaled $46.3 billion at the end of November, as against $46.1 bilion at the end of October and $42.4 bilion at the end of November 1984, officials of the Economic Planning Board told reporters.
They rely heavily on computers to design new types of securities.
We have been no less successful on the private level.
(Television - USA Network, 8 P.M.) Tennis Shearson Lehman Brothers Pro Celebrity Tournament, preliminary to Tournament of Champions, at West Side Tennis Club, Forest Hills, Queens, 10 A.M. to 5 P.M., opening day.
Changes are in the making at the Juilliard School where Joseph W. Polisi has completed his first year as president.
The four, ranked by the manager according to their standing in the class, are Schiraldi, 22 years old, a University of Texas alumnus who pitched five times for the Mets last September; Roger McDowell, 24, who has not even pitched in Class AAA baseball yet; Rick Aguilera, 23, who struck out 172 batters in 155 innings last year, and Randy Myers, 22, a left- hander who struck out 206 batters in 152 innings.
Although we wave to each other over the backyard shrubbery often enough, we are not invited over.
Israeli officials, including Prime Minister Shimon Peres, have warned that the army's pullback this time could be followed by another such ''blood bath.''
Klein is the Indians' vice president for baseball operations.
She expressed concern that the Democratic-controlled House might seek to insist on its bill to put the President on the spot politically.
And Martin, according to Al Menendez, the Nets' director of player personnel, is one of the three most talented players in Europe.
Skipping those portions of the instructions that told me how to remove the computer's cover, since I couldn't even find mine any more, I slipped the card into a vacant slot and screwed it down at the end as one is supposed to do.
Poverty indeed seems an inadequate word for many of the scenes Mr. Mosher records - the upland villages where there were no dogs (because there were not enough scraps to feed them) and no pigs (because there was not enough garbage for them to root in), or the small children hanging around restaurants, rushing in to scrape up the leftovers whenever they could (peasant children sent off to town by their parents to fend for themselves, and then beaten and driven away by the security cadres of a state that refused to take responsibility for them).
The proposed bid by Elders, which has not yet decided its consortium partners, would put a price of at least $2.4 billion on Allied-Lyons, one of Britain's top 30 companies.
The 1979 Strategic Arms Limitation Treaty, which although never ratified had been upheld by the Reagan Administration, officially expires Tuesday.
But many have fallen by the wayside, unable to muster the financial resources it takes to compete against the deregulated telephone company and its huge base of users.
Rio Grande Industries, a Denver-based railroad holding company whose principal property is the Denver & Rio Grande Western Railroad Company, yesterday offered $180 million of debt securities through Morgan Stanley & Company as sole underwriter.
Dr. O'Brien, a 38-year-old primary-care physician, said that by the ongoing nature of medical education, a license should not be considered property.
They are supposed to be unbiased observers who not only chronicle events, but like movie critics, also critique what they see.
In over-the-counter trading yesterday, Apple closed at $14.625, down 25 cents.
''You might think you're going to beat the insurance company by getting first-dollar insurance because you know you're going to go to the doctor,'' he said.
At a hearing on rules last year, Dr. Eugene J. Gangarosa of Emory University School of Medicine testified that thousands of American farm workers suffered levels of parasitic illness rarely found in developed countries.
Also, dear diary, my rectum still itches.
Nine-month revenues fell to $759.1 million, from $789.8 million.
Today, there are no giants among the foreign-language newspapers in the metropolitan area and most, like The Forward, are struggling against the natural attrition of assimilation.
He recently built a 22-by-22-foot train room in his home, ''so my trains are not in the basement anymore,'' he said.
The combination of preserving timberland and the enormous watershed appealed not only to conservationists of that early time, but also to manufacturers, who needed a protected source of water for their mills and factories.
''We judge that as of now the additional supplemental aid they are asking for would disappear fairly quickly and wouldn't get any lasting and beneficial effect,'' the Under Secretary said.
He prints the instruction sheets and game cards himself, and he makes the playing pieces from dollhouse lumber.
Taillevent, the Waterside Inn, Auberge de l'Ill - these and other names of the world's finest restaurants are well known to travelers.
The chloroform vaporizes when exposed to air.
b-Includes after-tax writedowns of $26,460,000 on certain energy assets.
The only formal notice he received involved a side issue: an agency that mediates minor disputes in order to relieve the burden on the courts sent him a letter offering its services.
The genes of the remodeled viruses are perpetuated in the infected cells, but no new viruses can be made.
They involve a series of explosively surprising double-, triple- and quadruple-crosses that boggle the mind as they delight it, and which, I should add, all make sense when one unravels the movie from back to front.
The professional agent is trained to fool the machine.
''You wrote something recently suggesting that to have one's writing criticized is painful.
But others find themselves attracted by the investment opportunity or the notion that they cannot be turned out if their landlord wants the space for other purposes or decides to raise the rent beyond acceptable levels.
Last year the United States had a surplus of $400 million.
It is as much a tone poem.
Steve and our skipper attended to that while I devoted my time to thawing out frozen herring in buckets of sea water and cutting them up for chum and bait.
Mr. Sabella's work as AIDS coordinator for the state is financed by a Federal grant.
In yesterday's trading on the New York Stock Exchange, they finished at 129 3/4, down 5/8.
In 1932, Stalin manufactured a famine in the Ukraine to crush peasant opposition to collectivization.
Kabuli chilla, too, has a round, pizza-like appearance.
team he would have preferred if he had been able to choose his team instead of a team choosing him.
* Mars Stores Inc. is offering 650,000 common shares, at $11.75 a share, through Advest Inc. * Perry Drug Stores Inc. announced the delay of a proposed offering of 1.5 million common shares because of unfavorable market conditions.
On smaller buses, seat belts are required for all passengers.
The Celtics widened their advantage to 66-51 with the help of three baskets by Bird early in the second half, but the 76ers went on a 16-4 run to close to 70-67 with nearly five minutes remaining in the third period.
But discount brokers now capture more than 20 percent of the retail business - and their share of the market continues to grow.
In the hours before his law clerks arrive, he writes opinions, reviews court records and sentencing reports and reads the latest Supreme Court rulings.
A Government antitrust suit ended that era, forcing the studios to sell their theaters.
My chest pain had begun in a meeting at work.
My uncle was a shipfitter,'' He put himself through college by working in the yards at night.
Prof. Henry Smyth, an 87-year-old veteran of the project, said one great lesson of the Manhattan Project was that scientists who were sufficiently motivated could accomplish fantastic feats.
He has done it before, he has a reputation on Wall Street and he has tremendous sense.
Chodi McReynolds, one of four Osborne executives who now own the company, said the shares could be traded at once and eventually might be listed in the over-the-counter market.
''When I was growing up I wanted to be a neurosurgeon, and even though some people think I haven't done much since I turned pro, I'd have to be a damn good surgeon to make what I'm making.
I always felt 1 percent was a good standard to give to support the party.''
Then, too, some people have suggested that the marked changes in French drinking habits can be attributed to the widespread introduction of refrigeration.
Locally, housing officials say declining interest rates have similarly increased the affordability of existing houses in the New York metropolitan area.
Two years ago the parcel's owner, Fort Hill Associates and Signal Hill Associates, attempted to subdivide and offer lots for sale.
He was consecrated a Bishop by Pope John XXIII in Rome in 1960, shortly after his appointment as auxiliary to Francis Cardinal Spellman.
''There may be an overlap in that some of these sectors are narrow segments of the technology area, which has been our most popular portfolio.
For the future, Miss Baird is considering branching out toward the daringly modern music of Mozart.
A private, independent Conrail would preserve options for the Northeast and let the decisions be made by the market.
Tuck pastry into the molds, prick the bottoms, then bake for about six minutes, until the pastry looks dry but has not colored.
One of the survivors, Duarte Correia, said he helped two German tourists escape from the French-bound express after the impact.
As a group, these speakers provide good sound in small places, and their prices may allow the listener to get a bigger place.
He and his wife own a sandwich shop and a car-hire service.
Selected by Organization The last two minority-group members on the Board of Estimate - Percy E. Sutton, former Manhattan Borough President, and Herman Badillo, the former Bronx Borough President left office in 1977 - and ran for Mayor against Representative Edward I. Koch.
At least a dozen other Jewish students here have made the same move, he said, in an expression of deepening faith.
The virtual anonymity in which Mr. Woodruff worked contrasted with the ubiquitous publicity his company's major product enjoyed.
He has been surviving by borrowing from the Soviet Union and stealing modern technology from the U.S. or elsewhere as best he can, and shipping his unemployed as military mercenaries to fight Moscow's ''wars of liberation'' in Africa when he can't even liberate himself or his people from Moscow's subsidies.
''It puts Guinness into a different league altogether as far as development potential is concerned,'' said Colin Humphreys, an analyst who follows the brewing and distilling industries for the stockbroking firm of Scrimgeour Vickers & Company.
''The worst thing about being heir to the crown?''
When four members of the Grateful Dead rock group discovered they had tickets to ''Gotterdammerung'' on the same night they were scheduled to give a concert in Sacramento, they canceled the concert.
The cast of soloists consists of the sopranos Judith Blegen and Benita Valente, the contralto Maureen Forrester, the tenor Jon Garrison and the bass John Cheek.
To the Editor: Lawrence Stone's review (June 23) of my book ''Beyond Power: On Women, Men, and Morals'' seemed as I read it to describe another book than my own.
Stung by this commercial failure, G.M.
The army's chief assets are improved mobility and a willingness to spend time in the field chasing the rebels.
In California, 1,334 jobs of 10,357 are being eliminated, while 1,310 of 7,189 in New York and 1,074 of 11,700 in New Jersey are being cut, Miss Coulahan said, adding that the three states were hardest hit by the layoffs.
Survivors include two sisters and a brother.
There is no land next door to the Guggenheim that the museum can purchase for expansion, as the Whitney has done.
For Pantry Pride, the transaction will allow it to reduce the debt load from its recent $1.74 billion acquisition of Revlon.
Willy-nilly the United States is involved.
He brutalizes Met pitching, and he absolutely owns Jesse Orosco.
When Greg Simpson wrote a proposal to establish the video center at the prison, Mary Louise Cox, Taconic's supervisor of volunteer tutors, became a strong supporter and coordinator of the program.
Mr. Reagan has criticized purported Soviet violations, and officials have already said that Mr. Shultz would impress upon Mr. Gromyko the importance of full compliance for any agreements to have any lasting effect.
President Reagan's recent experience illustrates the point.
All the same, it is not easy to teach French journalists to write objective news stories and to separate fact from comment, Mr. Quatrepoint admitted during an interview in his office as he briskly struck out the adjective ''happy'' from the lead of a news story reporting a decline in French imports.
The Time magazine critic, Robert Hughes, has gone so far as to suggest it would be better (and cheaper) to transport the mass audience to, say, Michelangelo's ''Pieta,'' than to rush the masterwork to the people and risk its incineration in a Midwestern cornfield or other disaster.
He said libel plaintiffs ''have been losing hand over fist,'' adding that those losses would discourage other suits.
'Trying to Uphold' Law Another spokesman for the agency, William R. Grigg, put it this way: ''Congress decided that people shouldn't be experimented on willy-nilly, and that's the law we are trying to uphold.''
We've got to set up a system that protects people, but does not discourage production.
Concern has centered largely on whether 15 aircraft carrier battle groups are needed.
The car was a 1985 Plymouth Duster, he said.
The people, however, proved reluctant to part with a cherished winter holiday.
Representative Charles B. Rangel, a Harlem Democrat who sits on the Ways and Means Committee, wanted three times that number as a way of boosting the bill's appeal.
I'll start with Julius Erving, Steve Garvey, Joan Benoit, Marty Lyons, Jose Torres and Mike Bossy, just off the top of my head.
Question:While vacationing in Newfoundland, we would like to visit St. Pierre and Miquelon, and would appreciate help with transportation there, accommodations and things to see.
The restaurant metaphor also applies in a larger sense.
''If we can find them early enough and they have at least an eighth-grade level of education, this is good for them,'' said Dominick Manzo, who manages the program for the Department of Human Services.
In an effort to expand the wine market, the New York Legislature this year designated $2 million for a wine grape foundation to promote sales and enhance the image of the state's wines.
Mr. Reagan says the red ink is caused by steeply rising non-defense spending.
Roberto Manfreda, who answered the telephone this afternoon at Mr. Heller's law offices here, said the case against Mr. Heller was ''complicated,'' but added that he did not want to comment over the phone or to say anything before Monday.
Norman Siegel, executive director of the New York Civil Liberties Union, said that by ''rounding up'' the homeless the city was seeking to divert attention away from failed city policy.
Fifth and final game of of Western Conference quarterfinal round.
Although Trump would not comment on the precise amount of Flutie's contract, he said that if the Generals sold 9,000 additional tickets per home game because of Flutie, ''you're talking about the contract.''
She said she would also like so much to visit our maternal grandfather's plot here in Connecticut.
In a notice published in the Government gazette, the South African censorship board found Mrs. Mandela's book, ''Part of My Soul,'' ''to be undesirable and from Friday, Dec. 13, it is an offense to import or distribute it in the republic.''
Another such change may be on the horizon.
One of the biggest fears for Mr. Moyer and his backers is that another oil boom, however unlikely, will cover up ingrained problems and convince Houstonians that diversification is unneeded after all.
The charge further reflects the decision to sell other assets.
Teachers can earn up to 30 credits in Lincoln Public Schools courses for salary advancement credits.
''The people aren't coming out, they just don't seem to care,'' he said.
He has seemed slightly tentative in rebounding, possibly fearing further damage to his hand, and yet there have been moments when a blind touch pass by him has resulted in a score and has ignited the team; when some marvelous fake without the ball has juiced up a teammate, and when a defensive play in the waning seconds has saved the day.
His proposal for a pair of towers, one 72 stories high, the other 52 stories high, both active shapes full of diagonals, bears almost no relationship to this important site, or to the traditions of skyscraper design in New York.
Today's action was a defeat for the banking lobby and a modest victory for the Reagan Administration and the committee's chairman, Representative Dan Rostenkowski, Democrat of Illinois.
The President is looking for ideas from the Hill.''
But the auto vacation made both possible.
Another neighbor said she also had heard the screams and had rushed downstairs to see a naked woman ''screaming hysterically'' and trying to cover herself up while pointing and repeating ''in the building, in the building.''
It would not have been pleasant to play 19 .
Apple Festival This Saturday and Sunday marks Appletime at Sleepy Hollow, the three historic restorations along the Hudson River.
''The Street is not geared to provide value,'' says Warren Shaw, Citicorp's director of research.
He was then likely coached on what to say to the Americans, including that he fell, not jumped, and that he suffered amnesia after falling until he later awoke on his ship.
The Church is willing to meet with us as a religious community and willing to discuss those issues that two world religions can talk about.
The most outstanding moment for me was winning the Big East championship my sophomore year.
He joined a small paper company before World War II and served as a captain in Army intelligence during the war.
The American Stock Exchange index rose 0.22, to 228.38.
The athletic department has seen some bad times recently.
Back outside, he saw a woman with a broken leg trapped in the wreckage next door.
In another development, he said today that he had attended a speech last month by Louis Farrakhan, the leader of a Black Muslim group who has been criticized for his remarks about Jews.
That budget would represent a spending increase of about 5 percent over this year, and would include an estimated $26.4 million cut in sales tax receipts.
But the water did help halt at least one legal proceeding, at least temporarily.
The Godspeed, a replica 17th-century sailing ship retracing the route taken in 1607 to Jamestown, Va., returned to sea today after rough English Channel waters forced her ashore for 24 hours.
In the chain of interlocking interests, Ernest Oppenheimer & Sons owns roughly 8 percent of Anglo American, which in turn holds 34.2 percent of De Beers, while De Beers has a 38.5 percent stake in Anglo.
And the school was free to fail and expel absolutely anyone who did not meet its standards.
Gary Egger, manager of a water district in Sonora, Calif., said that he was quoted in a community newspaper as saying he was willing to sell unused local water rights temporarily to raise cash to expand the district.
''The aisle is a noncombat zone,'' Mr. Swig said.
The Market Place column in Business Day on Tuesday incorrectly described a merger between Internorth and Houston Natural Gas.
The foursome had arrived yesterday at about 2:15 P.M., parked across the street at Shea Stadium, but got only as far as the elevated train tracks before the storm hit.
The opening one- club was Precision, strong and artificial, and East-West were using transfer overcalls: five clubs showed diamonds.
Patrick said he called Brooks early yesterday morning and said he would like to talk with him.
Lawyers for a former agent of the Federal Bureau of Investiation accused of espionage do not intend to call his onetime lover, it was announced today at the trial.
His only two Grade I victories were accomplished with the help of the controversial medication furosemide, and the other three were all over the rock-hard highway known as Garden State Park.
The Anxiety of Becoming In the mute but eloquent gaze of your dog or cat, Martin Buber sees ''the stammering of nature,'' or the mystery of being ''in its natural prison.''
#50% Foreign Material According to Madison Davis Lacy, WNYC's television program manager, about 50 percent of the station's air time is now used for foreign acquired material, 20 percent for programming produced by the station and the rest for PBS or domestically acquired programming.
But the Boston Celtics, with Bill Russell as player-coach, came away winners.
The school, founded in 1934 by Mr. Kirstein and George Balanchine, is affiliated with the City Ballet.
They are all in wooded areas on the slopes so people can ski to and from them.
agent charged with spying for a foreign government, is to be the star witness against the Ogorodnikovs.
The farmers had refrained from cutting the teff because the official price was too low, he said.
Suddenly, mothers are not so thrilled that their children are big.
Externally, diplomatic independence is inseparable from economic independence.
All these decisions were set aside by the Supreme Court - labels don't always work.
From the Northwest A sale at Christie's East, 219 East 67th Street, next Wednesday at 10 A.M. and 2 P.M., includes an assortment of moderately priced American Indian art works.
The two possible additions are Salem Drive, who was third in the Peter Pan, and Broadway Tommy, who finished sixth in yesterday's seventh race at Belmont.
She had taken out her best china and was dishing up dinner, which we ate on our laps, as there is there no room for a table.
By its reaction, it has also shown how provocative an adversary's buildup can be; when it learned in 1981 that an Iraqi reactor could make weapons, Israeli planes destroyed it.
''People into the fad sort of thing go for this,'' he said.
The problem appears to be contagious at some institutions.
To the Editor: Further on the possibility of the Museum of the American Indian's moving from New York to Dallas (most recently, ''Perot Formalizes Offer on Museum,'' May 10), I have a simple solution that has not been suggested: split the collection.
And he clearly relishes being resident political iconoclast in an agency dominated by dyed-in-the-wool Reagan conservatives.
Nevertheless, despite the unlikelihood of any significant change in the immediate situation, Administration officials were determined to maintain at least the impression of further movement toward a Middle East settlement.
That's what women want from me.''
Whether it's assassination, civil rights riots, social upheaval, Watergate, Vietnam, energy crisis, hostages, the luck lines ran right for him.
Finally, a sailing ship, after all, depended on wind.
*3*** COMPANY REPORTS ** View Full Article in Timesmachine »
said that while the company's overall sales of personal computers remained strong, sales of the PCjr and Portable had ''slackened.''
Wotan wanders through in disguise, of course, but he and the other gods already have gone under, leaving the world to such human innocents as Siegfried and Brunnhilde, awakened by a kiss from a long dream of godliness to become his mortal bride.
Gerard; Merle Tom of Cos Cob, Conn.; Marty Fleisher of New York; Bill Pollack of Englewood, N.J., and Mike Kamil of Bergenfield, N.J., led by six points against Cliff Russell of Miami, John Solodar of New York, Bobby Levin of Miami Beach and Larry Cohen of Los Angeles.
*3*** COMPANY REPORTS ** View Full Article in Timesmachine »
is a co-production of Procter & Gamble Productions and International Film Productions, which is Mr. Labella's company.
The United States dollar fell to its lowest levels in nearly one and a half years in foreign exchange trading yesterday in the United States after turning in a mixed performance in Europe.
Jose Varona has costumed the ensemble in salmon-colored tutus and tights, and it leads off, divided into four trios -each with one man and two women.
Metzenbaum Assails Decision In announcing the decision, Mr. Rowland said farm health problems were not serious enough to merit Federal action and had been ''traditionally and properly'' left to the states.
*3*** COMPANY REPORTS ** View Full Article in Timesmachine »
In addition to regular cleaning, marble surfaces subjected to hard wear - such as table tops, counter tops, vanities - should also be protected with a coat of white paste wax or one of the special sealers sold for marble.
Treasury Secretary James A. Baker 3d has said that the President has drawn ''a line in the sand'' on the question of the maximum rate.
''There is no question that the Government loses in this negotiation,'' one official acknowledged.
John Hayden, president of Glacier, did not return phone calls.
State Department officials said the aid would not involve a request to Congress for new funds.
''Brian Mulroney promised a new deal for the West,'' The Edmonton Journal wrote in an editorial about the new Prime Minister.
She also favored us with two interesting new works, both New York premieres and both French-flavored.
A free trade area could well become the first step toward fuller economic integration - a customs union, and common market - leading possibly to eventual political union.
After I became pregnant he began beating me with his fists, he would kick me out of bed and again when I was on the floor.
''The reason this is so important,'' Mr. Reilly said, ''is that there really isn't a first-class food supermarket of this kind in the area.''
By combining with the Connecticut Bank and Trust, for example, the Bank of New England doubled in size, to roughly $14 billion in assets; the number of offices more than doubled, to 254.
This would require a change in the electoral law from the present majority system to one of total or partial proportional representation.
It features a full canopy bed lavishly draped in turquoise and gold satin.
Read: And a Larry Bird, too.
Since then, a new coalition of vigorous anti-Government politicians, the New Korea Democratic Party, has won a surprisingly large number of seats in National Assembly elections.
And then we were off to Trinity Episcopal Church, where my great-great-great-grandfather had once been the rector and my great-grandmother and great-aunt reigned as organists for a total of 101 years (the latter being rewarded, on her retirement in 1950 or so, with a tea party and $50).
They read the book in college and you reread it last week: there's bound to be some difference of opinion, and they won't love you for it.
The acquisition would be the bank's first move into full-service interstate banking.
This happy business kept up for a couple of hours, without cease, and then I looked at my watch and saw it was 11:30.
Early in 1961, under Mr. Gierow's direction, ''The Antiphon'' had its world premiere in Stockholm at this unusual theater, which also had the distinction of having premiered Eugene O'Neill's ''Long Day's Journey Into Night'' and having given Greta Garbo her earliest training in its drama school.
Interaction between master and servant is impossible under such circumstances.
One club was ruffed in the dummy.
''We've had very positive session,'' Mr. Dole said at the White House before the President spoke.
Spontaneous models result from recognition, often by chance, of a naturally occurring disease in an animal, and many large animals such as cats, dogs and goats develop a condition resembling rheumatoid arthritis, but on a sporadic basis that is of little value for research.
He gives a reason for the shortage: ''The problem is that chemical engineering has been tradition-bound with the petroleum and petrochemical industries.
The Government's 10-year bond, the 11 1/4 percent issue due in February 1995, also retreated, falling by nearly half a point, to a close of 96 5/ 32, to yield 11.92 percent.
Representative George Miller, Democrat of California, who is chairman of the House Select Committee on Children, Youth and Families, said the debate was no longer over the need for child care.
He wanted Mr. Vinton to create characters that were rock and, at the same time, not-rock.
He was elected to the Legislature in 1962 and climbed the leadership ladder until he became Speaker in 1975.
''He knows that I want Judaism to be carried forward,'' she said.
Nelida and Nelson, perfectly matched in their supine long bodies as they dance nose to nose, weave variations on a highly choreographed version to the strains of ''Jealousy.''
The clash comes over the method used to reach that goal.
Tim Bassett, a former Net player who is now a regional sales manager for the team, was unsuccessful yesterday in locating Richardson after checking several places he has been known to frequent.
Lawmakers also approved new legislation this evening to permit grocery stores to sell wine coolers - a carbonated mixture of fruit juice and wine -regardless of whether the drink is made in New York or other states.
If the job is to be done entirely by hand, bone out the meat in large chunks, cut it into slices and then into dice.
There usually is a gray area in which certain inoffensive activities, such as writing, painting or working at a computer terminal, are permitted.
Most important for 1985, said James McDermott, an analyst with Keefe, Bruyette & Woods, earnings accelerated in the fourth quarter, when net income soared 115 percent from a year earlier and the bank's return on assets climbed to $1.36 for every $100.
The United States halted Aeroflot service from Moscow after the imposition of martial law in Poland in 1981.
''The Jewel in the Crown'' ends tonight, but its reverberations can continue to be enormous.
His work owes a good deal to Pop Art and Abstract Expressionism and something to fabric art, Color Field painting and Minimalism.
''As a matter of fact, I did see that story, and I realized then why I will never be tough enough to thrive in a tough town, even though it does have a million stories on every street corner, including many stories of love .
The greatest variety is to be found among the group of recently renovated shops flanking Liulichang, a hutong running east and west off Nanxinhua Dajie, about a mile southwest of Tienanmen Square.
''Market studies show the two biggest selling words are 'natural' and 'light,'' said Mr. Lloyd.
(On a later, daytime visit, I noticed how the contrast of blinding light and deep shadows on the side arcades lightened the massiveness of the building in a very deliberate manner.)
Robert Burdge, the club physician, says he doesn't care if Slobo adds lettuce and mayonnaise, if it makes him feel better.
But the real gem of the night was Maurice Durufle's Requiem (Op.
A five-pound package mailed from Washington, D.C., to New York City, for example, will cost $1.92, down from $1.96.
Mr. Fischer, whose projects include the problem-plagued convention center, said: ''There's no one in charge of a public job.
Take for example the Devil's Coup, a rare end-position that results in the disappearance of a ''sure'' trump trick for the defense.
Fire Island ferries leave from a dock at Browns River in Sayville.
And they usually provide about $25,000 in personal-liability protection, in case someone falls and is hurt on your property, or your dog bites a neighbor.
Mr. Botha is expected to make a speech on Thursday, and many people are awaiting an indication of the Government's direction in its policies on racial separation.
And a man who had been hit in the face with a wine bottle during a street brawl needed his bandages changed.
In a news conference immediately after Mr. Weld announced the indictments, Mr. Driscoll also insisted that he believed all of the Bank of New England's employees were innocent and said the bank would pay their legal expenses.
Later in the afternoon, the Munich Airport was cleared after an anonymous caller warned of a bomb planted there.
Jeff Malone, who scored 17 of 20 points in the second half, led the Bullets.
In the Whittle apartment, Mr. Marino used a milk-based paint to achieve the extremely flat look popular late in the last century.
The ploy succeeded and I found myself in the semi-finals to be held one week later.
WEDNESDAY, MAY 29, 1985 The Tax-Revision Plan President Reagan urged an overhaul of the income tax system into one that is ''clear, simple and fair for all.''
b-Net income after a tax credit of $575,000.
Tuesday's opening night show had it's amusing comic turns, with Miss Ballard donning a Groucho Marx nose and eyebrows for a rollicking rendition of ''Lydia, the Tattooed Lady,'' and playing ''Over the Rainbow'' on the flute.
''The clothes were great, and I was happy to be a part of it.''
Miss Budd's coach, Pietr Labuschagne, however, has moved to take some of the pressure off his protegee.
And for several seasons women have worn padded jackets, sweaters and even pajamas to achieve a squared-off silhouette that telegraphed a strong message of authority.
An optional practice was scheduled to begin at 2 P.M. Because of the rough flight it was 2:25 when Henderson walked in the door.
There goes my daily allotment.''
There are some 30 canvases dating from the late 1940's to 1982 that, painted here and in Europe, reflect influences from both sides.
All that makes for a very merry Christmas for St. Nicholas Music, which Mr. Marks founded in 1949 because no other publisher was interested in the song.
It was simply designed with almost no decoration except for a small curve in the upper part of the octagonal columns supporting the balcony.
On previous shuttle flights, Mr. Walker said, the hormones became contaminated and were useless in testing.
For 36 years The Current Digest of the Soviet Press, with offices in Columbus, Ohio, has provided weekly translations of selected articles from Pravda and other Soviet publications for $515 a year.
He hit 21 home runs in Double A at Knoxville this year.
In addition, they can be used to store data, and the data can be accessed randomly, a little here, a little there, as needed.
The Ingalls yard in Pascagoula pays $10.70 an hour, the shipyard here pays about $11 and the Todd shipyard pays $14.38.
This is the Original Pie Place, basic reference point of Marysville, busy meeting place for Kiwanians, stopping-off rest spot for traveling pie lovers since 1937.
But to scientists, it is not the size of the project that is interesting, it is the technology.
The conference is sponsored by Planned Parenthood of Connecticut, Yale School of Medicine, Yale School of Nursing, Yale Divinity School, Yale Law Women's Association.
The medical association made these other recommendations: - A reduction in the statute of limitations for suit, now 18 years.
Osborne has had difficulties with Trope in the past.
As the uptown train rumbled into the station on the other side of the tracks, she found herself idly studying the faces of straphangers framed in the windows and thinking how gray and lifeless they looked against the glass.
Saturday night, Mr. Teymour left Manhattan at midnight - ''You never take any chances in these cases,'' he said - to make sure he was at Kennedy International Airport in time for the 2 A.M. arrival of President Jose Sarney of Brazil.
He acknowledged that that legislation was unlikely to make any progress in Congress ''unless somebody's landing on our shores.''
This one took off a little bit, but I could have gotten it.''
If Earth was created out of chaos, so was Mr. Purple's patch.
This can be done by building a framework and covering it with snow fence or burlap to shield them against the full force of both sharp winter winds and winter sunlight.
The lab's real purpose is ''to assess the functional significance of a heart problem,'' he says.
The girls sported lots of makeup and jazzy clothing - tight pants, satiny overblouses, dangling earrings.
The play is sold out until the fall - after which Mr. Sher plans to depart for the West End premiere of ''Torch Song Trilogy'' -and hardly a day goes by without a newspaper feature extolling the 36-year-old, South African-born actor's prowess.
Banking System Reserves Elliot Platt, director of government bond research at Donaldson, Lufkin & Jenrette, noted that another bullish influence may have been the Federal Reserve's action before noon to inject added reserves into the banking system at a time when the key interbank lending rate was 8 9/ 16.
Holding our bits and pieces of communication are three Snoopy magnets (my favorite cartoon character), and a magnet that reads, ''Chocolate is my life,'' also another of my favorites and a reminder to keep the refrigerator door closed as much as possible.
The First Folio, which dates from 1623, is expected to sell for between $300,000 and $400,000.
IOWA Democrats - Bedell, no; Smith, no.
's presence'' among the citizenry, according to Fred P. Williams, the deputy assistant tax commissioner in charge of examining returns.
Diplomatic sources said yesterday that the Indian Consulate in New York was watching the situation but had not yet got in touch with GAF.
The biggest drawback to the proposed rating system, officials note, is that conditions vary so greatly among houses that it would be difficult to set standards.
*3*** COMPANY REPORTS ** View Full Article in Timesmachine »
And Gerry Fierst, an actor and playwright who with his wife Marjorie, an actress, bought a 1908 Victorian 10-room farmhouse in suburban Montclair, New Jersey, 10 years ago with money willed to him by an aunt.
*3*** COMPANY REPORTS ** View Full Article in Timesmachine »
In theory, South should have taken the diamond finesse to allow for the possibility that East had false-carded.
The Warriors are likely to miss the playoffs for a ninth straight season.
Thematic material and structure are nicely handled, and grand use is made of the massive sonorities of the full organ.
''The United States Government is not going to give up, not going to rest content, until the seven and others are released, too,'' Mr. Bush said on the CBS News program ''Face the Nation.''
''Hopelessness is something that can be changed and should be a central focus of therapy with anyone who is suicidal.''
In North Carolina, Mr. East's retirement has split that state's recently prosperous Republican Party.
True royalty, like Stallone, Monroe, Miss America, Madonna - '' ''You're talking future again, and we're still in the Stone Age.
Although European pension fund managers were most impressed by the strength of the dollar in 1984, they were disappointed by the weakness in the United States equities market, he said.
* BSL Technology, Salt Lake City, said it had signed a letter of intent to acquire Medistar Inc., a privately owned company based in San Antonio.
Labor deputies said the practice began on a large and dangerous scale only in 1979, when Likud was in power.
- Jay Rockefeller, the freshman Senator from West Virginia, is seeking a place on the Energy Committee.
Nonetheless, almost none created pieces that were overtly based on a Graham model.
The situation began last January, when Mrs. Chamberlain and other tenants decided that they had had enough.
The university could lose its Federal research grants if it failed to provide the assurances, the department said.
A Mark Twain classic is racist, two panelists asserted as a stage adaptation of ''The Adventures of Huckleberry Finn'' was to be presented tonight at the Goodman Theater in Chicago.
The cast's two standout performers, by contrast, are naturals in every department.
But the attorney for the Federal Government will try to convince the judge that the pilot of the Cessna 172, which left Teterboro Airport about a half-hour before the crash, had ignored the controller's order to make a sharp turn just before impact.
She is quick, strong and clear.
Overall, fewer contaminants are taken in by either absorption or inhalation than by direct ingestion.
But the authority declined to provide the municipal utilities with any of the additional 150 megawatts mandated by the court.
''We got some angry calls the day we interrupted the trial to show the Gary Dotson rape hearings,'' she said.
In Canada, the provinces have the major responsibility for environmental protection.
A total of 21 missions eventually were established, all linked by El Camino Real (the royal road).
Dr. Berendzen has also added to his board of trustees not only Mr. Khashoggi but also some of the major money people of Washington: real estate developers, bankers and business leaders such as Forrest Mars Jr., Irene Pollin, Luther H. Hodges, Sheldon W. Fantle, John W. Heckinger and Sondra Bender.
Kansas City's only national historic landmark is a bright pink stucco building with a neon treble clef above the door, a couple of 8th and 16th notes painted nearby and a treasure-trove of musical lore inside.
Dramatis Personae: Trendy-looking couple in their 30's and Gail Lunsford, who overhears their conversation.
People who get caught up in solo dancing are amazed at how difficult it is.
Would expand prograM to rehabilitate city buildings and sell co-ops to tenants for $250.
(Radio - WNYE-FM 91.5, 1 P.M.) Illinois at Houston (Television - Channel 4, 1 P.M.) and Notre Dame at U.C.L.A.
Mr. Bennett is not the first to say that higher education has been debased into a fit sequel to the lower, already in shambles.
(Television - ESPN, 10 P.M. Radio - WMCA 570, 10 P.M.) Hockey Devils vs. Pittsburgh Penguins, at Byrne Meadowlands Arena, 1:35 P.M.
The telephone number is 212-496-2500.
It started to die exactly two years ago, in March of 1983, when Mr. Reagan first proposed to leapfrog the Soviet Union's offensive advantage; the old, naked-to-mine- enemy deterrence made rattling sounds in the campaign, when Mr. Mondale supported it in televised debate; the old theory died forever with Mr. Reagan's landslide re-election.
That is why the Center has chosen the importance of role models for both individuals and institutions to be our method of attacking the problem.
''We stood up to be counted,'' Carpenter said.
Any time you go into the stock market you're taking a risk.
The librarian, Mary C. Brumbaugh, said five or six young people had played regularly from about 6 P.M. until the library closed at 8 every Friday.
Besides a heavy emphasis on local seafood, a different stir-fried dish, mixed grill and pasta are served daily.
I run out, clutching my robe around what feels like my knees, and beg the driver to come back in half an hour.
But because the artificial heart is a rigid structure, the clots in Mr. Burcham's case did not compress the bottom chambers, or ventricles, and ''the usual early warning signs of cardiac tamponade were not present,'' Dr. Lansing said.
Analysts say they are not the same people as Xerox's traditional customer, the office manager, whose buying power often peaks with a photocopier.
Those with small kitchens seldom have space for a butcher block table.
Yet it utterly fails to convey a context of Surrealism, or a sense of how this work relates to that vastly influential movement.
By the turn of the century there may well be few people working in factories and offices to share corporate profits.
Consider the case of Matthew Kearney.
A folding umbrella should also be taken.
NEARLY a quarter of a century ago, a B-52H jet bomber flew 12,532 miles from Okinawa to Spain to establish the distance record for nonstop, unrefueled flight.
More than anything else, they reflect the bankruptcy of the Administration's own policy.
He is the editor of ''Alamo Bay,'' the Louis Malle film to be released on April 3.
The Islanders were dominated for most of the contest, which was marked by repeated stoppages of play and disputes between players, coaches and officials.
The answer depends largely on how complicated your finances are and how aggressively you want to manage them.
He still thinks he won the decision, but Holmes won his respect.
Today, Mr. Bangerter addressed these problems by inference only.
IMMUNIZATION DRIVE - The 41st year of the United Nations will open with what is being billed as a ''people's forum'' on one of the organization's most successful campaigns: a drive organized by the United Nations Children's Fund to immunize the world's children to protect them from six preventable diseases by 1990.
85-216, malpractice plaintiffs who had agreed to pay their lawyer a percentage of any damages that would have been higher than permitted by the California urged the Court to rule that the law impeded their constitutional right to obtain legal counsel.
Supporters of the initiative stress that it will ''enhance'' deterrence by defending land-based missile silos.
And even if the decline is temporary, it suggests that consumers will not be able to carry much longer the burden of sustaining an economic advance.
In the long-term bond market, the 11 1/4 percent Treasury issue due in 2015 rose about 1/4 point, to an offered price of 103 2/32, to yield 10.89 percent.
After considering the comments, the Justice Department will issue final rules with the force of law.
The average bank money market account yield in the same five markets ranged from 7.36 percent in Philadelphia to 6.67 percent in Detroit.
Of all the variations, none have ever really improved on Ruth Wakefield's original recipe.
Dr. Sageman said intraveous drug users often had to be treated differently from homosexuals.
Mr. Harding, the former party leader who was ousted in the leadership struggle but is still contesting it in the courts, declined to take a position on the mayoral contest for now.
An excerpt from Talley Beatty's hard- driving ''Congo Tango Palace'' provided one of the evening's high points, when Lennard Williams's portrayal of sultry machismo was greeted by laughter from the women in the audience, at whom his partner, the appealing Cherice Simmons, then shot a knowing grin.
The decision was praised last week by James A. Sevinsky, the state's assistant Attorney General in charge of the Environmental Protection Bureau, who said it would expedite the removal of hazardous waste at many sites.
Then refrigerators started becoming popular.
Add the remaining whites, folding them in gently.
''We have a moral and ethical responsibility, not only to the country but also to history.''
Debra Chaplan, the treasurer of Mobilization for Survival, responded that the amendment had specifically been worded to include components ''designed'' to carry the weapons so that no proof had to be established that the weapons were actually present.
He started a track club for girls and boys in 1959.
At the same time, they said, Israel has also increased its aid to the rebels, providing more weapons and advice.
The lawyer, Edward Barker, accused the chief pastor, John MacArthur, and two of his assistants, Duane Rea and Richard Thomson Jr., of hiding from Mr. Nally's parents the fact that the young man was determined to take his one life.
''Our estimate for 1986 is approximately $35 million,'' Mr. Ostergard stated.
He said biweekly mortgages were popular, constituting ''at least half, if not more,'' of the bank's mortgage business.
In the end he said he had not made much headway in proving that current tax issues were at least as relevant as the Boston Tea Party or the 16th Amendment, which authorizes the Federal income tax.
South from Arezzo on well-traveled Route 71 lies Cortona, reachable by a pleasant curving road from Camucia, the town on the plain just below the Etruscan city.
fought back to 27- 26 at halftime.
In addition to making such raids, South Africa maintained a permanent force in southern Angola.
40, Lester Lyles, db, Virginia.
Now, like generations of chanteuses, danseuses and comediennes, the Grand Vefour is making a comeback.
''It will get worse before it gets better,'' predicted Mr. Grubman, an analyst at Paine Webber Inc. Mr. Grubman also said: ''It is very much like shoplifting in a grocery store.
The slaying split rebel forces into opposing factions, a schism that has seemed to heal only in the last years of war.
Calculating Business Costs The Reagans would find their more than $42,000 in miscellaneous deductions - mostly for legal fees - reduced by $4,400 because employee business expenses and the miscellaneous category would become deductible only to the extent they exceed 1 percent of adjusted gross income.
The media from which advertising would be banned would include newspapers, magazines, television, radio, billboards and sky writing.
Terms of the purchase were not disclosed.
He told the authorities that he had been sexually abusing her for five years.
Despite repeated requests for reaction, Egyptian officials declined to comment on Mr. Klinghoffer's death.
Escargots, rillettes du Mans, terrine de canard, coquille St. Jacques, frog's legs Provencale, scallops saute meuniere and beef bourguignon are typical.
His ambition, he said, was to become the only export-quality flocked-fabric manufacturer in Mexico.
The market, however, placed a lower value on the plan, prompting Carl C. Icahn, the financier, to initiate another bid for Phillips, the nation's 11th-largest oil company.
Another 39.4 million packets will include the shorter 1040A form and the 11-line 1040EZ form.
A total of 120 have been built and 80 of these have been sold so far, he said.
Also, the Senate and the House disagreed over the terms of financing a project sought by House Speaker Thomas P. O'Neill Jr.
''Good evening, I'm Mary Sondergeld, and I would like to introduce you to Kevin Sullivan, our Mayor.
This isn't heavy metal or art rock or any other kind of modified rock.
The hunger strike began Memorial Day.
Among the other groups that have been allowed to emigrate are 250,000 Jews as well as ethnic Germans, Armenians and smaller numbers of others.
They can borrow, lend, or pirate personnel.
George Halas, George Sisler, George Brett.
Mr. Hoffman does not proselytize, not for any single life style, certainly not for sexual promiscuity and not even for individual characters.
When the music lay just right for her, as in the Seven Popular Spanish Songs of Manuel de Falla at the end, she sounded pleasant; otherwise, there were palpable signs of strain and overextension.
So if parents are going to start regulating, they should be checking out what their children are watching before they start checking out what their children are listening to.
(Television - USA Network, 8 P.M. same-day tape).
Mr. Montgomery makes no more attempt to sound English than Clark Gable did to sound southern in ''Gone With the Wind,'' but even in this early role, one can see the sophisticated comedy expert Mr. Montgomery was to become later in the decade.
Unlike past debates, yesteday's encounter was a rather polite affair, tightly controlled by the moderator, Gabe Pressman.
''I can sew them,'' I said.
Hurston represents her final moments with her mother as a search for a voice.
Although there are nearly 600 trophies on display in the home Mr. Geer shares with his wife, Barbara, there were rarely any cash awards and he never made big money on the circuit.
Harewood House was partly built by Robert Adam, who also designed the Chippendale-made funiture.
''The North Aleutian Basin is an especially sensitive area and we have worked hard to consider carefully and respond to concerns expressed by the state, commercial fishing industry and others,'' Mr. Hodel said.
Asked about Mr. Nichols's behavior in the abduction, Mr. Shea replied, ''It appears he got into a tremendous life-and-death survival mentality,'' which the psychologist said was typical of people suffering from post-traumatic stress disorder.
Whether singing, drumming or dancing, Mr. Maharaj is a popular artist in the best sense of the term.
Mr. Gandhi also replaced the Law Minister, Jagannath Kaushal, and the Railways Minister, A.
Kinsey actually reported that 24 percent of the women in his study had been ''approached'' sexually (before adolescence) by an adult man.
In the case of wind and brass players, with usually only two to three jobs per section, the war is fierce.
''Sonia Arova has demonstrated a gift for finding special students who do not necessarily fit into a stereotypic mold,'' he said.
The twist is that while the defense has slipped into lapses of inconsistency and then relative obscurity, Betters, the left end, has tackled opposing quarterbacks for losses 30 times in the past 32 regular season games.
.#3.20#2.30 E-I Am The Game#126#5#5#6#1 1/2#5#2#4#1#4#6#4#1 1/2Miller.
My dad thought it was a good deal.
It's time we adjusted our system of higher education to match the facts of prolonged maturation.
Afterward, Cram credited James Mays of the United States for ''a very good job as the early pace-setter.''
Dallas extended its lead to 10-0 in the third quarter when Rafael Septien, who missed four attempts, kicked a 36-yard field goal.
And what about soul food and egg cream?
The brands that had been at Advertising to Women include Enjoli perfume, Bain de Soleil, Jean Nate, CRG prestige brands, Opium and Yves St. Laurent.
The hull is made of duPont Kevlar -a resin-based material that is stronger than fiberglass.
This limit would apply to American ground-launched cruise missiles and Pershing 2's if the Russians would agree to an equal worldwide limit on warheads of their SS-20 and other intermediate-range missiles.
People who see Grooms primarily in terms of camp may change their minds in Philadelphia, once they realize that his ''Le Banquet pour le Douanier Rousseau'' of 1963 may well be the most touching of all the evocations that we have of that celebrated incident in the history of modern art.
Laboratories will test pool water for a fee, but Richard M. Kessel, the board's executive director, said this is not worth the expense.
But there is nothing about the cooking to suggest poverty.
Gary Dorsch, senior analyst for G. H. Miller & Company in Chicago, said the dollar reacted sharply when ''just about all the department stores showed nice gains.''
She was more concerned about La Guardia Airport's being fogged in, delaying some guests from Boston and Washington, but they all turned up.
Invalidates any paper or absentee ballot that contains marks or erasures outside voting squares or blank spaces.
official, Gerald Meyer, said of the proposed fee.
Trading was brisk, at 128.6 million shares.
Mr. Cascante is formal with the Japanese, a regular guy with the men from Hong Kong, courtly with the Brazilians.
The legislation, signed into law by President Reagan last Oct. 15, exempts the C.I.A.
It is already selling an older, rear-wheel-drive model, called the Pony, in Canada, where it has been warmly received.
In doing so, he sometimes gets caught up with himself.
The Government's authority to borrow money and pay bills was due to expire Thursday at midnight.
General Foods' products constitute a Who's Who of the supermarket shelf: Kool-Aid, Log Cabin syrup, Oscar Mayer hot dogs, Maxwell House coffee, Post Grape-Nuts and Entenmann's cakes.
''I'm working on Springsteen tickets, but unfortunately we don't have any contacts in Jersey,'' Mr. Davis said.
''But they've discovered that living here is cheaper and job opportunities good.''
In fact, Myron probably has catered a thousand bar mitzvah.
The population of Assam is largely Hindu.
A Federal appeals court panel here today overturned a decision by the Federal Communications Commission renewing the license of WYEN-FM, a station in a Chicago suburb, that was found to have had an unsatisfactory record of recruiting and hiring minorities.
The Falcons, with their 12th in a row, improved to 9-0 over all and 6-0 in the W.A.C.
Then, having explained the project, the publishers applied to the National Endowment for Democracy, a bipartisan organization financed by Congress, for some help.
Gagne broke away after a lead pass by Mark Johnson and beat the goalie Darren Jensen between the legs with a backhander from close range after a move from left to right.
She was 80 years old.
Once the idea of mimetic truth broke down - once a gap opened up between art and what it believed it could represent - then art became a reality in itself and sculpture was able to explore its own means and move in any direction.
Mrs. Rayfield is one of 60 successful and nascent artists and craftsmen in a small working art colony on a peak in the Watchung mountains here, not far from suburban shopping centers and corporate office parks.
Dormitory Authority of the State of New York, variable rate bonds, insured by Financial Guaranty Insurance Company, $85 million.
Barnes & Noble Bookstores: Questron display and demonstration.
Homeowner costs were down slightly, but renters' costs were up two-tenths of 1 percent.
He went to court in November and changed his entire name to Coke-Is- It.
The new study found that the two groups reporting the greatest increases in the rate of unwed childbearing were teen-agers and women aged 35 to 39.
The court is satisfied there is no adequate basis for that question and you are to disregard it.''
Robert Stone, counsel to the New York State Department of Education, said yesterday that the corporation that operates the museum was created by the Board of Regents of the Education Department, and that the corporation could not move without the approval of the New York State Supreme Court.
But Mr. Cuomo insisted he can win it his way.
These two luminaries of American fashion are not alone in their assessments of the mood for next spring.
In the first four months of 1985, sales soared 15.2 percent, compared with year-ago levels, to 1.08 billion units with a retail value of $919 million.
''But how are they going to get solid growth if the first quarter was down significantly and the second quarter is now also predicted to be down?
The exemption is now at $1,040 and would climb to $2,000 next year under the plan.
And the negotiations, which have been going on for several days, are developing into the most complicated and controversial since the advent two years ago of the cap, which limits the amount of money a team can spend for salaries.
They plan to produce about 250,000 cars a year.
Martin defended the move, saying, ''He's a natural right-handed hitter.
The White House is also trying to avoid the judgment of medicine.
He said he would meet today in Panama with with the region's American ambassadors to explore ways to give new impetus to the search for peace in the region and support elections in Guatemala and Honduras.
The four-man delegation, which includes two officials of the Palestine Liberation Organization.
The district stretches from Paris, near the Oklahoma border, to San Augustine, in the southeast near the Louisiana border.
ISLANDERS (NHL) - Returned Ken Leitner and Vern Smith, defensemen, and Ron Handy and Mark Hamway, forwards, to Springfield of the A.H.L.
The statement also said the Soviet side continued ''to precondition progress, or even detailed discussion,'' of reducing offensive nuclear weapons on acceptance of the demand ''for unilateral U.S. concessions'' on space arms research.
Compared with the extensive pollution caused by other industries, the drain was ''not considered a major problem,'' he said, and no court action was taken.
The Lions were able to hold Chris Mullin to 12 points.
Proponents of a Southampton power company, which would be the first municipal power company created in the state since 1974, said the distribution agencies provided only modest cost savings to power users.
Boone's sacrifice fly drove in California's first run in the second inning, and the Angels chased Curt Wardle (8-9) with three runs in the third.
Shabby charm will quietly expire, and the circus will be done in by its own success.
Most outdoorsmen are fascinated by knives and usually regard yet another with pleasure.
* What about only doing repairs between the hours of 9 A.M. and 4 P.M., thus avoiding rush-hour bottlenecks?
But I threw a bad pitch - a cut fastball -that really didn't do much.
b-After a realized loss of $204,000 from investment sales.
''This Pope was revolutionary because he didn't say, 'You have to learn my language.'
on seeing the crowds - edged their children to an express line that let them peek through a window at a Santa as he listened to the wishes of other boys and girls.
This gives us a freedom of action now to decide what's the best thing to do with the center.''
As an abstraction, everyone can agree that decisions on employment in this country should be colorblind.
He said the most ''sensitive'' issue was taxation of fringe benefits.
In California and other states, transit officials have joined a growing effort to persuade legislators to change laws under which cities and other public agencies can be ordered to pay entire judgments in personal injury cases, even though their actions may have contributed only slightly to the injury.
''There may be just enough growth,'' Mr. Perry says, ''to make the Fed nervous about pushing the economy any harder.''
The future bridegroom's father is a partner in the East Meadow accounting firm of Schooler, Weinstein, Minsky & Lester.
Watching for Cold Snaps Mr. Milano reads the newspapers, keeps tabs on what the weather is like around the world (cold snaps, of course, mean better heating oil demand) and peers at charts that try to predict futures prices.
Inhalants The Governor signed into law a bill making it illegal to possess or sell ''hazardous inhalants,'' including amyl and butyl nitrate, that cause intoxication.
Another poll in June by The Birmingham Post-Herald said 68 percent of the voters surveyed indicated that they did not want to see Mr. Wallace seek another term.
Saved by the Dam But the residents of Weston, which lies at the intersection of a river and two creeks in the north-central part of the state, say floods have come often, and the dam on the West Fork River was just nearing completion when the flooding started this time.
The survey was based on telephone interviews with a ntional sample of 1,600 adults, 1,002 of whom also completed a questionnaire.
People somehow don't think of audio and video in the same terms and tend to approach an evening in front of the tube in a different frame of mind and with different esthetic expectations than they would an evening of playing records.
Posters denouncing the Rabbinical Council were hung in Mea Shearim, the ultra-Orthdox section of Jerusalem, and, in what some saw as a veiled threat, letters were sent to the wives of several rabbis imploring them not to let their husbands attend the convention.
Are they the same thing?
Puzzled by Grumman's new-found popularity in the investment community, a spokesman for the company could suggest nothing that would explain yesterday's market action.
For dessert, warm gingerbread with whipped cream is recommended.
The task of the critic is to read the writing that exists as well, as deeply and as sensitively as she is able and to offer richly alternative readings of significant work, not to diminish interpretation.
It was in fact far too dissipated to have any effect, but hysterical folks swallowed pills to ward off danger, chanted religious verses and in a few rare cases attempted suicide.
Mr. McDonald, of the Federal Strike Force, said the original inquiry by the F.B.I.
''On that day,'' said the son of his father, ''he felt that his whole work and life was in vain.''
''We had heard last week that Mark had his brace taken off, but that the knee had not come back that quickly.
The Kremlin has always taken care to have Russian second secretaries behind indigenous first secretaries, and to follow that rule in other key positions too.
In millions of barrels except refinery utilization Source: * American Petroleum Institute
One of the other players looked at him.
Here the flavor of sweet, fresh fish is never overwhelmed by sauces and seasonings but is allowed to speak for itself.
And, in some cases, the Mayor has withheld public endorsements of friendly minority-group candidates, if Mr. Koch's approval might handicap them, according to his campaign aides.
Topic of Trade in Services However, the new committee will also consider how to bring the topic of service industries into the new trade round.
The thrust of his thesis has been that since Stern, wittingly or unwittingly, was implicated in the hoax, Mr. Kujau was merely an accessory.
''I think he's gotten lazy and complacent; he has done nothing in the area of political corruption,'' Mr. Gottlieb said of his opponent.
Even so, Prince's naughty antics and headlong contradictions are preserved while we await his next transfiguration.
Its title is ''I Hate Conceptual Art.''
The book can be ordered from the Preservation Shop, National Trust for Historic Preservation, 1600 H Street NW, Washington, D.C. 20006.
b-Includes a gain of $257,000 from discontinued operations.
He also said Mr. Goode was inaccurate when the Mayor testified he told Mr. Sambor not to involve police officers who might hold a ''grudge'' because of their participation in a confrontation with the radical group at another Move house in 1978.
Durden, who is the head of King's boxing department, was referring to Chavez, who makes his first defense March 21 against Rubin Castillo in Los Angeles.
The Prime Minister declined to answer the reporter's question.
A 'Highly Contested' Divorce Detectives planned again to interview her husband, Samuel Schwartz, who had been interviewed on Monday for four hours.
If they want to dance, it's their business.
''On the Decoration of Houses'' is published by W. W. Norton ($14.95 hard cover, $6.95 paperback.)
The Japanese call the system ''kuroyon,'' or nine-six-four - meaning that salaried workers supposedly pay tax on 90 percent of their income, business owners 60 percent and farmers 40 percent.
Multiply that by several million such taping parties a week and you begin to gain a modest understanding of the fear, the frustration and the outrage of creators and distributors.
Peru is more than six months behind in interest payments on its foreign debt of about $14 billion, and is said to be concerned that United States Government regulators will lower its credit rating when they meet Monday.
McNeil not only ran 28 times for 173 yards, but his three receptions added 46 yards.
''The Mets raised the issue in the National League meeting,'' said Al Harazin, executive vice president of the Mets.
But there is no telling how long submarines can remain invulnerable.
Each hotel has several restaurants.
racing boats use ultra-sophisticated equipment, and crew error is bound to take its toll, he said.
The head priest of the holiest Sikh shrine, the Golden Temple of Amritsar, lighted the cremation pyre before tens of thousands of mourning Sikhs, adherents of a monotheistic creed that combines elements of Hinduism and Islam.
Admission is $7; Theater Development Fund vouchers accepted.
Although the $20 million-in-billings DDB Telephone unit will continue to use its old name, it will be moving out of DDB's headquarters building at 437 Madison Avenue to join the Hodes operation uptown at 555 Madison.
The Soviets have the world's most active military space program, last year conducting about 100 space launches, some 80 percent of which were purely military in nature, compared to a total of about 20 U.S. space launches.
And that doesn't mean it's less physical."
Like Miss Skura and Miss Kraus, other participants staged scenes from works-in-progress.
It Might Have Been ''I think a lot of times you have to know when to give it to him and when not to,'' he said.
''Some roads were eliminated because the town or village did not officially recognize the designation,'' Mr. Barylski said.
The artist responded, ''Well, it probably isn't a horse.''
At most hours of the day and night, the television has been buzzing to celebrate what we nearly lost: Gooden here, Guidry there, here a Cub, there a Brave, everywhere a high five.
Inmates are processed at the centers before being sent to one of the state's 11 prisons.
''Sometimes I think they can be as ruthless as the Mafia.
The defendants in the Brinks murder cases, who routinely disrupted the proceedings in other courtrooms, stood quietly whenever Judge Weinfeld entered his.
The only consolation for the international set comes on a return trip home.
Otherwise you're just writing 'A man came out of the door holding a little girl by the hand,' period.
They want to do business under the rules and legal systems they are comfortable with.
It's clear that different people enjoy this island for very different reasons.
Although few would argue the point that buying an automobile for cash is the cheapest way to do so, many Americans cannot afford the $10,000 to $15,000 that some cars, both domestic and imported, cost these days.
They estimated that including private sector advertising, the difference was as much as 10 to 1.
He died the next day in Coney Island Hospital.
It does not contain specific recommendations, but it makes the point that the present regulations, even when fully enforced, do not effectively inhibit spying and need to be reconceived.
They responded in August 1984 with an issue of the magazine devoted entirely to fiction.
Mr. Rosen suggests that the Treasury plan would lead many buyers to opt for a smaller house.
The stage is in a continual frenzy of activity, what with a platoon of slapstick comedians (who actually wield slapsticks), people climbing ladders into balconies, tumblers and jugglers keeping the entertainment going and a stage audience contributing critical remarks and throwing fruit at the actors when provoked.
From May 12 to Sept. 30 next year, the hours will be 9 A.M. to 9 P.M.
Captain Herb said in October that he had written to Mayor Koch and Governor Cuomo suggesting a memorial to the war dead near the wreck.
Add the apple and cook for 3 minutes, stirring.
In many respects, the widow of President Anwar el-Sadat says, she has returned to a different land.
''It's a different story from last night,'' he said.
Another issue likely to be raised again at the hearings involves the appointment of a San Franciso-based accountant, John R. McKean, to the Postal Service Board of Governors and his subsequent reappointment for a longer term.
* Carefully fold in the mayonnaise.
So tune in then for another chapter of ''Tip's Tunnel.''
The producers' logic is probably that the first week of previews may have a few more glitches than later performances, but who cares when the ticket price - and this is Broadway - is $15?
The New York City Opera got $25,000.
Of their 111 yards rushing, 55 came all at once, on a run for a touchdown by Maurice Carthon, the fullback, in the first period.
Back in the old days when Geer, DuBois was a midtown agency, it created Dry Dock Country for a bank client.
A Commercial Market A number of editors said there is a commercial market for short stories that makes it possible to publish them without apologies.
The Interagency Country Exposure Review Committee, made up of officials of the office of the Comptroller of the Currency, the Federal Deposit Insurance Corporation and the Federal Reserve Board, met secretly this week to review the credit standing of Argentina and other countries.
Would we get trials or convictions if Mr. d'Aubuisson replaced Mr. Duarte?
*3*** COMPANY REPORTS ** View Full Article in Timesmachine »
The island - with its two managers, three maids, two gardeners, boatmen, pool, tennis court, two Jacuzzi baths, Nautilus gym, various boats, snooker table, video, book and music libraries, not to mention the business facilities ranging from photocopier, electronic typewriter, slide projector and telex -is for rent.
But try convincing her players.
No team in playoff history has ever recovered from such a deficit.
Mr. Shultz's mention of 46 hostages referred to the 39 remaining hostages from the Trans World Airlines flight and 7 others taken individually in Lebanon in the last 15 months.
Note well that this laser is powered by atomic bombs.
The showcase series was begun by the commission about two years ago as ''another way to promote Connecticut visual artists,'' said Evelyn Smith, director of the commission's new works program.
It opens: In the village in the village in the village Life repeats itself, life repeats itself.
But the shops were moved to Trenton after World War I and the industries that survived the Depression succumbed to the shortages of World War II.
The players were given those seats as consolation for being injured, and they were somber reminders of the Jets' troubled preseason.
No effort will be made to take the publication national, according to the managing editor, until a Washington subscriber base has been established.
63 auditorium, he took his 9-year-old daughter, Pamela, and his 11-year-old son, Louis, to the front of the auditorium and declared: ''These are my two children.
Surviving are his wife, Laura, and seven children.
It was then driven across a corner of Honduras toward El Salvador, he said, when a tire blew out and caused a crash.
Jack Goldstein (Metro Pictures Gallery, 150 Greene Street): The images in Jack Goldstein's new show are still appropriated, largely from science books, and still spectacular -comets, eclipses, volcanic eruptions.
The writer Garson Kanin has been elected president of the Authors League of America, which represents 7,000 playwrights and 6,000 authors regarding copyright, taxation and free expression.
The final tally is based on the total number of votes for all the candidates of each party, with the leading candidate of the party having the majority of the votes elected as president.
In fact, it reads more like a consumer ad intended to build circulation.
Having been robbed of the minimum self-esteem essential to their humanity, they have nothing to lose.
Cultural life, too, has suffered from the diversion of most resources to export and as well as drastic import limitations.
This is the critical, central point.
*3*** COMPANY REPORTS ** View Full Article in Timesmachine »
''It sends the wrong message to the judge,'' he said.
Mr. Geneen seemed unable to comprehend the fuss.
Black Colleges: A forum on ''Black Colleges and Universities: Stepping Stones or Stumbling Blocks'' will be held.
The bill was amended on the House floor to rely instead on higher taxes on the oil and chemical industries.
''Citibank never sold any city notes or bonds in the manner that was alleged,'' said a Citibank spokesman, John J. Maloney.
George A. Keyworth 2d, President Reagan's science adviser, said today that he was resigning and would leave the Administration at the end of the year to set up a private consulting concern.
The cost of the settlement will be shared by the insurance company for the drunken driver and the insurers of the couple who had served him more than a dozen drinks of Scotch.
Yale beat Brown today, 10-9, in a game that the Elis' captain, Carmen Ilacqua, said, ''We should have won, 35-0.''
''He wants to do anything he can to help the team, and he's not doing things for show.
Mayor Koch has already collected nearly $3 million and expects to raise an additional $2 million.
But some clues indicate continuing financial problems.
These constants strongly suggest that whatever differences in personnel or programs there may have been throughout the years, subsidized housing in Yonkers has been characterized by a common theme: racially influenced opposition to subsidized housing in certain areas of the city and acquiescence in that opposition by city officials.
Expos 7, Pirates 5 MONTREAL (UPI) - Andre Dawson cracked two home runs leading Montreal to victory.
Uniroyal, which is based in Middlebury, Conn., also announced a first- quarter profit this year of $21 million, or 57 cents a share, compared with a loss of $40 million, or $1.21 a share, in the comparable period in 1984.
The ''I Pledge Not To Watch TV'' card has a chart listing the days of the month, so youngsters can keep track of the hours they resist temptation, she said.
If a musician wants to get through to us now he must bellow.
He says he was not surprised to be traded, although he was surprised that he went to Detroit.
Only here we can't afford to make any mistakes.''
Giving Help March 7 - Founded in 1977, a group called SCAN, standing for suspected child abuse and neglect, maintains one center in Manhattan and two in the Bronx staffed by 22 social workers to help familes who have had instances of child abuse.
The proposed increase of 5 percent would apply to 500 managerial and elected officials in Westchester County government and would be retroactive to Jan. 1, if approved.
Whereas Miss Phillips built up to the war, using it as a coda to her story of three generations - the disappearance of her heroine's brother in Vietnam became a kind of symbol of the family's dissolution - Miss Mason uses it as a starting point, moving backward from cold fact into a family's anomalous history.
Neither puny nor academic, the vibrant sonorities and supple interpretation made the familiar work seem fresh again, and one had the feeling that this must have been close to the kind of performance Bach himself knew.
The deterioration of this insulation, however, facilitated the corrosion of about 50 percent of the iron bars, which are vital to the skin's support.
Mike Gminski, who had 20 points and 12 rebounds, tipped in a Williams miss to bring the Nets to 99-95 with 7:50 remaining.
It is said to promote a faster tan due to the Biotan formula.
Its brands are Instant High Point, Decaffeinated Folgers Crystals and Decaffeinated Vacuum Folgers.
And Captain Outrageous, as Mr. Turner became known when he successfully sailed Courageous in defense of the America's Cup, accepted.
The weak Canadian dollar has made skiing in Canada a bargain.
The Administration would be likely to face significant opposition to major antitrust relaxation in Congress, especially from Peter W. Rodino Jr., Democrat of New Jersey, who is chairman of the House Judiciary Committee.
The explanation also mentioned an additional $10 for departure taxes.
As the waitress hovered cautiously near the booth earlier, Sally Atisnoe looked up and smiled.
The Libyan-backed group went underground in April after its offices and own radio station were suppressed in West Beirut in a joint campaign by the Amal and the mostly Druse Progressive Socialist Party.
Oregon Bank's deposits of $879 million represent about 6 percent of the total of Oregon banks, making it far smaller than the two larger banks in the state that control about two-thirds of the deposits.
''We are bringing the circuit up to contemporary racing standards,'' explained Ron Meade, director of marketing for the school.
Thereafter the exhibition will be open free to the public from noon to 4 P.M. Fridays and 1 to 5 P.M. Saturdays and Sundays until Nov. 17.
In being so prolific, he has sadly compromised his talent.
The prime rate, a base rate that banks use in computing many loan rates, can soar, however, as it has in the recent past.
Manhattan then scored 6 straight points to pull even.
But, once again, Miss Nelligan works a wonder.
Succasunna $107,000 *2* 10 Judy Road, 4-bedroom, 1 1/2-bath, *2* 19-year-old split-level; entrance foyer, 1-car *2* garage; taxes $1,924.
In 1982, a string of four financial failures - ''Little Me,'' ''Einstein and the Polar Bear,'' ''Duet For One'' and ''Grown Ups'' - lost $3.5 million, $200,000 of that Azenberg's own money.
''Everyone gets involved in reaping the rewards.''
After that, Bloomingdale's launch was something of an anticlimax.
Weidman had the right credentials.
Other Products In addition to marketing Visicalc, which was written for the Apple II line of personal computers, Lotus will also begin to sell Software Arts' two other programs: TK!
The pattern of foreign trade that has caused the extraordinary shift of industries from the United States in recent years is of the destructive kind.
The little painting of sand being unloaded from a barge on the Seine also does very well by its Seurat-like subject matter.
And in any case, penologists no longer put much faith in the power of prisons to rehabilitate.
For example, Mr. Reagan's budget for the fiscal year 1985, sent to Congress last February, proposed spending of $925.5 billion.
Planning the event took ''two months of telephone calling,'' according to Cindy Southwick of Scarsdale, who picked out the hotel and helped coordinate the weekend.
had not made any preparations to end the dumping sooner and that''an extra year - 18 to 30 months - is eight million tons of sludge.''
''I thought we had it,'' said Brad Benson, the offensive tackle.
Ditka, the Bears' coach, said he chose Butler on a ''gut feeling.''
Gen. Duane Cassidy assumed command of the Military Airlift Command on Friday, replacing Gen. Thomas Ryan Jr., who has retired.
First City Properties Inc., which is controlled by the Belzberg family of Canada, said its tender offer for Scovill Inc. ended successfully last Friday.
The Air Line Pilots Association struck United Airlines shortly after midnight today in the union's first major attempt to limit efforts by the nation's airlines to pay newly hired pilots less than veteran pilots.
When the Generals meet the Gold here Sunday, Doug Flutie will be playing in his 28th football game in the last nine months.
Other complex provisions are aimed at preventing multinational companies from using tax-haven countries to shelter income from United States taxes.
I was just another soldier who fell far short of perfection.''
But he said that the Government was constantly monitoring the effect of sanctions and disinvestment and that there was a need to consider contingency plans ''as part of the Government's overall long- and short-term strategy for relieving unemployment in the face of disinvestment, sanctions and boycotts.''
However, he cautioned, he did not wish to imply that plebiscites must be taken each time a work is commissioned.
Secretary of State George P. Shultz, who flew here today from London, said on his airplane that ''we have been moving very aggressively in the follow-up to the Geneva summit meeting and across the board in trying to get ourselves set, and have had discussions in Washington and Moscow about it.''
Mr. Mugabe's party has a majority of 57 seats in Parliament, meaning that he in effect has the one-party government that he hopes to eventually instill in law.
FINE BOUCHE, Main Street, Centerbrook (203-767-1277) - * * * (March 31, 1985) This restaurant situated near the Connecticut River in the south-central part of the state offers French cuisine and provides an excellent repast for those on a weekend outing to enjoy the fall foliage.
The figures have been sent to the state's Board of Elections in Albany.
and the Air Force have found that salaries of executives in aerospace exceed those of executives elsewhere by more than 40 percent.
Officials here deny the charge, noting that the standard accouterments of an army, such as a justice system, a corps of general officers and a body of strategic doctrine, do not exist in the civil or rural guard.
Her dance is never just movement.
At a recent panel discussion, Lewis H. Lapham, editor of Harper's magazine, suggested that the announced Ferraro book was an example of ''commercialism'' since ''she isn't writing it'' and the book is not likely to say anything important.
Dr. Dechard Turner, director of the Humanities Research Center at the University of Texas, who advised Mr. Perot on the purchase, has called it ''the summation of all the earlier ones.''
A. FARBER On an August morning 20 years ago Samuel A. Adams, a fourth cousin seven times removed of President John Adams, walked around a partition on the sixth floor of Central Intelligence Agency headquarters in the suburbs of Washington and took up a new assignment that moved him from the Congo section of the agency to the Vietnam desk.
Indeed we have begun to slide into a fictive world that Robert Coover has been building for many books now -the best of them being his novels ''The Origin of the Brunists'' and ''The Universal Baseball Association, J. Henry Waugh, Prop.,'' and his short story collection, ''Pricksongs & Descants.''
Then he quit when Field insisted on breaking PM's first commandment by taking advertising to reverse its losses.
They outrebounded us, 59-33 - 24-18 off the offensive boards.
''What is the 'Open Door'?''
Miss Quijano's credibility has been questioned publicly in the past because she faces car-theft and embezzlement charges and because of her unexplained failure to testify until now.
Some agricultural experts give its supporters a good chance to override an expected veto by President Reagan.
It was late June, a Bermuda triangle in the performing arts calendar, and the reviews for ''Tango Argentino'' would not appear until the brief run was almost over.
Last week AMF nearly tripled its normal volume on the New York Stock Exchange when 1.2 million shares changed hands.
As early as October 1983, the North Atlantic Assembly, which is composed of North Atlantic Treaty Organization countries, reluctantly endorsed President Reagan's research proposal.
Now called the Litchfield County Center for Higher Education, the school faces its first academic year in a decade without the threat of being closed.
* ''I can imagine myself, who, an old woman, never had a gun in my hand, to act similarly under stress of the daily happenings in the 'Big Apple.'
In the last three years the islands have also been developing as a tax haven.
Credit cards: All major cards.
The other groups formerly ruled by Japan - the Marshall Islands, the Palau Islands and the Federated States of Micronesia, in the Caroline Archipelago - are seeking semi-independence in ''free association'' with the United States.
''We must learn to become less concerned about paperwork and more concerned with the victims.
Originally, Alex, as played by Kevin Costner, had appeared for about 10 minutes in a flashback in the film - 10 minutes that were cut.
''Everyone's visual sophistication has rocketed.
Red Auerbach, the president of the Boston Celtics, has long been an admirer of Sly Williams, dating to Williams's high school days in New Haven.
The couple is living temporarily in Hartford.
There had been a belief that CBS would successfully broaden its base, but so far it has not developed a diversification strategy that works.''
In June 1965, near Caieiras, a mass of the insects stung 500 people.
*3*** COMPANY REPORTS ** View Full Article in Timesmachine »
Complicating the issue further is that the Endangered Species Act did not take effect until 1972, and endangered products owned before that are legal but cannot be sold.
Nevertheless, for all our outrage, it cannot be forgotten that persons criminally accused of child abuse are, like all defendants, presumed innocent and entitled to all appropriate constitutional protection.
That means Kelvin Ransey, Darwin Cook and Ron Brewer will be fighting for crumbs.
Real strength, quietly maintained and not openly brandished, can indeed be a useful support to diplomacy.
A Polish application to rejoin the I.M.F.
But an aide to the Governor said tonight that exemptions to the withdrawal limit might be granted.
Miriam Chaikin's ''Ask Another Question'' goes a long way toward meeting the needs of parents and children for relevant information presented in a lively narrative.
Many travelers over the Thanksgiving weekend will have something extra to be thankful for.
In fact, the faint, zig-zag line of the wall and all other artifacts blend into the background of browns, greens, blues and whites of Earth at altitudes of as little as 400 miles.
Demolition is normally left largely to the contractor, but in this case Mr. Moore and Mr. Zamecnik supplied a precise, sequential plan to coordinate the demolition with the bracing.
North lost his one-hole advantage, and at the lunch break he was two down after Ballesteros had holed putts ranging from 4 to 14 feet.
Voting is scheduled to take place at three union halls between 6 A.M. and 8 P.M.
Excerpts from a paper by Robert Lerman, a professor at Brandeis University, one winner of a recent contest in which the Institute for Socioeconomic Studies, in White Plains, asked for essays proposing sweeping welfare reforms: The most fundamental waste in benefit programs for the poor is the stigma they impose on families lacking money to meet even minimal needs.
Because the Bears' defensive line is one of the best in the league, he has played rarely.
''We have to develop ways of getting students who have never seen a play before into the theaters and meeting the playwrights,'' Mr. Edelman said.
Northwestern University, on the west bank of Lake Michigan just north of Chicago, plays second fiddle academically to the University of Chicago, and on the athletic field, it plays 10th fiddle in the Big Ten.
Mr. Miller suffers from tinnitus - ''a ringing in your ears that won't go away,'' he explained - that started when he played guitar in a Michigan punk band.
Mr. Rozenholc and Mr. Moore said although they had met with Mr. Trump's representatives several times, there were no talks now under way between Mr. Trump and the 60 tenants of the building.
T he gods of the racetrack have a way of paying back those they have punished.
But without him, forget it.
And you're starting at the top.''
's refusal to arrange new funds for the bank or a merger with a healthier institution was a ''grossly arbitrary and capricious abuse of discretion.''
A.The origin of that word is obscure.
Some governments may also provide apartments.
Indeed, some diplomats contend that the pressures Mr. Bush encountered over Taiwan may have had their origin in one of Mr. Deng's periodic ''feints to the left,'' demonstrations in symbol and substance that he shares some of the instincts that impel his political detractors.
In 1976, he retired from the Navy, After retirement, he first ran a car radio repair shop in Norfolk with his brother Arthur, then he worked as a private detective, owning several agencies.
I don't really know a hell of a lot about world politics.
Several men in hard hats stand around a steam hammer.
Near the conclusion of the ceremony, Mr. Reagan was handed a gift from the naval graduates by the class president, Ens.
The Argent official, Allen Glick, is not a defendant in the case.
Not everyone agrees with all the Layton assertions.
procedures don't apply to us.
''The wind wasn't really blowing that much,'' he said, ''and it was all over in 30 or 40 seconds.
So began another day at the United Nations International School in Jamaica Estates, Queens.
He finished with 1,109,178 to Sandberg's 1,050,549.
The cold, the Mayor explained, ''automatically creates the necessary presumption that, to us, that person is in danger of dying.''
With their low rents and unusual amenities, including one of the first municipal swimming pools in the area, apartments in Greenbelt were much in demand, and a committee screened the applicants closely.
For two years, he was co-director of the perinatal unit at Monmouth-Ocean Medical Center.
And will the 7300 feature a built-in telephone, so that both the computer and its human users can communicate?
Lord at War, victorious in his last five starts, paid $7 for $2 to win and covered the mile and a quarter in 2:00 3/5.
''This is a really hot topic,'' said Janice Wolf, a tax manager at Ernst & Whinney.
The city's Buildings Commissioner said that the crane had been used without proper permits and that the sidewalk where the woman had been walking had not been blocked off, as required.
It was nearly 20 years ago - Jan. 17, 1966, at 10:16 A.M., villagers say with precision - and Miss Flores was 6 years old.
Yield: 3 or 4 servings.
When compared with how people elsewhere feel about their states, ''the recent surge of state identity and pride has brought New Jersey up to what might be considered normal levels,'' the report said.
Because Historic District status had been granted in the interim between the first permit and the amendment, she said, the plans should first have been submitted to the commission.
Like Tenniel's illustrations to ''Alice in Wonderland,'' like Cruikshank's to ''Oliver Twist,'' these sketches contribute to the story a new and pleasing dimension, so gracefully do they complement the qualities of the text.
Indeed it starts out on a lofty note, promising to dissect what Mr. Cosell calls ''the Sports Syndrome,'' or the loss of perspective on sports in America that has been caused by ''the unholy alliance between the three television networks and the sports print medium.''
His previous marriage ended in divorce.
''I don't think the question of Woolworth ever came up.''
Eduardo Galeano, a Uruguayan writer and editor who recently returned to his homeland after more than a decade in exile, has seized this equivalence of form and content.
* John Sheedy and J.William Wardell have moved up to senior vice president at Lord, Geller, Federico, Einstein.
Such gains were only nominal in the 1983 period.
She told him of the dangers of drugs.
Gamla fell in A.D. 67, months after the beginning of the revolt in A.D. 66; Masada at the end of it in A.D. 73.
''They are much more competitive for triangle racing,'' he said.
And the underlying economic conditions that make these attractive investments are unlikely to change very rapidly.
So it is easy to see why Giacometti has been a ripe and challenging subject for a biography.
What she did not need to say was that boredom can be a very dangerous thing in her sport.
Outlook 'Very Good' on Cape Cod On Cape Cod, where tourism is the largest business, Michael Frucci, the executive director of the Cape Cod Chamber of Commerce, said ''The outlook for this summer is very good.''
''Before the Olympics, I used to eat, sleep and drink gymnastics, and that was all,'' says Miss Retton, who manages to appear cheerfully composed during a lengthy interview in the living room of her Houston condominium.
''We need to preserve our ability to acquire vital political and economic information, maintain contacts with religious leaders, dissidents, academics and cultural figures, monitor military maneuvers or the installation of new weapons systems, expand opportunities for American businessmen, provide the full range of consular services to American citizens in distress.''
''In every real estate deal at Century 21, there are two people: a buyer and a seller,'' Mr. Creedon said.
The strategy appears to have enabled a great many Manville workers to make peace with the company's travails.
and the National Aeronautics and Space Administration, whose pilot, Fitzhugh Fulton, flew the aging airliner by remote control from six miles away.
You can answer for yourself.
None of his predecessors could have said that so soon after taking office.
How important this highly unusual attribute is to the virulence of the bacteria is still unknown.
His father, president of Wine Products Inc. in Sea Girt, was founder and president of Air Treads Inc., a manufacturer of aircraft tires, wheels and brakes in Clifton, N.J.
Perhaps it is permissible to call Pearl Harbor a ''triumph of tactical surprise'' but objectivity demands that it also be described as a sneak attack against a naval base of a nation still at peace.
''Man, what a way to lose,'' he said.
''I had seen them riding my bike to work,'' reported Adrian Benepe, spokesman for the Parks Department.
Brock's most difficult adjustment, says John Robinson, the Rams' coach, has been gaining familiarity with his receivers, Henry Ellard, Ron Brown and the rest.
They include one sponsored by the Philippine-American Chamber of Commerce, with gImelda R. Marcos, the President's wife, as the guest of honor, and a reception given by the African American Institute at the Sky Club in the Pan Am Building in honor of Mr. Diouf of Senegal.
Jewish groups have expressed their approval of the exhibit.
O THER than the poor excuse that the humor is needed to keep the spice fresh, ''After Goliath'' lacks an evident concept, attitude or purpose to accommodate its slangy high jinks.
Apart from opinion polls that show relentlessly that his party will do badly in elections, there is a fight going on among the Socialists over whether to march on adamantly on a losing track or to proclaim a change of platform towards the moderation they have come to practice.
When the bullets went into him he didn't have to spurt all over the camera to make you realize he was hurting.
The income will be sent to the cities and towns, under a formula to be established, and the localities could use it to hold down property taxes.
One woman who escaped after being picked up Aug. 6 described a car, a dark 1984 or 1985 Buick Regal with a baby seat, and helped with the drawing.
Mr. Cohn was among analysts who contended that the prime was still too high.
Price: $1,713 including air fare from the United States.
Second, is the picture important?
Well, in the case of this particular chap, one first prepares for law school at the University at Buffalo, now part of the State University of New York, but instead of the law one goes under ground in Nevada for a couple of years as an Air Force officer with hands close to the launching button of a Minuteman missle.
''I have been in the financing business as an investment banker for 13 years and have done more than 100 financings,'' he said.
The public wrangling over the airport melee has had several consequences.
Some legislators, like Senator David F. Durenberger, Republican of Minnesota, who has just become chairman of the Senate Select Committee on Intelligence, have been encouraging the Administration to come up with a plan under which Congress could openly finance the rebels.
Gross Revenues Over all, the industry's gross revenues were up 25 percent last year, to $2.5 billion, from $2 billion in 1983, according to Vincent Hope, vice president of Hope Reports, a market research firm that specializes in audio-visual communications industries.
That process is expected to take another two weeks or so.
Few of the objects, which were products of that first flash of revolutionary idealism that was snuffed out by the imposition of Socialist realism, have ever been exhibited outside the Soviet Union.
Mr. Shaheen said that, given Rumson's reputation and its central Monmouth location just minutes from the ocean, he expects that business or professional families will be most likely to buy at Rumson Park.
Mayor Blackwood said that Mr. Scarpino earns ''about $22,000 a year;''because of the heavy caseload in Mount Vernon, he ''works almost on a full-time basis.''
Yes, dear faithful people who have come together in this square from various places, some of them very far away.
Like many Americans, people in this small town of 4,700 people, where Mrs. Webb now lives, were confused by her recantation and wondered which story was true.
Man the Pampers and/or Luvs!
He's an exciting little guy.''
But Mr. White did continue to oppose ''the club's'' willingness to accept contract concessions.
''It also makes me really scared about how they let these things out.
That is what we have been doing with Emily, and will start doing with Hilary.''
''There is no question that this is a national trend,'' Dr. Love said, pointing out that 37 percent, or almost 470 students, in the school of agriculture are women these days, highly visible in all except one of 19 specialty areas, such as agronomy, animal science, bioscience and environmental resource management.
A Federal district judge today ordered the former teamster union president, Roy Williams, to begin serving a 10-year prison term for conspiracy to bribe a United States Senator.
The Pope's supporters argue that the ''contradictions'' are more apparent than real.
It is hard then to envision Miss Ball, who for nearly a quarter century was television's lovable, zany, harebrained ''Lucy,'' in a serious television drama.
Alain Dejammet, spokesman for the Foreign Ministry, stressed in an interview today that the review fell short of a formal ''reassessment'' of France's Middle East policy.
An Indian museum can be a collection of important cultural artifacts.
This made the Athenaeum one of the five largest libraries in America at that time (the others being Harvard, Yale, the Library of Congress and the Library Company of Philadelphia).
Biggs appeared to be the least among the American boxers who could suffer such a predicament.
''I continue to be amazed by how many companies have instituted smoking policies or are in the process,'' said Dr. William Weis, chairman of the accounting department at Seattle University's Albers School of Business.
Noting that his party controls two-thirds of the National Assembly, Mr. Marcos said it would be impossible for an opposition president to pass legislation or elect a prime minister.
In addition, it usually has a half-tone lower pitch.
When manure is available from cattle raised on the farm, yields can be even better than with commercial fertilizer.
are equally effective in heartwarming reassurance about basic human nature.
A Federal grand jury indicted a California businessman today on charges of illegally exporting to Israel over a period of three years 800 devices that can be used to trigger nuclear weapons.
''What they've packed is the Fed.''
''For what she is designed to do,'' he says, ''Ticonderoga is the most formidable warship in the world - there's nothing else that even comes close.''
When the off-duty fire lieutenant did not move quickly, one or more of the gunmen fired three shots at him, the police said, and two of the bullets hit him.
That tendency has continued under President Chun.
has made the most of the tax code.
Mr. Bean and Miss Lobban had been drawn primarily by the availability of space - 8,000 square feet on a floor that straddled two buildings.
This is at least double the rise in the cost of living or the increase in personal income for the same period.
''Most of it stems from the proper order of work flow, not currency valuations and other things.''
Three months later, a second trial began.
Today's Columns Further changes seem inevitable in the steel industry.
Stocks were generally dull in a holiday-shortened week, despite Monday's record close for the Dow Jones industrial average.
This time, his winning jump broke his 1981 American record of 57-7 1/2.
State investigators of the leasing of three office buildings in New York City by state officials have uncovered evidence of irregularities, according to officials of the State Commission of Investigation.
FOOTBALL ATLANTA (NFC) - Placed Steve Bartkowski, a veteran quarterback, on waivers.
*3*** COMPANY REPORTS ** View Full Article in Timesmachine »
Public Interest Cited The companies serve 164,000 riders a day in the Jamaica area and northern and western Queens.
Tarzan: [tapping her on the chest] Me.
In the past, the Administration had acknowledged that field testing and, certainly, development of antimissile systems was forbidden by the treaty.
The Simon Bolivar, the second of a new class of submarines armed with intercontinental missiles, had been launched by the Newport News Shipbuilding Company but had not yet been commissioned.
That ill-advised proposal would produce the most revenue.
He was also twice named the C.F.L.
Because Marlys is so busy, she arranges for Phoebe to live with a young artist named Ben Reuben, with whom Phoebe immediately falls in love: ''A person like me who tends to fall victim so effortlessly to love at first sight also tends not to learn from experience.
But before Hershiser delivered one pitch to the plate, he threw six times to first base, driving Coleman back each time.
Government strategy seems to be to fragment the opposition forces, which are already divided by ideology and, more deeply, by personal rivalry.
Gale Sayers, the Hall of Fame running back of the Chicago Bears, was named athletic director at Tennessee State.
Jamek, at Weissenkirchen in the Wachau, is one of the four best restaurants in Austria.
How then would reducing its benefits or increasing its taxes cut the deficit?
Last year, 44 homes in Bristol were weatherized by Mr. Plumb's agency, up from 27 homes in 1983.
John Hoyland will also open his studio for an in-depth view of his paintings, and Arthur Foss, formerly of the National Trust and author of ''The English Country House,'' will give a slide-lecture at the hotel.
Can she expect support from enough men to enact such legislation?
But the difference is not only in formal organization: Mole and Thomas's image implies discipline, preparedness and resolve, that of the Russian Revolution suggests upheaval and social atomization.
As the Politburo begins to lay out another five-year plan, he surely would prefer to devote more funds to the welfare of his people.
The Taiwan official who spoke today said Mr. Liu's last report as a paid agent was a handwritten memorandum, dated Oct. 1, 1984, discussing Chinese troop movements along the China-Vietnam border.
''When I first started, I was working a regular day shift,'' he said.
Mr. Lindberg lends an identity to the towns the train passes through, most of them hardly discernible on a highway map.
Barth Gardner proclaimed March 3, the night the Huskies play at Notre Dame, ''Marv Harshman Day.''
The Secretary also said an operational aircraft carrier would based in Pensacola, Fla., replacing the training carrier Lexington now based there.
The printers' union was founded in 1852 and is the oldest American labor union in continuous existence.
This is a time for glancing in windows, gathering in groups, stopping in at the Bormio Bar for cappuccino, grappa and pastries.
Of those, 13 came in the third period to prevent the Celtics from breaking the game open.
They are now irrigating and fertilizing their marijuana crops, and acreage planted in marijuana doubled last year.
Alamco received net proceeds of about $6.1 million, which was used to repay debt.
Jesse Jackson said today at a news conference that he was prepared to go to the Middle East if he could visit four Americans held hostage by terrorists.
After several members and close confidants of the Saudi royal family were given transplants at Presbyterian Hospital, for example, the Saudis endowed a chair at the University of Pittsburgh, which owns the hospital.
Irene McReynolds of the sheriff's office.
$5 Billion Auction Yesterday's auction of $5 billion of special cash management bills was only the beginning of the sizable Treasury finances expected by securities dealers as soon as Congress increases the Federal debt ceiling.
It was unclear whether the officers would testify.
For donors, giving blood is a personal and humanitarian gesture.
Ultimately, we will be judged on how we reduce the deficit.''
The Dow Jones industrial average climbed to yet another record, but traders took some profits in secondary stocks.
I feel that the town is focusing its effort into the wrong area.
CPC said it continues to regard Mueller as a sound business, but it believes it was ''seriously and deliberately misled into paying an inflated purchase price.''
After Noah had defeated Francisco Gonzalez, 3-6, 6-3, 17-15, 6-4, Pecci and Leconte took the court.
The new collective bargaining agreement between the players and the owners recognizes the change in vehicular taste of the players.
However, the latest chapter in the saga of the fighter from Philadelphia did not dislodge ''Indiana Jones and the Temple of Doom'' and ''Return of the Jedi'' from the top of the box-office mountain.
For two weeks, Mrs. Stringer had appealed - through a 30-second television spot shown widely in the state, and through newspaper advertisements - for a turnout that would fill the Carver-Hawkeye Arena.
In his previous eight Big East games, Berry has averaged 5.7 points in the first half and 11 in the second.
But in each case, those were won with lower bids than that same public operator was quoting when they weren't forced to compete.''
Fleeing war and starvation, they come by foot, camel and donkey.
The recommended dietary allowances were first published in 1943 as a guide in ''procuring food supplies for national defense.''
The play, which smacks of the stuff of sitcom at its silliest, evolved from a reading held at the Crossroads last summer.
What other writers do you think influenced you?
In 1983, residents of the Villas in Nassau, a 137-unit condominiun in Plainview, L.I., sued after trying unsuccessfully to persuade the town to pick up their garbage.
GOOD ENOUGH TO DREAM By Roger Kahn.
The completion date for the line has been set for 1987, he said.
It's also a thinly veiled attempt to reinstate the state's sodomy laws that were thrown out by the Court of Appeals in 1980.''
Suits like Union Carbide's illustrate the importance of color in packaging, even though Union Carbide was not expected to win its suit solely on the basis of color infringement.
Later tourists drove through ''reservation country'' and bought rugs from the trading posts.
They weren't going to trade me.
Even before the accident, the Andersons were a shy couple, living modestly despite his nearly $1 million annual compensation.
Dr. Donald Kennedy, the president of Stanford University, said in a telephone interview that universities should do more research, but that ''the blunt fact is it is extremely difficult and they may not know how.''
''Kiss of the Spider Woman'' unfolds slowly at first, building gradually and carefully until its momentum becomes urgent and palpable.
''We have lower land costs and lower financing costs,'' he said.
Riley responded by saying that he had not ''seen any of my players clothes-lining anyone'' - a reference to the incident in Game 4 of last year's finals in which McHale flattened Kurt Rambis of the Lakers on a fast break.
This summer, Americans pledged $70 million in one day to assist Africa's famine relief.
''We are very close to unraveling the biological enigmas of the disease.
But it's largely the demands of business that have tapped out Nashville's creativity.
The company originally built its reputation as an insurer of the elderly.
''But it's also going to be a great cultural experience for the kids.
Besides providing nutritive value, slugs don't like the shell concoction.
But I can imagine going back someday, and being satisfied with just that, just that life.
I had been teased too many times for being Mrs. Rosenbloom's pet.
This will show whether the wardrobe is heavy on pin stripes and light on plaids.
At the same time, the New York State Board of Regents has begun to put into effect a policy that requires rural high schools to offer advanced college placement courses or face the prospect of having to merge into larger school districts.
They are a stronger bunch than came over last year for the first Breeders' Cup at Hollywood Park.
Expert on Church and State Born on June 21, 1925, Mr. Spadolini was editor of Corriere Della Sera, the respected Milan daily.
The exhibit continues through Feb. 17, open daily except Fridays from 10 A.M. to 5 P.M.
Kirk Gibson not only fits that description but unless the Detroit Tigers suddenly re-sign him, he will be available as a free agent.
The Administration has publicly charged Moscow with three violations of the 1979 treaty in its February report.
With Princeton moving, Navy seemed to fade.
Computers have spawned new fields like cognitive science, he wrote, and the very act of programming computers for use in the classroom can force professors to think much harder about their pedagogy.
The payment would be $51 a share in cash and $11 a share in a subordinated debenture for each common share.
As an economist, however, he said he supports the theory of free trade.
these thirty-five years saw tremendous changes in the social, political and economic landscape of America.
''There's a conspiracy of silence,'' said one source close to the negotiations.
''In a hundred years on Houston Street, no one's ever asked how many calories there are in a knish,'' says Sonny Berger, a co-owner.
Judge Sarokin stressed that the 1968 law treats former mental patients more stringently than some convicted felons, who can ask the Government to exempt them from the law.
The match - the Cup of Champions final, matching Europe's best professional teams - was played after a delay of more than an hour while the police and riot troops gained control of the stadium.
In April 1983, mousse made its debut in America, when Cosmair test-marketed Valence in beauty salons.
In their first two games the Cardinals, seeking to offset double coverage on Green, had begun to use their backs effectively in the passing game.
He said the guerrillas, undaunted by the Vietnamese offensive, had staged their deepest penetrations of the Cambodian interior since the war started six years ago.
The festival's first production will be ''Measure for Measure,'' which begins June 21.
A LIX GRES didn't get here, but her first ready-to-wear collection of evening clothes did.
Mrs. Kahan said he also asked her if her parents still lived on Fern Street.
''The unemployment compensation system is intended to provide people with temporary income during brief periods of unemployment,'' Mr. O'Keefe said in an interview.
Lawmakers said Mr. Reagan promised he would veto the tax bill if substantial changes were not made by the Senate.
It was not clear how many men had hijacked the plane.
Early on, he had explained that a few years back the top ranks at Hearst Magazines, already the proud possessor of Good Housekeeping, felt there was a vital niche that existing women's service magazines were not specifically homing in on.
I'm proud of our team.''
Under the agreement, which settled a lawsuit brought by black and Hispanic officers, 200 black and Hispanic officers who failed the sergeant's exam in 1983 were among those promoted.
''Well, Bob, I hope you will.
They would make it easier for absentees to register and vote in both primaries and general elections, and would simplify registration for naturalized citizens.
Television doesn't mean to condone child sexual abuse, but again there is a question of desensitization.
To create windows in the front facade, he had to remove some of its terra cotta statuary; Pharaonic figures were resituated in the lobby and corridors.
At the end of the 19th century, the tradition they established was carried on by such artists as Charles Russell and Frederic Remington, and the impact of all their work resonates in the paintings of such modern artists as Jackson Pollock and Helen Frankenthaler.
However, like the mechanical drawing, typesetting and shop classes of yore, they constitute a craft, participation in which should remain elective.
They are going to understand.
The corporate takeover bill, which passed the Assembly by 127 to 17 and the Senate by 47 to 9, was a reworked version of a bill the Governor vetoed last summer.
Spitfires and Hurricanes by almost three to one, the superior performance of the R.A.F.
CBS officials said the advisory would run at the beginning of each installment of the two-part film.
He declined the offer, and he would not disclose the amount.
He said that enforcement against illegal users of the tokens had been strengthened and that violators could be subject to jail terms.
So the good news for Apple II owners occasionally in need of word processing capabilities is that a measure of assistance is now available.
*3*** COMPANY REPORTS ** View Full Article in Timesmachine »
Miss Hayes's television version of the detective - updated with references to Princess Di and Belfast - is more akin to a fluttery but persistent bird.
A Bank's Viewpoint But public statements by the banks were not as encouraging.
Critics who periodically undertake to describe the State of Music, to use the term given currency a generation ago by Virgil Thomson, must be forgiven if they rarely appear to agree.
Results for the latest first quarter include a Federal Home Loan Mortgage Corp. preferred stock dividend received from the Federal Home Loan Bank which increased net income by $211,352, or 22 cents a share.
In the midst of this, Mr. Bowie, never one to eschew irony, plays a few of his patented lines, which curl back upon themselves and end in sputtering shrieks before nestling into plaintive smears.
In contrast to older mobile phone systems, which typically had one antenna for an entire service area, cellular technology works by dividing the area into small cells, each with its own antenna.
Great word, Fox; now, who came up with the arms race?
''Assume, to be charitable,'' he says, ''that the studios keep $350 million, or 45 percent of those pictures' ultimate box-office revenues of $750 million.
In Rome, red-coated dogs were sacrificed each year when Sirius rose just before the sun.
Referring to the African debt, Mr. Ayoub said, ''We will, of course, honor our obligations to repay these debts, but it is becoming glaringly evident that we cannot continue to service and repay these debts and succeeed at the same time in providing our people with the minimum requirements of survival.''
In the two-page letter, Dr.
Claire Tallarico, a spokesman for the city's General Services Department, said, ''The city understands the reasons why the rent was not paid.''
It is possible to rent Princess Margaret's very own four-bedroom villa on the Caribbean island of Mustique for $3,800 a week until Dec. 15 and $4,500 from then to April 15 -except during February, when the Princess will probably be in residence.
Hours: Dinner 6 to 9 P.M. Monday to Saturday; Sunday brunch 12 to 3 P.M. Credit cards accepted: American Express.
* Thomas H. Lee Company, a Boston investment banking concern.
Somewhat more revealing are a couple of sequences in which we see Mr. Wenders, then nearing the end of editing ''Hammett,'' his first American film, in conference with associates and their producer, Francis Ford Coppola.
The security situation in Korea, as usual, was the most important aspect of the visit for the South Koreans, who rely heavily on the American treaty commitment to come to their defense as a major deterrent to another war with North Korea.
*3*** COMPANY REPORTS ** View Full Article in Timesmachine »
Condominium opponents disagree, maintaining any tax increase would be eaten up by the demand for more services, such as schools and police protection.
Although reappointed by President Reagan to a second term as director, Mr. Devine failed to win Senate confirmation and withdrew as a nominee.
''The Holy Father is exceedingly sensitive to the question of relations with Israel, and is exceedingly sensitive to the problems of the Palestinians in the Middle East.''
More recent appellate decisions, including Friday's ruling here, have challenged both the premise that cable systems are natural monopolies and the conclusion that this justifies interfering with their discretion in programming.
Hofstra 70, Manhattan 61 By The Associated Press Luke Murphy of Hofstra scored 11 of his 15 points in the second half to lead four scorers in double figures.
For one thing, Polaroid's profit could jump about 50 cents a share if the dollar just stays at current levels.
The grass event, at about nine furlongs, is a prep for the Appleton Handicap here Jan. 19.
Ten inches of snow fell in the night in northern Utah at the Alta ski resort, after up to 14 inches fell in the state's mountains Monday.
Heath, originally signed by the Yankees in 1973, hit .250 with 13 home runs last season.
''They're both good players for their age,'' said a State Department official who often plays with them.
For a few months it met in a couple of borrowed board rooms at Rockefeller Center, and then it settled down for a while at what was then the Bronx campus of Hunter College, women only.
The company was now split into four divisions.
In face of the protests, the White House defended the cemetery visit as being in line with a theme of reconciliation that the President will stress during his trip to Western Europe beginning April 30.
Administration officials offer winks and nods about a secret bargaining strategy.
It is a remote region reachable by launch via a river.
Probably because Bowie Kuhn knew the owners would have defied him, if not laughed at him.
The Senate majority leader, Bob Dole, said today that he hoped Congress would pass a bill before next week's recess.
His group gave three concerts at the Cathedral of St. John the Divine, on Amsterdam Avenue at 112th Street.
You've got to love football to endure all that.
Mandatory curbs on nonessential water use remained in effect in New York City, however, because rainfall over most of the city's reservoirs has not been as abundant as it has been recently over the Delaware Basin.
However, the decline in confidence about the economy's general outlook did not seem to hinder consumers' plans to buy homes, cars and major appliances, the nonprofit, business- sponsored research organization said.
The Freer's Indian holdings have a curious and spasmodic history.
Meaningful economies can and should be effected, but not at the cost of lessening our product.
Realizing that the flames were from Mr. Morgan, Mr. Garrett said he grabbed a fire extinguisher and put out the blaze.
Sears, Roebuck, at the top of the active list, rose 1 3/8, to 38 1/2, and R.H. Macy gained 1 7/8, to 51 1/8.
The bottom line, Mr. Shuman said, is that ''you get what you pay for.''
But the image of coffee drinking is sedate, and the coffee shops generally have unremarkable names like Mozart, Renoir (a big chain), Cozy Corner or St. Germain.
Prizes range from $2 to $5,000 for the instant game, with some winners becoming eligible for jackpots of up to $2 million.
she shouted as she belted out ''Just in Time'' to a pounding piano accompaniment) plus high points of the old, basic Nina Simone as ''Porgy,'' ''A Little Sugar In My Bowl,'' and her protest songs, ''Mississippi Goddam'' and ''Four Women.''
They provide a sense of pleasure, rather than purpose, he says.
For Mr. Ma, the most interesting musicians of his own age are those who question the assumptions about career and repertory that others tried to impose upon them.
Walt Terrell (13-9) took the loss.
In its first Christmas season as a completed development, the South Street Seaport seems to be suffering from an identity conflict.
At Princeton, Cornell and elsewhere, several Nobel laureates in addition to Dr. Glashow of Harvard have added their names.
That lasted until a military regime took over in 1958, which in turn was overthrown in a civilian coup in October 1964.
Written by Philip Massinger and first produced, it is believed, in 1633, the work reminds Mr. Kahn of the television series ''Upstairs/Downstairs,'' wherein, he said, ''servants and masters live in their own worlds.''
According to Hal Gerrish, a forecaster at the National Hurricane Center in Miami, the course Hurricane Kate takes from about midday today will determine its effect on coastal states.
So much had been stated before.
He also said that current monetary penalties for antitrust violations in cases brought by the Government are often too small to inhibit would-be violators.
The Sackler is technically free-standing, but is set on a very tight building site flanked by two of Harvard's best-known buildings, the Fogg Art Museum and Gund Hall, the school of design.
The United States wants Europeans to share in Star Wars for political reasons, and Europe wants to share for commercial reasons.
Wife Suffered Stab Wound ''They didn't do anything to me,'' he said.
The trial of Richard W. Miller, the first agent of the Federal Bureau of Investigation to be accused of espionage, heard testimony today tending to support his position that he was seeking to infiltrate the Soviet intelligence agency, the K.G.B.
And a manager at the West Side furniture store that printed the cards promised a three- man crew to mop up the mess.
A law sponsored by Senator Raymond J. Lesniak, Democrat of the 20th District (parts of Middlesex and Union Counties), has tightened the requirements for reporting chemical accidents and raised the penalty for not reporting, from $2,500 an incident to $10,000 for the first offense and up to $50,000 for repeated offenses.
It is possible to do so, but any time one is using a complex, memory-intensive, four-disk program, life is a lot easier with a hard disk.
The world's most famous pianist had been invited to play at the Royal Palace in Constantinople for the Abdul-Medjid Khan, a music-loving sultan who retained Giuseppe Donizetti, brother of the composer, as his kapellmeister.
In addition to the trade advertising, Bion-II will be further promoted in co-op ads run by manufacturers using the process.
To Murray Burnett, it is as much a custody battle as a contractual dispute.
The young flautist, Kent Jordan was given only a single tune and not enought time to develop it.
He means, of course, that the explosion was in embryo, not the industry.
The Reagan Administration said today it was pleased that Mikhail S. Gorbachev had agreed in principle to meet with President Reagan but that ''much serious work'' is needed before a meeting is arranged.
Inevitably it overlaps to some extent with a book like David S. Wyman's comprehensive account of American reactions during World War II, ''The Abandonment of the Jews''; inevitably, limiting itself as it does to the way Nazi enormities were covered by the press, it is more narrowly based.
'' There is some question these days about Mr. McGuigan's life expectancy as Connecticut's chief criminal prosecutor after seven years in office.
The bidding gave no hint that his partner was void in that department, and the double sounded like a penalty action against opponents who were sacrificing.
If I understand what has usually been meant by a tragic sense of life, it is something that our playwrights do not have and which Miss Graham does.
The defendants, as leaders of the Perry County Civic League, helped many of the county's older black residents mark their ballots.
Lagging cash prices for pork, however, will likely weigh on the market in the longer term, he said.
''They talk of things improving, but in a very nebulous manner.
---- Gullikson Will Face Sadri NEWPORT, R.I., July 13 (UPI) -Tom Gullikson outlasted fourth-seeded David Pate, 7-6, 6-7, 7-5, today to advance to the finals of the Volvo/Tennis Hall of Fame Championships.
''Technique-wise, Blanton Collier was head and shoulders above everyone else,'' says Shula now, referring to Collier's insistence on drilling his team in the classroom and on the field.
At a time when many private universities are cutting back because of a decline in college- age students, Hofstra has flourished financially.
That county, rather than its individual municipalities, identifies the market for recyclables.
A Low-Key Debate But the debate has been deliberately low-key.
'' On Sunday night, Mullin overcame a one-for-four shooting performance in the first half to finish with a dozen points in 15 minutes.
These pieces are far from seductive, short as they are on sensory appeal and conventional compositional order.
One would think that they could, given their substantial, tax-subsidized salaries, behave with more compassion toward the taxpayer.
The dollar staged a sharp retreat yesterday as the prime rate of major United States banks sank into single-digit territory for the first time since October 1978 amid expectations of more interest rate relief.
Except perhaps in 1980, when the Yankees had won 103 games during the season, Dick Howser has never had the better team to manage in the playoffs.
Although he has not decided where he will go, his father and his brothers would like to see him continue the family tradition at Rutgers.
Hayden Planetarium, in the American Museum of Natural History, West 81st Street and Central Park West.
The Celtics lost in the title round for only the second time in their history.
Murray H. Finley, president, and Jack Sheinkman, secretary-treasurer of the Amalgamated Clothing & Textile Workers Union, said the President had ''vetoed the future for hundreds of thousands of American textile, apparel and shoe workers.''
Homeowners' costs rose, as did gasoline and medical care prices.
''You try not to let these things bother you but it does affect the ballplayer,'' he said.
Similar celebrations were scheduled around the world.
I think they've got to manufacture more and more of their products offshore.
The Union League has been just as accommodating.
The number of farms with milk cows has declined from 1.1 million in 1965 to 285,740 today.
The contribution roughly doubles the private funds available for the study of such topics as international security and the prevention of nuclear war.
Doubles from $100 to $150, including Continental breakfast and dinner.
The dollar's muscle cheapened competing Western European products in the United States and inflated the cost of Brazilian goods in Europe, in each case by about 20 percent.
The Queen watched at the finish line as a tight pack of four racers rose over the horizon at the end of a long, narrow, straight canal just outside of Leeuwarden.
''After a heavy snow storm, the border is obvious - our side is always plowed first.''
In separate incidents, Sheila and Jane each get a chance to sneak around and examine the private nooks of the other's house; both find their best friends' dwellings as mysterious as if the families had never met.
Their most immediate consequence, however, was that her parents spoiled and petted her, something she wasn't slow to take advantage of.
Neville Levy, U.S.N.R., retired, and the late Mrs. Levy of New Orleans.
It included newsreel film of J.F.K.
For example, the patent on Valium, a Hoffmann-La Roche product that has been one of the most widely used prescription drugs for 15 years, expires next month.
The restrictions: The maximum home price is $96,000 and family income must not exceed $42,500 income - except in target areas.
PETER SKEIE Director, Straphangers Campaign New York, Jan. 31, 1985
Mr. Kissinger's irresponsibility was breathtaking.
Boat Trips From the ferry terminal (206-464-6400) south of Waterfront Park on Pier 52 you can take a 35-minute voyage to Winslow, on Bainbridge Island, for a walk around the quaint town or a picnic at nearby Eagle Harbor Waterfront Park.
However, with the normal interruptions of business hours, it took me the better part of a day, even following Graphwriter's relatively good on-screen instructions, to load the program and produce my first satisfactory graph using this complicated software.
Mr. Craxi hailed Mr. Cossiga's election as a symbol of what he called Italy's new ''political stability.''
The Argentine Government reported that it had drawn down $235 million under a standby agreement with the I.M.F.
''I have an omelet man coming in to prepare brunch, lunch and light suppers for our clients,'' Mr. Weir said.
Four of the bodies were found on a hill about 200 yards from the demolished plant, according to Lieut.
This has been tried and found wanting again and again, giving us nothing but mounting deficits, higher interest rates, a huge negative trade balance and further discredit to the governmental process.
Sales to individuals were not hampered by use of a book-entry system.
Lost City Arts, 257 West 10th Street (Hudson Street), New York, N.Y. 10014, 212-807-6979.
He was born at the zoo on Aug. 20, 1981 and died of heart disease at the age of 17 months.
Eighteen high-ranking officers have been transferred out of the station house, at 103-51 101st Street, and five, including a lieutenant, have been indicted on assault charges in connection with the use of stun guns.
Judge Battisti said he would accept such a compromise under certain conditions.
''I enrolled in the retraining program and then I will look for a job because I can't see myself sitting at home.
''The houses in Crossroads are very small and very tightly.
Explaining the new equipment, however, is like detailing parts of an electronic erector set.
Two of them are still there, having now lived in three different homes.
According to the sources, First American sold its mortgages to dozens of thrift institutions nationwide, and they will probably have to sue to get paid.
But no matter how high he soars, to his friends and fans back home ''the Boss'' will always be the nice, quiet boy who never forgot his working-class New Jersey roots.
The proposal is to tax it.
The handsomest American dress was any of Geoffrey Beene's slim, long-sleeved confections of black and gold lace.
The company is the financing subsidiary of the International Business Machines Corporation.
Iona vs. James Madison and St. John's vs. St. Bonaventure, 12:30 P.M. (Television - MSG, 12:30.
What Is Affected Mr. Reagan's order barred ''all imports into the United States of goods and services of Nicaraguan origin; all exports from the United States of goods to or destined for Nicaragua, except those relating to the democratic resistence.''
Today the trees seem fine.
At least three notable examples of such theatricalization were seen this season.
Calls were not returned yesterday by Indian officials in New York and Washington.
Dr. Martin Luther King Jr. (Mrs. Wilson remembers he coming in for lunch around the time of the march on Washington), Jesse Jackson, Senator Lawton Chiles of Florida, Police Chief Maurice Turner, Cab Calloway and Sugar Ray Leonard.
Additional information is available from Max Shapiro, Great American Sports Camps (5764 Paradise Drive, Corte Madera, Calif. 94925; 415-924-8725 or, in New York, 212-926-4299).
A song about a relative entitled ''My Name Is Jay'' became ''I've Got the Flu.''
It's pleasant because it gives us, among other things, Helen Forrest, who sings some of the same songs she sang 40 years ago.
In one of the incidents in November in Franklin Square, the police said as many as 225 teen-agers may have been involved in the fighting.
Democrats like Representative Bob Edgar of Pennsylvania, a leader of the Northeast-Midwest Congressional Coalition, called the package not a freeze, as the President had promised, but ''a big chill'' to domestic programs.
We handled it during Tarkenton to Jones, remember.
DOMINICAN REPUBLIC: DOMINICAN REPUBLIC TOURIST INFORMATION CENTER 485 MADISON AVENUE, NEW YORK, N.Y. 10022 (212-826-0750) Update The republic, the eastern two-thirds of the island of Hispaniola, which it shares with Haiti, is adding three hotels in the Puerto Plata area on the north coast.
The fans, in light of the rivalry between the Calgary Flames and the Oilers, could not adopt the Edmonton players for even one night.
''This phrase is key,'' said Miss Aleandro.
The town may give its approval only in return for an agreement to certain customized restrictions, such as more stringent height restrictions than normally apply to new construction.
The authority said it planned to buy seven ferries with the capacity to hold 600 people each.
He became chairman of the sociology department in 1965, and in 1969 he joined the Wesleyan faculty as a sociology professor.
Some insist that the self-adjustment mechanism has just been delayed.
There are vast panoramas, frequent gunfights and a large assortment of handsome, loner-type heroes who manage, for the convenience and sheer photogeneity of it, to join up and travel together.
''Gold-plating'' is the Pentagon's term for designing expensive extras into new weapons.
In response to a question, he said: ''I think the United Nations is necessary for the world.
''Sound bounces around so everyone can hear,'' he said.
Following the dancers will be eight musical performances, which run from classical to jazz and country, under the title ''Soundings.''
's ''arrogance,'' have also taught the consumer products giant some lessons.
In between, four events have been scheduled.
It was not until the beginning of November, according to Mr. Sick, that William Sullivan, the previously complacent United States Ambassador in Teheran (and, clearly, Mr. Sick's bete noire), reported that the Shah had hinted he might consider abdication.
But as recently as 1982, the category of soft drinks with fruit juice accounted for only $25 million of industry sales.
''That's the difficulty the services have - to take promised future savings and trade them against current investment,'' said Mr. Gansler.
The studies indicate, too, that a mayor, for example, can no longer assume that the city he perceives that he is running is quite same as the one that his voters think they live in.
While up to six percentage points separated the first and last of the Big Six volume producers five years ago, today each circles within one point or so of an 11 percent share of the 10-million car market.
''What's required to find a desirable share is really climbing - it's rising beyond $400 to $500 a month,'' said Leslie Lewis of Lewis & LaBella.
Currently the state spends about $2.4 million a year.
Experts are hopeful that the recording devices can be found.
The stores accept American Express, MasterCard and Visa.
Jeweled cuffs by Francois Lesage at Carolyne Roehm.
The Chief Judge has been quoted as saying that district attorneys have so much influence on grand juries that ''by and large'' they could get them to ''indict a ham sandwich.''
He wanted to be someone else.
Advocate of Women's Rights The Hecklers' marriage ended earlier this year in a divorce agreement that avoided potentially embarrassing public testimony about their marital difficulties.
But he said he was not giving up.
The tournament consists of six-man teams representing the United States, Europe, Japan and Australia.
Dino Seder, a Washington-based consultant, made seven different commercials for Mr. Gibson, with one of them devoted entirely to the Mayor's efforts to improve Newark's infant mortality rate from the worst in the nation to one of the best.
Fiction 1 THE WHEEL OF FORTUNE, by Susan Howatch.
As may be inferred, Mrs. Moore is not a natural dramatist.
Grieg and his music are the focus of the Norwegian Rhapsody Tour, scheduled for May 20 to 30 and sponsored by the Edvard Grieg Society, a nonprofit organization formed to further the performance, knowledge and appreciation of the musical work of Grieg and his Scandinavian contemporaries.
On the other hand, it would be obvious folly, in the event of a genuine national emergency, to keep the President's hands tied.
Also on the program are works by Handel and Scarlatti.
Tavernier asks rhetorically, explaining his fascination with transitional epochs.
Asked if he would be filing disclosure papers soon, he said playfully, ''I have no plans today to file them.''
Buyers should inspect pieces carefully for their general condition as well as their appearance.
Yesterday, a bill to permit regional interstate banking in Illinois and six contiguous states was close to being voted upon in the Illinois Legislature.
In addition to these displays, usually staged in motels, the Kraefts assist in organizing museum exhibitions and occasionally act as guest curators as well as giving lectures.
The accomplice, Ali Atwa, a 21-year-old Lebanese, was flown to Algiers from Athens on a Greek plane.
The style is to hop from bar to bar, standing elbow to elbow at each, munching on appetizers called tapas and drinking canas, glasses of draft beer.
'We Can't Exempt Agriculture' Senator Dole said he hoped to capitalize on a growing feeling that Congress had to get serious about reducing Federal budget deficits.
While Mr. Hammond is obviously a skillful and sensitive player, he was conintualy hampered by the limitations of his instrument: phrases bumped along-one note sounding appropriately moonstruck, the next like fualty plumbing.
''It's a Pavlovian reaction,'' said the official who chose the message for this year, which was ''Happy Holidays.''
In New York City, there is a court action against both Bernard Haldane Associates and its affiliate on behalf of clients by the office of the New York State Attorney General.
The Marines were a stop along the way to New York, as were two seasons as a Pennsylvania high school coach; seven years as an assistant at North Carolina, his alma mater; a year at South Carolina; another at Georgia Tech, and finally head coaching at Georgia Tech from 1967 to 1971.
The name of the dish derives from the Old French rille, meaning leftovers, which is how the word was used in the tales of Pantagruel by Rabelais, born near Chinon in the Loire region.
The Administration agreed to waive the sanctions and let Japan catch sperm whales for two more years.
It has been another week of bad news for the Jets.
Hundreds of friends and colleagues gathered Saturday morning in the Old Whaling Church here to recall the life of Henry Beetle Hough, the editor of The Vineyard Gazette for 65 years.
Prices rose yesterday on apprehension about economic data.
More airlines are expected to adopt the system soon.
'JEWISH LIFE' PHOTOS Arthur Leipzig, whose photographs have appeared in the Museum of Modern Art and the Metropolitan Museum of Art in New York, traveled the world for 12 years to produce an exhibition of 50 photographs that will go on display next Sunday at the Y.M.-Y.W.H.A.
Consumer spending has been a driving force behind the current recovery.
Last Tuesday, a Harris County grand jury handed down a second indictment in the Hermann Hospital Estate scandal.
Ex-Deputy Chairman Blamed In the interview, Mr. Weber blamed some of the American subsidiary's problems on Anthony J. Parkinson, a management consultant, who had served as the company's deputy chairman from last summer through Christmas, during the chairman's illness.
Translated by Salvator Attanasio and Graham Harrison.
The inn presents nightly entertainment and has an indoor pool, tennis and racquetball.
No one not directly concerned with the play will be allowed in.
Mimi Lord, who follows A.T.& T. for Prescott, Ball & Turben in Cleveland, agreed with the assessment.
In their only other series of the season, a week ago at Shea Stadium, the Mets lost the first two games, the latter when Fernando Valenzuela outdueled Dwight Gooden, then won the last two, (Television - Channel 7, 8 P.M. Radio - WHN 1050, 7:30 P.M.) College: College World Series, at Omaha, Game 7.
Kelley, 68, as chief executive at Consolidated.
Down on the Manhattan and Brooklyn bridges the lamps were snapping alight like beads dropping onto a string.''
A particularly fine design in this group is merchandised under the rather coy designation of ''The Baby Advent,'' a name that has nothing to do with Christmas but merely signifies that this is the smallest model made by the Advent Corporation.
The new Sudanese leader, Gen. Abdel Rahman Mohammed Hassan Swareddahab, was described yesterday by a former Minister of Information of the Sudan and by a Sudanese Ambassador as an apolitical career military officer.
T ensiomay be l h: ical ire ter ean $ 6 a 1 a I tenant colonel $26,028.
This marketing concept flourishes in a region where, with an average outdoor temperature of 64 degrees, most residents shop in artificially lighted, climate-controlled environments.
The travel is the same.
And in a third, the artist enchantingly depicts the tale of a fox transformed into a woman, who leaves the human child she has borne to return to foxhood.
''The manufacturing sector has been weak for a year now and we expect for that to continue for another six to nine months,'' said Priscilla Luce, an economist at Wharton Econometrics.
Two private hospitals accused of repeated incidents of dumping potentially infectious wastes have been barred indefinitely from using city landfills to dispose of any of their waste, the Sanitation Commissioner announced yesterday.
There are degrees of leadership that defy measurement.
My childhood was one of grinding wealth.
Brazil and its bank creditors achieved a breakthrough in talks on stretching out repayments for about half of Brazil's $98 billion debt, the largest in the developing world.
Mr. Volcker is expected to testify again today before a House subcommittee.
Our principal residence is in Baltimore.
''But last year, he fundamentally was not real good.
We stand up and say we do it, and the consumer relates to that.
I think he really did everybody a lot of harm.
As to financing the new show, Miss Miller said, ''WLIW-TV is committed to Long Island.
Homfeld is the first rider to win this competition twice.
Wrapping aluminum foil or installing a cylinder of hardware cloth around the trunk of susceptible plants will ward off rabbits.
The modern dress updating works most easily with the four young lovers, who, as played by Janet Zarish, Jodi Long, Ken Marshall and Norman Snow, could be Ricky and David Nelson and friends on a romantic lark.
Pittsburgh is offering $225 million of general obligation refunding bonds, which were tentatively priced yesterday with a maximum yield of 9.23 percent for bonds due in 2007, through underwriters led by Paine Webber Inc.
I mean people do break down and go crazy.
If the Reagan Administration has its way, the Social Security Administration will be substantially cut back in the next few years.
Abuses in tax shelters abound, particularly at yearend.
Asarco said the court denied another request by Weeks Petroleum Ltd. to preclude MIM Holdings Ltd., a holding company with mining interest that holds an 18 percent stake in Asarco, from voting its Asarco shares.
''Williams ignored it,'' said Sweeney, ''and Cooney persisted.''
An almost revivalist message promised mutual aid among those who joined his organization, in return for absolute loyalty to him.
Robert C. Byrd, the Senate minority leader, said he had told Mr. Reagan that he was ''in for a big surprise'' on what the legislation would mean for his military buildup.
For three days, police officers have been staging protests over the manslaughter indictment of an officer who shot an emotionally disturbed woman.
b-After a loss from discontinued operations of $2.9 million.
Saturday BIBLICAL GARDEN IN MANHATTAN Aloes, a plant whose crushed leaves were mixed with myrrh and wrapped with Jesus' body as a preservative; lentils, which were used to make the pottage for which Esau sold his birthright, and cucumbers, leeks and onions, all vegetables eaten by the children of Israel during their bondage in Egypt and for which they longed during their flight in the wilderness, are all growing on a quarter acre of New York City soil abutting the Cathedral of St. John the Divine.
Live cattle rallied after sinking Monday to their lowest level since 1978 on expectations that the market was ''a little oversold,'' said Tom Morgan, a livestock analyst with Heinold Commodities in Chicago.
Wealthy nations, he said, ''must leave to one side all discriminatory treatment in commercial interchanges, above all in the market for raw materials.''
''I know where I'll be the next time the comet comes around,'' one woman said, an ironic, almost bitter note in her voice.
Dr. Martin Luther King Jr. was recalled by Representative Charles A. Hayes, Democrat of Illinois.
Including the game that day against Pittsburgh, he has started all 12 games since, and the Mets have won 11.
At least one child a week dies at the hands of its parents, according to the report.
Despite what he called ''the clear offensiveness of a group of federal judges threatening the Chief Judge,'' Judge Battisti reconstituted the committees.
THE FETISHIST, by Michel Tournier.
THINK of O. Henry and you think of surprise endings, which is to say, his tales lose something at a second reading.
'ZORBA' AND DINNER ''Zorba,'' the musical play based on the film ''Zorba, the Greek,'' is continuing its regular run at Neil's New Yorker Dinner-Theater on Route 46, Mountain Lakes, through March 23, but it will have a special New Year's Eve performance.
One could regard it as a sampling of what awaits theatergoers when Stratford is once again in full operation, presumably next season.
Both Mr. Beyroutey and his attorney are seeking to have parents of the other youths join in their appeal.
Yet the Westheimers made no money in 1984, when prices were 15 to 20 percent lower than in 1983, and they do not know if they will make money this year.
----Baylor Ties Record Baylor, who has made an art of getting hit by pitches, tied Minnie Minoso's American League career record of 189 when he was struck on the left forearm by a Langston offering in the first inning.
That the 19th century was the setting for a remarkable burst of re christianization is seen in that century's number of prominent theologians, in its vast proliferation of new sects and churches and in the relentless march of missionaries from the West into the outer world during the era.
Mr. Dole then told reporters, ''We think there is a good chance we can do this or something like this'' in the Senate.
Violence in South Africa spread to townships near Durban, on the southeast coast.
The fireworks will be shot from a barge off Bar Beach Town Park on Port Washington's West Shore Road at dusk on Friday.
Snell said that he had set a goal for himself of making the majors in five years, but he added: '' The years went by so fast that five years didn't seem long.
However, the financial drain on Coleco from its unsuccessful Adam home computer ruled out the multi-million-dollar series.
On deal 158, Marcelo Branco, holding a freak 6-6 distribution, managed to get himself doubled in four spades and make an overtrick.
Because writing entails unlimited risk for limited profit, only the most experienced options traders should engage in this side of the business.
Post, associate director of the Office of Personnel Management, said the Government ''has traditionally restricted agency use of temporary employment to prevent improper use and abuse of employees.''
I didn't give him enough of a history in my head and I think it showed.
A little more than a year ago, the show's main character began talking over the idea with Allen G. Schwartz, his lawyer and agent, and William Rauch, his press secretary and the co-author of the book.
#3 Years as Leader ''No,'' the witness replied, adding later that he had once participated in a narcotics discussion and had also introduced two Mafia members before they engaged in a drug deal.
The one-volume edition of her memoirs, ''Out of Africa'' and ''Shadows on the Grass,'' is one of the fastest selling of all current paperback books.
And when Galdy Galleries has an exhibition, the month's budget soars to $10,000 to cover such costs as the printing of 1,500 invitations, the framing and transporting of drawings and champagne receptions for art lovers.
Also under the museum's jurisdiction are the Cabinet War Rooms, the underground emergency offices of Winston Churchill, his cabinet and chiefs of staff, in the Government Offices on Great George Street.
The panel also ordered the Tewksbury Teachers Association and the School Committee to resume bargaining.
Le Pen's appearance at his party's convention was the latest in a series of recent events that, mixing scandal, accusation and denial, have pushed the National Front toward the center of the political scene in this country.
She provided no other details, but said a statement would be made later today.
The bishops said that ''pastors should exhibit common sense,'' following reasonable rules of hygiene and asking people with contagious diseases not to drink from the cup.
Certain long-recognized formal inconsistencies of the novel - its oratorical flourishes, its freewheeling plot, its often digressive narration - are partly byproducts of his reworked plan.
The New Alternatives Fund is a small fund that specializes in supporting alternative energy companies.
Elliott is a one-time football coach at Michigan who came to Iowa in 1970 when Dr. Grant arrived.
It is small, wooden, painted white.
Kerr was pointing in Keenan's direction, too, last week, but not in such glowing terms.
That assistance continued in 1972, when Michael was accepted at Universidad Autonoma de Guadalajara.
But Administration officials have also said the United States must be prepared, under the Rio Pact of 1947, to dispatch military forces to the region if the security of the Western Hemisphere is threatened and if members of the pact agree to collective action.
The teams are scheduled to meet two more times.
When Miss Eggerth married Mr. Kiepura, who sang leading roles in such operas as ''Tosca'' and ''Turandot,'' she was, she said, ''very young.''
A little too much of the humor is directed at ridiculing certain signs of aging, from having hair in one's ears to incontinence.
That's why they're at the beach.''
But at the end of the two-day meeting, Mr. Gromyko agreed on the joint statement calling for negotiations on three areas - limits on medium-range missiles, reductions in strategic arms and preventing an arms race in space.
Administrative and Budgetary Committee - 3 P.M. Committee on Conferences - 10:30 A.M. SECURITY COUNCIL Meets at 3:30 P.M. on Nicaragua.
The bride, who received a master's degree in social work last month from Boston University, graduated from the Saddle River Day School, Colby-Sawyer College and Gordon College in Wenham, Mass.
And the Federal Government musn't shirk its responsibility to help undo some of the damage that it created.
Many of the buildings were operating at a loss before the rehabilitation.
The JWT Group reported yesterday that its second-quarter net income was off 6.5 percent, to $5.8 million, or 62 cents a share, compared with $6.2 million, or 68 cents a share, a year earlier.
''I suppose you'll want the oysters,'' she will say, ''but I'd like to try the pate.''
IF nothing else, cable has provided a little more television room for the occasional worthwhile oddity.
Before joining Union, Mr. Harrigan spent more than two decades with First Interstate Bancorp, a Los Angeles-based bank holding company with 21 banks in 11 states.
Newhouse Jr., chairman of the company, to resign ''because of a difference in management styles.''
Others may have their favorites.
John Robilette, director of the program, believes that it is ''one of the best cultural bargains the American people ever bought.''
Last year, her father, while participating in an area bike-a-thon to raise funds for the American Lung Assocition, was killed by a drunken driver.
The site has been inspected by engineers from other American and European cities.
Mr. Gould was interviewed by the assistant state commissioner of housing, Hector Del Toro, who said Mr. Gould might have a conflict of interest because his firm represents the Apartment Owners Advisory Council.
So far, he said, the 102 clients that have used the system have been hiring a variety of people - international economists, personnel directors, sales personnel, programmmers, health care workers, to name a few.
Take the case of Robert Louis Stevenson's hair.
''He was a wasted draft choice and a waste of money.''
More than 300,000 people have died because of the famine in Ethiopia, according to the most conservative estimates.
When Mr. Koch asked three weeks before the Democratic primary if she had paid for the day off, Miss Bellamy said the matter would be resolved at the end of the year.
''I don't think they understand they're coming from Elmont.
I guess I was just as heartbroken as anyone on the team,'' he said today.
I use it to sip soda and soup at lunch.
Mr. Stockman, who always seems to get in trouble around here for telling the truth, said that unless President Reagan and the Congress agreed to raise taxes, the Federal deficit would probably remain around $200 billion a year through 1988.
His testimony under cross examination had been assailed as containing numerous inconsistencies.
The Red and White Fleet (415-546-2810) operates 45-minute tours of the bay every 30 minutes or so from the wharf, with the first boat leaving at 10:45 A.M.
Paterno shrugged, looked at the floor, and spoke softly, almost too softly to hear.
The apparatus of high culture meant nothing to him.
But the Finance Committee's approval today suggests that Mr. Baker will meet little opposition.
The reorganization will eliminate the two separate product groups in Apple, the Macintosh and Apple II groups, the source said.
The 10th anniversary of the fall of Saigon was big; the Geneva summit was bigger; the hostage crisis was biggest of all.
Another son, Ricardo, was killed in a car accident in Peru soon after Mr. Perez de Cuellar became Secretary General.
Bolero and weskit vests are fully lined and have crocheted detailing on antique paisley wool for $120, or other collages of corduroy, silk and satin for $110 to $200.
This year, however, Martin has not yet blamed a urinal.
''Maybe somebody at one of these companies did not fill out a form,'' he said.
The Liberal Party leader, Robert Bourassa, will return to the office of Premier, which he held in two Quebec governments from 1970 to 1976.
Assembly lines in newer factories rise, fall and twist, allowing workers who install parts underneath a vehicle to work standing up or even seated.
He didn't have to, he said, because ''Lew is not like that.
The reason for the change, he said, was the continued strength of the dollar, as well as his belief that I.B.M.
Once again the service sector of the economy produced the bulk of the employment gains, with all but 12,000 of the 243,000 new jobs.
And I got a free day in late October and decided to head upstate to see what I'd been missing.
In a telephone interview, he said: ''There's nothing wrong with Langner's taking the offer.
-Egyptian Border, Jan. 25 - Israeli and Egyptian diplomats are to meet in the Negev town of Beersheba on Sunday to try again to settle their long- running dispute about Taba, a 750-yard stretch of desert with a bizarre past and an even more bizarre present.
A benefit to help the cause will be held in the United Nations Delegates' Dining Room starting with cocktails at 7 P.M., dinner at 8.
The show was the first of its kind when it opened in 1905 as the National Motor Boat Show at the old Madison Square Garden on 23rd Street.
He said his plan also included offering increased payments to local jails for keeping state prisoners sentenced to six years or less.
The modified method, dubbed the ''water's edge'' approach, bases taxation on a percentage of profits made in the United States.
''We'd been getting inquiries for some time and the prices seemed to be pretty good,'' Mr. Murdoch said.
But they believe the new owners will have to continue paring costs and might have to sell off Revlon's stagnant European operations to get needed funds for new product development and promotion.
ROBERT LEE MORRIS is having a very busy year.
Seaboard, which is noted for its imaginative renovations of old buildings in New York and New England, purchased an eight-acre site on the west peninsula of the harbor that has a former chocolate factory built in 1903.
Technically, these five hotels could also be subject to foreclosure, according to Carol Kellerman, deputy finance commissioner.
Even the National Aeronautics and Space Administration and the Defense Department are interested - NASA is studying the air in spaceships; the military is concerned with the environment inside submarines.
The regular apartments are available through five agencies, and proximity to the slopes varies, so specify if that is important when making reservations.
Despite the sharp tone of the comments today, Mr. Speakes said the Administration had no plans to change its policy of ''constructive engagement'' toward South Africa.
However, the contradictions that caused the collapse of the underground, once apparent, may finally define its legitimate relation to the culture.
''They might hire one Latin teacher commuting between two towns, for instance.
'Forgive my eye,' he said, 'all that's above my head.'
The studies were made by the Office of Federal Contract Compliance, which is an arm of the Labor Department, and the Potomac Institute, which is a private research group.
This strikes me as a less satisfactory aspect of his literary evolution.
''My father looks very well and was very happy to see us,'' Mrs. Dlamini said, adding that he was ''prepared to die for his ideal of a democratic and free society.''
At Richfield, Ohio, the Pistons ended the season with their fifth straight victory, defeating the Cavaliers, 116-113.
IT is an odd sandwich that is richly nourishing top and bottom but full of nothing but empty calories in the middle.
''I call this my faux Vatteau,'' he said, and I felt then (and for some years afterwards) that this was everything I should aspire to be.
''This street was like a jail, a solid block of galvanized gates,'' recalled John Baynes, owner of Theresa Fashions on 125th Street.
He and Peterson were not on good terms, and it was no coincidence that Rubin had been shunted aside as head of the banking division in 1977, or that his office was on the 41st floor, next to the trading department.
Hemingway would pack up his gear and hike off by himself through the open country between Little Traverse Bay and Indian River, stooping for low branches, shooting partridge and frying trout with bacon and cornmeal.
A candyland clerk hands one over.
Thus, in the talk of numbers that suffuses conversation here, the goal will be to win at least 63 - some optimists say 70 - parliamentary seats so as to argue that a mandate has been given for Mr. Mugabe to proceed at his own pace toward the abolition of an inherited, and unwanted, form of democracy.
The natural landscape is palmetto scrub, flat and fairly monotonous.
''People are under the impression that I'm supposed to know everything that's going on or I should know everything that's going on,'' he said.
In this anarchic comedy of manners a writer at an Australian campus lectures matrons seeking enlightenment and weight loss; a moving novel-within-the-novel is a tale of resistance to shame and despair.
All three are made on white bread lightly smeared with mayonnaise and, in my kitchen, they inevitably come in three shapes.
The biggest thing is to get your confidence going.
The marchers were shot Nov. 3, 1979, by members of the Ku Klux Klan and the American Nazi Party.
Beware Ignorance: That is the first profound lesson of the American war in Indochina.
Tim Witherspoon, the former World Boxing Council heavyweight champion, will fight James Broad for Broad's North American Boxing Federation title.
ROCKER'S RETURN Sarah Dash was one of the trio that made La Belle, a top-drawer rock and soul ensemble until it split up in 1976.
* R. Stephen Morris has been appointed vice president, ad director, of The Detroit Free Press.
The dilemma of democracy, he said, is that ''people on the one hand say that it is going too slow and others say it is going too fast.
But Dick Brescia, senior vice president at CBS Radio, fears no competition from the Saturday afternoon telecasts by NBC and cable networks, or from the Saturday night offerings on both cable and local over-the-air outlets.
We played a charade with him'' - pretending he was in charge.
According to David B. Kashner, a buyer at Orvis: ''The Gore-Tex people like to come to your store in person to explain their product, how it works and why.
Mrs. Detko said houses in her neighborhood sold for between $25,000 and $40,000 before the last flood.
In recent months, the dollar has slackened a bit and gradually started to push import prices back up.
Di Suvero's work leads us through cultures, through the history of art and through time.
''And be sure to drink lime soda with salt.''
A young man who had arrived at a bus station with a note signed ''Mommy,'' indicating he had been abandoned, and who convinced experts he could neither speak nor hear has been identified as a convict, the police said today.
---- Japanese Help Promised Japan's Foreign Minister, Shintaro Abe, pledged last night that Japan would ''further liberalize'' its financial and capital markets to help drive down the value of the United States dollar and diminish the trade imbalance between the two countries.
Conrail is not just a company but a vital part of our national transportation system.
Currently, CUNY-TV is looking into the addition of programs from Greece, Israel and India to its Thursday schedule.
Gilman (R) N N 23.
Curators and archivists at the Edison National Historic Site here say that preparations are well under way for the laboratory's centennial celebration in 1987 and that a citizens' group is being formed to support and expand activities at the site.
Prudential recently allocated $35 million more to its company-sponsored Prudential Foundation for grants in health projects, education and urban affairs.
The inscription on the bell, which was hauled from the sea last month, was ''THE WHYDAH GALLY 1716.''
Tanzania and the International Monetary Fund failed to reach agreement on a standby credit from the I.M.F.
The programs were continued after the war, and the museum estimates that hundreds of thousands of Washingtonians have attended the concerts or heard them live over local radio.
When I was 12 and an altar boy, I often helped him prepare for weddings, funerals and baptisms like this one.
One is to save energy and the other is to lengthen the life of electric bulbs.
Stastny picked up the second rebound, as all the Canadiens rushed to the slot, and calmly rapped it along the ice and into an open left side.
Both Koch and Sutton have shot consecutive rounds of 66.
Terry O'Reilly and Dave Reid tallied for Boston.
The television program - introduced by Fred W. Friendly of the Columbia Journalism School and produced by the media and society seminars in association with public television stations and 10 news-gathering organizations - has wasted too much time.
Mr. Sharon shies from talk of inducing recession as a systemic purge because he identifies with the Sephardic Jews brought into the mainstream during Begin era, who would probably be the first to suffer.
Few of the readers for whom this was written can have tried their hand at picti.
''There are several groups of people who might be especially susceptible to high doses.
''We are talking about a country that is the closest thing to a feudal system in the western hemisphere,'' said another foreign envoy.
Dust thoroughly, then apply two coats of the enamel.
The Soviet reports on the meeting said only that ''the U.S.S.R. will continue to give friendly Nicaragua assistance in resolving urgent problems of economic development, and also political and diplomatic support in its efforts to uphold its sovereignty.''
MAP International, Box 50, Brunswick, Ga., 31520.
An identification box accompanying a book review by Hugh Leonard on April 21 incorrectly stated the title of a book by Mr. Leonard.
And then there was the matter of the gilt touches and velvet seats in the building, which once was a church.
Tomatoes, peppers and eggplants later in the season.
''If there's something wrong with the pack for you, we will accommodate,'' Miss Pinkerton said.
In fact, I wanted it to be over.
Mr. Allmon named two issues that were purchased above current market prices - M. Kamenstein Inc., manufacturers of wood household products, and California Amplifier, producers of microwave amplifiers.
Charles L. Kuhn, the curator of Harvard University's Busch-Reisinger Museum for 38 years, died yesterday in Cambridge, Mass., after a long illness.
And the efforts of the middle brother, Alex, a drug peddler who vastly overrates his own street smarts, are predictably disastrous.
The grounds, which were well maintained, had several sculptures as well as an old Army jeep that police said apparently was ''pop art.''
Mr. Fowler had an eye for the exotic.
If such an argument does take place, in however guarded terms, the Synod could have a profound effect on the history of the church.
Brown and Michel Foucault before her, argues that a human world dedicated to the pursuit of felicity must be orders of magnitude more benign than the present world dedicated to the pursuit of power.
In ''Agon,'' aristocratic airs and graces were combined with athletic skills.
In Sayreville, investigators said that the explosion at the Hercules Inc. chemical plant was an accident.
Such payments so far have amounted to $335.6 million.
He said he reached his decision this morning.
When the Dade County schools decided a year ago to educate the triplets in a separate facility, it was the first time one of the nation's school systems had confronted the issue of school-age children with AIDS, or acquired immune deficiency syndrome.
''I suspect that the jury's got a pretty good understanding of what has taken place.''
A collection of Foster first editions was established by Josiah Kirby Lilley, founder of the pharmaceutical company, who ordered several sets printed up and distributed free to various libraries around the country.
Sitting up here I may see one of them come in.
''So being practical,'' Miss Seger recalled, ''I said, gosh, that's sort of stupid to knock yourself out and then not be able to get a job.''
Across the upper border of a section of the 1083 Bayeux Tapestry is stitched ''Istimirant Stella'' (''They are in awe of the star''), and below the Latin caption, over a scene from the Battle of Hastings, flies a cartoon comet trailing flame.
Michael Tong, owner of the Shun Lee restaurants in New York, has both professional and personal reasons for wanting to go.
In the video, two women dance on stilts to the sound of Caribbean and South American music, some of it from the soundtrack of ''Black Orpheus.''
These two naval surgeons were joined by Dr. Steven Rosenberg, chief of surgery at the National Cancer Institute, the Federal Government's leading cancer institution, and by Dr. Lee E. Smith, a leading colon cancer surgeon at the George Washington University medical center, where Mr. Reagan was given emergency surgery after his gunshot wounds four years ago.
Children ages 3 to 11, half price.
Even when yanked, Seaver managed to impress his manager, Tony LaRussa.
Under the rule, which was promulgated in August but did not become final until April 4, the United States will consider the exporting country to be the one in which the last ''substantial'' transformation of apparel made in more than one country takes place.
Finder said he had made an arrangement with sympathetic shopkeepers in the area that if Russians come to them seeking to buy hashish, the shopkeepers would tell him.
A total of 43 percent said yes, 47 percent said no, and 10 percent had no opinion.
''Our situation improved from bleak to dark,'' said Dave Winfield, who drove in the game's first run and scored the first of three runs the Yankees added in the eighth inning.
''Attempts to gather for worship by members of other faiths are treated as illegal assemblies, with participants sometimes arrested and fined,'' the report said.
One, the Toxic Catastrophe Prevention Act, lets the D.E.P.
Only eight years after ''Good Guys Wear Black,'' his first feature, Mr. Norris has become a one-man cottage industry.
Speculative buying sent coffee futures prices soaring, continuing a sharp rally.
No injuries were reported in the accident, which occurred in frigid weather at 8:45 A.M. on Oregon's main east-west rail line.
Need for Reponse Seen Nevertheless, State Department officials say they know Washington needs to respond to the insistence by Mr. Mubarak and King Hussein that something needs to be done now.
At first glance the proposed cooperation may not seem to begin on a foundation of parity.
This year, with cruise and Pershing 2 deployment under way, that number will rise to 296: 64 British Polaris, 18 French S-2, 80 French M-20, 80 cruise and 54 Pershing 2.
* The amount of interest an individual could deduct - other than mortgage deductions on the taxpayer's principal residence - would be limited to $5,000 plus the amount of investment income an individual earns.
I used to drink shots.
Most of the grilled meats can be recommended with confidence.
A Hughes Aircraft employee traded information on radar systems for $110,000.
A sarcastic snipping at somebody smoking a cigar only serves to lessen the dignity, the distinction.
''Once the seed is planted, other works could be removed in other areas of the country.''
The report said the United States-supported rebels, or contras, were responsible for most of the worst human rights abuses.
Adolfo used her sweaters in lieu of scarves, tying them schoolboy fashion around the neck of his suit jackets and giving her credit in his program so everyone should know.
The students of Kwangju were protesting the military coup that brought Mr. Chun to power, and it was Mr. Chun's Government that directed the uprising's suppression.
Developed by the Sperry Corporation, those devices will warn pilots of a sudden wind shift.
He notes that there are several other potentially important new antivirus drugs that may broaden the attack to include some other important viruses.
Ford was up 44.2 percent, to 82,278, while Chrysler was up 51 percent, to 42,410.
Bobby E. Jones, president of the school division of the Macmillan Publishing Company, said that his house expected to make the necessary changes.
From most respects, it was a fine tuneup for the game with the Cowboys, a team held in special regard by the Bears and their coach, Mike Ditka.
Following are the positions of Representatives from New York, New Jersey and Connecticut when the House today defeated procedures for considering tax revision.
So almost every room in the house, along with the garage, had to be pressed into service.
He will be the eighth to hold three titles, if he succeeds Monday night.
Astronaut as Ringmaster ''The monkeys adapted to weightlessness faster than we did and have become real prima donnas,'' Dr. Thornton said while acting as ringmaster for one showing of ''Animals on Parade,'' as the television show is being called in Mission Control.
''It was all part of setting the stage for its reception.''
Dr. Casteen is married and has three children.
Brand-new Furskins having been lording it over some older bears, including a 79-year-old Steiff lent by a woman of the same age.
The Director of State Operations, Henrik N. Dullea, said the state would appeal the planned denial.
That is the ''crime'' for which he has now been imprisoned and disbarred.
Services at Cathedral Before the museum tour, the royal couple attended morning services at Washington Cathedral as crowds watched outside.
They cannot be eaten up by the Soviet military.
(That is one reason why listeners careless of the specifically tonal and timbral aspects of music are often content with inferior sound systems.)
Maybe not even for a series or two.
While most Japanese auto industry executives said privately that they were not happy with their totals, no one would comment officially and none said they were surprised by the figures.
They had matched scores exactly for 14 of the 16 holes.
For all of 1984, Baxter's revenues dropped 2.3 percent, to $1.8 billion, and operating earnings slid to $228.9 million, from $317.4 million the previous year.
The latest New York Times/CBS News Poll is based on telephone interviews conducted May 29 through June 2 with 1,509 adults around the United States, excluding Alaska and Hawaii.
''I suppose he thought that if he were he would lose his meal ticket, because that is just what I had been to him for years.''
''Besides being politically unacceptable because it would limit Government authority over national territory, militarily it would give every advantage to the groups fighting there.''
He used to watch it for hours when the Chicago Cubs were the enemy.
Further back, soot-stained blast furnnaces shot black and white amoke and flames into the air.
Another incident took place at the Geneva airport.
In the past several weeks the local vineyards have been the scene of intense activity.
Phillies 3, Reds 1 PHILADELPHIA (AP) - Home runs by Juan Samuel, Von Hayes and Ozzie Virgil and three-hit pitching by Kevin Gross carried Philadelphia over Cincinnati.
Both the Cookie Rolling Machine and the Cushion Aire baking sheet are available at the Lee Bailey shop at Henri Bendel, where they cost $20 and $18, respectively.
The family-owned company, which also holds franchises for Brew Burger, H"aagen-Dazs, Schraffts and Chock Full O'Nuts, among others, bought the corner building at 46th Street and Fifth Avenue in 1978.
Pennzoil has the upper hand now, but may not want to risk a protracted legal battle that could end up with the decision being reversed.
Among the experimental targets at or near ground zero were some provided by Canada, West Germany, France, Norway, Sweden and Great Britain.
''I don't think I should have to pitch good tonight to be the starter,'' Andujar said before the game.
After hearing of community concern about the centers, called smokeshops, at its house meetings, the coalition studied the Police Department's arrest pattern and success rate in closing the shops.
Harvard students also joined about 100 students from five other Boston universities at a demonstration at Copley Plaza, where the International Business Machines Corporation has its main office, to demand that the company sever its ties with South Africa.
The Indian government would not provide the required guarantee to admit any possible participating country.
The City Council's majority leader called it an attempt to stifle dissent within the department.
Gross changed his mind again.
The new airport is close to the capital, St. George's, and to the hotel area.
On the same day, Tass, the Soviet press agency, accused Washington of ''pursuing a policy of state-sponsored terrorism in international affairs'' and waging ''an all-out offensive at home on basic human rights.''
West German antiterrorist specialists caution that there is less than meets the eye to the coordination among the German, French and Belgian undergrounds, which have encouraged the seeming existence of a ''Western European guerrilla'' by naming communiques after each others' ''martyrs'' or invoking joint aims.
The last elected District Attorney had been Frank S. Hogan, who, before his resignation in late 1973, had served for 32 years.
''Atlantis'' (Columbia FC40055 on LP, FCT40055 on cassette), his new solo album, is his first in 11 years.
Today's young professionals, whether they are called Yuppies, the Me-Generation or the New Conservatives, are now in their prime restaurant-going years.
And I was determined to have one today.''
They finished last year at 42 3/8, then soared to a record price of 72 in February.
'The Arsenal of States' He said the West should be flexible in what it does.
Perhaps that remark tells you as much about Frayn as about his artistic aims.
The game lasted for 12 days in November.
Character is what business novels must in large measure be about, and this makes them no different from any other kind of fiction.
Indeed, he is the incarnation of what I call the spirit of Prague - he and the other Czech moviemakers, Ivan Passer and Jan Nemec.
Once again we repeat it.
from the All-America Conference, where they had won all four titles in that league's brief history.
Economic Problems The Mayor said most of the city's dozen or so rivers are clogged.
'A History, Sort of Backways' A woman in Benedict Kiely's new book is followed everywhere she goes by her husband, ''the pursuing shadow.''
Among his discoveries: local plants and flowers.
I've got a lot to learn.
The players appeared in a parade.
Most in Demand Independent consultants commanding the largest fees these days are those with fluency in more than one computer language and knowledge of data communications, such as the ability to program small microcomputers to exchange information with large central computers, or the ability to hook many small computers up into what are known as local area networks.
Similarly, management contracts were ended by public hospitals in Greene County and Cuba, N.Y. Other public hospitals have spurned takeover attempts.
''I never expected to be writing a column for Scientific American.
''To me, they're just kids.
The prevailing opinion among officials in the New York State Attorney General's office, for example, is that the regulatory authority would be that office's Real Estate Syndication Section, rather than the Bureau of Investors' Protection of Securities, which usually handles bonds.
''There are no talks scheduled at this time and I don't anticipate anything happening right away,'' said a company spokesman, Jim McGregor.
Mrs. Simpson later told the Italian news agency ANSA that she had heard ''an explosion, then machine-gun volleys, then quiet, and again more explosions and shots.''
College students are keeping more fit than they have been for generations, according to many campus administrators.
''Tomorrow's another day, isn't it?
Novelization of the film about a Vietnam vet who returns to rescue prisoners of war.
In the ownership survey, Runzheimer started out looking for the costs of owning a modest house in several cities for a family of four with an annual income of $30,000.
A MATTER OF PRINCIPLE By Ronald Dworkin.
If the Senate votes for impeachment, Mr. Sheffield would be tried in the Alaska House of Representatives with a state Supreme court Justice presiding.
This band will also perform with Mama Lu Parks's Savoy Lindyhoppers tonight and tomorrow at the Village Gate.
And though the charter on the wall says ''Colored Musicians Club of Buffalo,'' it is a club for jazz lovers of every color.
Assemblyman Patrick G. Halpin, a Democrat of Babylon, L.I., and chairman of the Assembly subcommittee on the Long Island economy, praised the proposed tax cuts and the increases in aid to education.
The report is to be made public Dec. 18.
Its elimination could generally dampen development.
Of course you'd better put armed guards on the payroll if you expect that tenant to do more than look at it.MARTIN WEISS Brooklyn, Aug. 5, 1985
''My cabernet sells for $20 because the wine is worth it.''
The book discusses the World War II migration of blacks to Northern cities and propaganda uses of war-bond campaigns as though they had no World War I precedents.
In the Showtime presentation, the Divers' children have been omitted -''I wanted to concentrate all the emotional energy on what was happening between Dick and Nicole,'' Mr. Potter said - and the murder of the Divers' songwriter friend, Abe North, never takes place.
Mr. Hocke, who is director of operational activities for the International Committee of the Red Cross, was nominated earlier in the day by Secretary General Javier Perez de Cuellar.
83-1894, held that unions violate the National Labor Relations Act by imposing fines on members who resign from the union and go back to work.
We note the variations but are pleasantly lulled by the sameness.
But with the production numbers, it's hang the expense while the arena is immersed handsomely in flamboyant lighting, colored smoke, even pyrotechnics.
More Incentives Offered In an unusual measure to focus every possible effort on Siberian oil development, the ruling Politburo recently decided to offer new incentives to some of the older oil administrations in European Russia responsible for the development of Siberian fields.
According to Mr. Fuller, and to Dr. William Reed, the veterinarian at Belmont Park, Mom's Command incurred lameness in the left front ankle during a workout Sept. 29.
To reinforce glued joints, drive thin finishing nails or brads through the edge of one side of the frame into the other side.
''If we give the residents a little education on how to follow through on problems on their own, they'll know what to do in the future,'' she said.
The conductor, Peter Aaronson, held things together admirably.
Stock exchanges will be open.
Outplacement firms, a fast-growing business, specialize in helping people, generally middle and top-level managers, to handle the trauma of being terminated, write resumes, learn interview techniques, and point them in the right direction to find jobs.
The Better Business Bureau of Metropolitan New York says its arbitration program for dissatisfied automobile owners has increased from 439 cases in 1981 to 14,032 in 1984.
The 10th Charles Paris mystery by Simon Brett is, NOT DEAD, ONLY RESTING (Scribners, $11.95).
Miss Delahunt, who attended Northwestern University, and her fiance are account executives for the CBS Television Network in New York.
In 1946, when only a few of the most popular Bach cantatas were in anything like regular church use, the musicologist and arts patron William Scheide decided to form a touring ensemble to propagate the instrumental and vocal treasures of what many musicians believe to be the Thomaskantor's greatest body of works.
If Mr. Ellis's story seems grossly sensationalistic at times -among the events described are a gang-rape of a 12-year-old girl - it also possesses an unnerving air of documentary reality, underlined by the author's cool, deadpan prose.
Many of the poems in ''Late Settings'' are, in fact, set late in the day, late in the life of the world.
The most exciting auction for many collectors and dealers will be the Saturday evening auction of large lots and collections at 5 P.M. at the Penta Hotel, 7th Avenue and 33rd Street, just across from the Madison Square Garden complex.
Yen King Restaurant 113-15 Queens Blvd.
With a huge, flexible voice that easily cut through any fortississimo the American Symphony Orchestra could dish out, yet that was also capable of exquisite gentility, Miss Dunn made a thrilling Sieglinde - now sweetly surrendering, now thundering forth with a power and grandeur that could shake Valhalla.
''If the deficit is cut, the dollar will only get stronger,'' said Robert D. Hormats, vice president at Goldman, Sachs & Company.
''There's been some sort of a myth about South Africa, that there is due process, that their courts are functioning,'' said Gay J. McDougall of the Lawyers' Committee.
According to The Bank Rate Monitor's national index, the average yield on a bank money market account is 6.90 percent, down one basis point, or one one-hundredth of a percentage point, from last week.
''To me, that is strictly what it is, and if he did it, I don't condone it whatsoever.''
Taken at first for cherry, it was later identified as a crab apple by Gerard Lordahl of the Cornell University Cooperative Extension Service.
''But I don't think we feel jinxed.
In an interview, Mr. Konwicki said that his last four books appeared first under the imprimatur of such illicit publishers before being translated and published abroad.
'' said Jim Dingfelder of the South Florida Task Force on Drugs.
These engines would run on 30 percent natural gas, 20 percent diesel fuel.
Meanwhile, the customs house lies silent.
* Geico Corp. said it is offering to buy its common stock from shareholders who own 99 or fewer shares as of the close of business on Sept. 3.
Mr. Jacobson, who is 56, comes to the company after serving as a trustee of the UV Industries liquidating trust.
'A Special Duty' Here in the capital, the band and the helicopters were part of a Recognition Day ceremony at the Pentagon.
*When the pepper quarters have cooled, scrape off the skin.
Mr. Korman agrees that it is hard for people in their 30's to change, but he heads a three-and-a-half-year graduate architectural program at Syracuse that welcomes younger career switchers.
Have you any idea what can cause this?
For the next 10 minutes, Mrs. Blumenfeld's lesson was augmented by a loud but sporadic accompaniment from the nearby closet - a desk being shifted, books toppling, the clatter of other random sounds.
IF it happens, Lance Parrish of the Detroit Tigers will ''go home and cry.''
Some of the problems, such as union wages and the cost of concrete, are part of New York City and not isolated to housing.
It would be absurd to think that this action precipitated the events in March 1981.
Mr. Perez de Cuellar seems to have emerged as a mediator trusted by both sides.
His father is a partner in the Utica law firm of Helmer & Johnson.
Duhe started eight games in his eighth pro season and accomplished enough to be named to the A.F.C.
Meanwhile, the Veterans Administration lowered its maximum rate on mortgages from 12 percent to 11.5 percent, the lowest in more than two years.
Of the study's 99 subjects, the 53 who were given a local anesthetic spent less time in the operating and recovery rooms than the 46 women who received general anesthesia.
Made of aluminum with a matte black finish, they cost $22.50 each.
However, it is just half the record 206.7 million boxes harvested in the 1979-80 season, before the almost annual freezes began.
This is part of a side of Washington that is mostly hidden from view.
Durden Looper, the co-pilot of the Lonesome Lady.
''We have some of our lectures in the pub,'' Professor Lambert told me, and his wife added: ''We thought we'd publish 'The Fox & Grapes Papers.'
More than 20,000 Karens are said to be refugees in Thailand.
Mr. Quinto also said that the airline had reduced ticket prices to attract customers, and that a one-way Fort Lauderdale-Philadelphia fare had been cut to $59 from $99.
That practice was reflected in the Dvorak and Mozart Tuesday, and it was interesting to see that Mr. Wuorinen adopted it too.
Given the ugly alternatives, President Reagan has no choice but to use the veto.
b-After losses from discontinued operations of $4,447,981 for the latest year and $1,355,220 for the prior year.
In the process, Carnesecca may have laid the foundation for St. John's version of the ''Bruise Brothers.''
Mr. Reynolds who has been named Associate Attorney General, the third- ranking official of the department, contended in a prepared statement that the record of the civil rights division under the Reagan Administration has been ''more active'' than that of the Carter Administration in criminal prosecutions of civil rights violations, discrimination in public employment, enforcement of voting rights, open housing and school desegregation.
Mr. Wing added, ''In many respects, he was an outstanding public servant.''
The airport is well designed, preventing people from wandering about unnecessarily, but airport workers sometimes seem listless rather than attentive.
The state-owned company has 174 coal mines and employs 170,000 miners.
Imaginatively conceived, ''Dream Dances'' is visibly enjoyed by those perform it.
The Dow Jones industrial average slid 5.04 points, to 1,312.72, and was off 8.07 points for the week.
Things can turn out badly, that's all.''
''When the law was enacted, we thought that the Legislature would do the same thing to J-51 that they did to 421a, but they didn't,'' said Lawrence Finkelstein, director of the tax-incentive programs for the city's Department of Housing Preservation and Development.
In the village of Mamaroneck, the governing body, encouraged by the Department of State of the State of New York, found an easier solution: it froze existing land uses in perpetuity by a mere wave of its magic zoning wand.
And I don't mean wearing an orange suit to an interview.
The Securities and Exchange Commission filed an amended complaint in a Federal District Court in New Jersey late yesterday, naming two additional affiliates of the Bevill, Bresler & Schulman group of firms in its charges of securities fraud.
''They went over the entire strike settlement with 35 people for over seven hours, and at the end there was absolutely no comment made by the bankers concerning the agreement,'' said a company spokesman, Ray Johnson.
The ''must-carry'' rule has required cable systems to re-transmit all commercial television stations within 35 miles of the community served, other stations in the same market area and all stations ''significantly viewed in the community.''
In other developments on Friday: Suits on Poisonings Lawmakers failed to agree on a measure to give the victims of exposure to toxic chemicals and substances more time to sue for damages.
But now the promotions are growing in popularity with retailers - ''especially in the new, one-stop superstores,'' according to a survey conducted by Mr. Wahl's group.
And the 20-year-old strikeout star responded by pitching them to a 1-0 victory over the Chicago Cubs, a sizzling six-hitter with nine strikeouts that sent the Cubs to their eighth straight defeat.
''There was a vacant spot of about six months on our release schedule.
No doubt, our officials will go along with this face-saving gesture.
Modifications Are Needed With the conversion kit, the weapon can be modified at a machine shop or a well-equipped home workshop to function as a submachine gun.
''And on the other hand,'' she said, ''there was the lure of the challenge to be really out on your own and take the inevitable consequences and risks.''
''He was known as Mario to his business associates and co-workers,'' she said, ''and to me and the family, it was Mickey.
Congress has approved $27 million in ''humanitarian aid,'' but has forbidden the Administration to provide weapons.
Larry Walters works across the street, in a poster store.
Mr. Kelner said Mr. Goetz, who was indicted on three counts of illegal possession of a weapon, had ''a great deal of sorrow'' about the situation, particularly that one of the teen-agers, Darrel Cabey, was paralyzed and in a coma.
In New York, the fee is based on the value of the estate.
In subsequent cases, this lawyer contended, including a case involving the Bell & Howell Company two years ago, Delaware courts have refused to enjoin the issuance by directors of preferred stock affecting voting rights.
As chairman of the Fordham Road Area Development Corporation, he was the driving force behind the Fordham Shopping Plaza, to be completed early next year.
Mr. Reagan said freedom was on the rise today, although he had seen in his lifetime a world that ''has suffered the twin inhuman ideologies of Nazism and Communism.''
; Sunnybrook Farms Nursery, 2448 Mayfield Road, Chesterland, Ohio 44026, catalogue $1; Taylor's Gardens, 1535 Lone Oak Road, Vista, Calif. 92083; Well-Sweep Herb Farm, Mt.
The Orioles, who were the only team not to have been held scoreless this season, were last shut out on Sept. 21, 1984, by Boyd.
are the most for the Yankees since Joe DiMaggio's 155 in 1948.
As authority chairman, he is paid $90,000 a year.
The dissension began after the May primary when William Robinson, a Democrat and the only black on the Council, was defeated by a white candidate.
Many years later, Mr. Yeager was pulled burning from a crashed jet in a pressurized flying suit whose metal neck ring could not be clipped through by firemen using a bolt cutter.
When the Supreme Court voided the state's death penalty in 1972, Mr. Rideau was given a life term.
''They've had a big financial cloud lifted from them recently,'' Mr. Kass said, referring to the recent settlement of a class action suit against Petro-Lewis.
She teaches in the Union City, N.J., school system.
The regime has failed utterly.
As the La Gloria Oil and Gas Company received the first of its 100,000-barrel order at a terminal near Nederland, Tex., Department of Energy officials said they were now confident that the United States could act efficiently to deal with a supply disruption by moving stockpiled oil into commercial channels within three weeks.
Today the millions of collectors in Japan are joined by members of Japanese philatelic societies in many nations.
Workers are already busy preparing the lower terminal and a restau-rant capable of seating 1,000 people.
The total was well above the pre-sale expectations of the auction company, Auctions by Bowers and Merena Inc. of Wolfeboro, N.H.
America today has its most ideological conservative President.
We haven't got some plan of how it must be worked out.
The conductor-centered idea of opera is the trend of the times; note especially the advertisements and reviews for anything led by Herbert von Karajan, Giuseppe Sinopoli or Riccardo Muti, a particularly ardent advocate of the conductor as principal interpreter in Italian opera (''the conductor must be king,'' he has asserted).
The starter cultures would help protect against botulism.
Those who protest that to confront and cross-examine one's accusers are fundamental constitutional rights know full well that the grand jury does not exist to assess guilt or innocence, but only to determine whether the case should proceed to a stage where such a determination must be made.
Japan, which is thought to have millions of dollars to invest in Vietnam, has withheld aid pending Vietnamese military withdrawal from Cambodia.
Since nothing is available from the horse's mouth, Lexicographic Irregulars are hereby asked: What names are being given to dogs these days, and how do they differ from a generation ago?
The commission also said the new post would allow the elimination of ''overlapping and duplicating of county services'' and save money.
Present student-aid programs have emerged from a political compromise between public and private institutions that has worked reasonably well.
''It was important not to portray him as a disagreeable fellow,'' Mr. Reiner said, ''or the audience wouldn't have liked our lead girl.
Or should the old one, with the British Union Jack in the corner, be retained?
Other banking experts, however, say high-paying thrift institutions are almost always riskier.
On a walk through the farm, Mr. Rothgeb discussed the vicissitudes of the business during its 59 years and why its retail operation, closed this year for the first time since 1971, will probably not be reopened.
A stroll through is a walk into the classic styles of modern art.
''The way I see it,'' the scientist responds, ''if you're going to build a time machine into a car, you might as well do it with some style.''
William E. Phillips, chairman of the Ogilvy Group, parent of Ogilvy & Mather, did not take being dismissed by the new management of Trans Worlds Airlines lying down.
It just stayed there,'' said Driessen.
''Some executive women feel they cannot wear long skirts on the job because they look too frivolous, but they like them when they're not working.''
Her father is a professor of corporate finance and agricultural economics at the University of California at Davis and her mother, Galya Sosnick, is a building designer and a commissioner for the Design Review Board in Davis.
The total cost of the project is close to $3 million and will enable Faden to keep its 44 employees in Brooklyn and add another 40 jobs.
I say there is no alternative.
As an alternative to defaulting, some growers said they would consider selling thousands of acres of farm land, and the water rights that go with the land, to the Metropolitan Water District of Southern California.
Will the U.S. Government allow this peaceful but vulnerable outpost of political pluralism and liberal economics also to fall victim to Pretoria's misguided ambition to establish regional hege-mony?
Mr. Ferris said airline earnings suffered from a reduction in capacity because of flight crew training requirements and a program to restore flights that would ensure on-time operations.
But his left arm seems trapped and something could also be looking at him.
Commissioner King said in court today that the plea bargain for the anti- abortion demonstrators was initiated and offered by the United States Attorney's office.
Four American boxing medalists from the 1984 Los Angeles Olympics continued their progress through the professional ranks with clear-cut victories here today.
officials who asked not to be identified.
In Miss Podcasy's beautifully contoured dancing, one sees a cuddly sylphide - playful, willful and subject to deep sorrows.
Dave Righetti earned his 14th save, and Doyle Alexander (7-5), a former Yankee, took the loss.
Kent Hawthorne in Tahoe City, Calif. About 10 miles away, the authorities, fearing an avalanche, ordered the evacuation of about 100 houses in Squaw Valley.
Roadblock Is Cited Although Mr. Fedders also would not comment on these reports, he did say that the biggest roadblock facing the commission was the refusal of the Swiss Government to cooperate in allowing access to the names behind customer accounts at that nation's banks and brokerage firms.
''I consider this thing a development along with a highway, and there's no alternative that's going to do all the things this would do,'' he said.
Louis's 1958 ''Grotto'' from his ''bronze veil'' series may bring $225,000 and ''Number 3-08,'' a narrow-stripe 1962 painting, may sell for $100,000.
When Dr. Louis Finkelstein reached his 90th birthday in June, hundreds of letters of tribute arrived at the Jewish Theological Seminary, the school where Dr. Finkelstein has spent the last 74 years as a student, teacher, president, chancellor and chancellor emeritus.
Mr. Purcell, who was Presiding Supervisor of the Town of Hempstead before becoming County Executive, has tried to distance himself from the case, despite the fact that Nassau County is one of the defendants.
''Yes, the scientists were riding high these days, preening themselves over their latest triumph, the A-bomb,'' thinks Mapes.
Even so, Mr. Reagan was stung by Democratic attacks charging that he was the first American President since Herbert Hoover not to have met with a Soviet leader.
There was a big traffic jam after the show.
The Hecklers have three children: Belinda, 27 years old, who lives in the Boston area; Alison, 25, a Federal employee, and John Jr., 24, who works for a stock brokerage in Washington.
She has a raw elegance that leaves images of Katharine Hepburn lingering after you meet her.
''I said, 'What's the scheme?'
Eliminating the sales tax on seed and fertilizer, effective April 1, 1986.
But he said that while the city was close to making a deal, the lawsuits might have had a chilling effect.
''One decision I made when I came over here,'' he said, ''is that I do not want to publicly comment on the correctness or incorrectness of economic policy.''
Throughout the day, Spanish-language radio and television stations across the country broadcast notices that telephone communication to the Mexico City area was impossible.
''We do a gas chromographic test, then mass spectromometry,'' said one chemist, Randolph H. Dyer, as he demonstrated the test.
On Friday, an exhibition of his photographs will open at the Barron Arts Center in Woodbridge, and from 7:30 to 9:30 P.M., Mr. Tice will be on hand for a reception.
But there he was today, standing in a classroom teaching 30 more people how to lobby the Legislature for their individual causes, and how to win.
If those were cut, General Wickham asserted, ''that will tell the noncommissioned officer that nothing is secure anymore.''
So he decided to forget all that and play his own way.
The increases are to be compounded, producing a total increase of about 17.9 percent over the three years.
To those not mesmerized by show business mythology, ''The Country Girl'' is an overwritten soap opera filled with unpleasant, self-centered characters.
''The distractions got to us; we fell prey to them,'' said Cross, who is beginning his 10th season.
Mr. Kazin recalled the only time he saw him: ''It was at a party in 1936 in a penthouse of sorts atop a factory in Union Square that belonged to Lewis Gannett, the book columnist of The New York Herald Tribune.
Mats Wilander and Joakim Nystrom routed Boris Becker and Andreas Maurer, 6-4, 6-2, 6-1, today, giving the defending champion, Sweden, a 2-1 lead over West Germany in the three-of-five Davis Cup tennis final.
Today it is the rare composer who is afflicted.
''Fortunately for myself a police officer was on the street.
Securities under review include $4.26 billion of Du Pont's senior notes and debentures, various tax-exempt issues that it backs, and debt of Conoco Inc. and Du Pont Overseas Capital, all of which are rated Aa-2.
The agreement prohibits Mr. Coke- Is-It, 54 years old, from using the name commercially.
After World War I, young Arthur studied at Queen's College, Oxford, earning a B.A.
The strangler fig houses a radio-controlled gibbon feeder.
This Christmas season is one of growing tension within the nation's fur industry.
Jordan seized the West Bank in 1948, and the area's sovereignty remains in dispute.
Indeed, while the range of inventive children's clothes produced in France is remarkable, there seems to be a clearer class distinction than in the United States - the better designed outfits are more frequently beyond the reach of middle-class buyers than in the United States.
As the weather warms, the club will be using the outdoor track at Boys and Girls High School.
Mr. Reagan and Prime Minister Bob Hawke of Australia, who ended a three- day visit to Washington on Thursday, insisted the alliance remained strong.
Finally, unless we all did our jobs, we in Congress would be facing an across-the-board cut on Oct. 1, 1986, a month before Election Day.
Associate Clinical Professor of Pediatrics Case Western Reserve University School of Medicine Cleveland
''I feel so much better now.''
Rare covers in the auction include the unique Kutais provisional bisect (catalogue value $22,000).
Canceling some programs instead of stretching all of them has frequently been suggested, sometimes by military officials themselves.
Or it could try to negotiate treaties with countries such as Britain that are threatening to retaliate.
''It's one of our fastest growing markets,'' Mr. LaMothe said, noting that per capita consumption in France was still below one pound per year.
In an accompanying statement, it offered to turn the body over to the United Nations Secretary General, Javier Perez de Cuellar, if Israel freed 100 Palestinian prisoners.
Gross at a City Hall news conference that had been scheduled with little notice.
Genetic factors are powerful in determining vulnerability to asthma, but not wholly predictable.
He later became rector of the seminary.
Aftershave lotions, which are similar to astringents, may also contain menthol, a mild anesthetic that has a cooling effect but can also cause skin irritation.
Charles J. Berg, who holds a position equivalent to what in America would be called chairman of the board, says that the $4 million is scarcely enough to support a budget currently at some $18 million.
Other late dollar rates in Europe, compared with late Friday levels, were: 2.0892 Swiss francs, up from 2.0780; 7.6525 French francs, down from 7.6550, and 1.3900 Canadian dollars, up from 1.3800.
The nonpurchasing tenant, thus, is often a person who cannot afford to buy the apartment but expects to stay for many years.
''The approach is not new,'' said Herbert J. Ellison, who heads Washington's Kennan Institute for Advanced Russian Studies.
Or the steel mesh wastebaskets on New York street corners that were recently replaced by containers painted bright orange?
Steckel had been an assistant under Grant for five years, working with all phases of the offense and with the special teams.
The term confounded widespread expectations, based on several recent decisions, that the Court was about to relax substantially the constitutional barriers between religion and government.
Citizens and Southern, the largest bank holding company in Georgia, said in a statement from its Atlanta headquarters that, ''except for the accounting issues, which C.&S.
SOME of the most cherished benefits at the work place, including health insurance and retirement plans, face significant changes under President Reagan's tax proposals.
SELECTED POEMS By John Ashbery.
Peter, Paul, Security Guard, Old Man, Male ''Toff'' and C I D Officer Richard Auckland Carol, D H S S Clerk and W P C Candice Brokenshire Yogi, Carl, Ivan, Security Guard and P C Christopher Cornibert JojoLee Morgan NancyMandy Minter Beverly and RoseErhire Onomivibori
It was praised in the author's native England as a ''sort of Jewish version of 'Lucky Jim,' updated for the eighties.''
At no time do we in the developed, industrial world become more aware of the accidental good fortune we enjoy than when the habitual meanness of life in one of the globe's impoverished nations is made even meaner by a natural disaster.
Only three other backs had more than 200 yards against Penn State: Ted Brown of North Carolina State (251 in 1977), Tony Dorsett of Pitt (224 in 1976) and Allen Pinkett of Notre Dame (217 in 1983).
You'd think one of the older members would have cautioned him against tackling such difficult subjects, putting so much energy into his prose style, making his books so different from one another and acting as if he were under an obligation to prove his talent anew each time out.
National The shuttle Challenger landed safely at Edwards Air Force Base, Calif.
He was different from any man I had known.
Another reason for the market's drop - which came in June after a small rise earlier in the quarter -was a delayed concern about the level of Britain's interest rates, which are about four percentage points higher than the level in the United States.
''What we did goes against the mentality of the shoe business,'' related Herman Swartz, an affable 58-year-old whose father emigrated from Russia in 1918 and started out as a stitcher in a Boston shoe factory.
The idea of what has been dubbed a ''Marcos-Marcos ticket'' was seen by many as likely to displease the United States, which has pressed for credible elections.
BISHOP Simeon Nkoane is much concerned these days with fire.
Apple officials attribute the rumors to the low price of Apple stock.
This lull in creativity may or may not have contributed to a coinciding lull in sales.
Since then, he has been moving his trumpet-playing into the context of contemporary pop music.
Roasted peppers Toscana combines two tiny Italian roasters with a large, pale-green pepper.
But Mr. Brooks, who supervised the day-to-day operations of the city government's 10 departments, said he told Mr. Goode that the police would use a helicopter.
They sell off their verdicts to the highest bidder.''
At the time of his suspension by the guild, Mr.
OSH AND I PLAYED OUR FIRST chess game on a squat coffee table in the living room.
Villagers from Meanguera, San Fernando, Perquin and Sabanetas all said that while the air force had bombed in the area, they knew of no civilian casualties from air attack in the last year.
They might not have won the Presidency even once in that period had not the Watergate scandals significantly aided Jimmy Carter in 1976.
It works best when the characters, all of them musicians, simply play and sing.
Sydney Smith, the early 19th-century wit and divine, said that the parallelogram formed by Oxford Street, Piccadilly, Regent Street and Park Lane ''enclosed more intelligence and ability, to say nothing of wealth and beauty, than the world has ever collected into such a space before.''
''That's the tail wagging the dog.''
Then a Pakistani Army major, Barekara Mali Khan, recognized him as a Doon School chum and freed them all.
The contractor, Inspector Richter said, deposited the money in an account ''for the benefit of the Prime Minister.''
''I am intending to start work on 'Strange Interlude' tomorrow - the 31st - hunch - one year on the wagon, my boy!''
He said she had strongly indicated her intention to leave Pakistan soon to take care of her ailing mother in France.
I've always walked away from drugs.
Families come in to claim most of their child's possessions and the surviving friend is largely powerless to stop them.
That decision held that a public official seeking damages for libel must prove intentional or reckless falsity.
''I won't run ads,'' Mrs. Cudahy said.
Wonderful, even sensational, as the small dinner concerts have been (despite the humming this one was a treasure), they have begun to lose something of their appeal.
A Liberal Party candidate, Nicholas C. Costantino, was also on the ballot, but his percentage of the vote did not reach double digits.
''They made all that money, just because they happened to live in that lousy place.''
Baron, which sometimes covers when it should not, did the right thing.
But there is no question that the many warblers, vireos, thrushes and other insectivorous birds that pass through as spring and fall migrants have been severely depressed in the last two decades.
''I felt the team needed a rest,'' said Mike Keenan, the Flyer coach and the sole Flyer participant in the media event.
Companies and banks will not be willing to finance expensive high-technology products unless they are assured of a market throughout Europe.
It was unclear whether those increases lifted the price of the chips above the ''dumping'' level.
Mr. Roybal said the changes were particularly critical because Medicare cost-saving measures enacted earlier were forcing patients out of hospitals sooner than normal, making them more dependent on home health care.
Having just observed the force and length of the Skeena as we had, it was hard to believe that in the 1890's sternwheelers were used on it for the transport of goods.
Relaxation Off the Court On days when Lendl hasn't played, he has gone golfing, which may be his favorite pursuit.
There would not have been much interest in these issues if they were 30 or 40 basis points lower.''
Members of the state's Congressional delegation have asked the Secretary of the Navy, John F. Lehman, to cooperate with emergency-planning officials.
I've written opinions and joined opinions that say the establishment clause of the Constitution should be construed in this way.
George told me to shoot bigger chunks and leave certain things to the second unit and concentrate on getting a performance from Dorothy.''
''It's a bit less comfortable in those parts because they cannot circulate the air too well,'' he said.
According to many of the journalists who covered the trial, much of the circus atmosphere was enhanced by the efforts of principals in the case to influence press coverage.
After years of planning, the Japanese-American sculptor has realized a dream, to gather his art in a self-created setting that is also a work of art.
The vote was 96 to 0.
Officials of Gannett could not be reached for comment late yesterday.
He does not profess to know the answer, but he remains cautious.
921 Club, 921 Prospect Ave. (162d St.).
The setting, the music and the opulently dressed guests transformed the tent at Lincoln Center into a Viennese ballroom.
They therefore measure their fidelity to a stronger defense only in terms of their votes for higher budget totals, as President Reagan himself has done.
He will make a plaster of Paris mold from the clay model and then have the final plaque poured in bronze.
Most people questioned said they were disappointed that Mr. Reagan and Mr. Gorbachev had not agreed on a ways to reduce the arms race, and echoed the Soviet Government's position that the main obstacle to progress in that area was Mr. Reagan's program to develop a space-based missile defense.
It was just an inaugural Saturday at Robin Weir's beauty salon.
Two lunch choices were also tasty.
The Zenger legend dwells on the martyrdom of an immigrant printer abused by a tyrannical agent of the Crown.
T HE New York State Consumer Protection Board reports that the same type and brand of contact lenses can vary in price by as much as $130 depending upon where they are purchased.
Bob Lenti knew that Tuesday morning, after a summer of lifeguarding, when he went back to his job as a teacher, his shoes would not fit.
''Requiem for a Heavyweight'' was a dramatization of the television play by Rod Serling, a relic of what is commonly regarded as the Golden Age of Television.
''We are trying to keep these people here,'' said Esther Mishkin, director of the Washington Heights office.
''We got a lot in terms of our goal of closing this thing down,'' he said.
''The embassy advised me to sit quiet and wait.
Paul Helfer was best man for his brother-in-law.
For the full year, the publisher said that net income climbed 25.6 percent, to $85.9 million, or $6.11 a share, from $68.4 million, or $4.82 a share, in 1983.
The Nordiques, who top the N.H.L.
Actually, when he pictures his decision not to visit a camp as a gesture of reconciliation with Germans, he indirectly, and certainly inadvertently, suggests that all Germans are collectively guilty of the Holocaust that Dachau and other resonant names - Auschwitz, Buchenwald, Treblinka - symbolize.
Miss Caccamo and Mr. Edgerton belong to the current Joffrey generation and they offer a different approach, more naturalistic than stylized.
Mr. Egidio said that Mr. Agca was being ambiguous and that this proved, contrary to his contention, that ''he was an instrument, and seems still to be an imstrument, in waiting.''
In fact, after a long period in which electronic toys seemed to have a stranglehold on toy designers and American children alike, dolls are back in favor with parents of both boys and girls.
The officer, Jose Gonzales, who was in stable condition at Brooklyn Hospital, was shot at 5 A.M. in an apartment at 468 Bushwick Avenue, near Flushing Avenue in the Bushwick section.
Several times, Renfroe called the players' testimony against Strong ''unbelievable'' and asked, ''What manner of men are they?''
Perhaps you think that, as a longtime writer of fantasy (over 20 novels and more than 80 short stories in that genre), I believe in ghosts in the usual, supernatural sense.
Most Russian bread is actually made with imported grain, a large part of which comes from the United States.
He said he was confident the European allies of the North Atlantic Treaty Organization would meet the conditions expected to be required by Congress for the release of production funds.
By early today, most of the troops deployed in the capital's outlying neighborhoods had been withdrawn.
Crocus and snowdrops are in bloom, robins and blackbirds are back, but spring always takes its good old time settling in.
The suprise on the latest index, releaded in November, was that Toyota fell from second to fifth place.
Booth Gardner of Washington, all Democrats, and Gov.
It was in Paris that he came to know the heroic age of European modernism at first hand, and never was anyone a quicker study.
The dollar's strength has disproportionately affected different areas of the economy, so that sectors, such as agriculture and manufacturing, are in the doldrums, or worse, while companies that provide services are flourishing.
Problems With Tenants While Mr. Lowery and officials of the Rouse Company acknowledge that the seaport's income is not up to original projections, it is hard to gauge how well it is doing.
He suggested that the larger pieces shown by Mr. Stavisky might have been among those that employees of the authority had chipped away, as a safety precaution, after the agency was informed of the problem and sent inspection teams to the site.
As I sip coffee and look at the melange of trees, shrubs, day lilies, grasses, myrtle and wildflowers that crowd the bank and hold it fast, memories crowd my mind.
He was 79 years old and had suffered from heart problems and Hodgkin's disease in recent months.
''What's more,'' said the accountant, ''even if they agreed to drop in and help with the paperwork, they'd leave fast when they saw Mr. Deauville there.''
The experts already estimate that the actual gap will be at least $20 billion larger.
It could not be separated from Larry Fuller's original dances.
Since tax revenues keep coming into the State Treasury, legislation was written to permit about $150 million in essential payments to be made in advance of a budget.
With one round remaining last weekend in the Long Island Regional Swiss Team Championship in Hempstead, L.I., three teams were tightly bunched.
Mr. Svahn complained that the General Accounting Office report ''takes a few unrelated facts, puts a lot of innuendo to it and then jumps to some very serious accusations.''
And it is the fun, not the battles, that Joe Rauh likes to talk about.
The largest school district, New York City, received $194.9 million from the lottery.
''The United States has Texas and other large areas so they can talk about 100 kilometer machines,'' said Dr. Rubbia.
As soon as it starts to lose its wet look wipe off the excess with a folded pad of coarse cloth (clean burlap is the best).
In Paris, a stroll along the Seine, browsing among book stalls, or a brisk walk across the Tuileries Gardens, the trees dressed in their yellow, ocher and bronze, bring a sense of joy.
Accompanied by Aides Mr. Mubarak was accompanied to Jordan by Foreign Minister Esmat Abdel Meguid, Information Minister Safwat Sharif and Osama el-Baz, the President's chief political adviser.
It may be purchased for $25,000.
You'll recall that I also expressed some concern about education in New Jersey.
This divisor serves to maintain a historic continuity for the average.
Sports leagues, he said, ''have become a major national industry'' thay ''cannot operate without some rules.''
When they clear, the village car is often saved for Sunday outings or for shopping trips to the nearest town, where it is loaded up with food and other goods.
Tests at Temple University Hospital showed that Liburd, who was born in Trinidad, suffers from Marfan syndrome, a connective tissue disorder that affects the heart valves and blood vessels.
The judge-husband hides behind the shutters and, at one point, pretends to be someone else.
There were no reports of widespread cancellations by tourists or changes in any of the hundreds of conventions, trade shows and balls scheduled this week.
Those working with a Macintosh, however, may have less to fear.
Tom Bills (Manhattan Art Gallery, 81 Greene Street): The largest of these abstract sculptures by Tom Bills are roughly two feet high and one foot wide; they are shaped like reliquary boxes, tombstones or Giacometti plaques.
Smoothing out debt service payments will test cooperation by debtors, creditors and international institutions, he said.
Mr. Schorr said he had not talked to Mr. Turner for more than a year, but after the termination of his contract yesterday he had called him, ''to say goodbye.''
And yet to jettison any notion of jazz as a coherent tradition is wrong, too.
You can also get around cheaply by taking a small three-wheel scooter cab.
''I felt Mike Gminski probably played the best game since he's been here,'' said his coach, Stan Albeck, after the exciting finish.
will bypass its former New York Telephone subsidiary in hooking Merrill Lynch directly with the long-distance network.
Although many of the activities will be the same, the progress records, careful observation and the hiring of social workers and pediatric nurse practitioners at the preemies center will set it apart from other centers.
She said her members, who earn an average salary of $35,000, are the lowest paid of the airline's three unions, and since the machinists have agreed with Mr. Icahn to reductions of only 15 percent, she is not inclined to accept a greater burden.
By Paul Robinson; Paul Robinson, who teaches history at Stanford University, is the author of ''The Modernization of Sex.''
The time-lapse camera is at a site named Camp Seven in part, says Mr. Hofmann, because seven times since it was set up in April 1983 it has been buried by volcanic ''bombs'' and debris from the lava fountains of Pu'u O.
This is a start-up location for the 25-year-old chiropractor and he is exuberant about the choice he made.
AIDES - The United States criticized Bettino Craxi, who resigned yesterday as Prime Minister, for allowing Mohammed Abbas and another Palestinian aide to leave Italy after the United States had issued a warrant for the provisional arrest of Mr. Abbas.
Karen Casal, a daughter of Mr. and Mrs. Frank Casal of East Weymouth and New Seabury, Mass., and Gary Mark Spitz, a son of Mr. and Mrs. Peter H. Spitz of Scarsdale, N.Y., and Stratton Mountain, Vt., were married yesterday at the Boston Park Plaza Hotel.
Craig Detwiler, a Mariner spokesman, said he personally twice gave Cowens the messages, but added, ''I wouldn't hold your breath'' for a response.
His father is an independent insurance and investment broker.
Two New Words Thus, in the newly discovered poem there are two words that, if Mr. Taylor's dating is correct, were used here earlier than the first recorded use discovered in each case by the compilers of the Oxford English Dictionary.
That's a judgment shared by many homosexuals.
Except that you are in New York, and you can ride the R train right there. ''
He decided to give them $5,000 to help out, but vowed not to get involved.
taught economics at Harvard, engineering at Yale, physiology at the Einstein College of Medicine .
Son Sann declined to talk with reporters.
He wasn't surprised, therefore, when, in the midst of a losing season last year, the coaching staff told him he was to play only in obvious running situations.
For example, companies in designated economic zones can import components duty-free, are given much greater freedom to hire and fire workers and they benefit from a tax on profits of only 15 percent, as opposed to 30 percent elsewhere in China.
While conventional treatment of sewage costs about $6.25 a gallon, he said, biological treatment costs about $1.50 a gallon.
One, the Diagonal, is lined with fashionable boutiques.
Its four mirrors, with the combined power of a 15-meter telescope, would ride in a single mount as in the Multiple Mirror Telescope on Mount Hopkins south of Tucson.
Earlier this month the Trust's Northeast regional office moved into its new space, and the other organizations will be in by the end of the year.
The lanterns on North Robinson Street are a sign of a strong block.
The Hitler connection has clouded the study of Wagner for 50 years.
Senator in Retort Late this afternoon, at a closed-door meeting with House members, Mr. Shultz was questioned about his criticism and said he did not mean to impugn the integrity of key Democrats.
Elected president of the organization was Robert Lewis, Washington reporter for the Newhouse News Service.
The only difference is that if you read Paine on his 248th birthday on Jan. 29, he wrote so much better than anybody does today.B
Mystery on Fifth Ave. Nov. 5 - Come for lunch in the main reading room of the Public Library on Fifth Avenue at 42d Street and settle in for an afternoon of discussion and readings about mystery and crime, fact and fiction, by some leading practitioners of the genre: Calvin Trillin, Shana Alexander, Mary Higgins Clark, Gregory Mcdonald, Robert B. Parker and Tony Hillerman.
His ideas were controversial when the play was written in 1895, but today, after two World Wars, Sigmund Freud and the dawn of the nuclear age, they are no longer startling.
As for me, I can see myself in such a future becoming more of a curmudgeon than ever.
RECENT literary criticism has produced an almost medieval luxuriance of schools.
But even as the first artificial intelligence labs sprouted in the backyards of M.I.T., Stanford and Carnegie Mellon, it became clear that the roadblocks to commmercial applications would prove far greater than imagined.
2-DAY FOLK FESTIVAL Bonnie Raitt and Doc Watson are the headliners for a two-day bluegrass, country and folk festival at Silver Cloud Park, Rondout Country Club, Route 209 in Accord, a small town near Kingston in Ulster County.
CHRISTOPHER COLUMBUS is one of those giant historical figures who tend to get lost in the mists of popular myth.
Gross for the decline of the laboratories.
He said his office had an initial list of 38, but that 13 had decided to pay, leaving 25 who were sued for failure to pay, despite repeated requests.
Tudor concedes he may seem confident or cocky or arrogant to strangers, and no doubt his glare is what he needs to lay those magnificent change-ups on the corners of home plate, but the rest of the World Series seems an annoyance to him.
Life of a Pop Composer ''Leader of the Pack,'' which began as a six-performance engagement at the Bottom Line in Greenwich Village in January 1984, and returned for a two-month engagement that spring, is the story of the composer Ellie Greenwich and features a number of her hits, including ''Be My Baby,'' ''Hanky Panky,'' ''Chapel of Love'' and ''Da Do Ron Ron.''
President Reagan has agreed to meet with European leaders after his conference next month with Mikhail S. Gorbachev, according to Chancellor Helmut Kohl of West Germany.
''The only thing that happens is business comes out the loser.
John A. Schoneman has resigned as chairman and chief executive officer of the Wausau Insurance Companies, citing the company's loss of nearly $207 million last year.
In the daughter's case, it is the family's foster son, a crude but appealing workman, one of the few characters who is evidently embarked on an upward course toward success.
Lower oil prices have allayed concerns that American inflation rates would rise due to the dollar's weakness.
The average lag time between viral infection and development of AIDS is at least several years, so if the virus has recently begun spreading more widely among American heterosexuals, as some experts fear, this will only become apparent in the years ahead.
Although the latest rise in M-1, which is currency, checks and checklike deposits, leaves the money supply measure far above the Fed's growth targets, credit market participants seem to have concluded that the central bank will not take any significant actions in the near future to reduce money supply growth by raising interest rates.
CAROLINE D., a musician who lives on Manhattan's Upper West Side, is in love with her Shearson Lehman Brothes financial management account.
It was the only full practice day he would have on the trip, and he used it all, pushing the Knicks through nearly two hours of a grueling workout.
The play begins with everybody being fairly nasty.
He has, in fact, been conducting on and off for about 15 years.
The cruise began July 27 at Stonington, Conn., and proceeded to Fishers Island.
The Soviet Union has mobilized a formidable publicity campaign against the American effort to develop a space-based defense against missiles while Mr. Reagan has not shown willingness to curtail research on the program.
Zum Spitzen Gebel (1 Hinter dem Schutting) a wonderful mariner's bar, daily, except Sunday, 10 A.M. to midnight.J.
The Brazilian-made Bandeirante was on a scheduled flight from Cuiaba to Diamintino for Taba Airlines, a regional carrier, Mr. Curvo said.
''As the upstairs cash market grows, the banks and other big institutions will need to lay off increasing amounts of risk they are assuming each day.
An unusually strong showing also was made last quarter by the Chemical New York Corporation.
But unlike 1-2-3, Symphony has proved complicated; its word processor clumsy.
The most interesting items on the bill were a suite from the Pi eces de Violes of Marais, a sort of French Purcell, full of fancy and strangeness, and some Pi eces de Clavecin by Claude-Benigne Balbastre, a fascinating progressive from the second half of the 18th century.
The whittling away of our park land must be stopped; inappropriate activities that damage the park, such as the races, should not be held.
Kerosene Heater Used The cause of the fire was not immediately determined, and homicide and arson investigators were at the scene.
He is optimistic that deregulation of the financial markets will increase demand for Bradford's services but concedes that, ''every time we take two steps forward, it seems like we have to take a step back.''
Moscow University's law school, of course, hardly paves a career path the way an Ivy League institution does.
We finally decided that sometimes we ate them in the summer, whether we liked them or not, but that they were out.
Here some of the conductor's shaping is astounding - listen, for instance, to the exaggerated dynamic effects he uses to bring a chilling quality to the ''Catacombae'' section.
He was also executive director of Association Press, the publishing arm of the Young Men's Christian Association, from 1964 to 1969.
After that, the President will have a deadline of 60 days if he wants to disapprove, and he could do so only for reasons of foreign policy or defense.
I can understand that, but I am sorry he did not put them to paper.
Sophia goes to prison for long enough to see her health and her spirit broken, and when she emerges, she is hired by the mayor's wife as a servant.
Amusement is Lee Smith's style and her greatest gift.
b-Net loss The results for 1984 and 1985 have been adjusted to reflect a merger, which took place April 4, 1985, with Lincoln Mutual Savings Bank which was accounted for a pooling of interests.
Nonetheless, ABC and CBS said the content was too controversial, and NBC said the spot failed to meet its criteria for public- service announcements.
''It's a little like Russian roulette,'' Mario Merola, the Bronx District Attorney, said.
Mrs. Valenstein, for her part, says that it is her husband's disposition that makes their family life possible and that if she hadn't married at 24, when her career demands were minimal, she probably wouldn't have married at all.
''It was the cap that did it,'' someone shouted.
His death in Leon led to an outpouring of tributes that has not yet subsided.
The six groups - including the youth wing of the opposition Social Democrats, the Evangelical Church and a sports organization - said they were protesting treatment of West Berlin as a separate national group.
It's preferable for milder temperatures.''
Environmentalists such as Mr. Randall object to the collars on numerous safety grounds, but also because they believe the coyote will find a way to outsmart humans once again.
Last November, he was sentenced to 90 hours of community service after being convicted in September of misdemeanor assault.
When the two groups were compared, the scientists found that the animals in the experimental group - those given only the exposure to odor of camphor in the 10th session - had natural killer cell activity three times as great as the animals in the ''control'' group that lacked the exposure to the odor in the final session.
Average borrowings were bolstered in the latest period by abnormal flows of money related to large Treasury financings and problems with the Fed's wire transfer system.
Mark Malone is the Steelers' starting quarterback, backed by David Woodley and Scott Campbell.
Physicians who have studied the risks and benefits of nonreligious circumcision urge two measures: that parents be well informed before childbirth and that, if circumcision is performed, it be done only by well-trained physicians using careful surgical technique, not, as is often the case now, in the delivery room by medical residents and doctors-in-training.
''You have to be very quick on your feet, with quick reactions.
One group of grizzled men from the nearby town of Moctezuma came in to ask that Mr. Felix Valdez complete a water system to provide potable water for 2,500 people.
The song cycle, Songs of the Southwest, was composed by Dr. Gideon Waldrop, dean of the Juilliard School of Music, and premiered by the Houston Symphony Orchestra 18 months ago.
Among the big PAC contributions to Mr. Mrazek were $9,750 from the American Federation of Teachers and $9,400 from the National Education Association.
In particular, it singled out the groups most likely to be left out: the young, the poor, the minorities, the unmarried and those employed in certain jobs such as household services and retail industries.
There are times, just occasionally, when you wonder whether you aren't being given a slightly sanitized version of the normal state of affairs, whether people didn't tend to be on better behavior than usual when Mr. McClure was around.
''When you've got players 6-10 and 7 feet fighting for space, you're bound to have skirmishes.
and she was brand manager for Snappy Tom, a Heublein tomato cocktail.
This one is rimmed with rhinestones the size of full-carat diamonds and curls upward over the heel.
* MacMillan Inc. announced that it had bought the Allen Smith Company, a law publishing concern in Indianapolis.
''It throws the process of the validity of our water rights into chaos,'' he said.
Mr. Leigh was a senior partner in the New York law firm of Turk, Marsh, Kelly & Hoare.
He was 79 years old and lived in Manhattan.
The transportation average rose 10.19 points, to 635.30.
One is Jenny Jump State Forest, just off Exit 12 of Interstate 80 in Warren County.
The bulk of the weekday work is on Wednesdays and Thursdays, with Fridays given over to special teams and special drills.
If another company makes a bid, it is legally unclear whether the trustee can consider the potential loss of jobs as well as the size of the offer for the stock.
Ink said he intended to personally review transcripts from the hearing - which total several hundred pages of testimony - before reaching a decision.
The trustee for an affiliate of Bevill, Bresler estimates customer losses of at least $233 million.
Greg Taylor, the producer of the Texas theater, asked Mr. Rice for the rights after he saw the British ''Blondel.''
The Justices learned then that the case was probably moot because the establishment involved had gone out of business.
Henri de Toulouse-Lautrec is famous, all right, but in an important sense, he is largely unknown.
Those interviewed said improvement was needed in these areas: * Information.
She was admitted earlier this week for exhaustion on the advice of her doctor.
Not even the problem that seems most forbidding, President Reagan's ''Star Wars'' program, should really stand in the way of an agreement on arms control principles at the summit.
''Call the State's (New Jersey's) Department of Health,'' which I do.
The increase in output was the strongest in a year.
He said that 60 percent of all property taxes go to education.
People with very short legs can buy an extension for the accelerator pedal.
It was beautiful and elegant.
Mr. Thomas said Mr. Ellison's beliefs led to some of the incidents.
The Mariners, blanked by Baltimore pitchers in the first two games of the series, ended a streak of 20 scoreless innings in the first.
At the moment, the three partners who own Zabar's, one of New York's best-known delicatessen and cookware stores, are in complete agreement on a number of things.
I shall stop in Paris - if there is still a Paris then [the Franco-Prussian War ended May 21] - and I hope to see you.
It's the time of introspection, of self-examination, of crisis.
There was so much fiery ash in the streets, he said, it burned his feet.
Following is the wording of the bylaws: ''Where the president does not approve the election of a department chairperson, or at such other time as the interests of the college may require the removal of a chairperson and the appointment of a new one, he or she shall confer with the department and thereafter shall report to the board any subsequent action by the department with respect thereto, together with his or her recommendation for a chairperson.''
Packages, luggage and briefcases that are tempting to the light-fingered should be kept out of sight, and the car should be parked in a well-lighted place.
Jewelry, considered the most important of the wares sold in Switzerland, is also the most portable.
It appears, from The Observer's article and from accounts given by others, that those who were blacklisted had no idea why they failed to get the jobs for which they had applied.
Diplomats said Mr. Gorbachev probably hoped to use his affable political style to foster an image of the Soviet Union as an amenable and peaceloving nation in the eyes of Westerners, and Americans in particular.
Sallie Jean Christian, a staff assistant at the White House visitors' office, and United States Representative Charles Pashayan Jr., Republican of California, plan to be married Aug. 17.
''People have recovered from the baseball and football strikes and have grown accustomed to the high salaries,'' said Pilson.
At least three players - Dick Davis, a former Brewer; Paul Molitor of the Brewers and Claudell Washington, formerly of the White Sox and Mets and now with the Atlanta Braves - were interviewed by Federal agents and admitted buying from Peters and others and using the drug, the documents show.
''He has always been high on my list for any pipeline company that needed a top man.
Judge Battisti stayed the surrender of Mr. Demjanjuk to Israel until May 1 to allow him to file an appeal.
As an example of a regular fare, the cost of a ticket from Montreal to Vancouver is $177, one way, the year round; $118 for passengers aged 60 and over; children, aged 5 to 11, pay half fare.
Relations with the United States no longer serve any purpose, Sheik Mohammed Mahdi Chamsedding, the spiritual head of Lebanon's one million Shiites, said.
''If he doesn't condone it, it's not going to happen.''
To pay for the treatment system, he said, he will increase the prices of the houses by nearly $7,500.
Against the Oilers, they allowed four goals before getting on the board, amounting to an stretch of 11 unanswered goals.
''This rule clearly will not even pretend to halt all such high-risk activities in the state,'' Mr. Slocum said.
Its heroine's unqualified nobility is the greatest limitation to an otherwise tight, suspenseful and highly involving story.
Hutton has repeatedly declined to comment on Schering or specific details of its acquisition policy, but last month Hutton and Dart made an unsuccessful bid for the Beatrice Companies.
''I used to have managers who wanted to be dancers or actors or Buddhists,'' Mrs. Hess said.
The five-time scoring champion, who had 73 goals and 135 assists last season, also won the Hart Trophy as the National Hockey League's most valuable player for the sixth straight year.
''It's been a wonderful city, just a wonderful city.''
The 5-foot-10-inch Zoeller battled the pain since 1979, when it became so severe he often was unable to stand straight, let alone play.
''The important thing is that we don't jump around to some other discipline every time the market changes.
Record on Housing Bias Senator Mathias criticized Mr. Reynolds's record in bringing enforcement actions in the field of housing discrimination.
Furthermore, Poland's creditors recently agreed on a formula for rescheduling the repayment of a debt of $29 billion, although, so far, only Austria and West Germany have committed new credits of the sort that Poland sought as part of the arrangement.
The Dow Jones industrial average, which gained 0.99 point last Thursday in a late spurt, finished 6.07 points lower yesterday, at 1,252.98.
''You don't just talk to people about banking and money.
Of course landmarking isn't the whole answer - other protections are needed too - but it is surely a valuable first step.
''This is the best of all possible worlds because The Limited's offer and the conclusion it has come to couldn't suit me or Bendel's better,'' Miss Stutz said in an interview yesterday.
Specialists believe this is because the animals were psychologically wounded in infancy by social deprivation, especially early removal from their mothers.
Panel Passes Omnibus Bill Meanwhile, the House Appropriations Committee today approved an omnibus spending bill for 1986 that would hold military spending to its 1985 level.
Mesityl oxide is used in the manufacture of other chemicals, such as inks and pesticides.
He added that the Dow would pull back to near the 1,400 level over the next week or so before attempting, but failing, to penetrate 1,500 again before the end of the year.
''Somebody wrote an article in the Sowetan newspaper and put it rather crudely.
It and your salmon used to yodel together, remember?''
The Justice Department has approved Tenneco Inc.'s $480 million buyout of farm equipment operations from the financially troubled International Harvester Company.
Many lawsuits were filed on behalf of the former disability recipients.
The correspondence opened the door for an invitation the college had been considering for more than 10 years.
Mayor Goode cites these achievements in rebutting suggestions that day-to-day administration and follow-up have been poor.
To Catch a Tax Cheat To the Editor: I agree for the most part with your editorial ''Tracking New York's Tax Cheats'' (April 2).
As played by Pierre Richard, a favorite with French movie buffs - in America he made a splash as the sappy lead in ''The Tall Blond Man With One Black Shoe'' - the hero, named Kleiman, is a lucid coward.
The officials said the President had directed aides to begin informally briefing key members of Congress about the pending action.
''I have no patience with women who are always talking about 'a man's world,' because they are the ones who make it so.''
Out of 110 employees in 13 of the stores whose managers were interviewed, 29 were black or Hispanic.
In addition to the gallery area, the new facility will provide space for hanging and filing prints and graphics, additional studio space, three classrooms and new darkroom and print-making areas.
Although some wore Western clothes to the demonstrations and carried Japanese stereos, they seemed to be crying out for a return to an era when China kept its distance from the world.
Add the pecans to the muffin mixture.
The entertainer recalls the year she reached 50 and won an Oscar.
In percent View Full Article in Timesmachine »
Two of the nation's big bond-rating organizations, meanwhile, have begun taking a new look at both CBS and Turner Broadcasting.
It is clear that he was hypersensitive.
When I asked him the inning and the score he yelled out to the field, ''Anyone know what inning it is?''
''Older Australians have an almost knee-jerk loyalty to the United States, but no Australian likes bullying,'' Mr. MccGwire said.
CBS-Fox Video has acquired exclusive North American home video rights to nearly the entire British Broadcasting Corporation library of films and television shows, BBC Enterprises and CBS-Fox announced.
The commission sketched two possible ways to cope with the debt - putting the cost of each at about $150 million a year - but it did not indicate a preference.
Mr. Pikul had an engineering firm measure the sound, and he asserts that the decibel level exceeds the Town of East Hampton's recently enacted noise ordinance.
But the bulk of the press doesn't have the resources of these giants.
They would not say what was found inside, nor would they describe the ties between ''D'' and John Walker, who officials said described the California man as ''D'' in a secret message to a Russian diplomat.
Homosexual groups have protested that AIDS testing could be used to entrap homosexuals and expel them from the military.
A GATT panel in 1981 found that the practice, under way since 1972, violated international trading rules.
But right now I say it was strictly the kidney poisoning that kept me here for two and a half months.''
That dwarfed the prior record, set in 1983, when imports topped exports by $69.4 billion.
Television and radio - ABC.
The five-year grant, which the theater must match dollar-for-dollar through its own fund raising, is the third major grant it has won in the last four months.
In fact, one might compare a speaker without an enclosure to a string without a violin.
Mr. Ball conceded that such petitions are rarely granted.
Thiele has called his executives together to inform them of the suicide of the head of a rival company.
He said little at the hearing and nothing that could be overheard.
b-After losses from discontinued operations of $846,000 for the quarter and $1,360,000 for the 9 months.
Mr. Suarez, a 36-year-old lawyer, got almost no black support and rode into a runoff spot mainly on the strength of his appeal to Cuban voters.
Mr. Freeman announced recently that he was switching his party affiliation from Democrat to Republican because the Republican Party was the only one in which the ''spirit of entrepreneurship and individual self-help still live.''
A contract has not yet been signed, and Jerry Krause, the Bulls' president and Albeck's long-time friend, said ''there are some details to work out'' before the move is official.
Ironically, the perpetrators of this deception are none other than the self-proclaimed protectors of the parks - the conservation organizations.
In this climate, the West German union federation, which is known as the DGB, has grown steadily richer and more powerful while union groups abroad have suffered.
He said he had a few recipients in mind, but he would not identify them.
I'm not sure I know why they were in such a hurry, but Capital Cities is a perfect partner.''
WILLIAM B. GILLOOLY Somerset, N.J., May 1, 1985
The name of the game being exposed is moral equivalence, sometimes called moral symmetry; those are attack phrases on the position of those who loftily try to put the Good Guys and the Bad Guys in the same bag.
Aides to the White House chief of staff had indicated privately last week that Mrs. Heckler would be out as the Secretary of Health and Human Services, but they could not say when that would become official.
''A lot of people said we were crazy, that consumers wouldn't respond,'' she said.
But what many of the players seemed to love most was the interaction, as nowhere else in their experience, of orchestra and performers.
''All of a sudden, Ford knows the identity of borrowers and depositors who might buy cars,'' she added.
We replaced both her hips, both her knees.
The lunatic fringe has been absorbed into the state.
''They have come in during the past five years.''
It is the biggest nonparliamentary alliance of anti-apartheid organizations in the country, listing 600 affiliates and more than 1.5 million members.
As the Congressman knows, half of the commission's eight members are appointed by the President, half by Congress.
For one, how long will the surge in finance and business service jobs last?
The economic problems of the 1990's and after will have to focus on ways to distribute abundance.
For example, sexually transmitted Chlamydia infections, now the nation's leading venereal disease, are also now known to cause half or more of prostate infections.
Aurelio Lopez pitched the seventh and Willie Hernandez finished up for his fifth save.
At some angles the screen images become virtually invisible, and extended use may run the risk of eyestrain.
The freshness of that early inspiration is called to our attention by Rosalind Rees, the soprano, with the composer as her pianist, in a Gregg Smith Singers recording of 27 Rorem songs (GSS 104).
BASKETBALL DETROIT (NBA) - Signed John Long, a free-agent guard, to a 3-year contract.
The Owls led by 26-24 at halftime and then scored 6 consecutive points for a 32-24 lead with 14:40 to play.
Net income of the computer maker fell 18 percent in the first quarter, to $986 million.
Among automobile manufacturers, he said, he favors Chrysler ''because the company's pretax operating margin is double that of General Motors and Ford.''
She knows what she can do and on this occasion she did it extremely well.
American Ballet Theater has announced that, because of a contract dispute, Fernando Bujones will not appear at his scheduled performances during the company's two-week engagement at the Metropolitan Opera House.
Balance is out of the question, she adds, because the power in South African society is all on one side.
But memories of Black Friday seem still to be inhibiting investors.
It takes the pain of budget-cutting directly to middle America.''
According to Dr. Allen Mondzac in the New England Journal of Medicine (Aug. 23, 1984), heroin has unique and superior properties, and is needed for some terminal cancer patients in pain.
The new survey estimates population by using a variety of highly technical projections from Federal tax returns, birth and death rates, and immigration data to determine what are known as migration rates in and out of the city.
Some witnesses said the crowd was perhaps half that large.
With key officials already speaking to reporters, with the censor banning most of the reports locally and with Israeli newspapers complaining bitterly that news of the rescue was being printed everywhere in the world but Israel, senior Israeli officials said they felt they had no choice but to give out some basic information.
By no account is Mr. Trump the city's wealthiest man.
As the rioting started, the Belgian police, clearly outnumbered, could be seen retreating in the face of an advancing and threatening crowd.
The 76ers, who lost for the second time in four games, opened the third quarter tonight with 8 consecutive points.
The Engbergs - he's a New York University professor, she works at Columbia University - are among a handful of couples who celebrate the New Year with a progressive dinner party that winds through their cavernous building on Riverside Drive.
After their close finish in the Nov. 5 election, both candidates had awaited a final count that included several thousand absentee ballots.
It should be, not because it is free of inaccuracy, oversimplification and bias, but because the alternative to that freedom is worse than those failings.''
He will send his economic report to Congress on Tuesday.
''But somehow the book business is still here, which means there must be something enduring about getting your information and entertainment through reading.''
Hannah Guterman, 85 years old, said with a laugh, as she strode briskly into the shop.
Mr. Klein poured, then he called, ''Boris!''
Another has a surplice-wrapped top and is draped asymmetrically through the skirt.
If this move, following an earlier declaration in support of political pluralism and economic liberalism, was merely a public relations ploy, what prompted it?
Soviet helicopters are hovering about.
The organization furthers knowledge about philately through its well-known Congress books.
But both the United Democratic Front and the National Forum boycotted the event, leaving the Bishop to talk only with the Inkhatha movement of Chief Gatsha Buthelezi, leader of the nation's six million Zulus, whom more radical groups accuse of collaborating with the white authorities.
Louis Kronenberger commented in The Book Review that ''few .
The House plan would also allow a $1.35 billion increase for health programs, including Medicaid, community health centers and aid to migrants.
Noting Miss Torres' statement in opening arguments that she had a family and children, Mr. Ferguson said: ''We didn't hear anything in their case about the children of the innocent people they were so willing to intimidate and threaten and hurt.
So Yankee thrift is still intact.
The Constitution, in other words, establishes the contest, not its resolution.''
When states have raised the drinking age from 18 to 21, accident rates have dropped 30 percent.
Mull's recent gain of a few hundred people is almost entirely due to the incomers, who have changed the island's character in many ways.
Cattle for delivery in June were sharply lower, partly because a report released by the Agriculture Department on Friday showed fewer cattle marketed during April than the market had expected, according to Robert Saathoff, vice president for commodity research in New York with Prudential-Bache Securities.
Here the decisions about how much money to raise, what taxes to levy, how to distribute the tax burden and how to spend the money are powers of Congress.
''It's hanging up there,'' said Haji-Sheikh, ''if he wants to use it again.''
CBS Up 5 The biggest puzzle was CBS, up 5 points, to 118.
A landmark in astrophysics may have been reached by astronomers who believe they have discovered several sources of cosmic rays.
The two ballets are similar in several ways.
Governor Cuomo's effort to reduce the bass to red-herring status deliberately ignores the far more significant and more alarming health and economic dangers presented by the Westway extravaganza.
Dr. Ruge is a family friend of Nancy Reagan and was an assistant to her father, Dr.
It would also end the need for an institution to bend or compromise its academic standards.
Some also will have libraries or dens.
The keyboard-playing drummer has since departed, and there is a new, classically trained bassist.
Similarly, Miss Tallent's ''Ice'' ends with the heroine, whose lover has left her, weeping in the arms of a homosexual friend.
When informed of that statement, Robert Schnell, group vice president and general manager of Charles of the Ritz, said, ''The resignation is at variance to the facts.''
When we go home on Friday it'll be funny.''
Shareholder meetings became boisterous affairs.
Donald B. Elliman Jr., the 41-year-old Time international publishing director, will replace Mr. Meigher as publisher of People.
Describing himself as ''more an ideologue than a militant terrrorist,'' he said he had only helped organize the killing of Mr. Ipekci.
West German Policy In West Germany, fiscal policy is moving toward a less restrictive stance but some people think it could go further, Professor Henderson said.
The reaction of Districts 27 and 29, including a school boycott, suggests uninformed hysteria, not reasoned dissent.
The castle, built in 1334, was fought over by many rival rulers, but in 1571 one of them, Count Wilhelm IV of Hesse, turned it into a hunting chateau and Europe's first zoo, surrounding the grounds, to which he had brought exotic animals, with a wall 3 miles long and 13 feet high.
''The news from Angola is bewildering,'' the newspaper said in an editorial, ''and the consequences in regional diplomacy and relations with the West are incalculable.''
New Jersey, Pennsylvania and Rhode Island already have drinking ages of 21.
Holding out against the courts therefore meant holding tens of thousands off the rolls.
Even if adjournment occurs as scheduled, it may be of little solace.
Her mother, Eloise R. Gabrik, is a guidance chairman in the Bernards Township Public Schools.
Domestic violence -specifically, the physical abuse of women and children - may be our most horrendous social problem.
The authors have also agreed to give producers a greater share of immediate returns from certain subsidiary rights in exchange for a larger share of long-term returns.
On the Pacific Coast Exchange, the May 80 call option for ABC climbed thirteenfold.
Draws From Hudson The Highland Water District in Lloyd, N.Y., across the river from Poughkeepsie, also draws directly from the Hudson River.
''We have no intention of accepting people that are here illegally.''
The state and local police pulled alongside the schooner about 4 P.M. with warrants charging those aboard with disorderly conduct and criminal mischief, said Tom Chizmadia, a spokesman for Ciba-Geigy.
The controversy has polarized historians in the United States, England and West Germany.
Egyptian authorities, seeking to prevent any possible hijacking, cordoned off a Lebanese airliner with armored vehicles, marksmen and special police units when it flew in from Beirut today.
Because tax withholding from city residents grew by more than 14 percent, almost three times the rate of inflation.
At a formal awards ceremony after the news conference, Mr. Campomanes, a Filipino, hung a huge laurel garland around Mr. Kasparov's neck, while Pyotr N. Demichev, the Soviet Culture Minister, pinned the gold medal of a chess champion on him.
Five Cabinet officers warned against a textile quota bill in a letter to members of Congress.
We began to think, who designed those spaces that we like so much?
The decision by hospital authorities came after a Supreme Court Justice issued a ruling on the case of three student nurses, saying they had been unlawfully dismissed because their cases were not individually considered.
She traveled to the site where 21 protesting farmers were killed by security forces in September and told a rally that ''like you, I am a victim of the Marcos regime.''
After he left, the Red Sox promptly took a 2-1 lead as Rich Gedman nailed Frank Wills for a home run in the fourth.
Dr. Friedman-Kien's study was conducted on men and women whose genital warts failed to respond to ordinary therapy.
''Not in 3 or 5 or 10 years will they be able to reach what they call a strategic stalemate,'' he said of the rebels.
He said a two-thirds vote of individual, as opposed to institutional, shareholders would be preferable.
Banks say they are not calling in existing loans before they are due, but simply not renewing these short-term credits.
Pecchenino, the head of its Pneumo Corporation unit, to be president and chief operating officer, effective Nov. 15.
Yet so drastic was the priority that Cubism gave to a new formal syntax that its subject matter quickly assumed a secondary status.
M. G., East Hampton, L.I.
Some are from contemporary species but others became extinct as far back as nine million years ago.
But she said she tired of the sharp, caustic edge that seemed to qualify so much of the current humor, and she wanted to find a way of ''balancing black humor and sentimentality.''
Whether your Caribbean vacation begins with a tropical cocktail offered at your resort or is punctuated by refreshing and colorful libations served from a thatched beachside bar, chances are that the drinks will be made with rum.
There is also a section called ''Antiwar and Feminism,'' which documents the influence of the black struggle on other radical movements.
The firm also manages money for pension funds and other institutions.
Admission tomorrow: a $5 donation.
A cruise line said yesterday that it was dropping scheduled port calls in Egypt and Israel after the two-day hijacking of the Italian cruise ship Achille Lauro that left one American passenger dead.
''There may have been too much attention paid to the Japanese audience rather than a foreign one,'' he said.
One of the most surprising and dramatic medical advances has resulted from the use of blood transfusions in kidney transplant surgery.
I'm a very scattered, disorganized person.
In addition, officials of the agency, known informally as Fannie Mae, said they would no longer provide a mortgage to an investor who already had five or more residential units.
Dr. Boscia warns against playing with wild animals, especially those that appear friendly.
Listeners who like to skip around the various tracks on a CD will like an unusual button on this player.
The first sound of the drums in the New Year's dance seemed to come from deep in the past.
One solution, according to the newly formed American Council of Nanny Schools, is to upgrade the status of the job from that of glorified baby sitter by training an elite corps of nannies and setting national standards as in Britain.
Nor is it an echo of those mid- 70's films, like ''Nashville'' and ''Shampoo,'' that brought their self- absorbed characters to the brink of frustration and despair.
But he said that current shareholders in MGM Grand would have a chance to invest in the new company that will be set up to use the MGM Grand name.
The book measures 9 inches by 6 inches by 1/2 inch and has listings for private residences plus a classified section that includes a restaurant guide with little hieroglyphics indicating whether alcohol is served, whether there are facilities for the handicapped and whether there is dancing.
But then the play is work itself.
Closed in December, January and February.
Montclair State, winner of the New Jersey Conference championship for the third straight year and for the seventh time in the last eight seasons, will be host to Western Connecticut (10-1) in the National Collegiate Athletic Association Division III Eastern Regional playoffs Saturday afternoon at Sprague Field, Upper Montclair, N.J.
Airline officials called the Port Authority police and the Customs Service, according to a spokesman for the Port Authority police, Bill Cahill.
''The next step will be restructuring assets.''
Within Otterness's simple forms and basic gestures, opposing emotions collide.
[ ''We hold their captors fully responsible for the safety of the Americans and other hostages,'' the spokesman, Charles E. Redman, told reporters.
Bloomingdale's also has silk satin pajamas with a top that looks like a polo shirt ($110) and a bias-cut satin nightgown with a godet skirt ($100).
'' Two things occurred, however, that have led to calling off the game.
So he wouldn't like it.
In the cave is Louetta and ''the warm smell of woman,'' but this is only the beginning.
The first, based on exhaustive research into myths and legends, advanced a catastrophic theory of the disappearance of mammoths, saber-tooth tigers and other animals and plants as well as the sudden appearance of new forms of life.
There was no need to stop payments, and the Treasury knew it.
The remainder of the debt, which is expected to total $103 million by the end of the year is in notes that do not impose interest.
''There's no harm in allowing a baby to cry from time to time,'' I would argue when all other strategies failed to pacify her.
When you get to my age, people would say, she could go like that.''
The allegations reported in The Times this week raise a compelling question: If law-enforcement officials were aware of deficiencies in the office, what did they do about them?
Sir James, who in July won a controlling interest in Crown Zellerbach, said he would exchange his 50 percent stake in the company for $90 million in cash and a majority control of the spun-off companies.
''By any historical measure of tax reform - looking at specific bills that have been enacted and characterized as landmark tax legislation - this bill will far exceed any of these in both policy and revenue importance,'' declared Robert J. Leonard, chief tax counsel to the Ways and Means Committee.
*3*** COMPANY REPORTS ** View Full Article in Timesmachine »
I kept thinking someone was behind me.
Navy officials are convinced that reporters attacked the story with extra relish because of Admiral Metcalf's pugnacious dealings with reporters who tried to cover the war in Grenada.
Artichoke bottoms with a poached egg and smoked salmon napped with a sort of Russian dressing was a textural clash, the egg no longer runny, the salmon fibrous.
The disenchanted say, for instance, that all heroes have clay feet.
Long came in after Johnson was cut on the middle finger of his right hand when he hit a basket support beam after driving inside.
Prosecutors and defense lawyers have said that a 1972 Supreme Court decision placed a moratorium on the death penalty for Federal crimes.
PHILADELPHIA (NFC) - Signed Jeff Christiansen, quarterback.
In an effort to hasten the growth of that attitude, the Federation has formed a Catch and Release Club.
He said the United States, to his knowledge, had not responded to a request by the Mexican Government that the agent be punished and damages paid.
The freeing of the mainly Shiite prisoners, men of all ages from villages in southern Lebanon as well as the Beirut area, is the principal demand of the airline hijackers who took the Americans hostage.
If we turn to opera, the picture brightens somewhat.
Webster, which has overseas campuses in Leyden, the Netherlands, as well as Vienna and Geneva, cannot offer majors in all liberal-arts subjects.
''We have no quarrel with the Indians.''
The law carried no penalty the first month but has carried a fine of up to $50 for violators since last January.
He said he still did basically the things he did before the children were born, and added proudly that he had written ''the most important weighty long book in my life'' - ''19th Century Art'' - between their births.
A judge has declared a mistrial in a voting fraud case, the second mistrial in nine days in a Federal investigation of voting practices in Greene County, where the Government is dominated by blacks.
In that post, he will report to his brother, Jeffrey.
One reason for the delay was finding the proper location; Mr. Galdy was determined to be below 75th Street, to get midtown trade and to be on the ground floor.
's board voted on June 13 to accept Mr. Lorenzo's original offer of $23 a share.
Well, they didn't walk on water.
''I often wonder, who do they think they're fooling?
No Dorm-Room Checks School officials expect the states to increase their drinking ages to 21 because Federal highway money will be reduced for states whose minimum drinking age is not 21 by Sept. 30, 1986.
The official said that Mr. Marcos's reaction to United States concern was, ''Oh, well, everything's great.''
Madre was accompanied by a costumed man who said he was ''the real Uncle Sam.''
Mr. Sambor said he heard Leo A. Brooks, the City Managing Director at the time of the siege, tell the Mayor in a telephone coversation that the bomb would be dropped from a helicopter.
The President wanted military aid for the Nicaraguan rebels but had to accept only nonmilitary aid.
Shall I sue, and not rue My proceeding?
Previous Writings Included The column, which is to appear in early September, will be 600 to 700 words long and will be composed of previous and current writings of the Pope, translated from Polish into English and other languages, Mr. Klebanoff said.
Mr. Reagan has so far rejected such a trade-off.
''In fact, you sometimes wonder if he had too good a sense of humor about himself,'' Dr. Black ventured.
Baxter earlier this week, however, amended the stock portion of its offer, saying it would swap no fewer than 2.65 of its shares and no more than 3.35 of its shares.
The tower would also provide the extra space for those expanded programs.
A space shuttle mission conducted primarily by West German scientists is set for launching here at noon Wednesday, and both American and German space officials emphasize the flight's importance as a step toward a major European role in the space station being planned for the 1990's.
John Buckley, an aide to Mr. Kemp, offered this assessment of the avalanche of names coming out of the Bush committee: ''The list either means something or it means nothing.
Michael L. Walker, John Walker's son, has also been charged in the case.
Although the proxies, which show the compensation of a company's top five officers, are just arriving on shareholders' doorsteps, early returns show that $1 million annual paychecks were once again common last year.
Today's concert by the Mirecourt Trio is a tribute to Henry Cowell, the composer who lived close by in Shady, N.Y. Next Sunday, the Naumburg Award-winning Colorado String Quartet is joined by the pianist Panayis Lyras, a laureate of the l981 Van Cliburn Competition.
Mr. Lafayette said he was negotiating another bill and arrived on the floor ''literally three minutes too late.''
The bridegroom is a son of Mr. and Mrs. Dolya Goutman of Rosemont, Pa. Jeannette L. McCabe was maid of honor for her sister, who will retain her name.
The obligation to run commuter service was eliminated, an early retirement program was instituted, employees agreed to forego a wage increase, speedy abandonments were allowed and other changes were required.
But Manager Billy Martin said he decided last week to start Niekro and save Guidry for the night game, which the manager said the left-hander prefers.
At least 20 American and 32 foreign companies are competing for the market, as are engineering concerns such as Stone & Webster, Wormster,, Burns & Roe, and Pope, Evans & Robbins.
Wrapping the tank with a fiberglass blanket will considerably reduce the amount of energy consumed each day.
Deputy to Ueberroth Usher now becomes the second senior executive of the Olympic committee to switch to professional sports, with an emphasis on marketing the product.
We have never had to face this decision, since there have often been as many, if not more, pets in the house as people, and natural processes have kept us up to full complement.
or the Arms Control and Disarmament Agency.
''It can mean something here, and also in a museum.
When Mrs. Lloyd left thousands of dollars worth of jewelry in her hotel room in Paris, it was Miss Navratilova who took them for safekeeping, joking that she was keeping the jewelry until she won Wimbledon.
By the end of the 1970's, this horn-based septet was considered washed up.
''To trade peacefully requires that we use our space and turn the things produced out of our soil into products which contribute to the rise in the Asian standard of living.
This gives wrestling advantages over the docudramas, political rallies and news shows.
White House aides said that goal would be reached.
When that day arrives and you are notified that you're now an active member of the club - and, of course, entitled to all bragging privileges - off you go with your one photograph of a wrinkled, day-old baby girl.
However, she noted that with enough oil in a large, heavy cast-iron skillet, the temperature of the frying medium remains fairly constant as batter is added; the pancakes fry rapidly and do not absorb the oil.
''I had to get out of the game and continue with my life.''
Mexico Mexico ''continues to maintain its dual position as a major supplier of heroin to the United States and a significant producer of marijuana,'' the report said.
The scientists announced the selection of a key element of the machine, a type of superconducting magnet meant to keep speeding subatomic particles locked in a magnetic prison 60 miles in circumference.
A plot by Russians to bring about a revolution.
The Antonio in question is Antonio Lopez, the fashion illustrator, who has done sumptuous color illustrations and haunting line drawings to accompany 13 of the fabulous Arabian Nights tales of Scheherazade Flashing swords, flashing eyes and naked bodies abound in the pictures, which manage to be evocative and contemporary at the same time.
''That's great, isn't it - hiding in the bushes to find out what your school board is up to,'' Mrs. Yarczower said recently.
In four innings today, he allowed two home runs and five walks, including four in the third inning.
There's Orion, that's the Milky Way and - quick, over there - that's Uncle Frank.''
Medical College in Bombay, gave a slide show asserting that the Kama Sutra, a collection of Sanskrit aphorisms assembled 1,400 years ago, prefigured many of the sex therapies recommended by William Masters and Virginia Johnson.
Prime Minister Yasuhiro Nakasone said today that the Japanese Government ''made a miscalculation'' about the American mood on trade when it authorized a 24.3 percent increase in automobile exports to the United States.
What came out was a richness of embarrassments: shoddy prose patched with purple - beautifully written without first being well written.''
DePaul 84, Houston 78 HOUSTON (AP) - Lamone Lampley scored 19 points and Dallas Comegys added 18 for DePaul.
In the first three days of the mission, the crew successfully launched Morelos-A, the first Mexican communications satellite; Arabsat-1B, for a consortium of 22 members of the Arab League, and Telstar-3D, for the American Telephone and Telegraph Corporation.
It listed several remedies for acne that it said were safe and effective.
I like to work things out.
Final Clauses ARTICLE XIII This Agreement shall enter into force on the date on which the two Governments exchange notifications of their acceptance of this Agreement.
The result was ''We Are The World,'' the fastest-selling American pop single record in history.
''I don't think I have quick feet and I know I have small hands.''
But this may account for only part of the interest in large families.
''His primary responsibility,'' a Goldman official said yesterday, ''will be capital market applications for real estate, an area that we believe is one of the highest potential growth areas at the firm.''
But in nearly all cases, the executive added, Mr. Clott was turned down, prompting him to seek out-of-state sales outlets.
How did all this affect the HBO project?
If then you know that you are also one billion miles from the star Vega, you will know that you are either in Cuba or in North Korea, and common sense will inform you which of the two is right.
It does nothing to exalt or instruct you.
''They have proven to be better in interviewing rape victims and better in child abuse cases,'' he said.
For example, despite the recruitment of 100 bilingual teachers from Madrid to teach foreign language, special education and other subjects, vacancies still remain in these fields.
He played Vice President Bush in mock debates with Mrs. Ferraro as she prepared for the real Vice-Presidential debate in the campaign.
GEISHA, by Liza Crihfield Dalby.
Koncak, his agent Sherwood Blount, and the Hawks' general manager, Stan Kasten, said Friday that minor contract details remained to be worked out.
Laser energy perforates delicate arteries too easily.
Losses: Pat Phenix, all-league OT, is injured.
Robert W. Maffin, executive director of the National Association of Housing and Redevelopment Officials, predicted that the proposals would not clear Congress ''without some major changes.''
Seven years later the third, familiar, version appeared, but the circumstances under which it was orchestrated are not clear.
For Wilander, it is enough to have played well and to treat his victories like after-dinner mints.
Ernest Fleischmann, executive director of the Los Angeles Philharmonic, announced yesterday that he had declined the position of artistic director and general administrator of the Paris Opera and would remain in his current post.
When 1,100 architecture students from around the country arrived here this week for the American Institute of Architecture Students' annual convention, it was to examine New York from a professional as well as a tourist's point of view.
Not covered are public housing, buildings with fewer than six apartments, and those built with state and city assistance, most of them under the Mitchell-Lama program.
Intrigued, the dean pressed forward: ''But why the Red Sea?''
''Our referrals are up over the past few years,'' Mr. Kasdan said.
It is a shame that writers who admire obsessive concentration on quality by others did not practice more of it themselves.
The Mirror, a British newspaper Mr. Maxwell owns, reported that Mr. Maxwell and Sir Clive had agreed that Hollis Brothers, an office equipment supplier and subsidiary of Mr. Maxwell's Pergamon Press, would buy a controlling interest in the Sinclair Research Company.
In the fourth quarter of last year, the company slashed the dividend to 5 cents from 17 cents.
But it can only keep growing if customers increase their use of computers.
The allegations are contained in a summary of a 1,200-word report on actions by Administration officials at the time of Congressional investigations into the environmental agency's handling of its toxic waste programs and in the subsequent clash between Congress and the White House.
In truth, Mr. Fukunaga's problem was a waning behind-the- scenes influence.
''I really can't comprehend it sometimes,'' Mullin said of the fanfare.
What got me through was my drive and energy.''
There are many, in places like Soweto, who will recount how they have put $2,000 into improving a new home, and are saving to put their kids through college and who, for all the indignities, do not want to see it all go up in the smoke of an ambiguous revolution.
Mrs. Townsend, the oldest of the children of Robert F. Kennedy, is 34, a year older than Joseph.
Under the plan, each eligible depositor would be given rights to buy up to 3 percent of the outstanding shares.
We have taken some of these cases to court, but they have been rejected for lack of proof.
At this point, the editors missed a wonderful opportunity for a debate.
But early Thursday morning, just as Mayor Koch was about to announce a budget agreement, the money was shifted elsewhere.
If it is decided, however, that the Catskill Forest Preserve route should not be followed, then it would make far more sense to use the Western Alternate in the interests of economy of construction.
He owned a Manhattan jewelry store where the authorities found $20,000 of cash traced to the Sentry theft.
''We ask them what areas they think they could improve, and we see what areas we think they could improve based on their statistics, and then we mutually work out the goals.''
Tickets are $350 from Judith Leibowitz at 212-490-2525.
For the tax changes, as the President said, are designed to increase the rate of economic growth; a revenue-neutral change could help achieve this both by improving the rational allocation of resources (rather than on the basis of tax advantages) and by reducing interest rates (it has been estimated that Treasury 1 would have meant a reduction of 2 percentage points in the real rate of interest.
She aroused the suspicions of the F.B.I., resulting in her surveillance, because she made frequent trips to the Soviet consulate in San Francisco, known to American officials as the key base of Soviet intelligence operatives on the West Coast.
They were all full of curiosity, and wondered why I was there alone, how had I arrived at that particular spot and where else I was going.
Like the food, the wine list is straightforward and priced for the average financially overextended New Yorker.
''I've been interested in voices since I was about 2, I guess,'' Mr. Seward said the other day over tea.
The inevitable relationship between TV and terrorists now seems to embarrass some of the television news people.
Reading such reports makes it clear that there still are many diseases for which no models exist.
''45/85'' - Av Westin is executive producer -is like a travelogue through time.
For a look at design of a different nature there is the Hancock Shaker Village (U.S. 20, five miles west of Pittsfield).
''When I listened to Bill talk,'' Miss Miller recalled, ''I said to myself: 'This is the business I want to be in.
There is still no movie house, but young people travel to Damietta in their private cars or buses and taxis to take in the excitement of the provincial capital.
T HE novel, then, is about subversion of what Mr. Berger seems to think are prevailing follies.
Mr. Duarte said the Federal agency had no immediate reaction to the hospital's statement, but he agreed that it was clearly conciliatory in tone.
The Archbishop, who flew to Rome last night for his installation next Saturday as a cardinal, did not offer any details about the church's contingency plan, other than to say it was his hope to continue the programs.
Among those removed from the Central Committee were Wang Dongxing, 69, the former head of Mao Zedong's bodyguard; Huang Hua, 72, former Foreign Minister, and the present navy commander, Liu Huaqing, 69.
After a visit to the restaurant on Tuesday, the Health Department cited 29 violations, ranging from the lack of a permit to operate to improper storage of food and what it called a ''massive'' infestation of flies.
Dr. DeVries is selecting a third artificial recipient at present.
The Japanese have avoided some of the remnants of Detroit's long-ago battles with the United Auto Workers union.
His own trial was tentatively scheduled today to begin Aug. 6.
A nose is not manufactured - a nose just is.
Mr. Miller was first reported missing on Dec. 24, 1944.
He has strawberry blond hair, wears rimless glasses and looks as Norwegian as his name sounds.
Mr. Blotner, who taught American literature at the University of Virginia, met the novelist there in 1957 - five years before his death - when Faulkner became writer-in-residence at the school.
Why shouldn't I propose to Mr. Gorbachev at Geneva that we exchange many more of our citizens from fraternal, religious, educational and cultural groups?
''Liechtenstein: The Princely Collections,'' Metropolitan Museum, Oct. 26 to May 1.
It costs $25,000 to $35,000 a year to compete, since each pays his own way.
''More people are coming than the last time he saw it,'' the translator said.
He has even been asked to sponsor a fish-a-thon in October.
An 11-year-old boy fell 500 feet to his death when he leaned from his motorized three-wheel cycle to peer into an abandoned mine shaft, the authorities said.
In short, this is not an ordinary ballet.
The association, the principal sub= The association, the principal subsidiary of Cityfed Financial Corporation of Palm Beach, Fla., said that Gilbert G. Roessner, its chairman since January 1978, will step down from that position at the end of the year.
's manufacturing chief, said in an interview at the company's headquarters here.
The South Korean minister of sports, Dr. Lee Yong Ho, warned yesterday that he would take a hard line with the networks.
*3*** COMPANY REPORTS ** View Full Article in Timesmachine »
Michigan State 32 Northwestern 0 EAST LANSING, Mich. (AP) -Dave Yarema threw for a career-high 246 yards, including long touchdowns to Mark Ingram and Veno Belk, and the tailback Lorenzo White rushed for 150 yards and two scores.
Dr. Robert Schacter, a psychotherapy instructor at Columbia University's College of Physicans and Surgeons who specializes in the problems of children and adolsecents, is seeing a growing number of stay-at-home young people in his private practice in Manhattan.
Brenda Feliciano's performances of two Falla-esque art songs by Mr. Delano are particularly outstanding.
In addition to price supports, Mr. Williams's participation in the farm programs, which impose limits on planted acreage, will earn him a Government subsidy for the corn crop totaling about $8,800.
STREET CLOSING Fifth Avenue will be closed tomorrow from 60th to 82d Street from 10 A.M. to 2 P.M. for the New York Road Runners race.
Casino gaming has substantially improved the occupancies of Atlantic City's hotel industry, which was in much worse pre-casino shape than Wildwood ever experienced.
The year before, we filled 1,100 of 2,000.''
High school graduates - 55.3 percent of the residents.
The work links such diverse people as the late jogging enthusiast James Fixx, Stormie Jones, the young Texas girl who had the first heart-liver transplant, and the 30 million to 50 million American adults with elevated blood cholesterol levels, often caused by high-fat diets and sedentary life styles.
Still, she said with a shrug, ''I do like clothes.''
The Bengals can score in a hurry, and the Dallas defense is ranked 22d against the pass.
The proper look is the ninth-month-of-pregnancy look: Don't panic, you won't have to assist me in giving birth, I can cope, but I'm fragile so give me room, please.
In scoring 7-4, Hansen and Olafsson completed their final norms for grandmaster rank.
Whitson left Baltimore Sunday morning without going to the ball park, so he and Martin have not seen each other or been in the team clubhouse together since they fought at the Cross Keys Inn early Sunday.
These figures suggest that one formative influence of the Gorbachev generation was wartime labor mobilization.
Not only does the borrower pay less overall interest to the lender, but equity in the home is also built up faster than would be achieved otherwise.
On Wednesday, France announced that it would make a special voluntary contribution of $2 million to help reduce the budgetary difficulties of the United Nations Educational, Scientific and Cultural Organization.
''She's part of the furniture,'' Sister Philomena affectionately joked.
At 12:30 P.M. last Wednesday, Assemblyman Herman D. Farrell Jr. walked into the fourth-floor conference room he shares with Assemblyman Albert Vann in Albany's Legislative Office Building and with one sentence changed the face of the New York City mayoral campaign.
Advice and Self-Help*1 211 WEIGHT WATCHERS QUICK START PROGRAM COOKBOOK, by Jean Nidetch.
On this day he wore a brown cape, a white turban and tattered sandals and he carried a fly whisk fashioned from a horse tail.
Her father is president and owner and her mother, Polly Ruyl Luster, is treasurer and secretary of Worldtiles, a trading company in the ceramic tile industry.
''If it can be worked out, the afternoon of New Year's Eve is when we want to play,'' said John Reid, the bowl's executive director, noting that the bowl's traditional date, the Friday before Christmas, conflicted with exam schedules at many schools.
Soviet television this evening showed excited operators receiving the first signals from the balloon.
''Steve never used to wear hats,'' she says.
Mr. Carr said he was part of a group that attacked a Sandinista base known as La Esperanza on April 11, and Mr. Glibbery said he and Mr. Davis had led about a dozen men on missions he described as ''wandering around inside Nicaragua doing bits and pieces.''
Others accuse Bennett of blatantly contradicting himself.
Rather than protesting an improvement that will make life easier for the most vulnerable of these families, we suggest that the hotel owners improve their extermination and cleaning service.
It felt good to give that sorry sight the prominence it deserved.
She said efforts were being made to restore the Rutherford Boating and Recreation Society House as a site for the Triton club.
I am now 71 - and still marching.
Pistons 121, Lakers 98 PONTIAC, Mich. (UPI) - Isiah Thomas scored 30 points and had 20 assists while leading Detroit over Los Angeles.
Mexico's basic foreign investment law provides that foriegn companies may operate only when a majority share is held by Mexican partners, with exceptions only when it is ''appropriate for the economy of the country.''
A fter the computer asks the renter to acknowledge the reservation, and having previously been advised of the type of car the renter prefers, the computer lists cars available by make, model and mileage and asks the customer to choose one.
Opponents of the practice say that if Washington is going to bother making any money available for laboratories, it ought to be through competition based on merit, not lobbying.
He also conceded Tuesday that other agents in the bureau's Los Agneles office refused to pass the hat for him, as they customarily do when an agent is docked.
Fernando Valenti, probably the dean of living Scarlattians, led with a vigorous and firmly projected pair of allegros, and acted as a dapper, amusing master of ceremonies thereafter.
Its success will doubtless depend upon the rapport it can maintain with these special viewers, particularly in the knowledge that its audience will, as time passes, be composed of those growing into and growing out of it.
''Video games seemed to provide a safe outlet for competitive aggressive energy,'' said Dr. Gerald I. Kestenbaum, the other author.
When asked why the fish were so few, Mr. Schweda laughed.
And the worker said, 'That's all right.
The New Jersey Housing and Mortgage Finance Agency will provide low-interest mortgages.
''Any one of the police officers in and outside this church could have been Gary.
I thought it was horrible at times.
They gave me the puck.
A Government official said Salvadoran security forces were following leads in the case, but he would not elaborate.
Later, their work took them to the plant of the Johns Manville Corporation in the Somerset County community of Manville.
This way they could bring Western European pressure to bear on Washington to settle strategic issues so the medium-range talks, which the allies are more interested in, would get resolved as well.
For Kathleen Battle, who portrayed the self- adoring but adorable Semele, it had to be the performance of her young and still-blossoming career.
With today's equipment, and a few simple preventive measures, camera failures caused by freezing temperatures and precipitation should be a thing of the past.
Pushy but adorable, Mr. Halley's Hazel was a paragon, unmatched by anyone else in the play.
Come on, Brian, it's not that bad.
In addition, the top executive posts as well as the command of the armed forces have gone to the Christians.
We'd be doing pretty well if we stuck around another 2,000 years without doing ourselves in - that's just an instant, that's less than a millionth of the lifespan of the galaxy.''
Other dollar rates in European trading, compared with Tuesday, were: 3.3280 German marks, up from 3.3150; 2.8167 Swiss francs, down from 2.8190; 3.7685 Dutch guilders, up from 3.7585, and 1.3500 Canadian dollars, up from 1.3459.
The guide is published by APA Productions, Hong Kong, and costs about $20.
A poem he wrote before the war, ''Joe Hill,'' about the organizer for the International Workers of the World who was executed in Utah in 1915, was turned into a ballad by Earl Robinson, the composer.
When we said Long Island, it was as if it were out of space.''
''We started a political lobby,'' he said.
''His curve looks like his fastball when it comes up there.
Her most inspired creation on Saturday evening was Femme, a San Franciscan activist and ''member of the Sri Chinmoy Feminist Dance Coalition for a Bisexual South Africa.''
''I'd be bored out of my skull if I was just out on the street,'' he said.
So a doubled exemption would yield a much smaller percentage increase in tax savings.
One of seven students who have been fasting to protest the university's investments, Lorraine Harrison, a 20- year-old sophomore from Atlanta, fainted yesterday afternoon and was taken to St. Luke's Hospital, where her condition was satisfactory.
Here and there, Degas gives just a bit of himself away.
The consequences could be considerable, particularly if the period of cash-value accumulation is long enough.
At 12:01 A.M., Jan. 1, it shot 1,000 feet into the sky, burst into a glittering waterfall, gave an enormous thump - and was forgotten by 12:04.''
* Boil the potatoes until just tender.
He acknowledged that ''there is some disappointment'' over the absence of the Gramm-Rudman amendment, which requires automatic cuts in Federal spending if the budget did not move toward balance.
This remains a Stalinist system, no challenge at all to the stodgiest ideologues in Moscow.
There is such a remarkable wealth here of intention and consequence.
Recently, I passed my 31st birthday, the first birthday in six years that I spent alone, without my husband.
As the missile re-enters the atmosphere, a sophisticated nose cone sensor locks onto heat from the exhaust, and the missile chases its tail.
But while President Reagan is said to have approved the move, Mr. Trabandt's name has not been submitted for Senate confirmation, primarily because of opposition of some Senate Republicans who favor another term for a current commissioner, Georgiana Sheldon.
Building a compact disk plant is no simple matter.
It is not too early to study bulb catalogues and plan next spring's garden.
Thomas, Golden, Colo. VINSON, Pvt.
That is quite an improvement in supposedly the strongest division in the National Hockey League.
As the bassist Mark Helias plays limber walking lines or digs in on vamps, Mr. Blackwell kicks out strutting cross-rhythms and the percussionist Nana Vasconcelos adds texture with rattles, bells, drums and vocal sounds.
He is chairman of Berkshire Hathaway Inc., which has agreed to underwrite 7 percent of all Fireman's Fund business.
Their life has been transformed.
With his $255,000 yesterday, Fuzzy Zoeller leaped into second place in total earnings for the three Skins Games.
Friends and errands have been ignored, perhaps, but the Blue Ridge Mountains are so special that we have taken the time to indulge the boy in their steep and stunning treasures.
were guilty of failure of nerve or simple greed here is hard to tell.
While the Fed has argued in its Supreme Court brief that its action was consistent with Congressional intent, the Justice-Treasury brief said the Fed's amendments ''contradict the plain meaning of the statute'' and ''usurp Congressional power over fundamental questions of banking policy.''
They are the brain child of William Pierce, a former I.B.M.
I am inclined to go along with Dr. Khoshbin on Van Gogh because he obviously has given the question a lot of thought.
But now ''we have been compelled to create a permanent armaments industry of vast proportions.
The others are of slightly more recent vintage.
Financing is being provided by the Teachers Insurance Annuity Association.
If Greyhound - which receives no Federal subsidy - had but 15 percent of the nearly $700 million handout Amtrak receives each year, you can bet we would not have to make any schedule reductions.
Preeminence of Soft Drinks The company's net income for 1984 was $628.8 million on revenue of $7.36 billion.
A university spokesman, David Stewart, said, ''We're very pleased that those who were out on strike will be back on the job Monday.''
*3*** COMPANY REPORTS ** View Full Article in Timesmachine »
Her performance recalls the outlines of Mrs. Sexton's life, but what is more important, it reminds one of the sweep and range of her art, the leaping metaphors and startling images.
Fumble by Simms Two plays after the ensuing kickoff, the Bengals blitzed, as they did almost all day.
Yet neither his formal patterns nor his moral precepts are rigid.
Kobe people are of several minds about the gangsters, most of whom seem to be young men with crew cuts and Mack-truck builds.
Mike Gminski and Darryl Dawkins, who share playing time in the middle, are coming off superb consecutive games against the Houston Rockets and the Indiana Pacers.
I was a young woman, frightened and shy, in a speech class in college.
It is unfortunate Senator Symms declared the World Court anti-American because it held that the U.S. has to live up to the Senate-approved declaration under Article 36(2) to accept the Court's jurisdiction.
The pain of humanity was Mr. Sanasardo's main concern.
But if you had asked her that afternoon, she would have had to say that her children weren't hungry.
For example, he said, Merck & Company's sales of $3.56 billion in 1984 would have been $145 million higher were it not for the dollar's rise.
Within a fairly conventional framework, however, his staging worked well.
*3*** COMPANY REPORTS ** View Full Article in Timesmachine »
A South African's very angry novel in the form of a dream allegory about - or against - apartheid, doublethink, authoritarian power and the South African way of life.
Sandra S. Phillips writes of his artistic life during his Paris years, David Travis of his relation to the new photojournalism of the time and Weston J. Naef of his years in New York, which began in isolation and ended in adulation.
''I am a supporter of Jack's, and of George Bush's and Howard Baker and Bob Dole,'' Mr. Lewis said in a telephone interview, mentioning the former and present Senate majority leaders, who are also considering running for president.
What he will find in Mr. Bly's love poetry is mostly a kindly gratitude, a distanced salute - not the sweet and savage rose but a wanly scented pressed wildflower.
On the levee beside the grain elevator today, townspeople gathered with picnic hampers and bags of sandwiches to watch the freighter with binoculars.
Through most of the day ambulances and army trucks slowly bumped their way up a dirt service road from the thick woods on the shore of Gander Lake to a hangar on the edge of the airport grounds.
It has done this already for some Communist countries, including Yugoslavia and Hungary.
They face fines and a maximum of 55 years in prison at their sentencing, which Federal District Judge Frederick B. Lacey set for April 29.
As a consequence, it has almost become fiscally irresponsible even to discuss enactment of these measures.
The bears go home after Dec. 13.
Sitting on her mantel was a tiny stuffed St. Bernard wearing a Reds cap, which she said she plans to sell in the Reds gift shop.
Mr. von B"ulow appealed, and the decision was overturned by the Rhode Island Supreme Court in 1984.
There they drank Champagne, ate food sanctioned by Gerard Boyer, chef and owner of the Michelin three- star restaurant Les Cray eres, and were made members of Relais et Ch^ateaux, an international organization of luxury inns and hotels.
''Reagan plays very poor defense and he's been on the defensive for the last five months.
While Mr. Volcker made no mention of the Open Market Committee meeting this week, the fact that the letter was dated Wednesday suggested that his comments were based on discussions at the just-concluded meeting.
Meanwhile, Mr. Tyler held out the possibility that future acid-rain research in New Jersey could include investigation of its effects on trees.
As for weight control, most responsible authorities now agree that dieting alone is nearly always ineffective in achieving and maintaining normal body weight, while exercise alone or exercise plus a modest reduction in caloric intake is far more likely to produce lasting success.
''The fact is, one of the reasons he was brought to Houston was that he had a tough budget cycle in Seattle,'' the Mayor's spokesman added.
It is unfortunate, indeed, that the reasonable foundation that this platform makes for the project has not, so far, yielded something more appropriate on top.
Lower Oil Prices a Factor But Energy Secretary John S. Herrington declared in a letter to Edward E. Noble, chairman of the Synthetic Fuels Corporation, that for various reasons, mainly declining oil prices, ''I have come to the reluctant conclusion that the plan before you will not provide assurance of long-term operation of the project at a reasonable cost to the taxpayers and the nation.''
How did this provincial bourgeois, still unpublished at age 35, emerge from four years of labor in his study at Croisset with so decisive a masterpiece as Flaubert and his posterity have taught us to think of writing as the death of the self, which becomes absorbed into an impersonal medium where words stand on their own, to be reactivated by the interpretations, and the misinterpretations, of uncontrollable future readers.
Dr. Milham noted that in 1982 he had presented evidence of a link between leukemia and exposure to electrical and/or magnetic fields.
Word of this has spread.and an editor of Harper's Bazaar called the library the other day, excited over possible application of the new preservation treatment to yellowing human skin, most specifically women's skin.
The views he expressed in a speech prepared for delivery in San Diego resembled those recently espoused by Attorney General Edwin Meese 3d, whose views have drawn response from Justices William J. Brennan Jr. and John Paul Stevens of the Supreme Court.
''That's the issue here - it's jobs,'' added James T. Broyhill, a North Carolina Republican.
Ayer, the American agency placing the ads and analyzing their effect.
The fund has asked the memorial's architects to determine where the names should be added.
No comparable year-ago results are available because the company went public in December 1984.
''I hated those whitewashed frames with little gold bands I had to make for people's homes, to help assimilate the paintings to their walls,'' he says.
But today, some suburbanites have taken a more emphatically urban approach.
He said this would ''create favorable conditions'' for concluding a treaty on a complete prohibition of nuclear weapon tests.
''I told him, 'Thomas, it takes two to tango.'
In several subsequent conversations Mr. Malakhov was careful not to criticize previous Soviet public relations efforts but conceded: ''We are trying to work better.
Tax-reformers are debating whether to reduce, for some taxpayers, the incentives for charitable giving - and that could further cut into nonprofits' revenues.
In 1983 Mr. Murdock took control of the Flexi-Van Corporation, a transportation equipment company, and last year made more than $100 million in profits in selling back his stake in the Occidental Petroleum Corporation after clashing with management.
If Williams were to sign an offer sheet today, the pro- rated total would be only $44,210.
''I didn't feel liked at first, but now everything is fine with the players.
The relatively low level of the delegations from most countries was intended as an indication of dissatisfaction with the course the Sandinista Government has taken, according to diplomats from Latin America and Western Europe.
On June 18, 1962, Aaron clubbed a pitch from Jay Hook of the New York Mets about 460 feet to the same area.
West chose the passive lead of trump, which was won with the dummy's ace.
''Gordon's and my life is San Francisco, New York, Europe and music.''
George Gervin scored 33 points, Mike Mitchell added 22 and Moore collected 14 points, 14 assists and 10 rebounds for the Spurs.
Since Dylan Thomas's day, the writers and the painters have gravitated from Gaston's French House up Dean Street to Muriel's, the door of that obscure Colony Room Club always open during pub closing hours in the afternoons.
When he retired 42 years later, he was the founder, president and chief executive officer of the Hertz Rent-a-Car Corporation and a recipient of the Horatio Alger Award.
Most stores in Paris are closed on Sundays, but the police announced that security at the large department stores and other public buildings would be substantially increased in coming days.
The consumer board suggests that pool owners check pH and chlorine levels every day or two.
She came to New York from Puerto Rico with her parents and brother when she was a 3 years old.
If it is a failure, ''it's mine.''
Last May he drew a stunning 52 percent of the popular vote in state elections; the Social Democrats will shortly ask him to pull off a similar miracle in the entire Federal Republic.
He reaped an $8 million profit on his 6.7 percent of Sotheby's shares.
Then there was a semi-complete performance in Paris, but without some sections.
''I complained for six years there,'' he said.
If the Cowboys lose, the Giants and the Cowboys will be tied for first place.
Meanwhile, a blue plastic covering and plywood keep the rain out.
''He'd already performed up to expectations and beyond in college,'' Brandt noted.
We have all seen artists' renderings of the great lunkers, sad of eye and defeated of brain, shambling off toward extinction while tiny, bright-eyed primitive mammals, knowing they are going to inherit the earth, scamper in hordes around the feet and under the noses of the doomed monsters.
They pay 11 percent interest on such loans, which are commonplace here but infrequent in New York and London.
Recruit volunteers, especially those alumni who, as scholarship students, benefited from past book sales.
He was formerly a senior vice president and director of E. R. Squibb & Company and president of Beech-Nut Inc.
Or Guell Park, the fantasy refuge overlooking the city.that includes the house where this ascetic man lived.
I saw that I could treat the plants as a grove of saplings and prune and cut out enough for both a view and a pleasant vignette of slender tree trunks.
All men are fussy when the camera aims their way, for what the camera produces can be kept as evidence, and who among us wants the evidence to tell the truth about us?
Associates of Mr. Haden-Guest who spoke to him before and after his return yesterday called the case ''murky'' and said there were many unexplained circumstances.
Governor Cuomo defended his nominee to oversee economic development in New York State.
There is no direct air or sea service between Dominica and the Dominican Republic, and sacks of returned mail have to pass through several islands.
Approval is required at four stages of production and the script must be annotated with ''detailed substantiation for every scene.''
But the new census data show that in 1984, the richest 40 percent of the population received 67.3 percent of the national income, the highest recorded percentage.
Of the 49 players on the roster for the last playoff game, 16 are gone or absent, including the all-pro cornerback Mark Haynes and the defensive end Casey Merrill, who are holding out.
A Government prosecutor charged the armed forces chief, Gen. Fabian C. Ver; two generals and 23 other men today in the killings of the opposition leader Benigno S. Aquino and the man the army had said was his assassin.
We are coping with those problems now, negotiating with more moderate-priced national chains to come in as tenants and spending a good sum on advertising and promotion.''
The Brewers, held hitless for four and one-third innings by Tom Waddell (7-6), broke through with three runs in the sixth inning.
Nine years ago this week, Daniel Schorr, one of the best-known network correspondents in America, was relieved of his duties as a CBS reporter after he passed a House intelligence report to a newspaper.
''No way in the world,'' he said.
GAF said it would tender the 6.96 million shares it already owns to Carbide and encouraged other stockholders to do so also.
- New York Telephone executives hand out a discreet silk calling card to reporters.
Judge Gagliardi has the authority to assign a town or village judge, who has been a lawyer admitted to practice for at least five years, to a city court, although the process is somewhat complicated.
But Patt Gibbs, acting president of the Association of Professional Flight Attandants, wants to scuttle the two-tier system, and will ask American for an early start to contract talks next year.
Frontier is raising $265 million in asset sales, partly through the sale of planes, to finance a large share of the buyout.
As for lightweight coats, we could make one up for you.''
Here is a first hint of the composition developed, a few years later, by Titian in his ''Assumption of the Virgin'' while at the same time a warm glow of color, the attention paid to the draperies and a little parrot right in the forefront remind us that this is a school where light and luxury are never forgotten.
For the growing number of poor children and their families, however, for unemployed youths without skills or opportunities and for the elderly subsisting on meager incomes, holiday joys are diminished by the year-round struggle to survive.
In their absence, Pizzolato's main challengers include Ahmed Saleh of Djibouti, who won the World Cup, and the Americans Bill Rodgers, Frank Shorter, Ron Tabb and Pat Petersen.
The Southern Crescent, traveling from New York to New Orleans, stopped in Salisbury, N.C.
(b) The Conference shall have no operational responsibilities; responsibility for police operations shall remain with the heads of the respective police forces, the Commissioner of the Garda Siochana maintaining his links with the Minister for Justice and the Chief Constable of the Royal Ulster Constabulary his links with the Secretary of State for Northern Ireland.
Here in Cairo, Albert Atrakchi, an administrative attache at the Israeli Embassy, was killed and his wife and secretary were wounded by gunmen who blasted their car with machine-gun fire.
She plays the chicken, but said she was hoping for a meatier role later this summer in ''The Vinegar Tree.''
A Budapest stocking factory has issued this Communist country's first public bonds, the state-run press agency said today.
The 20-year-old California sophomore seldom shows signs of competitive pressure, and here she seemed even more relaxed than usual.
Advocates of the other approach do not want compromise and are willing to forego peace indefinitely to avoid it.
The reason we're in business is that we can do the job so much cheaper than the Government.
The decision will be made this morning, but it seemed certain that he faced surgery and the Mets faced a month and a half without on of their brightest young stars.
The committee is charged with determining ''the sources of the controversies in our convention'' and to ''make findings and make recommendations regarding those controversies so that Southern Baptists might effect reconciliation and effectively discharge their responsibilities to God.''
The Real Estate Board of New York calculated two years ago that the development rights above landmarked buildings in the midtown area already totaled 9.6 million square feet.
* Ericsson Inc., Richardson, Tex., said that in line with its recently announced corporate strategy to concentrate on telecommunications and because of depressed market conditions in the United States, it would withdraw from marketing personal computers in America through computer dealers.
Serve rabbit with dollop of yogurt and braised vegetables.
Nelson Mandela was transferred from the South African hospital, where he was recovering from surgery, back to prison.
The deal will contribute to a very good year for Boeing.
Mr. Seaga has some political room for maneuver, having won a fresh five-year mandate last year in an election boycotted by the opposition.
The First Visit A NUMBER of circumstances can be the occasion for a girl's first visit to a gynecologist: symptoms of an infection in the vagina or urinary tract, an unusual discharge (a sticky discharge early in adolescence is usually normal), abdominal pains, a girl's desire to know whether she is ''normal,'' injury to the vaginal area, delayed start of the menses, loss of periods or delayed development of breasts and pubic hair.
Mr. Dole today muted his criticism of the President on the budget but did not withdraw his remark that the Administration and House Republicans and Democrats were ''surrendering to the deficit.''
SATURDAY, APRIL 27, 1985 Companies Sir James Goldsmith canceled his offer for Crown Zellerbach.
's door: ''Closed by Dept.
Elements of the real and the fantastic are so naturally balanced that after a while we begin to take their juxtaposition for granted.
Its margin of sampling error was plus or minus 3 percentage points.
They are using acrylic paint which takes about four months to wear away.
Was on his way back from Greece, where he and other Seabees, or naval construction battalion engineers, had been on an assignment .
John V. Evans of Idaho said almost total deregulation had also brought poorer service to small Western states.
As Mr. Ryan rejoins, that would diminish the nature of the crimes.
At that time, Sir James withdrew a bid of $42.50 a share for the company.
But Bass Strait oil production is about to peak.
There is also an unexpected sociability, with all participants, including models, contributing.
Only we in South Africa can solve problems.''
REINALDO ARENAS, a Cuban writer, made his way to the United States as part of the Mariel exodus in 1980.
In part, it is a champion's progression, the rest is owed to a motorcycle accident in which his 18-year-old sister, Angela, was killed in 1984.
It was dim in the little shop, but the gleam of dark, rich woods and sparkling crystal beckoned.
Minoxidil may prove ineffective, or dangerous, or both.
''The call will come,'' he predicted recently.
In February, CBS completed the acquisition of 12 special-interest consumer magazines from Ziff-Davis for $362.5 million, and interests in cable TV sports programming and pay cable services for a total of $57 million.
Some illnesses, such as malaria, which have been virtually eliminated in the United States, are still prevalent in many places abroad.
The action, effective immediately, was seen as retaliation against Cuba's suspension of an immigration agreement with the United States.
A decade after the end of the Vietnam War, more than 2,400 Americans are still listed as missing in Indochina, 1,375 of them in Vietnam.
Under terms of the agreement, Oppenheimer, which ranks 21st among Wall Street-based brokerage houses, will pay Mercantile Holdings, the huge international foreign currency and financial services group, $100 million in cash and $50 million in junior subordinated debt and redeemable preferred stock.
Like virtually all other members of the Marine Band, Colonel Bourgeois is first and foremost a musician.
His volume replaces older, badly flawed biographies and gives readers as good a picture as they are likely to get of the man who assumed leadership of the major part of the church when Smith was assassinated in 1844, led its members west and built a church empire in Utah.
Only he would know the real reason.
The Chinese Teahouse on the lawn at Marble House, with its green tile dragons and vermilion pillars, was restored and opened to the public in 1982.
Needless to say, any of the peaceful projects you cite could be developed for a tiny fraction of the cost of ''Star Wars'' research alone.
John Johnson then made two free throws for the Blackbirds (2-2) 14 seconds later.
Among other companies that did well, the Digital Equipment Corporation's net income rose 37 percent.
And the early scenes in which Mr. Schwarzenegger, as Col. John Matrix, a retired commando, is at home with his daughter (Alyssa Milano) have an underlying current of humor - it is clear the child would be as comfortable cuddling up to a polar bear.
The business was started in 1976 and has expanded to creating Nouvelle Seafood Entrees, gourmet frozen meals about to be marketed in the county after test-marketing upstate and in Washington.
Last week that group sponsored a daylong conference at Riverside Church on living wills that attracted about 120 people of all ages.
Protection of senior Government figures has lately been stepped up, while American diplomatic and military installations have also been put on alert.
After the 20's, Lewis more or less abandoned painting, in part discouraged by the lack of patronage for his work, and also by the limpness of the art scene in England.
The three-month ban covered the Eastern Cape region and areas near Johannesburg where most of the recent trouble has occurred.
Governor Kean conditionally vetoed a package of bills last week and recommended they be converted into a proposal to create an environmental trust fund.
And although the Generals trailed, 24-14, entering the final quarter, they had provided the crowd with some much needed entertainment.
Mr. Socolar said the G.A.O.
Seaver (6-4) allowed five hits, including Tim Teufel's home run in the third inning.
The clock never rang the next morning.
Such as Keene's steady incisive reports (''Chapman wagged his tongue all afternoon'') on that exasperating and beguiling genus, the neighbors.
Nor has the past record of unions on racial discrimination and the promotion of women, either in the workplace or in their own ranks, often been much better than that of many businesses.
The centerpiece of ''Sondheim'' is the ''Pacific Overtures Suite,'' a 27-minute amalgam of symphonic dances based on six musical moments from the 1976 Broadway show.
Among its many programming refinements, the CDP-620ES also has a segmental repeat, which puts an automatic ''da capo'' on any portion of the music picked by the listener.
''He was wonderful ,'' said my daughter, who had been relatively unmoved by the flawlessness of the Peking Circus.
Mr. Diyeso, a 1971 graduate of Syracuse University, returned to his native Westchester in 1975 to start his tree business.
As such, composition is both a written and a performing art - it must sound.
What Mr. Kemp really means is that he wants a more ''pro-rich family'' bill.
RHODE ISLAND Democrat - St Germain, yes.
A Sensitive Issue Although the doctrine of justification by faith was adopted by other Protestants, it was not fully embraced as a tenet of the Anglican Church and arose as a seriously divisive issue only in the 19th century.
Some analysts predict that about three-fourths of all hospitals will be part of some multi-hospital group - including both profit and nonprofit - by 1990.
connection, which we had reserved and paid for a month in advance.
In many cases the only evidence will be a pile of discarded wings left near where the termites went back underground.
In 1982 our reviewer, Leonard W. Levy, explained that the Anti- Federalists based their opposition partly on doubts that the United States, with so many governments, local traditions, religions, races, national stocks, social problems and economic interests, could survive.
With it came the founder-chef, Hans-Peter Wodarz, his star in the German Michelin guide and most of his staff.
Those designated to go abroad do so as scientific representatives of the Foreign Ministry, and they report through normal Foreign Ministry channels, Israeli sources said.
ANTHONY R. AMERUSO MORRIS TARSHIS New York, Aug. 29, 1985 The writers are, respectively, New York City Commissioner of Transportation and Director of Franchises.
James A. Lovell of the Navy, the mission commander, radioed matter-of-factly.
Neither the film, which was three years old, nor the review mentioned Fela's later activities.
Its pastel palette and delicate sensuality have insured only a few subsequent productions (it was butchered in New York as ''The Merry Monarch'' and in London as ''The Lucky Star'').
The spokesman did not know the actual number.
''Even though I lost the second set, I felt in control,'' Miss Navratilova said.
He pointed out, ''You're going to bring some smiles to public officials.''
Three years ago, the company consolidated its three plants into one, in the process increasing efficiency and doubling its production capacity.
By the time firefighters arrived, the flames had spread to other buildings in the complex and was already moving northward toward the residential area.
Other items that the Treasury has recommended to the President, according to the officials, include these: * An overall increase in business taxes and a reduction in total taxes paid by individuals.
Sales jumped 35.2 percent, to $12.60 billion, from $9.32 billion.
Jerry Colangelo, the Suns' general manager, opened negotiations with the Bulgarian Basketball Federation.
''You're angry, look angry,'' one organizer shouted to the landlords last week as television news cameras were about to film.
The veto was (upheld/overridden/not challenged) in Congress.
''We're talking about hysteria,'' Mr. Butler said.
Several very blue paintings date to that period, Dr. Ravin said, including the view from the house at Giverny.
Page's trainer, Janks Morton, was raised in Cincinnati, was a close friend of Tubbs' family and watched Tubbs grow up.
He no doubt earned the undying enmity of the American Dairy Association when he rendered his opinion of the oft-repeated contention by the dairy lobby that ''you never outgrow your need for milk.''
Donald Curry, now the undisputed welterweight champion after a second-round knockout of Milt McCrory, loomed as an eventual big-money foe for Hagler or Hearns, or both.
The Chengdu plain, watered by a 2,000-year-old irrigation system, is China's richest land.
Mr. Kean cannot officially deliver his veto messages to the Legislature until it returns to Trenton from its summer break, but he mailed copies of his messages to the members last week.
This is a nice touch, a suggestion of what the documentary film is trying to do.
THE Year of the Environment is not over yet, and the lame-duck Legislature has until noon on Jan. 14 to act on several important bills.
By Jack W. Germond and Jules Witcover.
He is with Carter, Ledyard & Milburn.
HOW is it that a new musical conceived and created by a big-league lyricist and librettist, and that proved to be a British hit, is trying out in a Farmingdale high school instead of heading straight for Broadway?
Markets Stock prices rose sharply for the second straight session, lifting the Dow Jones industrial average within 5 points of its record.
McLaughlin, Suzanne E., Wilton H.S.
The playwright has moments of simple lyricism that become repetitious and rarely reach real eloquence.
's - a blend of rice and highly seasoned sausage in a fiery hot sauce.
Its advertising claim is: ''The first luxury class cigarette created by Yves St.
The original Treasury plan, now called Treasury I, did propose scaling back those deductions, creating a major source of increased tax revenue that permitted general reductions in tax rates.
U.S. concern on the Philippines has prompted an initiative by President Reagan, according to Administration officials.
Tonight, conference sources said officials had drafted a ''tough and practical'' statement on terrorism, although it still needs final approval.
But now the company is under siege from another direction.
The board, the city's fiscal monitor, must approve the plan in accordance with state law.
''Trying to help you get there,'' Watts says.
The Justice Department's previous policy on how it would deal with adverse court rulings was stated as recently as March 13, in a letter to the Lawyers Committee.
The Triborough Bridge and Tunnel Authority is offering $150 million of revenue bonds through underwriters led by Morgan Stanley & Company.
Polaroid has other things going for it, according to Regina Wiedenski of Boston-based Adams, Harkness & Hill.
After 2,000 years the question of responsibility for Jesus' death is a nonquestion, or ought to be.
- the Extra Terrestrial'' fell off the pace on a gross of $2.8 million that dropped it three notches to No.
He used to pay me a few dollars to wash his black Pontiac, and on Wednesday, his day off, I went with him to his parents' house where we planted vegetables and flowers.
(Yes, the hoop itself remains at 10 feet.)
This one is lanky and tall, however, and always needs staking.
He was injured the night before Conquistador Cielo's triumph, and he and Stephens thought Chumming was a better horse than Caveat in 1983, and Devil's Bag better than Swale last year.
When Mayor Roger Hedgecock first stood trial in Superior Court last February on charges that he had conspired to funnel $350,000 into his 1983 campaign illegally, he insisted on telling the jury his side of the story.
Governor Kean's unusually good relations with organized labor were summed up by Charles Marciante, the state A.F.L.-C.I.O.
But the damage was already done.
''I didn't have to badger Joe about the show,'' she said.
The workers were also demanding the abolition of what they called repressive labor laws that virtually ban strikes.
He said the statistics also showed there would be some loss of jobs in the glass industry but that there could be programs to retrain glass-industry workers .
Any waiter or waitress can tell you about Mr. Debevic.
He is a senior and would like to study for a master's degree.
''It's my own belief,'' he said at that time, ''that the only power which can resist the power of fear is the power of love.
I'm going to continue doing that.''
If it is, the statutory provisions by which we are governed, as construed by the Supreme Court, leave little doubt that the remedy, short of further field study by the Corps, lies with Congress, not the courts.
It is a notable lapse, considering that fresh herbs are more available than they used to be.
02116, and open a whole new world to yourself.
The referee Tony Orlando, on the advice of the ringside physician, Dr. Frank B. Doggett, did not let Avery come out for the fifth.
Other organizations have considered this problem and have arrived at a flexible solution: Declare a number of fixed holidays and allow a number of personal-choice holidays.
It includes a full-featured camera, but the recorder section simply unplugs from the camera-recorder combination (models MVS-460 and MVS-5000) to be used independently as a regular home VCR, which of course plays only 8 millimeter tapes.
It is open (except for Christmas Day) from 9 A.M. to 5 P.M. Monday through Saturday and on Sunday from noon to 5 P.M.
Dancers and choreographers fanned out to studios and theaters around town for technique classes, rehearsals, and workshops in music, taught by Mrs. Nunlist and the composer Ellen Spokane, and in lighting, dance history and costuming, and expressive movement, taught respectively by Penny Stegenga, Malcolm McCormick and Marcia Leventhal.
Mr. Magalhaes Pinto said there was evidence that the plane had been shot down as a result of a dispute between traffickers.
The authority proposes three garages on 18 acres off Gun Hill Road, near the New England Thruway.
Great debates rose as to whether Mullin or Patrick Ewing of Georgetown should have received it.
''The world is watching us,'' said Louis Mexandeau, minister for the Post and Telecommunications Authority.
Some say a way out might be for the firms to close shop as a broker to clients and trade solely for their own account.
There was no immediate reaction to the announcement by Hanoi.
It is too easily forgotten that until only three years ago these non-OPEC producers on average charged more for their oil than the OPEC nations did.
Mr. Moynihan's proposal, which prevailed, 11 to 10, would preserve these programs by freezing their appropriations in 1986 at the 1985 level and hold them there through 1988.
Kelvin Ransey added 13 but committed 5 turnovers.
The commission ruled that submetering was also acceptable as a substitute for direct metering by Con Edison.
The lottery tickets are in fact ''Premium Bonds'' and are backed by the full faith and credit of the Government, are cashable at any time and entitle the registered holder to be entered into the weekly ''lotto'' draw, in which there are thousands of prizes in addition to a few considerable grand prizes.
''People here don't understand though that Egyptians are disappointed too with what has happened to the peace process.
Hyperbole is common in Soviet public statements, and while some Western residents find that it cheapens a genuinely admirable feat, Muscovites appear to take the hoopla in stride.
Hispanic Population Boom Long considered a broadcasting backwater, Spanish-language television in the United States has blossomed in recent years as the Hispanic population has grown dramatically.
In the evening, Mrs. Gorbachev served as hostess at a dinner in honor of the Reagans at the Soviet Mission.
Both chorus and organist are at times called upon to improvise freely on given patterns and pitches, especially in the imaginatively varied introductions on the exhortation ''Praise'' that begin each of the five large sections.
It is hard to overlook headlines like ''Mob Lifts Millions From Jersey Banks; Several Collapse'' or stories like the 1970 indictment of the entire Old Tappan police department for accepting bribes from Vincent (The Chin) Gigante.
Tomorrow through Sunday, the Council of the New York Botanical Garden, a volunteer group, will present its annual flower market sale.
There are now about 1,600 specially marked buses in the 3,770-vehicle fleet.
At Congregation Emanu-El of Westchester in Rye, N.Y., yesterday Leora Mariana Rosenberg, a daughter of Mr. and Mrs. Thomas S. Rosenberg of Charlotte, N.C., was married to Steven Mark Levy, a son of Mr. and Mrs. Stanley H. Levy of Scarsdale, N.Y.
At the height of his appeal, he commanded nearly one-quarter of the region's audio audience, reached 40 states and Canada on clear channel and worked South America (on tape) as ''El Primo Brucie.''
As it turned out, Governor Cuomo balked at raising the pay of the statewide officials - himself, the lieutenant governor, the attorney general and the comptroller.
Faster growth would intensify credit demand, pushing up interest rates and, presumably, demand for dollars to invest in United States securities at the higher rates.
The conditions of that world, with the United States and the Soviet Union each limited to one missile defense site, are being eroded by the new technology and treaty loopholes.
They will have to displease Pretoria.
Last week, American Hospital Supply said that its third-quarter net income fell 16.9 percent, to $47.3 million, or 64 cents a share, from $56.9 million, or 77 cents a share, a year earlier.
But violence is hardly confined to soccer matches in Britain.
B. Jay Cooper, spokesman for Mr. Baldrige, declined to go into detail but said, ''Both sides felt that considerable progress had been made.''
His legislative record in his first term, plus his smashing victory last November, caused many to see him as a political wizard who could do no wrong.
Tacy had a 222-149 record, including 15-14 last season, since becoming the coach in 1972. .
Mr. Genscher is known to have told colleagues that he would not be seen in public ''shaking that man's hand.''
They'd have to shoot me to stop me from picking them up, because I'd be dead inside if I didn't.''
Working Together From the very start of his career at American, Mr. Casey and Mr. Crandall, who had joined the company a year before him as senior vice president, finance, became close and worked together to turn the carrier around.
Mr. Pifer also stated that 15 percent of the University of Cape Town's local enrollment was nonwhite and that nonwhite students enjoy precisely the same rights and privileges at the university as white students.
The police sent a pack to him by a remote-control robot.
Now it sits center stage in the Village Green booth with a price tag of $13,000.
Jim Kelly of the Houston Gamblers threw three first-half touchdown passes before leaving the game with a knee injury.
One nurse is responsible for coordinating a patient's care during the entire stay in the unit, to reduce the possibility of clinical error and assure continuity of care.
Other business reply mail will rise to 23 cents from 18 cents.
Next Sunday, ''French Bon-Bons'' features Johannes Somary, conductor, with Louise Scribner, oboist, and the Amor Artis Chamber Choir in music of Poulenc, Dubois and Milhaud.
Glen Hanlon, playing with a broken stick, turned back two shots by Ron Francis, but was unable to stop Ray Neufeld's short wrist shot from the slot at 1:42.
In February 1984, Metropolitan Edison, a G.P.U.
But in fact, few of the new counterintelligence initiatives announced over the last few months is in place.
Saturday THE WOMEN OF THE WEST Out where the West began, in American mythology, was usually portrayed as a man's country.
Now what do you do?
''Carlene,'' said Gooden, with a shy smile, ''is my fiancee.''
*3*** COMPANY REPORTS ** View Full Article in Timesmachine »
''It's just bad journalism,'' said Mr. Sakowski, who has worked as a reporter in America.
Mr. Harris plays a newspaper reporter who is bribed to spy on his friends for the county commissioner, a boyhood friend who is seeking to discredit opponents of a landfill project that is politically important to him.
The other towns where seminars are scheduled this year are East Haven, West Haven, Madison, Westport, Stratford, Old Saybrook, Greenwich and Guilford.
The New York Telephone Company, which is restoring service to 45,000 Long Island customers who were disconnected by Gloria, has also called in outside help.
As the haughty Kostelnicka, Mignon Dunn looked magnificently austere.
He misstates when he writes that there has been no improvement of child-protective services and that the city avoids accountability.
The strike ended with a tentative agreement for a 5 percent wage increase in each year of a two-year contract and guarantees that workers would receive every other weekend off.
We try hard to treat each family as an individual case.''
Many claims have been made for the preeminence of Augustus Saint-Gaudens, the late-19th-century American sculptor perhaps best known to New Yorkers for his monument to General Sherman in the Grand Army Plaza in Brooklyn.
Five other players testified before the grand jury in the case, which resulted in the indictment of seven men, but have not been required to testify at any trials.
Buses will leave the Y at 10 A.M. and return at 5 P.M. Fee: $30 for nonmembers, $25 for members.
Mr. Azzolina owns 14 supermarkets, but Mr. Lanard said he was hopeful that the incoming Assemblyman would be receptive to discussing a new bill.
To do this, he said, ''they will have to move whatever bodies are on the site.''
''I may have a little gray, but I've got a lot of kick left.''
Russell W. Peterson, president of the National Audubon Society, said that while Mr. Clark's performance was ''in sharp contrast to the hostile, anti-environmental crusade of Mr. Watt,'' the Secretary was ''certainly no champion of environmental protection.''
Specifically, the company said it would attempt to buy up to 8 million shares at $46 each.
The Rangers scored twice in the third inning and the Yankees came back with two in the sixth off the starter Frank Tanana.
It was supposedly during one painful sleepless night that Louis Lumiere thought up a means of advancing film through the camera with a handcrank mechanism similar to the foot pedal on a sewing machine.
Hours are 10 A.M. to 4 P.M.
The idea is to have no expectations.
Mr. Qoboza is now a prominent newspaper editor.
''For the past three years,'' said Coach P. J. Carlesimo of Seton Hall, ''these teams haven't just been the strongest teams in the conference, they've been among the best in the country.
Two tractor-trailers were involved in the crash.
Hyperinflation has been both the cause and the symptom of a futile bustle.
Then, as it neared an S-curve, the motorman came on: ''Passengers on the right side of the train, especially those near the windows, should be aware that there are children in the building at Crescent Street throwing missiles at the train.''
and Mrs. Lee L. Kester Jr. of Hasbrouck Heights, N.J.
This season both the Giants and the Jets are concluding the season at home for the first time since 1981, when each qualified for the playoffs as a wild card.
At Kirkland & Ellis he spent much of his time putting out fires.
There is also, high officials say, a broader understanding that Mr. Reagan has only another eight or nine months to score major achievements in domestic affairs.
''Live in Liverpool,'' features concert versions of 13 earlier songs, including the huge British hits ''Lies'' and ''In the Name of Love.''
Study Began 4 Decades Ago The history of efforts to observe and understand Cygnus A, so-called because it lies beyond the constellation Cygnus, the Swan, date to the earliest days of radio astronomy, immediately after World War II, when J. Stanley Hey in Britain turned a modified antiaircraft radar on the heavens.
The most pleasant surprise of all is that unlike many restaurants that specialize in seafood, the Oyster House eschews deep-frying.
Chevron, which is based in San Francisco, is giving the university $3 million for starting costs.
He did not test the cable itself.
After finishing high school, Mr. Gladbach started driving a truck for a gas company in Mendon, a village of about 300 people, and began planning to acquire land of his own.
This morning, hundreds of Mexicans filed by the ice-covered corpses, seeking missing family members.
These are among the books, authors and publishers making such donations: * A portion of the proceeds from the sale of Dominique Lapierre's ''City of Joy,'' a book about Calcutta, will go toward Action Aid for Lepers' Children of Calcutta, founded by the author and his wife.
The separate pamphlet for parents that accompanies the book is helpful in teaching parents how to talk to children and how to get children to talk.
As the radio began to play somber music late into the night, the streets of Moscow were quiet and deserted, with little sign that anything was amiss.
FROM the avenue, it looks like just another slick East Side neon-and-fern bar specializing in frozen drinks sporting little umbrellas.
''It's all been my choice.''
Once he formed Mason & Company, he merged it with Legg & Company in 1970, and then with Wood Walker in 1973.
James Abrams, chief financial officer of Williams-Sonoma, said his company was pleased that American Can had sold the stake in the retailer of cooking equipment because it ''gives us absolute control'' of the company.
The Black Hawks were short two defensemen, Doug Wilson, out with a groin pull, and Keith Brown, who didn't return after suffering a hip pointer in the first period.
Singapore Airlines is not always the cheapest, but what it calls Easy and Super Easy fares may appeal strongly to some travelers.
This was precisely how his system was supposed to work.
and Park Tower Realty signed an agreement late last month that brought the giant computer company into a partnership arrangement for the new structure, being built on East 55th Street off Park Avenue.
The thing about getting cut is that other people take it worse than you do.
And when Darryl Strawberry singled and stole second, they had a shot at taking the lead.
He is the ''pipeline and process'' man of economic policy, one of his associates says, controlling the flow of proposals to Mr. Regan and the Oval Office.
Mere reimbursement of her monetary investment in the marriage, he wrote, would not suffice.
After his election, Mr. Hobeika said: ''Our option is the Arab option.
''I offered to cut one number,'' Mr. Holmes said.
Update: Williamson averaged only 33.8 yards for the season, and in the last two games shanked four punts, one of them a free kick after a safety.
Carol Sanger, a spokesman for Federated, said the Boston Store division had been sold so that the company could more effectively deploy its resources.
In the southern town of Jezzin, the original population of 20,000 rose to well over 100,000 as many Christian families fled villages captured in the last week by Moslem attackers.
Well, enlightenment is at hand today during a free 2 P.M. concert celebrating Washington's birthday at the Van Cortlandt Mansion in Van Cortlandt Park, at Broadway at 242d Street.
It also, according to the on- screen instructions, ''applies over 1,000 English 'rules' to the incoming text and automatically encodes things like stress, pitch and inflections caused by punctuation.''
They are the New York Commodity, the Mercantile and the Coffee, Sugar and Cocoa exchanges.
Specific grievances were aired in various rallies.
''If something happens and it doesn't work, we'll call it 'a modern sculpture made of steel,' '' says Mike Burns, the Open's executive director, who says the matches-in-progress video arcade is only the most visible sign of $2 million worth of capital improvements the U.S.T.A.
The officer has said the woman assaulted as well as harassed him.
A civilian fact-finding commission had recommended that General Ver be indicted and said his testimony was designed to mislead.
It stands in the middle of his courtyard until, one night, a shadow passes briefly over the face of the moon.
She seems to think that the prospects of poor pay, bad working conditions and low status deter potential teachers and that the aforementioned ''no-nothings'' are responsible for the public's low opinion of teachers.
Both the ''Frito'' and the ''Lay'' portions of the company were founded in the early 1930's - the Frito corn-chip business by Elmer Doolin and the Lay potato chip operation by Herman W. Lay, each of whom borrowed $100 to found their businesses.
Like most amateur gardeners, Mrs. Harwood began slowly - planting one small perennial bed at a time.
''There are others who know more than either of them.
I am ready to come.''
The museum was strictly business.
Panatta's Improvement Noted McEnroe had also played Panatta once before, winning easily.
Mr. Parrino, the new president, it seems, would have it no other way.
Unlike ordinary phosphors, which break down when brought too close to the arc stream, rare-earth phosphors, which contain rare-earth elements such as yttrium and europium, can withstand a relatively high current passing through a narrow tube.
Imbued with a public interest under the law, the academic corporations are properly held to a high standard of corporate citizenship.
Mrs. Lloyd, who has won here five times, said she was a bit nervous by the center-court atmosphere.
The true oregano (Origanum vulgare) is native to Greece and Spain.
Chancellor Helmut Kohl has become caught up in a controversy growing out of a magazine's suggestion that the West German Army could sweep unopposed into Eastern Europe and reunify Germany.
In the case of Mr. Heaney's resolution, Mr. Sabatino said: ''Mr.
In New York, the dollar fell to $1.3385, from $1.3190 on Thursday.
The sinister side of day- making approached its zenith in 1983 in ''Sudden Impact,'' one of the Clint Eastwood Dirty Harry movies, script by Joseph Stinson, its central character a cop who gives short shrift to the civil liberties of the accused, in Mickey Spillane's grand Mike Hammer tradition.
''In many ways, Boone Pickens is a breath of fresh air,'' said James Scott, a professor of finance at the Columbia Business School.
Tonight at 6:30 P.M. the Architectural League will present a lecture by Christian de Portzamparc, French architect, on his recent work.
MONTE CARLO, Monaco, April 6 (AP) - Darkness halted a rain-delayed semifinal match today between Ivan Lendl of Czechoslovakia and Henrik Sundstrom of Sweden in the $325,000 Jacomo Monte Carlo Open tennis tournament.
A quality assurance program is a system of internal checks to detect such things as an increase in deaths or complications.
He was referring to Mohammed Abbas, also known as Abul Abbas, the leader of the faction of the Palestine Liberation Front to which the hijackers are said to belong.
Costello retired immediately after losing his title to Lonnie Smith last Wednesday at the Garden.
Apart from that change, what the Electoral College most needs is appreciation.
When she hears that her Social Security check might bounce, the widow living from hand to mouth trembles for a week.
''He climbed a ladder, broke in through a window, poured kerosene throughout all our offices, lit it, climbed back down the ladder, and drove away in his van.''
An issue surely of pith and moment, but Mr. Goldensohn is much too polite to go into it.
When I go home with an empty sack, I'll show them where the Indians shot me in the back, And how my mules laid down and died, And I near starved to death beside.
To make room on the roster, the 76ers cut Voise Winter, a second-round draft pick.
Played Down Chances This year's scenario was even wilder, though, because Stephens freely admitted before the race that neither Creme Fraiche nor Stephan's Odyssey was as good a horse as his previous Belmont winners, and that Creme Fraiche especially had looked like a horse who should be kept away from the best in the division.
But he ran into broad criticism of the United States trade embargo against Nicaragua.
Apart from the numerous servants, the characters take their social importance as blithely for granted as their private incomes, and are probably right to do so, since they're quite likely to have titles.
James S. Dooley of the resort's Police Department, but last year the number of crimes committed in the hotel-casinos dropped by 10 percent.
''Quality time'' crops up over and over in discussions of child-rearing in two-career families.
United Goal: Survival ''I don't like to think of myself as a trendsetter,'' Mr. Gregg said, ''and I'm skeptical about saying that this is a panacea.
Criswell believes that Stanley will be re-elected and that no major schism will occur.
Officials of the security industry say their services save money for taxpayers by avoiding red tape and reducing the number of government employees.
The makers of the first no-salt-added canned tuna previewed their product at a lunch several years ago.
Mr. Lubbers said this was needed before there could be progress on efforts to curb American and Soviet medium-range missiles in Europe.
These laws, which went into effect Oct. 1, are only the latest in a series of steps taken by the General Assembly to reduce the incidences of drinking and driving.
''Because the success of Chi-Chi's and El Torito in Mexican food has prompted many other chains to explore ethnic-food approaches to expansion,'' he said.
*3*** COMPANY REPORTS ** View Full Article in Timesmachine »
New Jersey has had a drinking age of 21 since 1982.
After the pinch hitter Bill Russell popped up for the second out, Duncan hit a line drive that bounced off the knees of the left fielder Greg Gross and carried into center to score Sax with the winning run.
David Rabe, in between working on two novels and a couple of plays, is busy cutting ''In the Boom Boom Room'' and, he said, ''trying to get it back into what was its organic structure.''
South African whites respond badly to threats.
In doing so, Anne forgoes the consolations offered by the pristine, ordered realms of Art and Religion, and instead acknowledges all the messy entanglements and conditional values of humdrum daily life.
''It's their decision,'' Mr. Williams said, ''and we respect what they are doing because they are a very professional operation.''
Although a strike is unlikely, Mr. Cuomo has indicated he would like a resolution by Sunday's deadline.
When the idea of playing CD's in cars first surfaced last winter, I instantly scoffed.
At dusk, a ring of 12 replica lamps, simple bulb-on-post devices that were considered the wonder of the Christmas season in 1879, will be lighted by Mr. Yelencsics and Mr. Sheehan.
Mr. Reagan said at the news conference that it was time for Congress to resist protectionist sentiment.
The rare churches that are more elaborate emulate the design of churches built in the open, with columns topped by capitals, galleries that sometimes contain windows letting in light or trompe l'oeil representations of features of churches built of stone and masonry and standing free.
The income limit is the crudest sort of budget cutting.
Their wan smiles seemed to indicate that they, too, were subdued about it all, knowing that Lebanon was still in chaos.
Things were at the point where you don't move out over it, but they were quality-of-life violations.
said Mr. Farrell in the midst of interviewing prospective State Supreme Court nominees hours before the Manhattan judicial district convention last night.
But when I got around first and was digging for second, I saw the umpire waving circles above his head and I knew it was over.
Octopus proved tender, and the tamagoyaki (omelet) was competently formed and tasty.
Altogether, somebody has been doing something right.
''I'm just happy to be here and I'm happy with what I've been given.
His office was inundated with approving letters and telegrams; the Israeli Ambassador to Bonn pronounced the discourse ''a moment of glory'' in West German-Israeli ties; a Government agency printed 250,000 copies to distribute in schools, and a Hamburg company made plans to bring out a record of the speech.
''No, I wouldn't,'' she snaps back.
Bally, though still in business, has nonetheless had problems: Its profits plunged to $5.2 million in 1983 and it lost $100 million last year, largely because of an arcade games write-off and an operating loss in that division.
''I'm as environment-conscious as the next guy.
Pentagon officials said the new projections indicated the plane could not carry out a round-trip mission against the United States without midair refueling.
On our first day, we took the tram up Victoria Peak, 1,800 feet high, past various levels of pretty residential sections, each becoming more elite as we rose up the mountain.
Amid all the hubbub and hustle this time of year always brings, we should not forget the simple beauty of that first Christmas long ago.
In this setting, the Miami Dolphins, the 1984 American Football Conference champions, prepare for another season on the athletic fields of St. Thomas University, a Roman Catholic campus of low, concrete-block buildings and scrub pine.
In that sense, it is potentially a revolutionary force in education, deserving a central place in the organization of the school.
''We exchanged glances and all that.
Proxy Fight Seen ''The way I see it,'' one major oil analyst remarked, ''is that these guys are going to try to lead a proxy fight to liquidate Phillips.
It bears the name Haleakala (House of the Sun), and it dominates the eastern half of the island of Maui in the Hawaiian chain.
The commission hearing today into featherbedding will begin at 9:30 A.M. in the State Office Building at 270 Broadway, at Chambers Street.
Iraq, at war with Iran for five years, said Monday that its planes had raided Kharg for the 40th time since mid-August and hit a ''large naval target'' -normally a reference to a tanker -near the Iranian coast.
They have moved in close to the body, and in pale colors, such as peach, mint and mauve, they now seem fragile and delicate.
Stomach and lungs, after all, are close neighbors; living next door to lungs that are constantly full of smoke must affect a stomach the way living across the street from a burning dump would affect you and me.
Soda is covered by the $15 charge, but beer is extra.
Mr. Reagan also voiced support for his budget director, David A. Stockman, who recently criticized programs benefiting farmers and military retirees.
The fugitive, his family, lawyers and the news media had been told that he would be going back to Madrid on a regularly scheduled Iberia Airlines flight Saturday night.
''No, no,'' the coach said.
The encoding process is so thorough that the company has included in its Super Encryptor II package a small scrambled message under the file name ''Paris.''
Also new in the Frommer series this year is the ''Dollarwise Guide to Cruises,'' by Marilyn Springer and Don A. Schultz, a 297-page, $10.95 guide to ports of call, selecting a cruise, choosing quarters, choosing a ship, packing, dining, schedules and more.
At the turn of the century, the United States' international trade was running about 8 percent of na-tional income.
I don't know if she broke down.
And the bottom line with this bill particularly is, are we going to require those people who are not now paying their fair share of taxes, or are we going to accept the alternative, which is bigger deficits, higher interest rates and continued unemployment?
American officials said that a safeguard system has been worked out within the organization under which contracts and other documents related to advanced technology are available only to a relatively small group of representatives from non- Communist countries.
The operation, he said, was carried out Saturday in Chanthaburi Province, along the southern stretch of the border with Cambodia.
Coyne (D) Y A 15.
Baltimore Circuit Judge Joseph H. H. Kaplan, who received the report on Old Court's finances today, agreed to a request by the conservator to extend a ban on withdrawals from Old Court until Dec. 3, but urged the state to begin paying the depositors, who have not had access to their money since June 7.
A Forgotten Man But instead, Cartwright is a nearly forgotten man whose future is clouded by uncertainty.
Cases Are Up Sharply In its annual report, issued in September, the society said the physical abuse of children in England and Wales increased by 70 percent between 1979 and 1984 although the rate of serious and fatal injuries remained about the same.
Human gene therapy, which would involve transplanting genes into a patient's cells to correct inherited disease.
One major academic change that occurred during the Giamatti era involved engineering.
We didn't lose that war.
For his part, Mr. Stein said he hoped Anna would be there, too.
This has made it politically possible for the Administration to drop the argument that it was supporting the Nicaraguan rebels as a means of interfering with the supplying of the guerrillas fighting the Washington-backed Government in El Salvador.
A death certificate for one Vietnamese was also turned over.
It said Pakistan was also buying 110 armored personel carriers costing $25 million.
''The Cycle'' contains poems in both traditional metrical forms and in free verse.
''The only change was in terms of very minor details.''
I tend to look for the hopeful side, even when there's no hope.''
SAN ANTONIO (USFL) - Released all 46 players because of inability to meet two overdue payroll checks.
Today, those who formerly joined Mr. Pastora seem to be divided and dispirited.
What is endangered is the existence of community - the nation's moral foundations.
Miss Beattie is one of the most graceful writers we have; at times her prose is nothing short of exquisite.
The provincialism argument was also used against the old Board of Supervisors, which was the county's legislative body until 1970.
The Reagan Administration itself has not had significant meetings with A.N.C.
Ten members who served on the panel in its previous form, in which it had 21 members, were reappointed.
Speaker,'' observed Representative William H. Gray 3d, chairman of the House Budget Committee, as he viewed the spartan scene, ''now I realize how serious you are about keeping within the budget.''
Earlier this month, prices of the seven stocks resumed an upward trend that began in late September.
The closings resulted in the loss of up to 26 hours of playing time and about $7 million in gross revenue for the casino industry, officials said.
In challenging that view, the Administration official said the South African officials had discussed changes in four major areas.
Next, cover the cracks with a special tape-and-compound system that is sold for troublesome cracks (Krack-Kote and Tuff-patch are widely available brands).
''The French love highly refined meals.
In the story, the sportswriter Marty York quoted from an interview Carew had given Tom Singer of The Los Angeles Herald-Examiner about three weeks before.
Donnelly (D) N Y N Y NEW JERSEY 1.
If possible, clamp the sheet between strips of wood along the line of the cut so that the strips will prevent vibration and serve as a guide for the saw.
Most banks will begin paying interest immediately when deposits are made, whether electronically or by check, into an interest-bearing account, even if a hold is placed on funds deposited by check.
In Houston, the Government also sued the University Oaks Civic Club, whose members had signed covenants promising they would not sell their homes to blacks.
Other modern-dance works this week are by choreographers who are quick thinkers, as well as nimble movers.
''We were working in the summer, and nobody was around,'' Mr. Hopkins said.
Miss Mayer also announced the first indictment made by the office, of Joseph Macellaro, operator of Castle Recovery Specialists of North White Plains, a concern that disposes of dangerous chemicals, on charges of dumping toxic wastes along the Bronx River Parkway.
Although he is describing Eliot's sympathy with the cultural traditions of the American South, he might as well be rephrasing, with pointed new emphasis, the advice he himself received from Ford in 1935: ''Variety among [the] various parts [of a national culture] constitutes a stimulating force.
This decentralized but unified system would be similar to the arrangement that exists between the United States Attorney General and the local United States Attorneys.
The total light-vehicle market, made up of cars, mini-vans and light trucks, was 310,225, a 49.1 percent increase from 208,017 in 1984.
Jam sessions at the Jazzmania loft, featuring some of Brooklyn's finest musicians, will take place tonight at 11.
The Carabineros have come under attack recently because of their reported involvement in the slaying of three Communists in March.
Many professionals say that today they prefer stocks of companies in Europe rather than the Far East.
Companies, like Indiana Standard and Exxon, whose finding costs are consistently among the lowest in the industry have continued, to expand their exploration budgets.
In its statement, however, the company said it intended to ''streamline operations to more accurately reflect the decline in the semiconductor market.''
Indian Government scientists declared that the toxic gas leak was caused by a complex chemical reaction that could not have been sabotage.
He accused it of an ''orchestrated effort'' to ''try this case in the newspapers.''
In announcing his formal candidacy for a third term, ending months of what he called an ''informal'' candidacy, the 60-year-old Mayor pledged to take the city ''all the way back to the top'' - to ''greatness again.''
After three years of investing the full $2,000 amount, some investors may now have accounts approaching the $10,000 mark, a size that is forcing them to view their I.R.A.
Also on trial are Carl A. DeLuna, 58, of Kansas City, who is serving a 30-year prison sentence after conviction in another case, and Milton J. Rockman, 73, of Cleveland.
One lot wants an immediate agreement, the other wants to break with the Fund.''
But he said he did not know what he would do in the long run.
Backlogs Reduced Mr. Gazzara, a former State Senator from Queens, said in his own letter that he had inherited ''a troubled entity'' with severe backlogs in license processing, hearings and compliance actions.
But nagging injuries to Roundfield and Kelly Tripucka caused the Pistons to sputter all season.
Fluke and small bluefish in Shinnecock Canal; bluefish abundant in and around Shinnecock Inlet, and a few stripers are being taken in the same location.
A New York Times/WCBS-TV Poll in May showed the Mayor almost 50 percentage points ahead, with no improvement in Miss Bellamy's favorable rating in the period between January and May.
The answer is uncertain, although it is clear that Mr. Vonnegut, like Kilgore, still has a vision about eyes and ears and conscience.
''So what we did was to meet with as many of the principals, or at least attend speeches of theirs, as possible.
Lens is now a senior editor of The Progressive magazine, but he was a union official for many years and is a prolific writer.
''Another line,'' Miss Wright muttered.
By contrast, the United States registered a population increase of nine- tenths of 1 percent last year.
Mr. Welch's intense intellect and hard-charging style have earned him a reputation as one of the country's toughest managers, as well as one of its emerging gurus of business management.
In my opinion, Dykstra may be better than Wilson.''
The gray filly earned $1.3 million in her career.
Commission sources said the Common Market had long been concerned about the effect of dollar fluctuations on oil import bills, and the recent dollar rise had reinforced this.
Particularly important, the bureau said in releasing its mid-decade findings, is the number of people who now live alone: 20.6 million, almost twice the number found in 1970.
Protected Heritage Site The wreck has been declared a protected heritage site by the provincial government and Mr. Griffiths is seeking funds to do a more thorough excavation.
Thomas, playing with a right knee that had been hyperextended, made 11 of 25 field-goal attempts and had 10 assists.
Steven Wood, senior economist at Chase Econometrics, said the forecasting firm was looking for growth of around 3.1 percent for the year.
Very possibly the patterns of Balanchine's ensemble choreography might suggest a floral conceit.
The words of Mr. Persichetti's libretto were clear throughout - partly because he set them sensibly (though he has a mannerism of repeating words with a bit of melisma, as in ''I was strolling before lunch, lunch''); partly because Miss Silverstein never let the orchestra swamp the voices, and partly because the singers cared enough to project them.
The rate will float 1/16 above the three- month London interbank offered rate.
The Corpus Christi Church is at 529 West 121st Street.
Earning the Tuition In this year's senior class - in his own way just as much the St. John's man as Chris Mullin - is Gregory Perrier, whose family emigrated to Brooklyn from Haiti.
His departure came shortly after Sergei Bokhan, a Soviet diplomat based in Athens, defected to the United States.
John Franco (5-1) pitched 2Z hitless innings.
Civilian casualties on both sides from the air strikes are put in the hundreds.
Linked to Colombo Family Mr. Franzese, the son of John Franzese, a reputed captain in the Colombo crime family, has also been identified by law-enforcement officials as belonging to the Colombo family.
3 * * 'Twere abuse to accuse * * My fair love, ere I prove her affection.
It is not simply that some of them are antic self-portraits in which Graham appears in a wide variety of guises (not least, as God the Father on horseback).
The church carillon chimes a gospel hymn, and the fire siren signals 12 o'clock and all's well.
One can almost imagine her doing ''The Bell Song'' distinctly.
Comparative tastings of fine French wines are so expensive to do at home that few people ever have the opportunity.
''It is not meant to be a stiff formal garden,'' Susan Leach, the museum's horticulturist, explained.
''Innovation,'' on Channel 13 at 8:30 P.M., is sensible.
Combined with lower costs, lower taxes and hopes of finding a more productive work force, he said, the impetus for the early wave came from what businessmen saw as nearly insurmountable problems in New York.
Often, such patients and families are uncertain about what kind of care they want.
I'm very determined to make this decision look good.''
With subsequent films in the CUNY-TV series devoted to Cajun music and culture and the Mardi Gras, Mr. Blank said that he was concerned with capturing some of ''the distinct regional culture of the Florida-Texas-Louisiana area'' in his early work.
And for the first time in my life, I was able to persuade Stevie that less is more.''
Now I'm sure this isn't going to continue forever and that in the long term there'll be a comprehensive, organized, well-coordinated program that will be able to balance the need to move passengers with the need to increase security.
But from 1979 to 1984, the number of jobs grew by about 11 percent, nearly twice the national average, thanks to a boom in commercial, office and home construction and a corresponding growth of white-collar service jobs, Mr. O'Neal said.
- The percentage of people who filed returns but had no tax liability declined to 18.9 percent from 21.3 percent.
Their bitterness and aggression are matched only by public acceptance of the cruelties, insensitivites and the lawlessness of the ''respectables.''
Another official said a test result suggesting espionage by an employee would have started a a wide-ranging criminal investigation.
The gallery is open from noon to 9 P.M. on Sundays and from 10 A.M. to 7 P.M. on other days, which is two hours longer than usual.
Because of the spending program and disappointing results in the competitive air market, the company posted a loss of $4.3 million on revenues of $201.2 million in the first quarter of this year, compared with net income of $6.5 million on revenues of $201.8 million a year earlier.
Then came the 1983 Bayreuth triumph in ''The Ring.''
''); those who built the trans-Canada railroads, against great odds and with many deaths; the entire Franklin expedition; the Jesuit missionaries of the 17th century; the coureurs de bois ; and, especially in Quebec, the Patriotes of the 1837 rebellion.
There were moments when the cabin had the appearance of handicraft hour at summer camp.
''Gene's been my savior,'' Brett says.
''There was a sense of mission in my father's life,'' said Fritz Kraai, the doctor's eldest son.
Mr. Turmel, 67, helped start the company in 1969, when his own company, Denault Ltd., was merged with J.L.
The committees also grant the certificates of good conduct required for obtaining passports, state jobs or student scholarships.
Mr. Tubbs, president of the First Central Bank in DeWitt, Iowa, said bankers were willing to renegotiate the terms of some distressed farm loans, to reduce interest rates and to stretch out repayment, but did not want to write off the loans as losses.
The gloom and doom predicted in New York hasn't happened.
This one-quart steamer, with its snug lid, fits over any saucepan or pot that is 5 to 7 inches in diameter.
Internationally, the world of new classical music divided between Stravinskians and Schoenbergians, except for those who pursued more experimental paths.
Here is some basic information on European rail travel, with details on the Eurailpass and the various national ticket plans.
He wants to strip the national manager of sales of his position, and to add a few other top people to the division.
Thus we unavoidably live with a higher level of risk.''
The nationalist vision of many party members has become less and less in accord with the views of most Quebecers, less than a fifth of whom now favor independence.
'Sufficient Flexibility' ''Since only those specific projects submitted as part of the concept program will be eligible for future trade-in funding,'' the Mayor and the Governor said in their prepared statement, ''the project list for both transit and highway purposes substantially exceeds the proposed value of the trade-in application in each category.
Which plunges us instantly into big, big mystery: to wit, since most people think weaponry is the biggest issue to be discussed at the summit, how come Cap is left sitting in Washington?
Just get the job done.'
The United States Court of Appeals for the District of Columbia upheld the suit, with Mr. Reagan's three appointees, Robert H. Bork, Antonin Scalia, and Kenneth W. Starr dissenting.
Why shouldn't we be there?''
There followed inconclusive negotiations on a Government suggestion to have a monument that would simply honor the Katyn victims without suggesting who killed them.
A splendid 1984 biography set apart, reviewers said, by portraying the real Charles de Gaulle - giving the general credit when due but dealing briskly and objectively with the many occasions when he was spiteful, petty and self-seeking.
''I love the House as an institution.''
Hatcher went after the player with the puck, Patrick, leaving Pavelich suddenly alone.
On these issues Mr. Gorbachev grew animated and angry.
''The housing industry will benefit from lower interst rates, but I don't see rate declines of one percentage point or even two pecentage points being enough to spark a new surge of business and consumer spending.''
He would not be specific.
The statement said the United States ''reaffirms its longstanding support for the preservation of Lebanon, its Government, its stability and security, and for the mitigation of the suffering of its people.''
The largest and most significant group of Goldman-Reitman love letters - some 450 out of a total of about 500 - were donated to the library by Dorothy Reitman, Ben Reitman's daughter-in-law.
In New York, they have to work with what they have, and there's no incentive for top performance.''
At year-end 1984, the average for the nation's 15 largest bank holding companies was about 6.3 percent.
The cartel nations do little development and exploration.
Mogambo, a big and flashy chestnut colt, was fourth down the backstretch, advanced steadily to third on the stretch turn, and flew past Groovy and Ketoh when they straightened away for home.
Policemen and plainclothesmen lined the main streets and alleyways, standing near buses with barred windows.
''She was swaddled in clothes in her cradle when the bombs fell.''
Looking for an Editor Mr. Margolis scoffed at the notion that The Voice's stable of critics of the Koch administration would vanish under new owners.
Mr. Meybohm, the state's director of network services, which administers computers for the state police, state appellate courts and the Corrections Department, said he told both men that Price Waterhouse would install Ideal ''at some considerable risk to themselves, the Attorney General and the state of New Jersey.''
Three more openings next Thursday: ''Snow Leopards,'' by Martin Jones, a tale of two sisters from West Virginia trying to make it in a big city, will open at the StageArts Theater of the Actors Outlet Theater, 120 West 28th Street (279- 4200).
Walton's attitude toward tonight's game carried over to his public posture: He doesn't like to be disturbed late at night - even for his reaction to getting into the playoffs.
This is an important consideration for the future, when the home television screen will be linked to computers and data systems.
b-Including a tax credit of $603,000.
It transports it to another plant, in Woodbine, Ga., where it is processed into Temik.
The agency is requiring school systems to inspect their buildings for asbestos hazards, but it does not require specific actions to remove the hazards.
The Brewer starter, Tim Leary (1-3), left after the fifth inning.
All of the Brazilian shipwreck items in the Christie's auction were part of our share or items I had purchased.
The company said that its operating earnings, before the write-down and the merger, were $30 million for the period and that its interest expense on the $1.05 billion of debt for the acquisition was $31.4 million in the quarter.
''In high school, I was a 5-10 guard in basketball and I was high jumping 6 feet.
Rebel Threat Called Exaggerated In another part of the interview, Mr. Marcos said Western worries about advances in guerrilla activities were exaggerated, probably because foreign analysts were not familiar enough with the situation.
Sales of Budweiser, on the other hand, grew 28 percent on a volume basis in that period.
Miss Kartini said she was working as a waitress for $6 a month at a Jakarta hotel owned by David and Nasim Mussry in 1979 when David Mussry asked her to come to Los Angeles on the promise she would be paid $100 a month.
They would supplement Cuba's 160,000-member army and 135,000-member active reserve.
5 Christian political leaders escaped an attempt to kill them when a suicide bomber crashed an explosives-laden pickup truck into a monastery where they were meeting in a Beirut suburb.
Now that I am 80, it is becoming harder to write, but I love it.
Mr. Nixon's friend Bebe Rebozo was given $100,000.
But he acknowledged that the system, which would automatically collect information about most of the hundreds of millions of calls made by Federal employees all over the country, raised questions of employees' rights to privacy.
According to Mr. Russo, the taxes are now responsible for a projected state budget surplus of $800 million.
* Manufacturers Hanover Corp. has received permission from the Federal Reserve Bank of New York to acquire through its subsidiary, the CIT Corp., substantially all the commercial finance and lease receivables of Rainier Equipment and Finance Inc, Seattle.
Then Stadler scrambled out of deep right rough grass from behind a tumbleweed at the fourth extra hole.
Winfield's 12th Homer In completing an 11-game homestand - they won 10 of the games -the Yankees wasted no time in putting the Rangers away for the fourth time in four attempts.
Use of Racketeer Law The Department of Justice said it was the first time the 16-year-old racketeering law had been used in a ''political'' case.
Every afternoon these days the gregarious, 45-year-old Mr. Welge is out bumping over the range in his Jeep, scattering feed corn for the deer from a tin pail.
The model is going to look an awful lot like Fenway Park, Wrigley Field, and some of those places, which happen to be stadiums that don't have football, don't have track and field, don't have the rest.
This year, Western governments rescheduled $12 billion dollars worth of Poland's debt that fell due in 1982-1984 and more than $1 billion that fell due this year.
* Damon Biotech Inc., Needham Heights, Mass., a maker of biological products, has appointed Joseph F. Lovett senior vice president, marketing and sales.
SUNDAY, MAY 19, 1985 International Argentina froze all dollar accounts for 120 days in a move to stem the rapid increase of dollar withdrawals that began a week ago when the Government closed down the country's eighth largest bank.
Her mother is a retired actress.
Usher attributed that partly to ABC's decision this year to abandon regional in favor of national telecasts.
And, finally, there is George Keller, the late arrival.
Available evidence suggests that the ruling party will eventually seek a modified form of the Ohira plan, probably a broadly applied ''indirect tax'' on consumer products and services.
Mr. Faulkner, a 44-year-old industry consultant and member of the board of the insurance fund, assumed control from Jeffrey Levitt, a 42-year-old real estate executive, who will continue as president of Old Court but will no longer manage daily operations.
Brit Pettersen and Berit Aunli, also of Norway, placed third and fourth in 1:00:53 and 1:01:31.3, respectively.
Brazil's armed forces step down Friday after 21 years in power, leaving the country's new civilian Government with the unenviable task of imposing unpopular austerity measures in order to tackle an acute economic crisis.
Cattle, fishing, hunting and camping have also turned this terrain into tribal profits.
However, Wall Street analysts still predict that ABC, CBS and NBC together will make record revenues of $7 billion this year.
In the long run, Mr. Heinbach added, Detroit's ''main problem will continue to be the public's perception of the quality of Japanese cars.''
But now there would seem to be a Zhivkov personality cult.
Metropolitan A hit-and-run city police car struck and killed a man and critically injured another as they crossed Park Avenue at 72d Street Friday night, the police said.
IN the movie business, the most celebrated performers receive Academy Awards.
What he does do in ''Lemon Sky'' - and, in spite of the pain involved, does entertainingly - is dramatize the way in which an adult tries to find peace with his parents and past.
Just my luck, when I've always fancied being a dryad.
Fitted dinghy racing is a uniquely Bermudian, if raucous, pastime that can be enjoyed by any nonboating spectator on alternate Sundays to mid-September.
''We've had some tough times this year,'' he said, ''but more good times than tough.
''And others said, 'Do we have to hear him scream again?
Even with a big harvest, the winery's production is, at most, 10,000 cases; but then, the objective is quality, not quantity, he said.
The plant is similar to the one that leaked gas at Bhopal, India, last Dec. 3, killing about 2,000 people.
Cranford Rose Garden, Brooklyn Botanic Garden, 1000 Washington Avenue (Crown Street), 718-622-4433.
Gretzky began 70 seconds into play, picking up a puck in the slot and pushing it by the goalie Pelle Lindbergh.
He also urged Congress to include tax increases in any plan.
of local support and to improve security in a region where harsh measures have angered many nationalists.
But Italian diplomats point to the change in the overall climate since 1982.
And though Mr. Reagan defended the agency in the 1980 Presidential campaign, he has made public statements in the past that now chill supporters of the authority, including a comment in a 1974 interview that turning the utility over to private industry ''might be something to look at.''
''How much more ready will you find groups of Jews around the country ready to accept the loving quality of halacha if you are perceived by your colleagues not as haranguing, judgmental human beings who care, apparently, more for power in the Jewish community than anything else, but rather those who can be depended on to sustain each other with love and compassion.''
One hundred percent participation may be impossible.
Lawyers for the detainees said the number was closer to 85.
Backman became the first major league batter this season to get five hits in a game as the Mets scored single runs in six of their eight turns.
The differences between reality and the images of these mythic heroes mattered little.
Then I can visualize the kitchen, the stove, the work space, and how to organize everything.''
Others in the Administration, including Labor Secretary Bill Brock, have expressed more support for affirmative action.
''I was set to spend five years in Hollywood, hopefully on the strength of the success of 'Kane and Abel,' '' said Mr. Grade.
Investigators say people in the spy ring sold secrets to an Indian businessman who then passed them on to the diplomats.
He sailed dinghies as a child growing up in Marblehead, Mass., and bought his first boat by working after school at odd jobs.
He said the United States would pledge in the messages ''our desire to work with the Soviet leadership to resolve outstanding issues between our two countries, even as we defend our interests wherever necessary.''
Because of lobbying by Gala, alumni now can earmark gifts for homosexual student groups.
All he needs now, Dr. White says, are funds so he can fit the manatees with radio tags and track them after freeing them.
''Our identity is our land,'' said Fred Kennedy, a spokesman for the group.
Unidentified Party Aides Blamed In a speech on Feb. 16, Mr. Mugabe said: ''There appear to be some groups of youths who, contrary to party discipline, are going about harassing innocent people.
Pacific called the price inadequate.
WHEN Robert Francis, newly out of graduate school at Harvard University, moved to Amherst, Mass., in 1926 to pursue a high school teaching career, the home of Amherst College and Emily Dickinson had less than 6,000 inhabitants and was still small enough to be considered intimate.
And so I had turned myself into a creature of such menacing appearance that other subway riders scurried for other cars when they saw me.
The apartments are priced between $100,000 and $350,000 and the maintenance fees are $200 to $500 a month.
''Basically, it's been a case of too much money chasing a limited supply of bonds,'' he said.
Today's announcement follows a Pentagon report to Congress that the cost of its 84 largest weapons programs into the 1990's will be $25 billion more than was estimated three months ago.
The more than 200 tape-recorded interviews with Mailer and his friends and relatives, publishers, writers, actors, sports figures, socialites, politicians and gossip columnists have been cut up and patched together in roughly chronological fragments.
''While he will be remembered for his brilliant assault on the home run record in 1961,'' Ueberroth said in a statement dictated to his New York office from his home in Laguna Beach, Calif., ''we should also remember the courageous battle he fought against this dreaded disease these last two years.
However, spokesmen for Governor Cuomo and Assembly Speaker Stanley Fink, Democrat of Brooklyn, said they did not know if there would be time to take up the issue of insurance for localities before the Legislature convened for its regular session in January.
It is, of course, easier to eavesdrop on the participants in a hushed tennis match than on the far more numerous actors in the much larger and noisier venues of other sports.
Readers are invited to send questions about food and cooking techniques to Craig Claiborne, Food Editor, The New York Times, 229 West 43d Street, New York, N.Y. 10036.
This one will reverse direction and end up at the Public in October.
''It's very important that artists do not get involved in the marketplace,'' Mr. Schlesinger said.
Exxon's net income fell 44.8 percent because ofa fund to refund overcharges, and Arco lost $1.1 billion because of costs associated with restructuring.
- ''The number of aliens from Central America who have applied for and have been granted or denied asylum pursuant to the Refugee Act of 1980.''
It is well known that auctions can often set new price levels for the work of artists, and Miss Monforton said she thought this one would be especially helpful for the younger, lesser-known artists whose work will be catalogued and sold alongside that of major contemporary painters and sculptors.
Its population increases at less than 2 percent a year, less than that of many developing countries, but still too much in the view of experts here and abroad.
He denounced South Africa as well.
Plainly his highest priority was to find enough revenue to reduce income taxes yet again and, in the process, to serve his special ambition to reduce the scope of both Federal and local government.
Some escapees that are bright green with black heads have been sighted recently in Central Park.
Mr. Nogales, who described Mr. Ruge and Mr. Geissler as incompetent, said he did not like the Lopez offer because the investment banking firm of Bear Stearns did not feel the Lopez group had the financial resources to own U.P.I.
The bank also suffered from its longstanding practice of charging all of its borrowers the same rate, now 13 percent.
All states must do the same by Oct. 1 or lose Federal highway aid.
He thought ''a possible decline in the dollar and possible budget reforms would create significant volatility and could be negative.''
The prediction would have been almost impossible a decade ago.
If the writing has remained difficult, the research has become easier in proportion to Michener's fame.
He lacked the capacity to enjoy the new and different.
These reports held that the dispute culminated in a fight in a Central Committee session in which Mr. Shehu was shot to death with a pistol.
But Mayor Alberta Jagoe contends that huge condominium projects have a negative impact on residential neighborhoods, creating traffic and sewage problems.
Aeroflex Laboratories, $25 million of convertible subordinated debentures, due 2005.
''Some people do not conceive at all,'' Dr. Santomauro warned, ''and there's no way of telling which patients those are going to be.''
It seems to be true, as Yevtushenko says (contrary to Kirill Kondrashin and Sofiya Khentova), that Yevtushenko published the poem only once before 1983 and never published or recited the revised version.
These considerations notwithstanding, expressions of legislative dissatisfaction continued.
He is also the audience favorite of this vociferous Italian crowd.
A native of Dodge City, Kan., he had catered to tourists on Boot Hill as a teen-ager and, after failing to finish college, had settled in Overland Park, near Kansas City.
Westchester's Republican County Executive, Andrew P. O'Rourke, was an easy winner tonight over Arthur H. Goodman, his Democratic challenger.
The Soviet Union won important psychological and moral victories with the signing of the Helsinki accords 10 years ago.
Mexico, so recently afflicted by devastating earthquakes, immediately dispatched 10 tons of food, medicine and equipment.
And this is because her leading dancers, the unknown shepherd and shepherdess who are the biblical lovers, are frequently seen in a held embrace.
Many years ago, Dr. Fox said, scientists developed techniques through which the dry weight of a microscope specimen could be calculated from the images that were formed under special lighting conditions.
A Navy bomb squad and the Coast Guard were dispatched today when fake mines made of black beach balls and orange styrofoam cups were planted in San Francisco Bay in what appeared to be a protest of the Reagan Administration's trade embargo on Nicaragua.
It cannot take growth for granted and some residents believe one legacy of the bicentennial should be something to help improve the city's economic climate.
Nevertheless, the Ashby brothers experience deprivation.
Dirt: his contract dispute with Giles, tax problems and a confiscated driver's license.
The open-faced Mr. Chaves has many disturbing solo turns.
Elvis sat on a small platform on a soundstage in Burbank, Calif.
However, one group, the Mendham-based Association of New Jersey Environmental Commissions, is said to be emerging as a reasoned voice in the hazardous-waste controversy.
''I think he's wrong,'' Mr. Bryen countered.
The restaurant kitchen, he added, combines an essentially casual form of dining with meals and settings of quality.
Acronyms applied after the fact of naming an organization or program can ridicule the activity named.
Comment by Morgenthau Robert M. Morgenthau, the Manhattan District Attorney, said Wednesday that he had been considering reopening the case ever since the grand jury decided against indicting Mr. Goetz for the shootings.
Hours: Dinner only: 5:30 to 10 P.M. Tuesday through Saturday, 5 to 9 P.M. Sunday.
Boston College, ranked in the top 10, has become a heavy favorite to beat the Cougars.
We will not escape this vicious circle until the President meets Congress halfway on deficit reduction - supporting some tax increases as well as limits on cost-of-living adjustments in Social Security and pension programs for middle- and high-income citizens.
He also listed other problems for matching: anchovies, eggs, mayonnaise, citrus fruits, artichokes, vinaigrette and chocolate.
It is not only recognized in the Arab world as the representative of the Palestinian people, but also the rest of the world sees it as a legitimate representative, except for Israel and the United States.
''When I was a little kid, I thought he was the biggest thing in the world.''
The paratroopers, members of the 193d Infantry Brigade, were training to defend the Panama Canal against guerrilla attacks, which the authorities in the United States say they fear may come from Cuba and Nicaragua, and to prepare for contingencies anywhere in Latin America.
Sand is heavy and best avoided altogether.
Two weeks ago, Judge Soper allowed Mr. Ramirez to hire Joseph Gallegos, a criminal lawyer from Oxnard, Calif., as a replacement for Allen R. Adashek, a public defender here for 16 years, and Henry J.
For example, a confidant is particularly helpful during mourning.
But even so, we realize we'll be very competitive.
One thing that is abundantly clear is that the traveling public has been the only real winner from deregulation because of the low fares.
Mr. Johnson retired in 1967.
An anonymous donor has offered the two institutions a total of $900,000 to purchase the books.
In addition to Miss Lansbury and Miss Patterson, the cast includes David Warner, who plays the father of the contemporary girl as well as the father of Red Riding Hood, and Terence Stamp, who turns up, unbilled, as the Devil, riding in a Rolls-Royce.
In the realm of sublime effects is the table whose top is a half circle, done by Stephen Nutting.
That witness was one of four men indicted with Mr. Vargas.
And if it did this by raising interest rates, he warns, this would risk slowing the American economy down even further, exacerbating the third world's debt problems and Europe's woes.
''Making the News,'' an ABC ''Notebook Special,'' Wednesday afternoon at 4, says they arise from a journalistic collaboration.
from Carl C. Icahn, who had offered $19 a share.
Despite these advantages, Mr. Shiffert and other industry insiders say that many new customers require some persuasion.
The aircraft was built from a kit, officials said.
ONE of the big problems during New York summers is that if you open the windows, the dirt comes in.
* Wear work gloves when using steel wool or hand scrapers.
He said the trees began to pick up elements, such as vanadium and germanium, that are the products of the combustion of fossil fuels, not part of the natural environment.
Rabbi Irwin C. Lowenheim performed the ceremony.
Derek Smith grew up in Hoganville, Ga., where he was one of only 3,000 residents.
Mr. Donahue's celebrated 9 A.M. interview-and-audience-participation program, ''Donahue,'' began promisingly enough.
Much of Paul Westheimer's life is carrots, so it was with extreme interest that he watched the other day as two of his hired men drove tractors across a long, brown field and put in this year's carrot crop.
Furthermore, the State Department of Transportation is studying direct highway access from the Bruckner and Sheridan Expressways to the Hunts Point peninsula to include truck service to the food distribution center.
The Pistons led by 25-22 after the first quarter as Tripucka had 10 points and Thomas added five assists.
Rising above the earnest and prolific contemporary music groups here - their performances often under-rehearsed and outmatched by the music's demands - is a certain aristocracy of 20th-century ensembles -among them the American Composers Orchestra, which played at Carnegie Hall last week, and the Music Today series, which began its new season at Merkin Concert Hall (129 West 67th Street) on Wednesday.
As he left, Mr. Webster said of Mr. Meese, ''He's in place and functioning as Attorney General.''
Cold temperatures also interfere with normal weight gains.
It was July 16, 1945, and the world's first atomic explosion had just gone off.
That could go far, uranium experts say, toward restoring the Government's leadership in the business of selling enriched uranium.
But some parts of the Model 400 technology may still be a bit elusive for I.B.M.
The only son of the owner of a prestigious glass manufacturing company, the only grandson of a distinguished clergyman-headmaster of a first-rate boys' boarding school, Chip finds himself predestined to behave with rectitude and righteousness all the days of his life.
People on all sides of the issue now reject the idea that imposing a height limit would automatically assure good design and preserve the city's character.
'Market Is Much Softer' Mr. White, the Miami travel agent, said he had seen industry figures in the last two months that showed that booking cancellations were up to 7 percent, but Houda Jiser of the Wantagh, L.I., office of Calvary Tours said her bookings to Europe and the Middle East had dropped by 10 percent in the last six months.
Although he turned down the directorship of the Royal Opera in London, he will become music director of La Scala in Milan, starting next year.
Short sale refers to borrowing securities for the sale from a broker, while selling against the box is the term (dating from the days when securities were commonly kept in safe-deposit boxes) used to describe selling such borrowed shares, even though you own equivalent securities, as a means of stabilizing your position.
This latest De Vries is strictly for loyal fans.
''It is really just to send a signal to both the President and to our foreign competition.''
Until recently, he was the writer of ''The Lone Ranger'' and ''Laugh-In'' syndicated newspaper comic strips.
He was a holdout and missed the season's opener, but last Sunday against the Dolphins he snared 10 passes for 156 yards.
Army bases have been built overlooking Acul, Tzalbal and other model villages in the area.
''The sense of commuity here is tremendous,'' Mr. Grady said.
Or take, for example, Puccini's ''La Rondine,'' which the City Opera has recently revived: A Violetta-like character is in this case not ground down, but takes on her own resolution the choice that determines her future - a choice, though, that still involves some measure of renunciation and suffering.
James Newton, flutist, in duet with David Murray.
And It is hard to find anything but desperation behind the obdurate stand on trade negotiations by President Francois Mitterrand of France, in the face of his own party's dismal electoral pros-pects.
Yet in 1985, we will accept no more than 3,000 refugees from Latin America, 5,000 from the Middle East and 3,000 from Africa - with the remaining 59,000 coming from the Soviet Union, Eastern Europe and Indochina.
Torrey wriggled in his seat much of the night.
The organization represents prosecutors, judges, corrections officers, sherriffs and criminal justice planners in 75 large urban areas, including New York City.
By acquiring the free-agent linebacker Garry Cobb in a trade with the Detroit Lions, the Philadelphia Eagles have filled one of the voids created by their four veterans who are holding out, this one involving Wilbert Montgomery, the nine-year running back.
''We've got to the point that we've simply got to find a solution.
There is no reason to test this course again, Mr. Solarz notwithstanding.
Purchasers are attracted to the new machine because it runs virtually all of Digital's Vax software.
In most cases, the Government will have to show ''substantial evidence'' that a beneficiary's impairment has improved to the point that he can perform some work.
Red Cross officials and Palestinians checked the identity of those being released by Israel.
But Eric, and even the increasingly concerned Annie don't really pay too much attention - until it's too late.
A spokesman for the Nicaraguan Embassy said Aeronica had hired the crew in Southern Yemen to fly the plane to Managua and train Nicaraguan pilots and crews, who had no experience with the type of plane that crashed.
''I made an opinion based on my examination, and I stand by that opinion,'' he said.
For example, General DeWitt had said there were ''regular communications'' from Japanese spies in California to submarines off the coast.
Cancellation seemed the last thing from Miss Caballe's mind last week.
That left the agitators, many of them black, exposed to carloads of rifle-toting toughs who managed to kill five people and wound seven in just a minute and a half of gunfire.
The structures and relations within the church must express this communion.
He began to see that all of us, in our way, are Rent-a-Jets in life.
There was a group of 15 or 20 parents and children crowded around this game which would decide the city championship for little kids.
Mr. Bingham was accused in a grand jury indictment in October 1971 of smuggling an automatic pistol into San Quentin to Mr. Jackson, who had been accused of killing a guard at another prison.
In addition, as Mr. Gorbachev said several weeks ago, Moscow could propose unspecified ''radical'' cuts from that level in the future.
On the one hand, the Indians in model villages are protected by the army; on the other hand, people from several villages and sometimes from different Indian language groups are gathered in towns they had no say in designing, guarded over by soldiers who destroyed their former homes.
Dorothy, a frightened 10-year-old girl, is prone to run away from home.
The heiress of a crime lord takes on the heiress of a shipping tycoon in fashionable spots all over the world.
No, says Mr. Bettmann, Bach's commitment to the specific tenets of classical rhetoric was so basic to his composing method that when he was attacked by one of the leading music critics of the day, Johann Adolph Scheibe, he called on a professor of rhetoric at Leipzig University, Johann Abraham Birnbaum, to defend him.
The prints, the ad says, reverting now to red type, are ''individually signed by Pete Rose.''
But he hammered home the idea that the regionals should make these loans in their own best interests.
The play's implications are in the tradition of the individual aboard ship, perhaps in the style of ''Mister Roberts,'' which told of an ensign in conflict with his captain.
Mr. Arnold said the department had tripled the number of Alaskans who could apply by offering more land closer to urban centers.
Mr. Brown fatally wounded Mr. Wallace with a pistol.
Mr. Farrell is chairman of that organization, but his endorsement was by no means certain.
The decision Friday in California to reject more than 20 science textbooks because they ''water down'' instruction on evolution is seen by experts as a sign of a small but growing reaction against the pressures exerted on schools and publishers by religious fundamentalists.
He is instead providing the best advice possible for owners of succulents who might otherwise kill their plants with kindness at this time of year.
Unless Carter buys out his contract, believed to be worth $500,000, he will be the property of the Invaders until 1987.
''I didn't care for that,'' he said not long ago, ''and so I cabled the dean at Princeton to say I had decided to go to Yale.
Some hold festivals and conduct flea markets.
(Transportation) Favors using a transportation trust fund rather than floating bonds to finance repairs and road construction.
Carol Pepper, chaplain to the college and a United Church of Christ minister.
Such efforts reflect widespread concern that the United States armed forces lack the unity that was intended when the Defense Department was established in 1947.
You don't know it; you go on someone else's recommendation.
Alan Quinby, senior vice president of Doremus, declined comment on the report.
Miss Crawford falters in her serious treatment of common-sensical Kate's search for her own literary voice, a search tied to her struggles with a philandering husband, his divorce-singed teen-age son and her own family history.
Game 3 set for 5 P.M. today.
He threw 115 pitches to get 27 outs, and only four batters reached base.
For anyone unaware that the Giants of today are better than the Giants of recent years, the Pro Bowl voting announced today should remove doubts.
''From the best advice we have to us,'' he replied, ''from our consultations with our defense personnel, and all other evidence.''
The legislation would considerably expand police power and increase the authority of state governments to open mail, tap telephones and engage in other activities to investigate terrorism.
However, a second Jacobean plantation house dating to the 1650's, with the somewhat misleading name of St. Nicholas Abbey, is regularly open to the public on weekdays.
Col. Thomas T. Hart, that says the Air Force does not actually know whether the identities assigned to the recovered Pakse remains are accurate.
''I can't say now it is my idea to do that,'' the Senator said, ''but I guess I wouldn't be against it.''
''Patrick,'' as hand-scrawled in the window of the downtown ticket office of the Washington Bullets basketball team, is enough said since he was the seven-foot-tall pillar of the Georgetown University team for the past four years.
Robert S. Pirie, president of Rothschild Inc., which is part of the worldwide Rothschild banking group, also announced that Theodore Levitt, the Carter professor of marketing at the Harvard Business School, was joining Rothschild Ventures as a director and consultant.
All events will take place in the library, which open seven days a week.
On second reading, it confronts us where our deepest and most disturbing fantasies intersect with our sense of history.
It has raised uncertainties just as many parents are deciding whether to send their children to private or public schools this fall.
It's not the same size station.''
Last week's combined haul was estimated by Miami police to have a street value of more than $1 billion, a record one-day haul in the way such things are reckoned.
Such institutions as the Twyla Tharp dance company and the Manhattan Punch Line Theater have no performance spaces.
The grand jury investigation is ''focusing on two things,'' said a law-enforcement official.
Navy Secretary John F. Lehman Jr. ordered such a program May 21 when he disciplined the multibillion-dollar arms merchant for ''a pervasive corporate attitude that we find inappropriate to the public trust.''
Admiral Yost declined to elaborate on the extent of the cuts being planned for his command, which includes 4,000 employees, 27 cutters, 8 planes and 29 stations in the Third District.
Several Other Requests Mr. Gortikov's letter stated that it would be a practical impossibility for the recording industry to comply with many of the center's other requests.
''I don't think it'll slow down.
A Federal District Court has, properly, dismissed a lawsuit by Mr. McIntyre, citing the constitutional provision that makes each house of Congress the sole judge of its members' elections.
Mr. Lipper does not speak in any of his new commercials.
Using them would entail intolerable delay and expense.
That point is one at which the level of radiation would make abandonment impractical even if it were decided that it was preferable never to bring the reactor to full operation.
Stir in the lemon juice and recheck seasonings.
Brazil resumes crucial debt talks with leading commercial banks Thursday, with both sides seemingly anxious to complete a major renegotiation package before this country holds indirect Presidential elections on Jan. 15.
In the suit, he charged that Western Union had refused to circulate a list of independent equipment suppliers to get customers to buy terminals directly from Western Union.
She was also always on the lookout for the spirit of things, for what lies behind the numerous crusts and masks, and though she certainly wore one in life - what with her snobberies, her cutting tongue and her childish umbrage - she had in her work what she once attributed to Roger Fry, a spirit that came from a holy source.
The system on which many of the country's farmers have depended for their financing needs for more than 50 years is a loosely connected organization of 37 member banks in 12 national districts, each of them cooperatively owned by member-borrowers.
His father is the chairman of the board of Dreyers Forlag, an Oslo publishing house.
As Mr. Lynes sees it, the seeds for what would become the American cultural explosion were sown in 1893 at the Columbian Exposition in Chicago.
The Tigers scored only once in the first quarter, on a 5-yard run by the fullback Butch Climmons, and a 29-yard field goal by Goodwin made it 10-0 three minutes into the second quarter.
''As purser,'' he said, ''my father had a nightly cocktail party.
San Francisco lived up to its promise in every way but one.
I got seven innings, I got Orosco and I got a two-run lead.''
'Top-Notch Administrator' The university's central administration supports Mr. Shenker's interpretation of the bylaws, but faculty members say that in the course of consultation Mr. Shenker should have requested another election to obtain the name of an alternate nominee for the chairmanship.
A Contradictory Report But early this evening, Victor G. Ricardo, an aide to President Belisario Betancur, said in a radio interview that the Government had not suspended rescue efforts.
One of them, California, has proposed new labeling requirements for household chemicals, plus public education and disposal programs.
He Fears He'll Yield Senator Alan K. Simpson of Wyoming, the majority whip, says TV could distort the priorities of individual lawmakers.
The Soviet Union called the charge an ''absurd fabrication'' and said it was intended to poison relations.
Six of the 10 available components of the leading index - so called because it tends to foretell economic developments - showed gains in June while three declined.
report on the ''Changing Situation of Workers'' urges other unions to follow suit.
Paperbacks will be sold for 50 cents or three for $1.
(UPI) - Brandy Brownlee tied a school record with four field goals and Southern Methodist (5-3 and 4-2) converted three third-quarter Rice turnovers into points in the Southwest Conference game.
When Billy Martin first saw Brian Fisher pitch, he was struck instantly by one attribute: an imposing 93-mile-an-hour fastball.
He went to see as many plays as he could during his brief stay in New York - ''Mister Roberts'' with Henry Fonda and ''As The Girls Go'' with Bobby Clark were among them.
The Governor said he had discussed Mr. Rohatyn's ideas with Robert R. Kiley, chairman of the M.T.A.
We find it hard to comprehend how the President can insist on cuts in domestic programs that benefit the many while ignoring the enormous corporate tax loopholes and credits granted in his 1981 tax bill to benefit the few.
If one leaves the Temple Mount through Bab el-Silsileh (Gate of the Chain in Arabic) one can see the twisted marble columns on either side of the gate, which probably come from a Crusader structure, as does the ''recycled'' rose window in the water fountain across from the gate.
Did you see Dale Berra try to bunt the other night, just before he ran into that double play at home plate?
Counsellor's Row serves familiar American food, featuring such things as the Law Breaker (at $4.65 ''so delicious it is almost unlawful), better known as the hamburger, and a wide variety of other sandwiches and entrees, all as deftly and knowingly handled as City Council members voting themselves a raise.
To the Editor: It is curious that in his essay ''Why Milan Kundera Is Wrong About Dostoyevsky'' (Feb. 17), Joseph Brodsky chose to mention Jan Masaryk's alleged defenestration while ignoring the three-volume study of Russia's relationship with Europe written by Jan's father, Thomas Garrigue Masaryk, soon before he became the father of Czechoslovakia and Lenin became the father of the Soviet Union.
Median Income of $10,500 None of the 20 teachers in this poor, rural community - 400 homes poised on the edge of the Pine Barrens in southern Camden County - was making $18,500 when the legislature and Governor Kean agreed last month to mandate that as a minimum for all teachers.
Asked what inspired the footnote, Dr. Harriet S. Meyer, contributing editor of the Chicago-based Journal, said: ''The author felt his book received an unfair review.
It would also make all corporations subject to a minimum tax.
Mr. Duarte said at a news conference today that he was ready to ''open the door to dialogue.''
According to The Times, aides to President-elect Richard M. Nixon were preparing to try out ''electronic listening posts'' in Westchester County and Alabama.
Art collectors and dealers sat on their hands as some major contemporary artworks failed to find buyers in New York auction rooms early this month.
According to a ''History of the Tarrytowns,'' by Jeff Canning and Wally Buxton, the local Indians raised maize, pumpkins, squash, beans and tobacco, caught sturgeon and shellfish in the Hudson and killed game -deer and black bears - in the forests.
Dr. Luppescu, a resident in internal medicine at Mount Sinai Hospital in New York, graduated summa cum laude from Dartmouth College, where he was elected to Phi Beta Kappa, and received a medical degree from Columbia University's College of Physicians and Surgeons.
Moseley said that the annual audit by its independent auditors, Deloitte, Haskins & Sells, for the fiscal year ended March 31 showed that ''records of its customer accounts, its trading positions and its transactions with other securities dealers are correct and there are no problems with deliveries or receipts of securities and payments.''
Mrs. Knutson came in to spell him for the lunch hour.
The stadium itself, which the 49ers have long since abandoned for Candlestick Park, was small; its benches didn't have backs, and the lateral space allotted each ticket-holder was several inches less than the width of the average American posterior.
De Beers's operating style has been described as mandarin.
Where medication is producing incontinence as a side effect, switching prescriptions or adjusting dosages may be the answer.
Nor was there any other sign that he had been killed.
* NCNB National Bank, a banking company based in Charlotte, N.C., said it plans a commercial and retail center on 237 acres near Cary, N.C., with an estimated construction cost of $300 million to $400 million.
The soil, if you can call it that, is the color of well-baked terra cotta and consists almost entirely of pebbles and stones, mostly smooth ovals ranging in size from hen's eggs to ostrich eggs.
The regeneration of the woods can be explained only in relatively small part by the efforts of governments to create protected woodlands and wilderness areas.
Mr. Hoag said the merger of LTV's steel unit with the Republic Steel Corporation last July had ''gone through a natural shakedown period,'' and that the full integration of the two companies had not yet been completed.
Mr. Kerstetter said affected passengers would be offered an optional date for an identical tour, a different tour with a similar itinerary or a ''full, complete and immediate refund of money.''
Many workers, however, involved in the necessary daily activity of earning a living, must remain for the eight-hour day in smoke-filled workplaces, where employers have chosen not to provide a smoke-free atmosphere.
The answers are just what they ought to be and never what we expect, as Miss Parish gently brings her reader along the linguistic path from the literal to the colloquial.
Larry Dzieza, author of the analysis, said the group calculated money going to state and local goverments from more than 200 programs.
Mutual Love Affair ''Philadelphia loves Villanova and Villanova loves Philadelphia,'' the Rev.
''Loneliness sometimes gets to the core of my being,'' a member of the chorale says.
''For stockholders of Hospital Corporation, the chief concern is the potential slowing in the company's earnings growth rate,'' said Charles M. Schaible, a health care analyst for Dillon, Read & Company.
Going with him to the West Coast will be his wife, Helen Doughty Lester, an author of children's books, and their sons Robin, 14 years old, and James, 11, who has the advantage of being a 49ers fan.
Subpoena Was Quashed Mr. Weld's office subpoenaed the Legal Services Center when its staff, students from Harvard Law School, refiled a visa petition for the woman, Elizabeth Parker.
Brick's weak brother, Gooper, and Brick's scheming wife, Mae, are played by David Dukes and Penny Fuller.
The average tourist stayed less than 10 hours, however, according to studies commissioned by the Chamber of Commerce.
While playing in the National Basketball Association is the fulfillment of a dream for Glouchkov - as a youth, he says, he was ''impressed'' by Bill Russell - leaving his teammates in Bulgaria left him with mixed emotions.
The impetuous Bussche had in 1942 investigated the murder of 1,000 Jews by SS troops at the Dubno airfield in the Soviet Union -an event of decisive importance for both friends.
He said an unspecified amount of Soviet-supplied weaponry had been found after the attack.
The act, which evolved in response to questionable conversion practices in Florida, permits, under certain conditions, newly converted co-ops or condominiums to cancel the sponsor's self- serving leases or agreements that have a term longer than three years.
Recombinant DNA allows these substances to be manufactured in great quantities and without the risk of disease.
The father and son team of Bucky and John Pizzarelli offer a smoother style of jumping jive nostalgia, in which John Pizzarelli sings two numbers in a Nat Cole-influenced 50's jazz drawl.
''It is hard to believe the two girls are sisters.
This time my glances met a historical dead end.
The artist needs more control of drawing than I think he can attain by painting through a screen.
Capital Cities Communications Inc. is offering $200 million of 10 1/2 percent notes due 1997 at a price of 99 1/2 to yield 10.574 percent through underwriters led by Goldman, Sachs & Company.
She said that although she contemplated introducing legislation or a constitutional amendment banning state financing for abortions when she was in the Senate, ''it would be difficult to sell an amendment when we have a court case waiting to be decided.''
*3*** COMPANY REPORTS ** View Full Article in Timesmachine »
A prime Hong Kong property site was sold today at a government auction for $90 million, higher than real estate developers had expected.
#7 Defendants Deny Charges County prosecutors have asserted that in the 1970's and early 1980's as many as 300 children were sexually molested by Mrs. McMartin; her 27-year-old grandson, Raymond Buckey; her daughter, Peggy M. Buckey, 58; her granddaughter, Peggy Ann Buckey, 29; and three other staff members at the McMartin Pre-School, Betty Raidor, 65, Mary Ann Jackson, 57, and Babette Spitler, 37.
The opera is also serving as the main fund-raising event for the school, and the idea was greeted by those responsible for fund-raising as ''the downer of the century,'' in the words of one parent.
A successful conclusion to the negotiations could also spur progress at ongoing talks between other pipeline companies and their producers.
He said he was ''flabbergasted'' by parts of his testimony.
The recent growth of the game is illustrated by Rick Fields and Rick McSherry, who last June opened Syracuse Splatball, an enterprise consisting of 30 guns, 50 sets of goggles and two rented plots of woodland.
Personally, I'd never go along on a deal where I won't be the boss.''
Wednesday's sale totaled $3.5 million and had been expected to total $6 million to $7.9 million.
At $9.95 in paperback, with crisp, sharp type, good paper and up to 250 illustrations each, the books would be hard to beat.
When I threw away the rest of the paper, I tucked these treasures into a safe place to be enjoyed again.
Moreover, all indications are that most Italians cheered President Reagan's decision to intercept the four hijackers.
On the New York Commodity Exchange, gold for current delivery rose by $1.20 an ounce, closing at $330.10.
One presidential candidate, Jorge Carpio Nicolle, called for the release of those arrested in protests ''except in those cases in which there is clear proof of the commission of crimes against people or property.''
''There was an assumption that one of the critical factors was that women were kept out of the marketplace, but when you compare employed women with homemakers, you don't find significant differences.''
Dank is a theoretical physicist and writer; his latest book about World War II is ''D Day: Normandy'' (Franklin Watts, 1984).
American Central Recertified IOWA CITY, Iowa, Jan. 8 (AP) - American Central Airlines, a commuter carrier grounded last month by the Federal Aviation Administration for safety and bookkeeping violations, received a new flying certificate today.
''When we came out of that game,'' Maguire said in a telephone interview yesterday, ''we looked at each other and said we'd worked our butts off.''
Will you be intimidated into driving in with your neighbor: the one who uses hair tonic that smells like cabbage?
Scientists, no less than builders, work with the tools at hand - and the tools of classical analysis had led mathematicians away from the fanciful shapes that Mandelbrot's imagination ultimately revived.
Mr. Wirth used the publicity surrounding the Phillips takeover to draw attention to his hearing.
''Farmers are selling their combined wheat, as they don't see much chance of a rally,'' he said.
And because Mark Gastineau, the top sack-producer in recent years, is on the same line, offensive linemen can have their heads spinning in confusion.
The work of these artists can at this point in time be viewed from a certain perspective.
Like most humor, such jokes serve to prick the balloon of anxiety.
But if others also get into deeper trouble, the fund might run short.
It is called ''The North Shore Study, A Comprehensive Overview,'' and it calls for a major rezoning - mostly downzoning - of 18 residential areas in the area located north of the Staten Island Expressway.
But diplomats said they thought it unlikely that having publicly confirmed the decision to let Miss Bonner leave the Soviet Union, the Kremlin would then renege on it.
Sarah Bernhardt, for example, ordered quantities of cucumber night cream shipped to her in Paris.
Or rather was, until the other day when she visited the Fifth Avenue shop's customer service department.
Friday and Saturday, 6 to 11:30 P.M.; Sunday 5 until 11.
Wooden boxes by the kitchen door.
In the view of some allied intelligence sources, the AT-2, which is smaller and lighter than the AT-6 and is thought to have an infrared homing system, could be more effective.
After independence and partition in 1947, the area was largely separated from the rest of India by East Pakistan, which later became Bangladesh.
''The ability to buy hard cover and soft cover rights will make us much more competitive in the market place,'' said Joseph A. Kanon, president and publisher of Dutton.
''The engineering school is very good,'' he said.
For the Redskins, the loss virtually eliminated them from the playoffs for the first time in five seasons and all but ended the possibility of a storybook finish under their young quarterback, Jay Schroeder.
''He said the posts would be good for the villagers because he would not attack them and they would be safe,'' he continued.
LEARN TO ICE-SKATE The county's Parks and Recreation Department's ice-skating and hockey clinic opened its 11th season this week at the Playland Ice Rink.
''But we've also received many phone calls and letters or support from people who attended the Holy Cross game and thought it was one of the best shows we've ever put on.''
Fort William is on Loch Linnhe and about 75 miles northwest of Glasgow.
Until then, she said, she supports an official advisory committee that had been appointed to ''collect facts and reduce panic in the matter.''
''I'm not sure that most of them know whether it's profitable or not.''
The Vietnam war, the civil rights movement, the women's movement and other causes provided a political impetus for drama, but they also gutted traditional speech.
Nonetheless, the differences between them, though subtle, are telling, and on Collegium Records compact disk COLCD 101 (also on LP and cassette) the intimacy of Faure's conception is revealed at last, thanks to the editorial work of John Rutter, who conducts the Cambridge Singers and members of the City of London Sinfonia in a memorable and moving performance.
For me, 1945 was the end of grammar school and the beginning of high school.
'' People can now be seen gossiping on their stoops in the evening.
One of the more interesting phenomenons, of which we will undoubtedly see more, is the cantilevered building.
Although the seed was shared with growers in many parts of this country, few were able to keep it going in greenhouses.
He also served on President Reagan's commission on Government cost reduction , headed by J. Peter Grace, and was chairman of a Heritage Foundation group that examined the National Endowments for the Arts and the Humanities.
Lawrence G. Franko, professor of international business relations at the Tufts University Fletcher School of Law and Diplomacy, said that, if the Bhopal accident had any effect, it should have been in India - yet Prime Minister Rajiv Gandhi is soliciting more investment.
''You've got a system that's failing,'' said John J. Gilbert 3d, president of the Rent Stabilization Association, which sponsored the study.
''I feel very sensitive to the house.''
Miss Gregory of the National School Boards Association said that her association would just as soon persuade Congress to eliminate the requirement to serve nonpublic school students.
The hijackers demanded that the captain fly the plane to Malta.
Holes were bored through the planks into the timbers and each treenail was driven home with a mallet.
If you're going to use the word 'creative,' leave it to the creator.
In the first half, Iowa relied on big plays to knock Northwestern out early.
Some of these courses are as delightful, challenging and scenic as can be found anywhere.
Yet, I cannot count the times I have seen some people barreling down the narrow, winding roads in the area, with their many blind spots, heedless of what may be around the next turn.
The Comptroller of the Currency and his staff supervise the country's 4,700 federally chartered commercial banks, including such money centers as Citibank, Bank of America, Chase Manhattan and Continental Illinois National Bank and Trust.
*3*** COMPANY REPORTS ** View Full Article in Timesmachine »
Included are the first photographs taken from a plane in flight, near Rome, and the first flight over American waters.
''We have seen reports and speculation in the press that he has been in Iraq during some of the periods since the Achille Lauro hijacking,'' Mr. Redman said.
Now that he has stepped out on his own albums, his music has become more and more personal.
The Senate Armed Services Committee has already voted to build 21 more missiles in the next fiscal year and to impose no legal limit on the ultimate number deployed.
Mr. Carter was critical of the Reagan Administration's refusal to become directly involved in recent discussions by Yasir Arafat, the Palestine Liberation Organization leader, and King Hussein of Jordan on a negotiating approach toward Israel.
It told us to watch for a second ''miracle,'' concentrating on the American hockey team's startling gold-medal victory in 1980.
A spokesman for the town, Marlene Kastleman, said that the property, once owned by the Glen Head Country Club, was rezoned for condominiums three years ago.
Thirty New Jersey artists, including Debra Hinlicky and Ingrid Jordan, potters; Sue Sachs and Lori Heninger-Lowell, jewelers; Hanneke DeNeve, fiber artist, and Louis Zuckerman, toymaker.
But he said he was skeptical about the prospects for agreement.
It is clear they want privacy and noninvolvement.
Norwegian Rhapsody Tour: 11 days, departing May 20, attending the Bergen Festival, the opening of Troldsalen, a chamber music hall in Troldhaugen (Grieg's home), traveling by coastal steamer to Trondheim and visiting Wadahl and Oslo.
Once on the right train, riders often need to consult a map about the number of stops to their destination or to learn where they can switch from the A to the F. They can't if the maps are obscured by graffiti.
Mr. Ross said that because it was inexpensive, cremation caught on during the last decade, when no-frills goods and services were popular.
''The Shooting Party,'' which opens today at the Cinema One, is not a perfect movie but it's a most entertaining and civilized one, as demonstrated in that meeting - the only one they have in the film - of two remarkable actors and the characters they play.
Today's smokers appreciate the macabre joke; it's printed on every pack.
Nor will bumper stickers, ward heelers, hand-painted signs or any other hallmarks of an American political campaign.
The teachers say they can hardly believe the results.
Fishing for crab is tedious work, often done in stormy weather.
Heather Langenkamp, as the youngest housewife, is particularly adorable, but since she's also amusing the adorability isn't cloying.
The 1980 law authorized business-improvement districts statewide.
Stewards are groveling and lackeys are bringing me champagne when .
Smith (R) Y N Y N 5.
A few truly large walleyes are caught in that lake as well as a few northern pike.
For $4.50 at lunch, you get a hefty bowl of chili served with slaw or potato salad and, if desired, a topping of sour cream, onions and cheddar cheese.
The Ford Motor Company said today that it would buy 20 million of its common shares, continuing a stock repurchase program.
Mr. Dotson also told the panel that, although he had been a mischievous adolescent, he had had no contacts with the police from the ages of 17 to 20.
A prime instance of this at the Met is the enormous Turkish sword that was made in 1876 for Sultan Murad V. With its profusion of gold, diamonds and emeralds, it was clearly not intended to cut anyone down.
Opposition is expected from special interest groups, including New Yorkers who would pay more and the housing industry, which says it would suffer.
SCM had traded at $55 before the offer was announced Wednesday.
What agency can I call to find out if there is a new owner?...T.
In fact, more narrowly church-related matters are likely to eclipse the broad set of issues, from politics to sexuality, that divide Catholics and have been so much part of the pre-Synod debate.
The Bulls could tie or win with a touchdown and a successful conversion.
Accordingly, Dr. John Walsh, director of the Getty museum, who was reached yesterday, said: ''We have tried consistently to avoid bidding against national institutions for works that are subject to export control.
Now Mr. Gandhi's aides and allies have redoubled efforts to resolve particular caste and religious conflicts that have recently turned the western state of Gujarat into a kind of war zone.
There are many uncertainties in the medical conclusions, including the fact that health statistics in Bhopal and in much of India are not very comprehensive, American and Indian experts said.
Dollar rates in New York late yesterday, compared with Monday, included: 3.1893 marks, down from 3.1965; 2.6875 Swiss francs, up from 2.6850; 9.7675 French francs, down from a record 9.7900; and 1.3253 Canadian dollars, up from 1.3246.
1.Make a caramel to line a mold by placing one cup of the sugar and the one-quarter cup of water in a small, heavy saucepan.
This, some workers say, is a symbol of the Yale campaign, of women entering entering the workplace in increasing numbers and turning to unionism to achieve demands.
The Eastman Kodak Company, citing the positive impact of its staff-reduction program, reported yesterday that its earnings in the fourth quarter of 1984 climbed 74.4 percent as sales rose 7 percent.
It is reassuring to know that censorship cannot diminish our youth's capacity to enjoy vulgarity to the fullest, for surely vulgar and obscene performances should not be tolerated in any public medium where the comfort of the general audience will be disturbed by a breakdown in decorum.
The mixture should not be too runny, but it should flow down into the blades without being pushed.
On July 8, a Le Havre-to-Paris train hit a truck at a crossing in Normandy, killing 8 people and injuring 55.
And he said he found an ''ability gap'' between accountants in the private sector and those at the I.R.S.
We are finding that the technology often just gets transferred to the premises of the subsidiary, not into the society as a whole.
Dr. DiBiaggio, who became president in 1979, is leaving to become president of the University of Michigan.
Later, he autographed programs with ''Pilch.''
Without the presence of foreign reporters, these critics say, Government opponents would lose an important means to bring about international awareness of such repressive measures.
TIMES SQUARE AS IT WAS Another free event is an exhibition of photographs of Times Square, starting today, at the Municipal Art Society's Urban Center, 457 Madison Avenue (between 50th and 51st Streets).
The January 1982 meeting at the White House had been scheduled to last 15 minutes.
He rejected proposals for deploying Lebanese Army contingents in place of his troops.
But she seared a fearsome image on the public consciousness in 1939 when, at the age of 36, she played the Wicked Witch, the terror of Judy Garland's long dream in the classic film of L. Frank Baum's story.
The future bridegroom, who graduated from Marietta College, is a vice president of Drexel Burnham Lambert Inc. in New York.
AS THE CORPUS Christi resumes her Patrol, Petty Officer 2d Class Donald Cox stands in the dim, narrow sonar room and grumbles when he is instructed to use active sonar to get the range of a ship on the ocean's surface.
At that moment, Mr. Weyrich said, he turned to Mr. McPherson and told him, ''You are unfit to hold office.''
''Look at it this way,'' he asserts frankly, ''I can sing Nemorino as well as or better than most tenors in the business.
The pavilion is the last element in a restoration and rebuilding of the seaport area that has already brought thousands of tourists and shoppers into the area and revitalized the neighborhood.
agents among the 800 members of the Soviet delegation to the United Nations.
As a long-time advocate of a tight fiscal policy and a relatively loose monetary policy, Mr. Tobin has harsh words for the Reagan Administrations's economic policies - until quite recently, the Administration preferred the opposite mix of large budget deficits and tight control over money growth.
Nigeria, Ecuador and Venezuela are among the heavily indebted OPEC countries that analysts say are exceeding their production quotas in an increasingly desperate effort to earn revenue.
President Saddam Hussein's Government here has vowed to ''impose peace,'' and he said last week that he might use missiles to do it.
''The Open will be like a week of July 4,'' said Susan Spinzia, executive director of the Southampton Chamber of Commerce.
In the third, he allowed one run on a single by McGee, a walk to Tommy Herr, a walk to Andy Van Slyke and a wild pitch on a curveball that bounced in the dirt in front of the plate.
As the man charged with persuading the legions of presidents and prime ministers who will address the General Assembly this week to keep to the 15-minute limit in their remarks, Mr. de Pinies has a delicate diplomatic task.
Her latest collection for Tiffany's, due in the store late next month, includes silver and gold rosary beads, crucifixes on silk cord and pendants that are stylized interpretations of the Virgin Mary (also, of course, known as the Madonna).
The woman was afraid, but she quickly said with a firm voice, ''There will be no shooting here.''
The Rangers tied the score 20 seconds later on a goal from Tomas Sandstrom and went ahead when Mike Rogers scored with 1:43 left in the first.
Mr. Crosby founded the Santa Fe Opera in New Mexico 30 years ago and has devoted a large part of his time to that company's needs.
Que Pasa Fair 439 Post Road, Orange.
Under this program, the Government pays farmers the difference between actual market price and a target price.
Peg O'Kane is a perky Gillian who gives this ghost of memory a shading of the determined, free-spirited flesh-and-blood woman Gillian must have been.
Precautions in the handling and disposal of the material are specifically prescribed by the Toxic Substances Control Act.
The dispute marks the second time the two companies have clashed over copyright restrictions.
For some it may be more comfortable to hire a car and driver.
In American trading, sterling dropped to $1.2565, from $1.2747.
She doesn't want to let her son go.
to discriminate because everyone does.''
The injury, which Foster suffered two weeks ago in a pickup game, was discovered during a precamp physical examination.
Staff aides for the safety board said few bridges were built today with steel pilings, a technique once favored by some states because of relatively low cost.
For example, when Chun Doo Hwan dispatched his paratroops to Kwangju when citizens and students were protesting his martial law, one commanding general had to be beaten out of commission because of his refusal to order his soldiers to fire upon the Kwangju protesters.
The study, by Janice Kiecolt-Glaser and Ronald Glaser of the Ohio State University College of Medicine, concluded that relaxation training may be of particular importance as a preventive measure in the elderly, since the efficiency of their immune system decreases markedly.
The state's case against the three men was based on the allegation that they had framed a call for a nationwide work stoppage to protest increases in the price of food and that they were among 10 men detained at a meeting called in February by Lech Walesa, the founder of Solidarity.
We all have our favorite Orson Welles experience (''Orson Welles: The Unfulfilled Promise,'' by Barbara Leaming, July 14).
Senator Gramm said that the bill, the National Security Protection Act, was drafted by the staffs of the Armed Services Committee and Navy officials.
will decide on terms for the Saturn franchises, which are not expected to go into operation until near the end of this decade.
Williams, a Celtic first-round draft choice, was traded to the San Diego Clippers, where he played for three and a half seasons before his trade to the Atlanta Hawks in January 1982.
''I wish I had inherited his brilliance,'' she said.
Thus, the severity of the quake in Mexico City was more than 10,000 times that of the quake centered near Ardsley.
A widening of the Jersey Turnpike is scheduled for the 35-mile-stretch between New Brunswick and the northern end of the toll road.
He had missed the last four regular-season games with a strained left hamstring.
Rembrandt's self-portraits, in no matter what medium, make us think about age -what it looks like, what it must feel like, and what to do about it - in ways that would never have occurred to us.
Texaco Inc. this year joined the ranks of the top five companies, moving up one position to fifth place.
''This court is biased,'' Mr. Jacobs said.
On the western side of the gulf, about two and a half hours by car from Bangkok, through salt flats dotted with windmills, is the small resort town of Cha-Am and the Regent Beach Hotel.
Also lacking on the part of the players is consistency in the shoes they wear.''
Both types of house are among the five kinds of Dutch house catalogued in ''Houses,'' the first volume of WOOD, BRICK, AND STONE: The North American Settlement Landscape (University of Massachusetts, two volumes, $30 each) by Allen G. Noble, a professor of geography at Akron University in Ohio.
At the International Business Machines Corporation, John R. Opel, the chairman, took a similar route.
But the prosecutor, Pauline Hardin, was arguing for conviction of only five of the defendants: The judge dismissed charges against the other three this morning.
''We wanted to fill a vacuum on the conservative side,'' said Arnaud de Borchgrave, editor-in-chief of both The Washington Times and Insight, and a former senior editor at Newsweek.
I taught people to speak English in Rodeph Sholom Temple.''
Mr. Reagan described his approach as ''deep cuts, no first-strike advantage, defensive research and no cheating.''
Nobody can appropriate a great city.
Wally Backman doubled home Gardenhire, who had walked, to make it 3-1 in the fifth and Carter hit an eye-high fastball on a line to left for his home run in the sixth.
As it happened, he never found the answer.
No one will ever know.''
There is no one officially charged at the race track with performing these functions, although they are done as a courtesy in many cases.
''Just about the time the subway reached the Bronx, there was the 1905 revolution in Russia, which failed and resulted in the flight of Jews to America.
She, on the other hand, was equally annoyed by my penchant for classical music, in particular for the solemn, mournful notes of Bach's unaccompanied cello suites played by Pablo Casals.
In Boston, Reggie Lewis and Quinton Dale each contributed 32 points as Northeastern (20-8) rallied twice in the first half, then went on to a 103-81 victory over Maine (11-17).
They also gave away the Sicilian secret that the bottom must be lined with fresh bay or basil leaves to keep the grain from falling through while steaming.
Third, the United States should play a more active role in the area.
But Mr. Adams said that it was a ''sad day,'' and that one board member, Sherman Kent, said: ''Sam, it makes my blood boil to see the military cooking the books.
Mr. Brady suffered head injuries and a partly severed finger.
Liebl said that Blue was the first player he met and that after initially purchasing cocaine for others, Blue started bringing players to Liebl's house and having cocaine parties at his house.
'Reject the Distinction' The statement was made public at a news conference at the Union of American Hebrew Congregations, 838 Fifth Avenue.
Mr. Valenstein initially objected to his wife's decision to sit for a magazine profile and flinched at her suggestion that their children be interviewed.
She can't write me a letter.''
The pianos of Erard, a French company, were particular favorites of Chopin, but they were also played by Liszt, Mendelssohn and Beethoven.
Jack Kent Cooke plans a new offer for Multimedia, with a bid for 40.3 percent of its shares at $70.01 apiece.
His recovery will no doubt interfere with his plans to lead Congress toward a major deficit reduction and tax reform.
For most of her eight years, except when she was challenging the Mayor, Miss Bellamy could generally be counted on to support him.
The delegates were keenly aware of the failure of the League of Nations established after World War I.
Not only were his late paintings offensive in their aping of the lowest imaginable commercial art, but they were deliberately, gleefully and unrepentantly awful.
However, if legislation signed by Governor Kean last December comes to fruition, major-league baseball - like professional football, hockey, soccer and basketball - also will be represented by a New Jersey franchise in the American or National League.
Robert Springer, the crew communicator at Mission Control in Houston, radioed, ''We all breathed a sigh of relief down here.''
The monolithic black monument in Washington, on which the names of the 58,000 Americans who died in the Vietnam War are enshrined, attracts more than two million visitors a year.
He said flying fragments of armor did not set off ammunition inside the vehicle and ''were not a significant casualty producer.''
Many critics, led by a cadre of conservative Republicans in Congress, argue that in its haste to spend, the Pentagon had little time to police.
The Apthorp Apartments, between West 78th Street and 79th Streets and West End Avenue and Broadway, is another bit of Old World elegance.
Seaman said that in the downtown Caramba!!
This is summer camp in the Catskills, Japanese-style.
The lot-line windows facing Mr. Greco's site existed before the building was converted into a co-op.
''I'll tell you this, he's a good, tough athlete,'' Parcells said.
The goal was to train physicians who could think critically.
Coupling these requirements with the elimination of freshman eligibility for varsity competition, in at least such extraordinarily demanding sports as football and basketball, would do much to restore intercollegiate athletics to proper perspective.
George Klenk, a spokesman for the environmental agency, said in a recent interview that the only pesticide included in the new testing regulations was chlordane, which has been banned in New Jersey for two years,except for the control of termites.
Their ''Why Not Me'' LP (RCA AHL1-5319) builds on the success of their debut 12-inch ''mini-LP,'' ''The Judds'' (RCA MHL1-8515), which came out last year.
''The fact that they have school, tests coming up, football,'' would be no excuse to ignore a fire department call.
Three More Deaths Reported The hurricane killed 10 people in Cuba and seven in Jamaica on Tuesday, two in Key Largo on Wednesday and two in Florida's panhandle on Thursday.
Without Bill Cartwright, their starting center during his first five seasons, the Knicks have won only 26 of their last 92 games.
Unabated interest in compact disks prompts an ever-growing number of audio manufacturers to launch their own brand of CD players.
As long as a tenant has a lease, according to the Assembly Housing Committee, he is protected from a rent increase or eviction.
Moreover, SGS-Ates Componenti Elettronici S.p.A., a Selenia unit that is Italy's sole maker of microchips, is to develop new products for I.B.M.
The sky melted into the sea.
Those problems, he says, pervade the entire society.
Minister Is Jailed Judge Narick then found them in contempt of court and ordered Sheriff Coon to take physical possession of the church.
Christmas comes but once a year, at least until television figures out how to make it quarterly.
While Mr. Cucci rejected a building moratorium, he warned developers that he expects the city's new prosperity to be shared with its substantial population of renters (70 percent of all housing is rented), in the form of new housing and jobs.
Dr. Selikoff decries as a ''social failure'' the 25 percent cut in the research budget of the National Institutes of Health.
*3*** COMPANY REPORTS ** View Full Article in Timesmachine »
The speakers are followed by a free lunch and a discussion of homelessness.
Congress approved two farm bills that provide sweeping policy changes.
Vanlandingham, winner of the Suburban and the Jockey Club Gold Cup this year, may be the class of the field but has never raced on the grass.
Council, which is largely made up of athletic directors, sought to change recommendations made by the college presidents who compose the N.C.A.A.
He was talking about the mangosteen, a little fruit with a big following.
Dean Vogelaar, the Royals' director of public relations, said none of the agreements were ''finalized yet.''
The slowdown in operating tempo would have a wider effect, because it would apply to the eight to 10 escorts, which include cruisers, destroyers and submarines, as well as supply ships that sail with each carrier in a battle group.
ABC also runs two Fox productions, ''The Fall Guy,'' an action-adventure, and ''Mr.
At the Pentagon itself, officials have trod a fine line between wanting to take credit for routing out fraudulent activity and not wanting the inevitable adverse publicity to swamp the money boat.
's most respected black assistant coaches is Ken Houston, the former all-pro safety for the Oilers and Redskins who is now on the Oilers' staff.
The kids get these values at home from their parents.''
Egocentricity of Children Gary Moore, an environmental psychologist at the University of Wisconsin in Milwaukee, has found that young children's mental maps are highly egocentric, featuring streets and landmarks of personal significance, with little resemblance to actual geography.
But it means that individuals will not be able to sell their rights in the exchange to firms in the form of shares.
Declines narrowly topped advances, with 831 stocks down and 809 stocks up.
with whom U.S. officials must talk.
The system is under control.
Every night Mama read before going to bed.
''The reason is that different creditors have different standards,'' she said.
Someone has to be the anchor.
Mr. Dreadfulwater has now changed his mind.
In New Jersey, condominiums were influential in getting a statute passed in 1975 allowing a municipality to use private roads to remove snow, maintain or illuminate streets and collect garbage.
Olive oil need not be refrigerated, but it should be kept in a closed bottle in a cool, dark place.
Jack Kemp's argument for getting the United States into the Angolan war is striking in its remoteness from the realities on the ground: military, political, diplomatic, psychological.
The new 22-cent stamp, issued by the Post Office in New York, bears the face of the composer Jerome Kern.
Americans found Japanese cars to be good cars; they consumed little gasoline, they were cheaper; their fit-and-finish were splendid, and with the rise in gasoline prices, the American appetite for Japanese automobiles soared.
''There is a we-they mentality that develops after these sorts of things hit,'' an executive recruiter notes.
These funds, which have become increasingly popular, are meant to track the market, not beat it.
Benficiaries would then get a cost-of-living increase of 2 percent, plus the amount by which the inflation rate exceeds 4 percent.
Wrapped in a heavy coat and a scarf against the evening chill, Mr. Reagan was greeted at Cointrin Airport by Kurt Furgler, the Swiss President.
He also built the American Savings and Loan Association of Florida, until last month a strong pillar in this structure.
Although Ashe is the first black man to be inducted, Althea Gibson, two-time Wimbledon women's champion, became the first black in 1971.
A history of physical science from the 17th century to the present day ''carefully documented and told in a straightforward, comprehensive style.''
The next morning, they would be up early for the hunt.
''And I'd come in here to get some coffee and when they called 'McDowell,' he got in.''
The income of baby boomer women is not going to diminish.
The double oven is now doing a solo act, as only the bottom one functions and the self-cleaner bit the dust with the last owners.
They taste each ingredient in a dish, the raw and the cooked.
She has a mean streak as wide as the rapist's, and her sadistic retribution on him is terrifying.
It doesn't satisfy sense or America's long-term interests.
It has now assigned them to Fallon McElligott Rice, Minneapolis, which this year is being rewarded for its tireless participation in advertising award programs with new business.
George S paced the half in 57.3 and then faced challenges first from On The Road Again and then from Docs Fella close to the finish.
''If that was the case,'' he said, ''most players would go to the school that they really wanted to go to rather than the one they think they want to go to after they've been told a lot of things.''
The Israeli Cabinet has ordered an inquiry into the bank-shares scandal that cost thousands of Israelis their savings in 1983.
Such levels were simply unheard of before 1980.
''It pushes a child to hurry up and walk, hurry up and talk, hurry up to be toilet trained, hurry to go to school.''
The officials, who would not confirm the dispatch of the so-called Delta commando unit from Fort Bragg, N.C., said all prudent measures were being taken, including military.
In the end, one also gets the feeling that the author is telling the truth in this book, but not enough of it.B DEFECTION BY THE BACK STAIRS I tiptoed to our bedroom door, took a last look at my sleeping wife, slid the envelope just inside the door, and then left the apartment.
The lunchbox that is being licensed bearing the M.A.S.K.
''There's no nonsense because you're the umpire,'' he said.
''Unlike other institutions that pretend ideological neutrality, we're conservative, no bones about it.
A. I'm not a scientist enough to know what they would take to make them that way.
''My real goal is to be a contender for the world title.''
Dr. Lacy had exhausted all known conventional therapies when a new drug called amrinone failed to sustain Mr. Haydon's heart, and the physician told the family that nothing else was left.
''But one must be aware of an inclination in the services to tinker with or sabotage such agreements so they come to nought.''
He once said he would not return here if he ever won but it was an idle threat.
Joseph V. Charyk, 64, remains chairman and chief executive officer.
Some television reports, particularly the longer ones, have captured the South African complexities and contradictions.
Slooff and van Oossanen had known each other for years, having served together on the National Committee for Ship Research in the 1970's.
He cautions the mother, almost as if he were her confessor.
But 'The Way of the Physician' gives us second thoughts if not second sight.
This could have been a step toward ratification of the signed but unratified treaty of 1974 putting a limit of 150 kilotons on underground tests.
About 200 members of the Central Committee of the World Council of Churches fasted today in solidarity with Foreign Minister Miguel d'Escoto Brockman of Nicaragua, a council spokesman said.
But the panel left open the possibility that Westway could be revived if the Corps took a ''fresh look'' at the subject and was able to make a more persuasive case for issuing a landfill permit.
Ordinary Russians feel they have no control over such matters, just as they have no direct input into their domestic political processes, and therefore they feel no responsibility.
Laser Weapons Are Described The Russians were reported to have built prototype ground-based laser weapons deemed capable of interfering with American satellites and of being deployed by the late 1980's.
Lousiana Tech is on a quarterly term system, and school was closed last week.
Justice Waltemade was a graduate of the Fordham University School of Law.
1 in G by the Chevalier de St. Georges (1739-1799).
Other Smaller Incidents Besides the assassinations of local pro-Israeli agents, there have many smaller incidents in which shops and cars have been blown up as warnings to their owners to either stop dealing with Israeli forces or to get out of town.
This is the energy you make a movie from,'' said Mr. Schlondorff.
Dr. Kibre is survived by a brother, Walter Kibre of Burbank, Calif.
A State Department official said it was impossible to know whether the bombings were at Syria's direction.
The statistics show that Mike Schmidt endured probably the worst two months of his 12-year career in April and May - six home runs and a .219 batting average.
Allen talks with animation about the old days with the Senators and the Milwaukee Brewers and the Chicago White Sox, from 1967 through 1973, but he does not want to make a big deal about being a trail-blazer at the Preakness.
The panorama explains what the Italians have done in 30 or so years to give inspiration to the French people and the American people.''
What has the Egyptian reaction been?
If the Team B player is in the same zone as his teammate, though, no offside would be called and play would continue.
Lendl, the 25-year-old United States Open champion, was fully matched by Lavalle, an 18-year-old.
There may in fact have been 10 times as many.
An hour before the stock exchange closed, an item crossed the ticker tape that 383,700 shares had been sold at $73.50 in cash, thus alerting sophisticated traders.
President Hosni Mubarak said he was certian that there had been such collusion.
They include Joy Wulke, Joe Zefferelli, Daryl Johnson, Matthews and Connell, Nancy Eisenfeld, John Landino and Cathy Magel.
If future business warrents, the Take 5 owners will consider adding a nonalcoholic Sunday afternoon and evening to the current Thursday schedule for Sneakers.
When Meacham went to shortstop for the bottom of the inning, he looked at Brinkman and then ''put my head down and chuckled.''
We do not aim at domination, at hegemony in any part of the world.
Some bank directors are said to be objecting, too, citing the bank's policy of not financing hostile takeovers.
Such stories may not translate well into a sentence or two, but they do provide Mr. McClanahan with ample opportunity to exercise his writing style.
Some of Mr. Rosen's steps have been bold -series of concerts at the smaller Carnegie Recital Hall leaning toward emerging youth and offbeat styles and cultures, a well-received opera series in semistaged form and a number of instrumental, orchestral and vocal subscription series.
This texture added to repetition is matched on stage by five dancers whose circling or chain patterns are starting lines for an incredible series of whipped turns and set dances.
Still more traditional is the small and always crowded Quatre Barres (6 Quintana; 302 50 60), popular for its moderate prices as well as its food.
He acknowledged that Hernandez and Andujar gave him money for cocaine but added, ''They asked me to buy them some from Mr.
Although her experience producing ''Country'' was in large part a struggle, Miss Lange is unequivocally positive when asked if she ever plans to become involved in producing movies again.
Since the fund is less than a month old, its assets are only $4 million, and it has yet to compile a performance record.
A solemn conversation, as in ''The Breakfast Club,'' may be followed by a sudden burst of dancing.
* 14 1 ONLY ONE WOOF, by James Herriot.
Such patients, he said, could often detect rising violence in themselves and ask to be restrained before they could do damage to themselves or others.
Mr. Mattingly was thus considered an easy target for a Democrat in 1986.
There was also a meeting in early April that dealt with Cardinal Glemp's pet project for a Western-financed, church-administered fund to aid private agriculture.
''The volume and turnover and impact of the exchange may be small,'' said Leon J. Weil, the United States Ambassador to Nepal.
Mr. Shapiro also persuaded Western Electric, based in New Jersey, to lend him the company's fleet manager.
''The na"ivete of the program astounds me,'' said Sister Mary Paul, director of clinical services at the Center for Family Life in Sunset Park, Brooklyn.
They offered condoms instead, not quite the same thing.
Mark Eaton added 15 points, 11 rebounds and 6 blocked shots for the Jazz.
The Senator seeks headlines by joining the vigilante spirit abroad in New York.
But a condition of that bid is that a minimum of two-thirds of the shares be tendered to Merrill Lynch, enough under New York law to complete a merger.
In its report, the committee noted problems in measuring precisely how many people are not getting sufficient food.
Mr. Lacatena said he was ''absolutely opposed'' to a possible compromise put forth by some college presidents that the law make no reference to Civil Service.
Her father is chairman and president of Bausch & Lomb Inc. and chairman of the Rochester Area Chamber of Commerce.
Later, President Carter's Secretary of Defense, Harold Brown, refined that strategy in a document known as President Directive 59.
Policemen were on guard near the Warsaw steel plant, but the shift changes were carried out normally.
Director, said, ''I suspect there are a sizable number of illegals in the United States,'' although intelligence officals say no one knows for sure.
'Money Is Paid With Money' In an apparent gesture to leftist economists who argue that huge annual interest payments should be channeled instead toward domestic growth, the President-elect said: ''We owe money to our creditors.
Other long-term bonds include a 9 percent issue due in 2002 and a 9 1/8 percent issue due in 2006 at a price of 99 1/2 to yield about 9.18 percent.
But meanwhile we will continue to try to de-dramatize.''
But sometimes you can use his speed and strength to your advantage to spin him.''
But the language is as much endangered as the hunter-gatherer culture of the Inuvialuit.
It was so important to her.''
According to the stop and frisk procedure, the police officer should: (A) Stop the man and frisk him even though the police officer does not feel endangered.
No one has yet figured how to make the computer part of the social fabric of the home.''
Dr. Anthony Fauci, director of the National Institute of Allergy and Infectious Diseases, one of the institutes, has estimated that as many as 2,000 patients might be involved in such trials by the end of next year.
City officials preferred, he said, more of a mix of housing than the state seemed to want - not just for the poor and homeless but for for working class families, too.
The puck ricocheted off the back wall to Craven, who placed it easily over the still-prone Smith.
The crowds numbered in the hundreds rather than the thousands.
''The Fed would be concerned that if it eased further right now it might trigger a disorderly rout in the dollar,'' he said.
''When she is not taking herself too seriously,'' one reviewer said in 1984, Isadora is ''wonderfully humorous''; in those moments she becomes ''the Wing the reader knows and loves - raunchy, funny, explicit, outrageous.''
A spokesman for the organization, Patrick Lekota, said the Government would be to blame for the consequences if the front was prohibited from organizing ''disciplined'' opposition to the policies of racial separation, or apartheid.
It is surely a major event that the percentage of sterilized American couples has jumped from 15 percent in 1965 to about 39 percent in 1982.
Neither side commented on the talks.
In addtion, the county may buy new annuity contracts to cover the 390 workers in its pension system who have not yet retired and did not elect in 1961 to join the New Jersey Public Employees Retirement System.
The $4.2 billion plant, which on the North Shore of Long Island, is 10 years behind schedule and 10 times over its projected cost.
Markey (D) Y N 8.
All the victims are Russian emigres in their early 70's.
In truth, it is a sniper system in which intensely concerned special interests aim for narrow targets on the hide of the larger public interest.
The total number of 214 independent stations includes about 130 general programming broadcasters.
A. Oh, I think the United States faces an imminent threat of terrorism from a number of groups, not only for that reason but for other reasons that have to do with our relations with the Communist bloc, our activities in the Middle East.
The subsidies are based on income.
They appealed to Congress to investigate both the surveillance and the Reagan Administration's refusal to offer asylum to the aliens.
Nor was it clear, to take another example, whether interest payments on the mortgage on a second home purchased today would continue to be deductible if a new law disallows deductibility on second-home mortgages.
There are 12 settings here involving six singers used in various configurations.
''You do that,'' Milwaukee's George Bamberger patiently explains, ''by getting more runs and getting better pitching than them.''
He said the stock price would rise whether Carbide is taken over or not.
''The only thing she said to me was that it should be an hour and 20 minutes long,'' Miss Bogart recalls.
Open 11 A.M. to 10 P.M. daily except Wednesday, when it is open 11 A.M. to 2 P.M. As You Like It, 120 Hudson Street (North Moore Street), 212-226-6654.
Near Yonkers Toll Barrier State police spokesmen said the accident occurred at 10:59 P.M. right after the troopers' car, heading southbound, passed through the Yonkers toll barrier.
That daughter was killed in a motorbike accident, but his granddaughter, Sheila, is now 19 and has been raised by Sally.
But this little drama , made by Scholastic Productions in association with Insight Productions, takes a different route.
In his remarks to national committee members this week, Mr. Kirk spoke of the need for Democrats to reclaim the ''traditional values'' that were pre-empted by President Reagan in the 1980 and 1984 elections.
With a clean cloth, wipe away all dust and particles inside the fitting and on the outside of the pipe.
''I'm a vodka drinker - Majorska,'' she said.
He fanned three more in the eighth to equal the career-high he established earlier this year against Cincinnati.
A second program involves transplanting bugs from other Northeast locations next spring.
''If they could have forgotten about their ego and self-serving interests, what a change we could have made.''
Ambato, a modern city of 80,000 rebuilt after the earthquake of 1949, is famous for its agricultural market, held every Monday.
Mr. Gray has been heavily lobbying Congress to provide some assistance to the F.S.L.I.C.
To the Editor: I am writing in response to ''Beware the Tax-Reform Torpedo'' (editorial, May 3), which criticizes members of the House and Senate who are proposing a minimum tax as part of a comprehensive deficit-reduction effort.
The surge in campaign contributions occurred as Government contracts to those companies swelled by nearly 150 percent over last four years to $69 billion in 1984.
Mr. McFarlane said the United States would evaluate the Soviet Union's compliance, military building programs and its performance in the Geneva talks as gauges in determining the future American response in terms of continuing to abide by the 1979 pact.
He said the United States had been involved in ''a steady military escalation'' against Nicaragua in the last six months.
''But the good thing was, in years past Joe wouldn't have said anything at all.
What we have here is not a simple black or white issue.
''I think he knows what it takes to play this game now,'' said Bill Parcells.
If there was some reason for beginning with this fragment, Mr. McPhee perhaps could have explained it.
More than 300 new companies moved into the county last year, many of them high-technology companies that have settled in the corridor that follows Interstate 85 northeast through the county.
Working with Miss Durocher and other designers - including Carolyne Roehm, Oleg Cassini, Anne Klein, Steven Stolman and the creators of the Saks Fifth Avenue private label -Miss Smith fits entire collections.
''I've learned so much about them, I read and heard so much, the Leavitts seem like part of the family now,'' Mrs. Draxler said.
''Otherwise the attitude is that it's nobody's business.''
The playwright asks us to believe that Marjorie, the intended victim, gets away from her attacker, knocks him senseless with a log, blindfolds and binds him, and chains him into the fireplace for safekeeping.
There were no survivors among the 256 people aboard, who included eight crew members.
Both Mr. Walker and Mr. Stanton are Yale graduates who became partners in the Wall Street law firm of Carter Ledyard & Milburn.
Evergreens keep their leaves because of their special structure.
Congressional mail has increased drastically, with House members receiving 200 million pieces of mail last year, about 14 times the amount they got a decade ago.
The precinct now has 200 officers.
I never heard of anything like that before.
The samples and comments that follow from seven professionals may help break the ice for the amateur.
He said his department had an obligation ''to suggest better means by which the higher education consumer can be confident he is purchasing a sound product.''
''We had so many frontline pitchers injured that we'd already moved up all the kids from Triple A, like Floyd Youmans and the others.
Total interest payments could be about $190 million annually.
''Gleason is the fighter over every comma,'' he said.
The designation of ''solid,'' which is the same as ''fancy,'' means that there are large pieces; ''chunk'' means smaller pieces; flaked or grated means small bits.
The racial transition of the neighborhood - it is about 80 percent black and Hispanic and 20 percent white - occurred peacefully nearly 20 years ago when the first black and Hispanic professionals began moving into the area.
Issue to Be Decided A five-member board of appeals, consisting of two trustees and three others with homes on the grounds, is scheduled to meet Monday to decide whether to give the developers of the St. Elmo site the right to raze the hotel and the other buildings on the block.
Trade reports have said that Columbia would pay $250 million for a controlling interest in Embassy.
Often the right causes got mixed up with the wrong people; ideals gave way to expediency, and hateful writers did good work and noble writers did lousy work.
The operating rate compares how much is produced in a given month with the nation's production capacity.
The most common part now being stolen is the bumper on larger-model Cadillacs.
To prove that her clowning is hardly confined to comedy, she said, ''I'm a very sad person,'' and spoke of how ''facing death can be a magnifying glass for life.''
Mr. Kennedy, a native of Fort William, Scotland, in the western Highlands, is also a Highland historian and storyteller and has been performing and teaching throughout Scotland for over 40 years.
He added that there is also a great deal of confusion about what is covered and what is not.
This will be Long's fourth bowl game, coming a year after he threw six touchdown passes to beat Texas, 55-17, in the Freedom Bowl.
He received a cortisone shot, and played with his wrist bandaged.
Angela has to mediate between the tenant farmers who have round, bald heads and the landlords who have pointed heads.
Excerpt from a monograph published this month by the American Enterprise Institute entitled High Technology and American Foreign Policy, written by Lawrence S. Eagleburger, a former Under Secretary of State who is now president of Kissinger Associates: Mr. Gorbachev may put a computer at every school desk.
It took only one night of rain, last Monday, to turn the infrequently used course into a bog.
She found the Temple of Dendur ''beautiful, a small reminder that we are there across the ocean.''
A hidden mechanism made their chests gently rise and fall as they slept.
Both Tokyo and Yokohama were wasteland.
''I think many Vietnam veterans who are doing well today are afraid of P.T.S.D.
There's no debating that a fire ensued, apparently accelerated by inflammables stored in the Move house.
The ensuing subterfuge involved cooperation between the Governments of Mr. Gonzalez and Chancellor Helmut Kohl and underlined the political sensitivity of the case.
''If the marines are there, the villagers support them,'' noted Prospero Nograles, a Davao human-rights lawyer.
''I'm grateful that the Prime Minister of Malta took a firm stand by not supplying the fuel to the aircraft,'' the captain said.
Basketball Nets vs. Los Angeles Lakers, at Inglewood, Calif.
The scientists at the Connecticut Agricultural Experiment Station in New Haven believe these are possibilities, and are eager to make them happen.
'No Fish' ''No, no fish, just bubbles,'' said Patxi Martin, the restaurant's manager.
And when they went to the seventh, the Mets struck.
Under a stressful situation we all revert to what we do well.''
New Offices And, with the league's 10-year lease on offices at 1500 Broadway, at 43d Street, due to expire this year and a big rent increase in view, Mrs. Michel tapped the charitable instincts of the International Ladies Garment Workers Union to negotiate a rental of union-owned space on West 40th Street at what she said was a ''very favorable rate.''
''It is high time that the two superpowers agree not to continue in this direction.''
Miss Navratilova faced a sterner test and struggled a bit before beating Zina Garrison, 6-4, 7-6, in the other semifinal.
One side's dilution of its air and artillery capability by substituting chemical weapons for, say, 10 percent of its conventional munitions would give the other side a very substantial advantage indeed.
''Kees has been ignored, and I hope the letters will rectify that in many ways.
Sheepshead Bay also had a touchdown called back because of an illegal-procedure penalty early in the fourth quarter.
''Let me make one thing very plain,'' Mr. Reagan said in his weekly radio broadcast.
I want to bring them to a situation where they themselves feel that they should not operate here.''
Although Federal and state laws allow a nursing home with a religious affiliation to restrict admission to patients of its faith, the organization said that such homes had violated the law by admitting whites who were not members of their respective faiths while barring nonwhites.
Pamela Rice of Middletown, R.I., who was freed in Algiers, said she thought that about a half-dozen men were taken forward, apparently into the first-class section, by the hijackers when the plane was in Beirut.
His is the dominating presence in the book and readers will care more for him than for the human characters.
Ordinances permit keeping horses only on lots of at least 10 acres, but there is a longstanding exception allowing backyard paddocks so long as they are at least 40 feet from any property line.
When he established himself as a heavyweight composer-lyricist with ''Company,'' the distinctive voice that emerged was that of self-appraising urban cynic rejecting the happily-ever-after philosophy and blind faith in in the future that the Broadway musical, exemplfied by Rodgers and Hammerstein, had always promoted.
Laid off from her secretary's job, she spent much of early 1985 visiting lawyers, writing letters, telephoning anyone who might help.
Whether it should or not is still the question, but New Yorkers' parochial interests are going to be rather strongly affected by this measure.
How serious the issue has become was reflected in an article published today in People's Daily, the principal party paper, which gave one of the Government's top economists front-page space to argue that popular antagonism for the food price increases has been misconceived.
a preferred showcase club for new bands).
He stole second, went to third on Jody Davis's throwing error, and scored ahead of Driessen's home run.
ROBERT I. LIPP, president of Chemical Bank; Doctor of Humane Letters, for being ''a financial visionary with nerves of steel - and yet a heart of gold.''
The ability to sell notes with single-digit yields continues to appeal to many corporations and has resulted in a high volume of new corporate offerings.
Physical-education classes at Wesleyan have doubled in size in the last decade, and the majority of gym students now are women, according to Donald M. Russell, chairman of the physical-education department.
There have been 61 leaks of the lethal chemical methyl isocyanate at the Union Carbide plant in Institute, W.Va., since Jan. 1, 1980, 33 more than was documented in an Environmental Protection Agency report disclosed last week, the company announced yesterday after a review of its records.
The Martin-Gropius-Bau, which houses only temporary exhibits, is the working image of a city where history, art, culture and life itself are lived at the edge.
I put the question to a couple of saleswomen called Song inside the small shop.
Instead, she majored in biology at Lafayette College in Pennsylvania and went into industrial research.
Furthermore, he invariably guessed right - if you could call it guessing.
The quilt looked wonderful with a cat curled up asleep on it, or hung out on the line to dry.
''Sometimes you don't bunt because you know the guy up there can't bunt.
Never go to sleep on a full stomach.
Or they might give a guy a pitch he can drive.
I heard from Paramount and other movie people after 'Life and Limb.'
On the negative side were Terri Klausner's affected, melodramatic ''Imagine'' and Ann Reinking's chirpy, uncomprehending ''If Love Were All.''
And the runners - principally Rob Carpenter, Joe Morris and Tony Galbreath - allowed the Giants a multidimensioned offense.
Mr. Koch has done better, in the face of massive Federal spending cuts, at supporting job-training programs.
''It's a wrongful taking of property rights for no social purpose,'' said Georgia Malone, who specializes in rent-regulatory cases.
When these homes could not be profitably sold at the completion of the projects around five years later, there were not enough funds to pay the annual operating losses of the partnerships.
Miller is a complex and ambitious artist.
In the siege this morning, Commissioner Sambor said, the police started returning the fire, with frequent lulls.
He said that the single-store business has ''loaded up with merchandise and remodeled, but if the 1,800 pottery workers go out, we've got real problems.''
Such a tax would be easy to collect, would apply equitably to all fuel use and would produce relatively high tax revenue.
Six defendants accused of tax evasion through the sale of ''ministries'' in the Life Science Church were found guilty yesterday by a Federal jury in Manhattan.
As is the case with the wishbone, the success of the veer depends upon a good quarterback performance.
'Twinge of Nostalgia' ''The kind of music we play,'' he said, ''and the kind of music Los Lobos play, it just went away for a while.
A friend of mine, 10-year-old Robbie Buonocore of Dumont, N.J., told me why he liked his trains so much.
Jockeys are used to rushing from the back of one horse to another, but never do they sit atop such high-priced beasts as on Breeders' Cup Saturday.
''It not only saves time but it makes shopping so much more fun,'' Miss D'Arcy said.
The tree stump upon which Goethe sat to write that ''here, one feels himself vast and free,'' stood at the center of Buchenwald, where 250,000 people from 32 countries were imprisoned, and 56,548 died.
Sometimes a visitor approaches and announces he is there to see the Secretary General.
If the number of cases continues to rise unabated, and if effective preventions and treatments are not found soon, AIDS might become as much of a scourge in Africa as smallpox once was.
SOME five million blank diaries are sold in this country each year, according to Thomas Mallon's ''Book of One's Own.''
Everything around the golfers, the swinging oak branches and a few old country clubbers, seemed to hang limply like some old plants that had been left out to soak in the moisture.
It makes me feel better about myself.''
Bankers have expected for some time that they might be required to write down the loans' value.
Also of interest this week: Susan Rothenberg (Willard Gallery, 29 East 72d Street): For anyone who has followed the development of Susan Rothenberg, this is an important show.
Another important meeting in the maneuvering appeared to be a visit a week ago to Syria by Crown Prince Abdullah ibn Abdel Aziz of Saudi Arabia.
One is grateful to Francis Rizzo, the stage director and artistic director of the company, for whatever influence he exercised (a good deal, one suspects) in making this a spirited, charged performance.
Rod Scurry, the pitcher who was suspended by the Pittsburgh Pirates for missing a game last Sunday and for failing to follow an after-care program, will continue outpatient treatment for a drug-abuse problem.
The Goals in Geneva According to accounts from both sides, neither Washington nor Moscow wants the arms-control contacts that resume Monday to fail, yet neither chief diplomat is known to be coming armed with proposals likely to produce a breakthrough.
Beyond this, she indicated that the confidence with which she addressed issues alarmed bureaucrats.
The program might also entail coaching clinics, it might entail our coaches' going to Cuba to share with their coaches and athletes our knowledge in their weak events, or it might entail their coaches' coming here to share their knowledge with us in our weak events.''
Because of American predominance, many smaller issues are large enough to make the personal style and the policies of a Secretary of State matter.
'Looking for Ways' At least some of the resolution's sponsors seemed to be backing away from a resolution that extended a direct invitation to Mr. Arafat.
Our local constituency has its needs met with a swimming hole, but people come here from all over the country, the world.
Which mercifully takes us, Mr. Palomar and Italo Calvino beyond the impasse of solipsism, the distrust of language and the frigid fires of ''experiment.''
The breast halves, thus coated, were cooked briefly (the total cooking time is only five or six minutes).
Another was Lady Fleming, the Greek-born wife of Sir Alexander Fleming, the discoverer of penicillin.
This last will not be exhausting (the city has 5,000 inhabitants and, indeed, the whole country only 26,000), but it may be expensive.
With a second left, Birdsong, who finished with 15 points in a reserve role, took the inbound pass from Ransey and launched the game-winner in one smooth motion over a charging Lionel Hollins.
Richard Loewy, chief grain and oil seed analyst in New York with Prudential-Bache Securities, said analysts believed that with all farmers eligible for the program, many would choose to take the loan rather than sell their soybeans.
Japanese banks and securities houses, with deregulation toppling the barriers that once stood between them, are locked in a battle for turf.
When the seriousness of the situation became known, said Mr. Thompson of the Federal agency, he ordered a ''thorough and total review'' of the project by Wilbur Smith.
A worn-out Cat backed down on many of its demands - such as a total wage freeze.
The scarce 1932 Baghdad edition of Freya Stark's ''Baghdad Sketches.''
''When I first saw it, I said jeez, that's just what it looks like, a hairy star,'' he said.
''Saturday Night Live'' will return after one rerun this weekend.
''It wasn't the lights,'' said Heep, filling in for the disabled Darryl Strawberry.
The Ukrainian Foreign Minister, Vladmir A. Kravets, will give a luncheon at his mission.
Herschel and Cindy, who began dating at Georgia, live in a handsome condominium in Verona, N.J.
Even fragments of Hindemith may have merit.
Callers with Touch-Tone phones can punch in their specific requests, while portfolio holders with prearranged codes can ask for as many as 30 stock quotes in three minutes.
The Martel team started on the road to victory in the 1984 Vanderbilt Knockout final thanks to fine defense by Stansby on the diagramed deal.
Ratliff and Byron Irvin, after a Mills steal, made two free throws each to cut it to 1 point with 15 seconds left.
Now it is more common - and, in fact, some advertising professionals feel that Mr. Carvel might be wise to actually appear in his ads, not just be identified by his voice.
Several times, the director of the research denied that the objective of the program might be shifted from a widespread defense of the United States and Europe to a limited defense of American missile silos and military facilities.
Mr. Reagan responded to criticism of his tax plan by challenging critics to ''make my day,'' a line delivered by Clint Eastwood as Dirty Harry Callahan in ''Sudden Impact.''
That would seem likely to discourage teams from drafting him high.
They begin to tink in sports -pidgin English; and they get away with it.
Mr. Truffaut died last October at the age of 52.
He said that some of the car thieves had identified themselves as members of the Farabundo Marti National Liberation Front, an insurgent group.
''Dean Chamberlain told us of the purpose of a college education and the importance of a structured course of studies.''
I don't want to work for the work.
There is a toll-free number for calls from other places: 800-872-5565.
''We'll see tremendous differences in airline results for the quarter, and this is solely a function of a company's ability to manage the price of its product,'' he stated.
Common Stock * Russ Berrie & Co. if offering 1.5 million common shares, at a price of $24.75 a share, through Goldman, Sachs & Co. * Best Buy Co. filed for an offering of 700,000 common shares, through Dain Bosworth Inc. * Exposaic Industries filed for an initial public offering of up 700,000 common shares, through Wheat, First Securities Inc. * Mars Stores Inc. filed for an offering of 550,000 common shares, through Advest Group Inc. * Maryland National Corp. filed with the S.E.C.
And he was interested in the Giants because Ron Erhardt, the offensive coordinator, was his head coach with the Patriots and uses the same offensive plan here.
Then, using an eyedropper, the physician places a small amount of a blood sample onto the slide through a hole in the top of the machine.
And as he completed his 10th year as president with the commencement exercises earlier in the month, faculty members said he seemed to have entered a new stage in his personal development.
To answer this concern, the state's Department of Education has undertaken a comprehensive program to help districts prepare their students.
Paintings and visual material from archives around the world complement interviews and Mr. Dyer's commentary, which sums up modern warfare, from Napoleon to Nagasaki.
''This is a business where something new is happening every three or four months.
Tough Defense by Ewing Patrick Ewing's defense was a key factor in the miss.
Martin patted Fisher on the arm in the clubhouse.
Nicaragua announced in September that it would sign the draft Contadora peace treaty, but told the United States that revisions sought by Washington, which had earlier endorsed the plan, would be unacceptable.
It belongs in the category of ''comfort'' food, that brings contentment, a smile to your face and makes you think of Mommy.
Malta also refused to permit an American military aircraft carrying listening equipment and antiterrorism experts to land here in a military aircraft from Sigonella Air Base in Sicily, sources in Malta and Washington said.
Live performances scarcely exist any longer on television, even though television done live is more interesting than television packaged.
The Parkway Grill, 510 South Arroyo Parkway (818-795-1001), is currently one of the trendiest restaurants in Los Angeles, serving what it calls regional American cuisine.
Mr. Lanzmann, who worked as a journalist for many years, has made one other documentary, ''Why Israel,'' which appeared in 1973.
Contra leaders have nevertheless continued to subvert these commitments, and many Congressmen who voted for the aid package are now beginning to feel that the President's promises were as false as the promises of ''pluralism, nonalignment and mixed economy'' that the Sandinistas made to the Organization of American States before taking power in July 1979.
We want them to think well of us when we are gone.
There is no risk involved to doing a small biopsy through a colonoscope and it certainly is the standard practice in this nation.
Israeli military sources say they are convinced ''more than ever'' that the 11 S.L.A.
Without intending undue disparagement of Massachusetts, I must say that I have eaten fried clams in the Bay State that had had their bellies removed.
Exports in January fell 19.5 percent from a year earlier, to $1.64 billion, and they fell 10.5 percent in February, to $1.79 billion.
Three of them -Chief's Crown in the Juvenile, Eillo in the Sprint and Princess Rooney in the Distaff - all came through, and only Slew o' Gold failed, losing the Classic by only a couple of necks despite injured hooves and a stretch-long bumping match.
With the marketing aplomb that has made Xerox famous in the computer field, the Star sank into oblivion.
The contract reduces total labor costs to $18 an hour, from $21.40.
His passenger, on leave after being wounded in the Africa campaign of World War II, was frightened more, he said, than by anything he had experienced in the desert fighting.
It was a lonely yet exicting life for a New York City man who had not traveled much.
Gross announced after an autopsy that there was no evidence that physical injury had caused Mr. Stewart's death, although his body had been covered with bruises when he was received at the hospital.
Modern beds can - depending on how much money the would-be sleeper and relaxer is willing to pay - provide for raised feet, heat, gentle wave action, vibrations, even rocking.
The bodies of two hunters, a woman on the eastern slope of the Cascades and a man on the western slope, were found Tuesday.
Rabbi Nathaniel Stampler performed the ceremony at the Hyatt Regency O'Hare in Chicago.
Some people waited for news of The Number, as it became known, nonchalantly.
Winfield broke in for the ball, then saw it soar over his head for a triple.
In discussing the delay in his meeting a Soviet leader, Mr. Reagan said jokingly: ''My problem for the first two years was they kept dying on me.''
* First Fidelity Bancorporation has filed for an offering of $35 million of convertible subordinated debentures due in 2010 through underwriters led by Goldman, Sachs & Co. * Genstar Financial of Canada is issuing $75 million (Canadian) of 11 3/4 percent Eurobonds at a price of 100 through Wood Gundy Ltd. * McDonnell Douglas Finance Corp. has filed for a shelf offering of $400 million of senior debt securities.
The first real rain since our arrival came last night and we are still dry and in one piece.
It cost a lot of money.''
No doubt also relevant was his service as a close adviser to Lech Walesa, when Solidarity was still a legal organization.
He's now 0-7, including six losses with the Atlanta Braves before he joined the Yankees last season.
Gagner gave them a 2-1 lead after 4:47 of the second on a line drive slap shot.
But he says that isn't his concern right now.
In some places it is as wide as a river and in others as narrow as in the days when mules towed barges from the bank.
Local 1397, he has gone against the orders of the union's national officers.
An Israeli court convicted two Jewish settlers of murder and 12 others of different violent crimes against Arabs.
In practice, the period of time has often been interpreted to be at least six months.
The Olin Corporation has also been mentioned as being interested in Uniroyal's chemical business.
E VEN HIS CRITICS agree that de Montebello has brought a badly needed stability to the museum's image and its routine operations.
''The more we looked at their offer, the more we thought it was a good one,'' said John Perduyn, a Goodyear spokesman.
The players, though, do not show much conviction behind the words they speak about still being in the race.
In response, Yale announced in April that by 1990 it will try to double the number of tenured women on the arts and sciences faculty of 604.
Sun-Dried Tomato, Mozzarella Hors d'Ouevres #2 small, or 1 long, French baguettes #1 cup pesto #1 pound fresh mozzarella #12 sun-dried tomatoes, drained 1.
Then suddenly one of Nine South's nurses - a woman in her 20's - was diagnosed as having leukemia.
Mr. Brant has testified for the prosecution that David J. Carpenter, Mr. Winans's roommate, came to him with a plan to share profits made from trading securities based on advance information.
That would make formal what is an informal arrangement now.
There were 687 bombings in 1983 and 795 in 1982, the bureau said.
Under what I now look back on as a cascade of sunrises and sunsets ''laden with happiness and tears,'' we overcame any misguided temptation we may have had to institutionalize him.
FARRELL: Well, the pollution-control companies like Browning-Ferris.
The fish this time was too thin a piece for such a heavy tarred treatment.
He also criticized the lack of an autopsy on Miss Weltman's body.
If the circuit is already overloaded, adding new outlets will not help.
But he added, ''In a state with the massive growth pressures we've got, you can't come to grips with all the implications and impacts of those in one legislative session'' In 1984 the groups that fought the legislation in the past, including real estate agents, home builders, the Florida Chamber of Commerce, architects and financial interests, formed a committee to offer alternative ways to manage population growth.
On other matters, spot surveys of several schools and district offices around the city indicated that overcrowding and teacher shortages, problems that have plagued the school system on opening day in recent years, may have been less severe this year than in the past.
The ''Aureole'' on view, for instance, was hardly the ''Aureole'' of yore.
''Being home should make the difference.
The program will be filled out with a William Boyce symphony and songs by Thomas Arne and Thomas Chilcot, the house composer for the Vauxhall Gardens.
The lesson, he says now with a rueful smile, seemed to take root and blossom.
One Indian environmental consultant, who met recently with top Union Carbide and Indian officials, said there was hostility on both sides; he described the legal and relief efforts as ''chaos and confusion.''
It was because he seemed so completely to combine street smartness with that capacity for passion that Mr. Hudson was anxious from the first to cast Mr. Pacino in the role.
Israeli officials seemed almost aghast at what they saw as a serious Lebanese and Syrian misreading of the mood here.
But it was vital to destroy that bunker, he emphasized, or Move gunmen could pick off officers trying to storm the building and would cause heavy casualties.
He said he was responsible, in any case, to French producers and to Europe.
'Flash' Estimate Is Awaited ''I think that the market is going to move sideways until you get a clearer picture,'' Mr. Wong said.
Its original purpose, to finance my education, is completed.
This is usually available from garden centers or by mail.
A Vigil for the Dead Residents of the township, talking to black reporters, said the latest killing began today when policemen lobbed tear-gas canisters into a movie theater where a vigil was being held for the dead.
There has been a flurry of diplomatic activity in the last few weeks.
Tim McGee, Tennessee's all-America wide receiver, was just a youngster then, a fan wondering why a coach would leave a successful program for the ordeal of starting over.
But aides say his protests of Soviet violations of arms treaties, adventurism abroad and the offensive buildup have encountered some blunt rebuttals.
We are told, almost in passing, that Young had a puritanical upbringing, that he suffered bouts of depression and guilt, but we are given no further insight into why he became such an ardent follower of Joseph Smith, the church's first prophet and founder, or how he managed to develop from a young man wholly ''destitute of language'' into a master of rhetoric who could successfully exhort hundreds of followers to do his bidding.
From where they stood, Tosi and Rossini were no doubt right.