The ban proposal arises from police frustration with the pursuit of outlaw cyclists.
While many Wading River residents are leery of overdevelopment, they also fear that a moratorium would place undue hardships on businesses and would devalue their property.
Its principal weakness lies in the ''inside baseball'' nature of many of its stories; nonresident foreigners may not get all the jokes.
Analysts attributed the gain to the dollar's modest recovery and to takeover activity.
And yet, the success of ''Giulio Cesare'' does not mean that this production represents a formula to be automatically applied to the next Handel opera at the Met, whatever that might be.
Less, commander of the Persian Gulf Task Force.
Amid the ranks of firefighters in their black leather firehats were several battallion chiefs, identifiable by their white hats.
On Sunday, he sounded like a fully formed Tristan, and made one eager to hear him in the complete role.
''I was up four times and he gave me maybe 10 or 11 in a row.
Its inner courtyard went to seed; its facade sprouted moss and weeds.
she replied and has been in a whirl every since.
That myth, which has happy and tragic versions, seems to be falling on hard times, according to reports from Adriatic resorts like Rimini and Jesolo that attract large numbers of young adults, especially topless Nordic women and Italian lads in search of same.
''It isn't that we're not trying hard or that we're not good enough,'' he said.
The new theater district enforcement policy could mean an additional headache for motorists who enjoy a late supper after a show.
----'Expression of Solidarity' Peaceful demonstrations are continuing and growing in Armenia ''as an expression of solidarity'' with the demands of Armenians in Nagorno-Karabakh, an Armenian religious leader in New York said yesterday.
Doesn't the nude suggest Manet?
The Germans, who have long opposed capital controls, hold the six-month rotating presidency of the European Community, and they have made ending capital controls one of their major goals before their term ends June 30.
In addition, the state's Fisheries Development Council said earlier this month that the sale of fish at the shore was down 35 to 40 percent compared with last year because of fears that the state's coastal waters were heavily polluted.
''Insensitive,'' ''uninformed,'' ''stupid'' are some of the words used to characterize this provision.
Emily Susan Haft was the maid of honor.
The cards offer a choice of five levels of commitment, ranging from ''I promise that in the metropolitan Denver area I will not carry a gun'' to ''I make a commitment to work for international disarmament.''
There are now several new and attractive ways to make a single stereo system heard in different rooms without damaging the decor.
He is survived by his wife, the former Elizabeth Andrews; a brother, Oliver Macrae of Chicago; four children, Mary Elizabeth, of Minneapolis, John Michael, of Cincinnati, Stephen Martin, of Wilmington, Mass., and Anne Shepard Harmon of Walnut Creek, Calif.; nine grandchildren and two great-grandchildren.
Now she speaks of the pain of living among so many other blacks living in misery.
Red bell peppers become sweet and smoky when cooked directly over flaming coals and whisked into a paper bag, which is then closed for 5 or 10 minutes.
It is, for instance, one of the easiest, and most common ways of feigning friendship in discussing that person with a third party.
The early 6-5 favorite for the race is Camtastic, owned by Bob Boni and driven by Bill O'Donnell.
Instead, the duchy has embarked on a program of selling off the London properties at the going price and putting the Prince's money into investments with a higher return.
Her students, some of them learning-disabled and before last September unaware of the difference between a brass and a woodwind, are now giving band concerts to parents and students.
There were the illnesses as well.
Tickets are $6, $7, $10, $15 and $20.
On Nov. 28, Ms. Brawley was found beaten near an apartment building in Wappingers Falls, N.Y. Ms. Brawley, then 15, told the authorities that she had been kidnapped, raped and sodomized by six men, one of whom wore a police badge, jacket and holster.
The Assembly Speaker, Mr. Miller, had said he would not act on the settlement without assurances that in case the Federal commission did not approve the sale of the plant, the cost of maintaining it could not be passed on to consumers.
In 1825, Thomas Cole went to the Catskill Mountains to paint their rugged cliffs and streams.
Once the mold has developed in the cheeses, they are wrapped in heavy sheets of pure tin foil, which helps control the formation of blue veins.
Anger, ranked 95th in the world, was not able to win a game against Lendl until the ninth game of the second set.
I jacked up the car, placed the new tire on, tightened the nuts, snapped the hubcap.
For example, he said, two of his cases involved men convicted of attempted murder who were released under the lighter terms of the youthful-offender law.
Such integration had been the goal of Jean Monnet, Robert Schuman and other founders of the community in the early 1950's.
In retrospect, the timing of the 76-year-old Mr. Cain's purchases could not have been better.
Where Lunch Isn't a Picnic THE flame of rebellion was fanned at the Four Corners Elementary School in Greenfield, Mass., when stainless steel flatware in the cafeteria was replaced with plastic utensils earlier this month.
The Cooperativa Agricola Valdarnese at Paterna (three miles; last half-mile on the unpaved road) also offers good home-produced food and drink, and the excellent Pin-Rose restaurant at Cicogna (five miles) specializes in seafood.
It was being used as a retail complex when a fire gutted it a few years ago.
''They shouldn't have to choose between watching the nominees debate world events and watching the World Series,'' Mr. Brountas said.
Nevertheless, he said, ''There are some behaviors that occur in high frequency in low-income black kids that don't help in their academic work.''
David (Bruce Willis) on ''Moonlighting'' is having his first encounter with responsibilty as a volunteer Lamaze partner and is displaying heretofore unseen sensitivity as a result.
''They all bring in so many crooks, so now it's time for the other side to start getting its fingers in the pot.''
Miss Torvill tumbles over Mr. Dean's head, both execute the stag leaps more common to ballet dancers than skaters, Mr. Dean erupts into a circle of barrel turns.
For instance, after the President vetoed an opposition bill that would have forced witnesses to testify before legislative investigatory committees, the parties agreed on a compromise that subjects witnesses who twice refuse to testify to prosecution on contempt charges.
Some of the rare specimens of the zoological world are never imported into North America, and the same is true of the bridge world.
But because of ''limitation of funds,'' the candle has remained hidden under the bushel.
1.Trim stems of the eggplants and slice in half, lengthwise.
Prestige and Money But publishing industry sources say they know of no other major literary figure who chose to publish a novel or novella first in the paperback format.
''The rejection of the past,'' he wrote in an essay on Nietzsche, ''is not so much an act of forgetting as an act of critical judgment directed against himself.''
Fortifying the Turnstiles ''We're seeing a very serious trend,'' the president of the authority, David L. Gunn, said.
''The way the tenants can exercise their rights is by not leaving,'' he said.
''Money doesn't get transferred to Paris, documents get lost, little problems arise at the port,'' Mr. Barkan explained.
PUERTO RICAN HERITAGE Moliendo Vidrio, a 14-member folkloric music group from Puerto Rico, will highlight a full day of celebrating the Puerto Rican heritage tomorrow at Rutgers University's Camden campus.
''Certainly there is some sense to it.''
The total of 50,000 treatment slots covers only a fraction of those who need treatment.
Assemblyman Yevoli has questioned the expenditure of public funds for privately owned land.
Trading continued to be modest, with many major players riveted to the sidelines.
Recent reports of the imminent demise of the nomination of Bernard H. Siegan to be a Federal appeals court judge appear to have been premature.
The company has ''done a terrible job for shareholders,'' she said.
Dr. Sullivan, who died in 1949, has been described as the United States' greatest contribution to psychiatry, and was credited with removing schizophrenia from the class of incurable disorders.
The plantings bear colorful witness to Mr. Coram's labor, pride and devotion - and also to the obvious success of low-income housing in this Westchester County community just across the border from Yonkers.
Because Minorco is seen as a repository for the Oppenheimer interests outside South Africa, any big move Minorco makes is scrutinized by politicians and anti-apartheid groups for clues to whether Mr. Oppenheimer is reducing his financial commitments in South Africa.
''The outlook for MCI is very good - regardless of what the F.C.C.
There is nothing else to say after that.''
For Future Generations Twelve years ago, at the age of 70, Mr. McMillen was dismissed as executive director of the restoration, amid assertions that he was too old for the job.
The reason for these names was not made clear.
''If the warming is under way and 1989 is warmer than 1988, just as it in turn was warmer than 1987, drought and heat could be even more destructive,'' Mr. Brown said.
The Archbishop has said we are not allowed to have a priest, and for one night we are going to experience that deprivation.''
Homeowners can quite cheaply prevent the gas seeping into their basements.
The candidate himself stumbled through a series of discussions on foreign policy, seeming unsure of the exact Israeli position on negotiations with its Arab neighbors.
The community is too aware of the obstacles strewn in its path to have become swept up in a cocky mood of ''It's morning in Europe.''
The passage of the school construction measure came on the final day of this year's legislative session, which dragged on almost five months longer than usual.
Thirty years ago, the violinist and conductor Paul Wolfe founded a string quartet and began a series of concerts at the Silvermine Guild Arts Center in New Canaan.
''I think it cornered some fish under the bridge.
''Indeed there have been times when the prosecutor will tell other agencies that they must discontinue whatever they are doing until he completes the proper investigation.''
''It is imprudent to think that good-quality medicine can be practiced cheaply.''
Criticism Over Incentives ''It's good for states to get these companies in here,'' Mr. Saubolle said, ''because not only do they create jobs, but they pay taxes, contribute to the infrastructure and provide indirect jobs as well.''
No Comment on Compromise Mr. Lucier said Senator Helms discussed the appointment with the White House on Wednesday and indicated that the Administration should proceed with the announcement.
They added that Friday's report on unemployment and jobs growth would be the key to interest rates in September.
'' It must be done by people who know it best, he said.''
He wrote a second novel in part to prove that he could, Mr. Eco said, and he has no plans now for a third.
The menu offers creme brulee aux frambroises and chocolate charlotte as possibilities for the dessert .
They could, he said, become part of what he called a ''second Green Revolution,'' aimed at less hospitable areas of the Third World, where flood, cold, heat, and drought routinely pose special difficulties, and where modern agricultural technology has not moved beyond the more favorable plains and river basins.
Perhaps companies can contribute to their battle to compete with their foreign counterparts by streamlining their expenditures.
Even so, there are some things you should discuss with your children to help them deal with the confusing and conflicting feelings brought about by their emerging sexuality.
'It's the Competition' ''It isn't that the private sector or the public sector is better; it's the competition between the two of them that works,'' said John D. Donahue, a public policy expert at the Kennedy School of Government at Harvard.
I was spinning out of control, tapping out scripts, screenplay concepts, concepts for concepts.
''Somebody comparable to Roger Ailes hasn't emerged in the Dukakis campaign, so things haven't been in tight synch,'' said Kathleen Hall Jamieson, professor of communications at the University of Texas who is the author of ''Packaging the Presidency: A History and Criticism of Presidential Campaign Advertising.''
J. C. Penney will borrow $700 million from big insurance companies and give the money to an employee trust so it can buy Penney stock.
But when spring arrived, so did more problems.
When a flaw is seen in the brain's anatomy -that is, in its form - this does not always translate into an impairment of the behavior - the function - that the flawed region usually controls.
''In general, the hate movement has lost about half its members in the last five years,'' he said.
Theories on Survival How has bilingual education survived despite the 1986 vote, and despite the lack of a law mandating it?
''Love in the Time of Cholera'' (which was translated from the Spanish by Edith Grossman, not Gregory Rabassa, who was responsible for the brilliant English versions of so many of the author's earlier books) does not possess the fierce, visionary poetry of ''One Hundred Years of Solitude'' or the feverish phantasmagoria of ''The Autumn of the Patriarch.''
THE INVISIBLE BAR: The Woman Lawyer in America, 1638 to the Present, by Karen Berger Morello.
She added that about 650 evacuated people from nearby villages were also short of supplies as they waited in churches and schools here.
Jerry Herman's music and lyrics are mostly agreeable but never reach high enough to raise Jacobowsky above the level of sentimental comic in a show that makes ''Fiddler on the Roof'' seem like profound drama.
''And a B-52 with the big one in case we miss.''
A Brief Burst of Indignation We've become so broad-minded that ordinary exasperation is rare in literary criticism today.
* What happens when unions put the arm on a company's allies.
Tickets for the 6:30 P.M. benefit, $55, from 212-593-3300.
They're the classic middle people in the economic equation.
But Mr. Schneider is satisfied by photographic evidence that it survived at least until November 1947 and disappeared the next year.
The union's weakness was evident in the comments of workers who weren't involved in the strike or who left the shipyard before it ended.
But some performance is sacrificed by the need to coordinate the different processors, and top speeds appear to be just below 3 gigaflops.
Continental is owned by the Texas Air Corporation, which also owns Eastern Airlines.
In the fall of 1986, Mr. Campeau waged a bitter battle for control of Allied that included a court fight against management and several sweetened offers to entice shareholders.
Residential Building Weakens Residential construction fell 1 percent during May, to an annual rate of $193.4 billion, reflecting a 1.3 percent drop in construction of single-family homes, which offset a 2.4 percent rise in the smaller apartment sector.
The man, Anthony Mascuzzio, 43 years old, of 81 Warren Street in the Cobble Hill section of Brooklyn, was found sprawled on the floor Friday in the basement of the Bedrox Disco at 316 West 49th Street.
So I only knew T. S. Eliot from the waist down.
An excellent debater at her Dallas high school, she knew, at 15, she wanted to be a lawyer.
The United States had filed a protest against Japan's tariffs with the General Agreement on Trade and Tariffs, which ruled that Japanese quotas on several products, including dairy products, tomato ketchup, processed foods and fruits, violated GATT rules.
headquarters in Tunis, and Palestinians there said a team of P.L.O.
Then, he added, ''I was honored to be on the same field as him.''
The laws, which define unrepairable vehicles as those that dealers can't fix after four attempts, provide for reimbursement or replacement vehicles.
The outlook for 1988 is not much better, although the Group of Seven has proclaimed again that the dollar has fallen enough.
Fixture on the Building's Stoop ''She could have lived to see 100,'' Mrs. Demery said, ''She wasn't sick or anything, and she was very determined to try to do for herself.''
We strain our ears toward the door and try to catch the commands from outside.
When the larger system stirs, the smaller is jerked about unpredictably.
I fell in love with a fieldstone house set in an arboretum with squawking ducks and a waterfall.
Like the nine other crew members on the flight - all belong to the 702d Military Airlift Squadron - most of his time in the Reserve is spent overseas.
The same policy applies to exterior work.
The outburst, considered more unseemly than dangerous by Southeast Asians, who do not normally air grievances in this manner, has so rankled the Thais that Foreign Minister Siddhi Savetsila told Laos not to send Mr. Soubanh back to talk about the new dispute.
According to the latest report from the Defense Department, the United States spent 6.8 percent of its gross domestic product on military power in 1986.
It is in part because of the poor turnout that Mayor Thomas Dunn of Elizabeth is against a referendum on Tuesday's ballot to switch to an elective board.
Fridays, noon to 2:30 P.M. and 6 to 11:30 P.M. Saturdays, 6 to 11:30 P.M.; Sundays, 5:30 to 10 P.M. HATSUHANA, 17 East 48th Street (355-3345) - (Feb. 21, 1986) Cheerful dining rooms on two levels, each with elongated sushi bars flanked by rows of simple wooden tables, provide a suitable stage for the colorful production put on by the personable sushi chefs at this high-ranked Japanese restaurant.
The details of interpretation, of making those commandments fit specific cases, are beneath his notice.
Begins at 10 A.M. at 39th Street between Fifth and Sixth Avenues, heads south to 24th Street and ends at the Eternal Light Monument about noon.
''Our ultimate goal is not just blind unification, but achieving sovereignty under an independent regime,'' said a Yonsei University student.
Another favorite motif of his has to do with flagstones that abut one another in strange, gawky combinations.
''It will not be as difficult with this administration since many of the same people will continue and we can get immediately to work,'' said Anne Petrignani, who with her husband, Italian Ambassador Rinaldo Petrignani, maintains a busy social schedule at their embassy residence.
In a West African country riven by war and enfeebled by famine, a European doctor is killed by government troops and a team of international observers opens an inquiry.
''Our rationale is that you pick a vacation spot according to what you want to do,'' he said.
This resulted in a rich, complex film that split the critics - Vincent Canby, writing in The New York Times, felt that Kaufman and Carriere had lost the novelist's voice without finding enough cinematic equivalents to replace it - but which is showing surprising strength at the box office because of its wit, lyrical style and deft eroticism.
Proceeds will benefit day-care centers run by the McBurney Y.
Reasons for Sharp Rise The analysts have cited several reasons for the recent sharp rise in short-term interest rates.
The ensemble's charmingly laid-back musical trio is drawn into the act, a little nervously at first.
A Dukakis pitch goes wild, and the ball nearly smacks a television cameraman.
Roger Vick, the running back who was last year's top draft pick but had mediocre statistics as a rookie, showed some good inside moves in generating 38 yards on 7 carries by halftime.
He allowed himself a smile.
In 1986, the museum's handbook described the head as ''one of the few original Greek sculptures in Western European or American collections that can be placed within the context of a specific monument.''
And consumer groups say the high interest rates, which commonly hover around 18 percent, are the real scourge for credit-card holders.
There is no way to get at it without cutting the sill under the bathtub.
Janet Curtis of Middletown heads Parents for Enforcement of Court Ordered Support, a 600-member statewide group, and she said she believed the state system ''has improved a little bit but it's still ponderous.''
Hydrodynamics deals with the motion of liquids - the rock around the shaft becomes molten when the nuclear device goes off.
's chief executive officer, said that the tournament would continue to exist, most likely as part of a modest W.C.T.
New Zealand Question:I plan to spend three weeks in New Zealand early next year and would like to spend most of the time hiking and exploring with people interested in wilderness areas.
And CUNY, one professor said sadly, would become a school primarily for those ''who can't find parking places in Manhattan.''
Mr. Friedman assures visitors that the opera's finances are secure, even in the face of corporate defections from the area and San Francisco's current $172 million municipal budget deficit.
With Sheldon Harnick's freewheeling adaptation of the libretto and stage direction by Janet Bookspan and Moni Yakim, the work was transformed into a one-act opera buffa in which Phoebus's refined music is weighed against Pan's more outgoing brand.
Bush Is Criticized A White House official today expressed irritation with Mr. Bush for seeking ''political cover'' by trying to show that he was tough on drugs in opposing further negotiations with General Noriega.
I was told that the scorpions that might be found at Kailuum are not poisonous.
Virginia Leng of Britain is favored.
But he said he did it to get a grip on the ball in the cold and rainy weather and not to alter the flight of the ball.
After World War II, Republicans like Senator Arthur Vandenberg hardly supported President Harry S. Truman on all issues.
It identifies a common heritage of ideas, values and customs that have influenced American culture.
And as happened this year, nine preferred to vote for none.
She was in a bind.
Black events have a way of piling one atop another in Belfast, and the armored police vans were everywhere, their silhouettes medieval with slotted armor windows impervious to the rock or bottle hurled from the angry darkness.
Miss Dabney is a test coordinator at Children's Hospital in Boston.
The craft workers design and produce lacquerware, fine embroidery, clothes and slippers.
Entertainment, provided on stages at 77th and 84th Street, will include Tito Puente and his Orchestra at the 84th Street stage.
These include bowling for blind children, tennis for teen-agers who use wheelchairs, and hiking for boys with learning disabilities.
B4 A swastika was spray-painted outside the Yonkers apartment of Laurie A. Recht, the only resident who has spoken in support of a court-ordered housing desegregation plan.
Erek Perry scored 25 points for Delaware (7-2), which had a six-game winning streak snapped.
Chairman's Statement ''The restructuring is part of our strategy to enhance shareholder value,'' Mr. McGillicuddy said in a statement.
The young tend to favor low taxes, but they favor government programs more than their elders do.
Sellers and realtors run the risk of being sued by disgruntled buyers who feel they were misled, if a serious defect shows up after the sale.''
Mr. Ophuls's exhaustive documentary, which makes its festival debut on Oct. 6, exemplifies in the most fundamental way the idea of a global cinema, for its dark journalistic vision of an evil that transcends eras, geographic borders and continents exposes the interconnectedness of horror in a world that has been shrunk by modern telecommunications and jet planes.
Mr. Hunt testified in Federal District Court in New York that silver had a ''very startling'' rise in late 1979.
Waldwick, Wyckoff Avenue and White's Lane, Fair Lawn.
It also operates 10 television stations, 16 radio stations and a news service.
Early fall brings crisp days and the painting of designs on the mountains by the changing colors of the aspen trees.
The screenplay is the work of the playwright John Bishop (''Borderlines''), and the main character is transporting a prisoner who escapes.
You can't stop it and you can't change it.
The appellations to look for in red Burgundy are Aloxe-Corton, Beaune, Vosne-Romanee Premier Cru and Volnay, where there are still good buys for $25 and under.
Churchill Downs has yet to pull off a single cup, much less do it any better than any other track has or could, and already it wants permanent possession of the thing.
Year-ago quarter and 6-month are adjusted to reflect a 3-for-2 stock split declared Sept. 8, 1987.
One of the most moving of his images is a double head, borrowed from the cartoonist W. E. Hill, that appears in untitled paintings of 1984 and 1986.
''You saw the performance tonight.
Rosemarie's gets a young Wall Street crowd as well as some of the newer residents of this increasingly popular downtown residential area.
A muddled look crossed his face.
The challenge in all this is to collective action.
There are three obvious problems created by early winner projections: (1) some citizens do not vote when they hear that an election has been decided; (2) citizens in the West tend to feel their vote counts only when the Presidential election is close, and (3) other Federal, state and local races can be affected by voters staying home from the polls.
For Sears, however, becoming a one-stop, low-priced merchant will mean making a 180-degree turn.
You had much smaller aircraft, much slower propeller-driven aircraft, and far fewer of them.''
This often results in higher construction and financing costs.
Application to Traffic Accidents For example, Los Angeles-based Litigation Sciences Inc., owned by Saatchi & Saatchi P.L.C., uses a Cubicom machine to reconstruct traffic accident scenes in animations for court proceedings.
''Wilkins has been rebounding well, getting downcourt quickly and running the floor,'' said Jackson.
I began large-scale farming when the Government let me contract for 207 mu in 1984.''
I catch myself going up to the clubhouse five times between at-bats.
''What the drug companies do with the data is the company's problem,'' Mr. Tourres said.
and Judge Sessions, we are sure, will do everything possible to uphold those values.''
Miss Hempel has an unusual background for a fashion designer.
Since early 1987, the Navy has closely escorted through the gulf all ships flying the American flag.
Moment to Remember This was the moment the Mets will remember for a long time.
Statistics the spa keeps prove that weight loss is as great at 900 calories as at 700 - or greater - and that guests are less likely to become sluggish and tired.
Tourists in China are amazed at the contrast between the gray, characterless streets of Beijing and the ancient splendor of the Forbidden City.
23 A feared moment for Michael Milken came when his firm, Drexel Burnham Lambert, decided to plead guilty to securities-related fraud, isolatating Mr. Milken as he prepares to face criminal charges.
Efficient Economics But in the early days of television and FM radio, roughly from 1945 to 1955, cross-ownership was seen as an economic efficiency that would encourage the growth of broadcasting and was desirable, Mr. Schwartzman said.
(AP) Auto Racing Frenchman First in Monaco: Alain Prost of France took advantage of Ayrton Senna's misfortune to win the Monaco Grand Prix yesterday.
Letting the bad-news boys hog the scene won't do the trick.
(The two lists on page 1163, amounting to 20 bare names supposed to represent two distinct tendencies, will mean nothing except to someone who doesn't need such lists in the first place.)
''They don't have to think about it or monitor it.''
By year's end Mr. Roh also plans to release most political prisoners, whose numbers are estimated at between 200 and 1,000.
If ''Dreaming'' ends with ''Fancy that,'' it starts with aspiration: ''Hutch had heard a rumor that the meek might someday inherit the earth.
Over the last two months Centocor's stock has dropped steadily from the $26 or so it sold for during the summer.
''As long as I keep turning up manuscripts,'' he vowed, ''I'll keep inflicting them on the public.''
In 1972, he teamed up with Calvert Knudsen, a lumber executive, to open a winery.
Anna meets a variety of people, listens closely to the long monologues they deliver and, upon rare occasions, volunteers tiny bits of information about herself.
They are fighting to stop the closing of the base, and, in case that fails, they are preparing for the demise of the base.
''All we were saying was that heavy people seemed to have a lower mortality in 1983 than in 1959 based on study of life insurance policy holders.''
By the standards of September, the bids were low.
According to a survey of industry experts and state agricultural economists in the Dakotas, Minnesota and Montana, the region's losses already total 650 million bushels, or nearly 22 percent of the three billion bushels of those crops that the Agriculture Department expected to be harvested across the nation this spring and fall.
Mr. Reagan sometimes argues that Washington's purpose in Nicaragua is to use the contras to ''pressure'' the Sandinistas to make concessions.
Canons will be fired during the ''1812 Overture,'' and a rousing Sousa medley will be played during the fireworks.
The thing I'll always remember about the Arizona fans is that they really wanted a quality program and they were brutally loyal.''
The other aid, humanitarian aid, is more imminent.
In other activity, crude oil prices plunged as the global petroleum market continued to be flooded with cut-rate supplies from both members of the Organization of Petroleum Exporting Countries and other exporters.
The female nude recalls a sensuous nude by Picasso, Boccioni or Braque; the eye in the back brings to mind women of Picasso with eyes in the back of their heads.
Weather-driven power demand is always a problem for utilities, because it requires them to keep expensive generating capacity on hand for the peak hours that may not be used much at other times.
Mr. Reagan chose James A. Baker 3d, but cushioned the decision by appointing Mr. Meese as Presidential counselor and providing a top White House position to Michael A. Deaver, another longtime associate.
'' ''It's been a real experience,'' says Caitlin Clarke, who plays the team's manager, Carlotta, in the film.
In China it must also cope with the Government's foreign-currency controls.
It proved, at least, to be an effective vehicle for the virtuosity of Krystian Zimerman, the soloist with the New York Philharmonic under Zubin Mehta.
The figure for 1986 was 1.8 million units.
Share earnings for 1987 are adjusted to reflect the 100-percent common stock dividend paid on July 10, 1987.
But many religious Cubans say they are still afraid to let fellow workers know they go to church, and it is still impossible for a believer to become a member of the Communist Party, a key to reaching the highest levels of most professions.
He's moving out Dec. 1.
Maurice Segall, chairman, said that a disappointing performance at the Zayre discount stores division resulted in the loss while the off-price apparel and warehouse divisions produced highly satisfactory results.
's efforts to grow in the computer business.
His research has revealed a great deal about the sheer mechanics of manipulation that traditional physiology had left unexamined.
In a recent tour of a Brooklyn shooting gallery, Ms. Serrano suggested the answer in the dead gaze of a 22-year-old addict.
The film depicts the family at the outset as working on a farm at the time of their escape into the woods and then beneath the earth.
She also had the good sense to take Handel's Theme and Variations slowly, allowing the music to articulate through all the timbral mist.
'A Permanent Anguish' Mrs. Lessing, too, was disturbed by the book, and by the pain she felt in writing it - ''so much pain, not all of which I can explain.''
A statement signed by a previously unknown group, the Organization of the Martyrs of the Popular Revolution in Palestine, said the group was responsible for the attack last Monday on the excursion ship City of Poros.
''If we were just a bunch of bandits we would have been caught and been handed over to Government forces long ago,'' Mr. Dhlakama said in an interview.
In performance, Mr. Trillin is better than a bunch of carrots.
While the savings clauses limited profit rates to 12 percent to 13 percent, Bell Helicopter was actually receiving substantially more than that, The Post reported.
''It's right on the edge,'' says Mr. Angotti.
King Louis-Philippe commissioned 24 paintings from Granet between 1831 and 1846, thereby consolidating a position that Granet had won for himself already in 1819 with a large painting called ''The Choir of the Capuchin Church on the Piazza Barberini, Rome.''
''Hanna's War,'' based in part on her diaries, gives us the hero and martyr but not much of a character.
Helene Alexopoulos and Kipling Houston, givng the third theme a slinky fluency that recalled the pas de deux in Balanchine's ''Orpheus,'' stood out within the more than adequate cast.
A protein might have anywhere from 50 to more than 500 of the 20 different amino acids.
* Phyllis Melhado has been named vice president, public relations, at Estee Lauder U.S.A., and Barbara Sadtler Clement has been named vice president, public relations, at Estee Lauder International.
The importance of a patient's mind and emotions.
Various possibilities were discussed, but ultimately she decided that a good model would be Peter Falk's shlump of a Lieutenant Columbo.
ONE way for retirees to fight back, experts say, is to form or join retiree clubs, which meet periodically to discuss issues of common interest.
He hand-delivered his decision to Mrs. Mofford, a Democrat who would replace him if he resigned or were removed from office.
''When cyclosporine is given to prevent rejection of a transplanted organ without which the patient will die, then the risks are worth taking,'' says Dr. Robert Silverman, chief of the diabetes branch of the National Institute of Diabetes and Digestive and Kidney Diseases, in Bethesda, Md.
In his directives issued today, the President mandated various agencies to do these things: * Assure that all materials developed on human sexuality and family planning for teen-agers by Federal agencies ''focus on promoting and encouraging abstinence.''
''Their utility is now diminished, and they must be taken on their own merits.''
She is thinking in terms of future startups - maybe ''an adult Sassy, a magazine that admits that life can be difficult but is worth it.''
My brothers collected baseball cards and made up games with them.
I don't see why American capitalists are so upset with Japan.
A spokesman for Mr. Anderson said the Senator was told that Mr. Baker was out of the country.
Birth has happened to the mother as well as the infant.
The powers of self-government that Yatama is proposing, to be sure, are far more sweeping than the minimal powers of ''consultation'' and ''participation'' that would accrue to the autonomous authorities under the Sandinista scheme.
In 1919, the year the Pupke estate finally sold the house, the stoop was removed to allow for stores on the ground floor.
It produced a thermonuclear shot with a yield of 10.4 megatons, but it was not a bomb.
All I needed was the right mustache.''
''If you have a lot of credit-card debt, you may want to get it into deductible form'' by borrowing against your house if you are eligible, Ms. Pecarich said.
General Electric is rumored to be close to a similar move.
A Lilco vice president, Joseph W. McDonnell, declined last night to characterize the discussions.
Sylvain, prince of the peaceful kingdom of Gandahar, travels into the technology-mad future to change the past in this animated film by the French director Rene Laloux (''Fantastic Planet'').
This is to be filled out once for the trip away from home and once for the trip back.
''George comes sometimes to work in the garden,'' his wife, Barbara, told a few visiting reporters Friday.
Although such rigs have been criticized as dangerous, they are efficient.
''If circumstances are such that a team in good faith has a reason to ask a player whether he has a drug problem,'' Stern said, ''then the team must put the league office on notice.''
President Woodrow Wilson named the site a national monument in 1915 and, though the park's total area has since expanded to 330 square miles, the main attraction remains the steep quarry face that Earl Douglass worked 80 years ago.
Conditions are even stronger than economists expected a few months ago, and his strength lends credence to the Administration's free-market policies.
And by campaigning for Mr. Bush, the President will remind voters of those policies.
Mr. Segalas who speaks French, German and Spanish as well as English and Greek, said he wanted more involvement in mergers and acquisitions and such, where there is more money to be made than in research.
There is more than a little anger here and it makes Mr. Miller reach a bit further than most other comedians for the scorching comment.
The stock pays dividends based on the earnings of the General Motors Hughes Electronics Corporation, a G.M.
And I wanted so much to win so I could dedicate the victory to him.''
They are not disappointed, either.
They wanted to force changes in the state through adversarial journalism.
A ragtag list of leftists could be drawn up to correspond to Professor Cantor's list of rightists if there was any real point in opposing reactionaries and radicals.
I don't object to that, but again that is an incentive to try to get the rules changed so that we can compete in this area domestically more vigorously.
Companies generally set their prices in one of three ways.
At the Royale Theater, 242 West 45th Street.
12Don Baylor(.220, 7, 34) He is four victories away from playing in the World Series for the third successive season with three different teams.
Gay, graduated from North Carolina State University and the Duke University School of Law.
A vote against it meant the primacy of the fetus in all cases.
In a covering letter, Mr. Sculley said recommendations to correct the deficiencies were being put into effect.
Our porch has a copper roof that has been painted over.
Mr. Carnes has been a fierce advocate of cracking down on students who default on loans from the Guaranteed Student Loan program, a position that has drawn fierce criticism from many in higher education who maintain that the department has willfully distorted the situation with the program.
A New York City official, acting without the full knowledge of his superiors, repeatedly reduced the tax assessments of buildings owned by the city's largest commercial landlord, according to municipal tax records and interviews with city officials.
Across the nation, heat records for a July 7 were set today, as were records for lack of moisture.
The Soviet Union has bought 535,000 metric tons of United States soybean meal for delivery in the 1988-89 marketing year that began on Oct. 1, the Agriculture Department reported Thursday.
But because Mr. Meese had filed accurate tax returns in other years and because the amount of taxes owed was relatively small in relation to his income, they said Mr. McKay was right not to prosecute the Attorney General.
After the Democratic convention, a Wall Street Journal/NBC News poll showed the Democratic nominee leading Mr. Bush by 51 percent to 34 percent, up about 5 points from a similar survey before the convention.
Flashlights Are Seen Shortly before 1:45 A.M., the jet pilot spotted flashlights waving in the water, Mr. Creedon said.
The losers were Jim Krekorian and Drew Casen, both of Manhattan; Fred Stewart of Accord, N.Y.; Steve Weinstein of Upper Montclair, N.J.; Eileen Brenner of Livingston, N.J., and Michael Pickert of West Orange, N.J. Optimistic Contract In the Flight B final, Kent Vanderwater's team beat Otto Adamec's team by 23.
Americans seem amazed by the ease with which Mayor Koch took over the New York primary.
Yet that band also includes Wayne Bennett, the guitarist for some of Mr.
For instance, the adviser to the seller must be a master of atmospherics and bidding psychology in order to elicit the highest possible price.
''That's why this event is ideal.
The agreement came in a settlement of a lawsuit brought against the institutes by four psychologists.
Effects of Acid Rain Scientists generally agree that acid rain destroys plant and animal life in sensitive lakes and streams, and some scientists believe it also damages forests and man-made structures like buildings made of metal and stone.
Alice Mund, a manager at the East Hampton branch of Mark Fore & Strike, said the bags are popular, especially as housewarming gifts.
Yesterday they went to Boston and knocked off the Celtics, 117-107.
The cost of the round-trip flight: About $800.
More Cooperation Urged It also called for more cooperation among the Forest Service, National Park Service and other Federal agencies in creating fire management plans.
And so there at the Muttontown Preserve in East Norwich last weekend, at the free demonstration on how to tap your maple trees and make maple syrup from the sap, was the Holmes family.
The 25-year-old mother, Abigail Cortez, and her live-in companion, who is also 25, have been charged in the beating death of the girl, Jessica.
Mr. Buyak said the problem in the state could be even worse if all the people who bought snowmobiles in Connecticut rode them here.
Following is a list of companies that have been identified in recent days as being under scrutiny by the office of Henry E. Hudson, the United States Attorney in Alexandria, Va., who is overseeing an investigation involving officials of the Pentagon: Armtec.
The Federal Trade Commission had authorized its staff to seek a court order to bar McKesson's purchase of Alco, based in Valley Forge, Pa., the nation's third-largest independent drug wholesaler.
Polaroid will give ''due consideration'' to an unsolicited takeover bid from Roy E. Disney.
Another board member, the Rev.
Most telling is the suit of red armor complete with fierce face mask for the daughter of the daimyo Ii Naosuke.
has been unable to practice because of a rib chip, and his status will not be known until game time.
Egypt and the United States signed an agreement today under which Cairo would help produce M-1A1 tanks, the most sophisticated tank in the American arsenal.
''Now Skippy is out of South Africa, so we can eat it with a clear conscience.''
One guarantee sought by the West, for example, is that requests to travel abroad be addressed within a specified period of time, and that refusals be explained in writing.
While not a cure, AZT was found to prolong AIDS victims' lives, partly rebuild the immune system in them and partly restore their physical and mental abilities.
A platform full of people, including Robert Mezzasalma, sigh in we've-been-this-route-before resignation when they see a train with express signs arriving on the local track.
Under this system, farm workers, instead of receiving a flat hourly wage regardless of their productivity, form small collectives that contract to cultivate a specified area of land.
In the art gallery setting, they are beautifully installed and minimally labeled, presented as pseudomodern art objects.
It moved ahead $4.375 last week.
A compatible heart-lung donor is very hard to find.
It is being used in experiments on patients with pituitary or intestinal tumors.
The issue for the Supreme Court in Maleng v. Cook is whether the Federal courts have jurisdiction to hear such a case under the habeas corpus statute, which gives ''a person in custody'' access to Federal court to challenge his conviction and sentence.
Two years ago, when Danny Ferry was a freshman, Duke also won the East Regional here.
In addition to the absence of Mr. Gephardt, who has been a favorite target for negative advertising, Democratic campaign officials attributed the lack of television attacks here to the short campaign.
His instruction is basically as sound as ever, except only that his swing, as Nicklaus points out, is ''a looser, more flowing action'' than recommended today because he developed it using hickory, as opposed to modern steel, shafts.
Surviving are his wife, the former Mary Griffin; four sons, Joseph Jr., Peter and Christopher, all of Manhattan, and Thomas, of Short Hills, N.J.; a daughter, Mary Elizabeth, of Manhattan, and two grandchildren.
As Levi puts it, ''Before dying the victim must be degraded, so that the murderer will be less burdened by guilt.''
Along with this capsule history, we discover that as a child Dr. Ruth collected June bugs and fed them lettuce; that in Switzerland she saw American movies and doted on Shirley Temple; that she lost her virginity on a starry night in the hayloft of a barn on the kibbutz and it was a worthwhile experience.
It is not fixing anything.
The group is made up of 35 state boxing commissions.
Police Were 'Very, Very Close' But Mr. Castillo escaped in the confusion after the shooting, eluding a search that included a helicopter and police dogs.
(AP) Golf Davis Leads Senior Qualifiers: Joe Davis, an amateur from the Winged Foot Golf Club in Mamaroneck, N.Y., qualified for the United States Golf Association Senior Open championship by shooting a 33, 38-71 yesterday in the sectional qualifying at the St. Andrews Golf Club, Hastings-on-Hudson, N.Y. Five other golfers from the field of 113 advanced to the finals Aug. 4-7 in Metinah, Ill.: Paul Moran of Scotch Plains, N.J., and Curtis Thatcher of Westchester, Pa., who had 75's; and Ron Nicol of the Scarsdale Golf Club, Don McDougall of Shinnecock Hills Golf Club, Southampton, L.I., and Dick Hendrickson of West Chester, Pa., all with 76's.
b-Includes income from discontinued operations of $13,245,000 for the quarter and $27,047,000 for the 6 months.
That sense of discipline is what Lou Holtz has imposed on the Notre Dame football program that had floundered under his predecessor, Gerry Faust, for five years.
''But it has crisp, spare direction, enormous momentum and a story full of twists and turns.
While Mr. Quaranta and Miss Saligeri were at the Met building models and ordering costume materials, Miss Frisell was commuting between New York and Chicago, where her production of ''Il Trovatore'' opened last year's Lyric Opera season.
''Those are elements that deserve consideration because you have team chemistry involved,'' he said.
Warnings are also hard for most people to understand.
In addition to the chardonnay, Mr. Frank has made 200 cases of a blanc de blanc sparkling wine that will be released in 1989.
''I needed street life, which has disappeared entirely where I live,'' he said.
sought evidence that Congressional or Pentagon officials might have accepted gifts from contractors.
Dextran sulfate was developed as a blood thinner and has been used in Japan for about 20 years to lower cholesterol and other fats in the blood.
''Insight/On Site,'' organized by Carol Becker Davis, the assistant director of the Hillwood Art Gallery on the C. W. Post campus, is an exhibition that set out to provide insight into the process of making sculpture.
The author's arguments should then be aimed at showing why concerns about possible overheating in the economy - and the Federal Reserve Board's moves to tighten monetary policy - are groundless.
There isn't this sense of great change.
In Sweden, modular housing accounts for nearly 90 percent of all residential housing; in Japan, the figure is more than 15 percent.
Two minutes later, Jordan, who had 24 points at the time, was back in the game entertaining the crowd with his one-on-one moves, his drives and his dunks.
It takes a degree of concentration that is phenomenal.''
The survey, which polled more than 1,000 teachers and 2,000 parents of public-school children, also indicated that parents in inner-city districts were less satisfied with the frequency of contact they had with schools, and parents with less than a high school education were twice as likely to feel awkward about approaching a teacher as a parent with more than four years of college.
Some lawyers said that going underground may underscore a husband's charge that a mother is vindictive, diminishing her chances of winning custody.
The Jura, in the northwest corner of Switzerland, is all wide, rolling valleys, good-sized climbs and descents and primal surroundings of unending green in the summer and gaudy colors in the fall.
Once a chic weekend retreat and still blessed by the absence of cars, it is popular with families who hire bicycles, wander aimlessly or simply drink beer and eat fish.
But this is still the best adult entertainment buy; the average price of a ticket is $18.
To the Editor: I always like to find educational issues debated in The Times, but not when the article potentially misleads or confuses.
Among the Italian painters who rode to fame several years ago on the wave of Neo-Expressionism, it is Mr. Chia whose reputation has suffered more than most.
In histories of German opera written by German nationalists, nascent German opera is on the side of the angels, with Italian opera consigned to the devil, as a sad instance of the suppression of vigorous native talent.
Israelis' shocked reaction to the U.S. step should come as no surprise.
I recall a male friend, the ''Speed Eater,'' who, when presented with a huge platter of steak intended for four people, demolished most of it while the rest of us were arranging our baked potatoes and salad.
It includes a $40 million term loan, replacing a current term loan with Security Pacific, and a $100 million revolving credit line, which converts to a term loan after three years.
To earn the money, they had attended class for five straight days, were on time, did the homework and brought their supplies.
The news conference marked the opening of a media campaign for the bond issue, which many state officials view as the only way to avoid, or at least forestall, the need to raise state taxes to pay for repairs and additions to the state's roads and bridges.
Michael S. Dukakis asserted today that the Reagan Administration's inability to persuade Gen. Manuel Antonio Noriega to cede power in Panama was another example of failed leadership in the White House.
After graduating from Haaren High School in Manhattan in 1934, he worked in a braid factory, and then as a postal carrier, before he joined the Police Department in December 1942.
Largely Forgotten As the chart performances of several recent albums demonstrates, pop stars who take long sabbaticals from recording risk coming back to find their audiences have depleted.
'Deplorable Facts' In a report to the Italian Senate Thursday night, Justice Minister Giuliano Vassalli said, ''This involves disagreeable, deplorable facts from which the Mafia cannot help but draw an advantage, no matter who is responsible.''
The American Assembly of Collegiate Schools of Business, which includes graduate schools among its members, and the Association of American Colleges sponsored the meeting.
But he threw only 25 times this afternoon, completing 13 for 116 yards.
The decision had been widely expected since Tuesday, when a court rejected its request for a 15 percent emergency rate increase.
Defenders of broad discretion say that murder, rape and armed robbery are almost always prosecuted and that individual prosecutors who misuse their powers of choice can be impeached or not re-elected.
''They won't see it until people start filing expense accounts.''
Fair warning from Senator Rudman.
'There's a new Bird record out, have you heard it?'
Although Treadway appeared to have no play, Shelby was called out for interference.
What we need really is regulation as in adoptions.''
The Ningxia Yinchuan Beijing Opera Troupe offers a fast-paced tale about a mythical monkey king; the Chicago-based Child's Play Touring Theater presents stories written by children, and solo acts include the ''Sesame Street'' song-and-dance man Bob McGrath and a Japanese candy sculptor, Masaji Terasawa, who tells stories and feeds his audiences with his sugary animal creations.
''If my life has a chance of changing this country, then I'm going to do it, then my death will be worthwhile.''
''At present, there's not a heck of a lot of reproduction or recruitment of new animals from the outside.''
The 73-year-old Mr. Williams, who has served three years of the term imposed in 1982 for attempted bribery, will be paroled Jan. 13, David Dorworth, chief analyst with the United States Parole Commission in Washington, said Wednesday.
Chief John Esposito was dismissed a few days after the tape was shown on television.
If, Mr. Levy says, the middle-class dream in 1984 required an income of $30,000 (in 1984 dollars), only 45 percent of husband-wife families qualified, a marked deterioration from 1973's 51 percent.
The police said the confrontation occurred during the arraignment of Mr. Sharpton and others on contempt charges from a Sept. 29 demonstration, which they called a ''day of outrage'' and which tied up traffic on the Manhattan Bridge.
New York City public schools again account for one-third of the 300 national semifinalists.
Gordon Lish's first novel, ''Dear Mr. Capote,'' which was cast in the form of a serial killer's letter to the author of ''In Cold Blood,'' was very much a bravura performance in this informal-monologue tradition.
General Electric Capital owns 37.5 percent of FGIC's common stock.
The Saudi missiles, which are not armed with nuclear warheads, would be of relatively little military use against Israel, the experts say.
''I walk an hour or two every morning in Central Park.''
He sells the family champagne stocks on the black market and betrays the cellar workers who catch him to the Gestapo.
If you go out and have three banana splits, you get pretty sick of banana splits, and television in the last few years has been like 150 banana splits.
On Aug. 2, two Beethoven duos, one for horn and piano, the other for clarinet and cello, lead to the Grande Serenade Concertante by Beethoven's student and lifelong friend, Carl Czerny, and at the Aug. 9 finale, it's Beethoven (the ''Magic Flute'' Variations), with ''Bonbons and Bravura'' by Haydn, Weber and Paganini.
There was also a role for the audience, which was asked to sing along in the reprises of a simple tune about Gombo.
He plans to be chief executive of a holding company with maybe five or ten employees, leaving the two units to operate in their regions much as before.
I have been in the Congress, and I've worked on these issues.
I.B.M., based in Armonk, N.Y., has also recently licensed software technology from Next Inc., the company formed by Apple co-founder Steven P. Jobs.
MY son, Jesse, no bigger than my thumb when I first set eyes on him with the aid of a sonogram about seven years ago, has been, for some time now, studying the martial art of tae kwon do.
In the wheels department, three bikelike motorcycles with puffy balloon tires, circa 1918, once owned by the actor Steve McQueen, enliven the display at Urban Archeology; and Gallery Vienna has a captivating, child-size wooden pedal car, circa 1930, painted maroon and fitted with working headlights and a rumble seat.
John O'Brien, Stamford commissioner of public works, said his city has a similar problem with automotive pollution.
It is opposed primarily by Syria, Libya, elements in Lebanon and dissident Palestinian groups based in Damascus.
But after April 1 the crowd drops off as it does almost everywhere.
Some Continental executives recalled that when they asked for the maintenance records for People Express's fleet, they were shown some haphazardly filled boxes of documents.
The graduate student finds night so interesting he's been studying it for nine years.
At Lyndhurst, the Gothic Revival mansion of the 19th-century financier Jay Gould at 635 South Broadway in Tarrytown, Victorian Christmas decorations are up through Dec. 31.
He said it would take considerable time to tow the Bonefish into port.
Cup officials said privately that they would have liked to give the races to Hialeah, widely regarded as the nation's prettiest track and one of the most historic.
The garlic sauce, however, was a timid imitation of that served with the snails.
Set to a dark and urgent score by Arvo Part, the dance was certainly the evening's most somber work.
The most critical target has been the young warriors of the tribe -known collectively as elmoran - who are forbidden to carry their spears in the towns or to wear their long elaborate braids caked with red ocher and fat.
''We didn't do that tonight,'' the coach said.
Thus, a higher rate of interdiction also would help to entrench the politically active smuggling gangs known collectively as the Medellin cartel.
ORGANIST HONORED After 45 years as organist and choirmaster at Christ Church in Bronxville, Robert G. Owen is retiring.
Because of airline deregulation and the reduction of today's airlines to only six major carriers through mergers and acquisitions, several United States cities are dominated by one carrier.
Specifically, if the campaign becomes a referendum on taxes, with Mr. Dukakis as a stand-in for taxes, both taxes and the Democrats will lose.
One Congressional aide predicted that Mr. Dingell would not take the Proxmire approach seriously.
The tray was a thin wooden board piled perilously high with koulourakia, the crusty bread rings smothered with sesame seeds that are hawked throughout the city.
Some of these officials, whose cooperation has been crucial in keeping the dollar stable, said they would like to see the deficit shrink by $35 billion, to $120 billion, in 1989.
* Terex Corp. is offering 1.15 million common shares at $14 a share through Drexel Burnham Lambert.
Own your own home, they say, because ''rents are expected to increase rapidly during the next few years.''
Procter & Gamble is awaiting Food and Drug Administration approval to use Olestra as a food additive.
''I call it the most expensive piggy bank in the world,'' said Joe Grasso of Longwood, Fla., who recently bought a 1941 Rol-A-Top for $2,000.
Does that mean we are to forget the millions (and the numbers are growing) who aren't?
A28 Michael Dukakis was heckled by abortion protesters during a speech in Niles, Ill.
''It can't have more than four items on it and they all have to be the same kind of thing.''
Mayor Eugene Sawyer, an alderman elevated to the city's top job after the death of Harold Washington, Chicago's first black mayor, launched his campaign to retain the post today.
''It's part of the game.
He thought the state beneath him.
I've always swum because I had goals out there.
Krzysztof Wrobel, a member of the strike committee, said by telephone that about 1,500 people, mostly relatives of strikers, gathered this afternoon at the foundry gate and were permitted by the police to meet and talk with their striking relatives inside.
Also, Albany Street (Route 27 west) bridge over the Raritan River between New Brunswick and Highland Park: Two of four lanes closed for redecking.
Ceremonies at National Palace On Sept. 17 rank-and-file soldiers ousted the Haitian leader, Lieut.
Don Koharski, a referee in the National Hockey League for 12 years, was bullied and insulted by Jim Schoenfeld, the coach of the New Jersey Devils, in a corridor leading to the locker rooms after a playoff game at the Meadowlands May on 13.
Yet for all its quick-paced, cinematic action, ''Vanished'' ultimately bears less of a resemblance to these films than to the stories and novels of Carson McCullers.
''You should have heard all the screaming.
But Bantam is one of the few American houses that own foreign publishing companies.
He denounced what he called the growing interventionism in the war on drugs, saying ''overzealous and unilateral measures are taken which threaten the stability of cooperative governments themselves.''
The next few minutes belonged to Simms and Mowatt.
The Red Cross began visiting Cuban prisons this week, and a United Nations team is scheduled to go to Cuba this summer at the invitation of Mr. Castro, mainly as a result of a two-year campaign in which the United States has been accusing him of extensive human rights abuses.
I've got the sitter, all right, but I also have the job.
Even the names and types of objects knitted at different periods become relevant.
So he knows whereof he speaks when he said co-op was invented in 1912 by the innovative maker of ''rustproof'' girdles that used whalebone stays instead of metal ones.
b-After a gain from an accounting change of $3,556,000.
''This is land nomads use for grazing, and there are also places in the highlands used in the winter by farmers from other areas.''
In his otherwise astute production, Mr. Brown occasionally verges on overstatement, as in his handling of the wife's protectiveness of property.
Mr. Laurie, who is properly performing his journalistic duty, is saying one thing, but the pictures say something else.
Holding the Line Yellowstone's biggest fire, called Clover Mist, had burned 31,500 acres in the eastern half of the park, Ms. Anzelmo said, adding that crews were trying to keep it from spreading to Shoshone National Forest, adjacent to Yellowstone.
Symboli Rudolph floundered on the course, suffered a tendon injury while finishing sixth in a field of seven, and never raced again.
The Public Relations Factor If there is no major financial difference, there are nonfinancial gains to abandoning Shoreham.
In addition to the well-known Houghton Mifflin dictionary, the company publishes a juvenile dictionary, a school dictionary, a college dictionary and specialized dictionaries for law, medicine and science.
The first-grade teacher she would go to at the end of the year was less than accepting of other faiths and skin color.
''It gives us the national distribution system through which Pet can offer additional fresh refrigerated products.''
The Scholls were in fact an aberration in a Germany that overwhelmingly embraced Nazism.
Peter Oosterhuis of England, who was on the PGA Tour for 16 years, had the best score for nine holes with a 31 on the front nine this morning.
Ms. Senior is a writer who shares with the Antiguan Jamaica Kincaid and the Barbadian Paule Marshall the ability to merge island syntax with British inflection.
At issue is the Reagan Administration's demand that each side have the right to take direct on-site measurements of any blast that is greater than 50 kilotons.
Friday's resolution was a compromise worked out after private negotations between the two countries that included an exchange of letters between President Reagan and the Colombian President, Virgilio Barco.
The issue, which had been tentatively scheduled to be priced for the past two weeks, met with heavy resistance from potential investors.
Indeed, in its weekly report, issued Thursday, the Federal Centers for Disease Control said preschoolers in playgrounds were protected by fewer safety precautions than workers at construction sites.
The partnership also elected as vice chairman Leonard Harris, recently retired director of corporate relations for The New York Times Company.
While the soldiers were telling her they wanted to take Mr. Delvalle, he escaped out a back door, the officials said.
Recent negative indicators have included a huge buildup in unsold inventories in the fourth quarter, as well as slower employment growth and a rise in inflation at the producer level in January.
As for ocean disposal, E.P.A.
Nicaragua has dragged its difficult way through seven years of unjustifiable attack without resorting to terror, torture, deaths or ''disappeareds,'' and with no visible diminution in the boisterous expression of its citizens' highly varied points of view.
''Once he heard about it,'' Marshall said of Payton, ''he was calling all over talking to my friends, trying to find me.
While running for mayor as a reformer, they say, he won Mr. Esposito's promise to support him secretly in exchange for what Mr. Esposito took ''to mean patronage - that he could pick commissioners as he had at the start of the Beame administration, that clubhouse loyalists who had high-level jobs in city agencies would keep them in a Koch administration.''
'One-Taxi Company' Having the settlement house as a home theater gave burgeoning choreographers like Mr. Louis and Miss Lamhut a chance to grow and enough experience to form their own companies.
Howard J. Rubenstein, the Bernsteins' spokesman, called seeking his support.
Ahold, the largest food retailer in the Netherlands, has named Pierre J. Everaert, the head of its big American unit, as its next president.
Mr. Jackson has made it clear that he no longer has any relationship with Mr. Farrakhan.
A fearful queen, strongly acted by Svetlana Voskresenskaya, looks like Queen Guinevere while Rothbart, Valery Trofimchuk, could be Merlin.
The budget for Project Chance has grown, too, from $36 million in 1986 to $63 million this year.
The provision in question states that a single vote of all shareholders is required when Media General would survive as an entity in a takeover, Mr. Brodsky said.
Several police officers from Midtown North who were posted on the corner of 46th Street and Eighth Avenue yesterday afternoon, said that if they treated criminals the way the Guardian Angels did, they would be arrested themselves.
''Boys,'' which is playing at the Lamb's Theater near Times Square, has a movie deal, and ''Oil City Symphony'' has been doing good business at the Circle in the Square Downtown.
There is a $15 cover charge tonight and tomorrow, a $12.50 cover on Sunday, and a two-drink minimum for all performances.
Firms will understand the importance of keeping a close eye on their people.
''But to have been a part of that team,'' he said of the squad of stars that gathered here July 12, ''that was a tremendous honor.
''Waste Management's Recovery I landfill operations were not and could not have been the source of any mercury contamination in the bayou and now the Fish and Wildlife Service is saying no significant contamination of the bayou has occurred.''
She has chosen to write about what she calls the ''over-60, getting-into-70's group'' - in this case, men and women, couples, friends, almost all of them transplanted Easterners like Ms. Adams, who talk about their relationships, have problems with them, cope with the death of loved ones and begin new liaisons in a bid for a perhaps illusory ''second chance.''
The action follows the decision in late May to place a similar duty on the makers of dot matrix computer printers.
Magritte's ''Song of the Violet,'' from 1951, brought $1.32 million.
Shamrock said earlier this month that it owned 8 percent of Polaroid's shares, and it received clearance today from the Federal Trade Commission to acquire 50 percent or more of the company.
Even for all of that, Collins is the starter and Haddix's tests begin Saturday in Green Bay, Wis., when the Giants begin their preseason schedule against the Packers.
To the Editor: The availability at this holiday time of a $20 dog perfume and an $18 cologne for the male dog may delight the dog fancier as well as the indulgent etymologist, who may or may not also be a cynophilist (''Coping With Pets at Holiday Time,'' Consumer's World, Dec. 3).
Bush and his Administration every inch of the way'' to begin the cleanup.
Preparing the Officials With the National Basketball Association adding a third official for the upcoming season, the league is using this week, and several other similar summer camps, to prepare its officials for the change.
Both candidates had flown back from Iowa for a Senate vote on aid to the Nicaraguan rebels and, in a lull for a roll-call, the Kansas Senator approached Mr. Bush at the presiding officer's desk, thrust a memorandum before the Vice President and began speaking harshly.
Many do, and should, try to protect citizens' rights under the Constitution - the right, for example, to counsel and to fair trial.
The Pentagon was swamped with the task of managing so huge and costly a buildup.
Last week the Saudis severed diplomatic relations with Teheran, and a few days ago King Fahd threatened to use newly acquired Chinese-made intermediate-range missiles in self-defense against Iran if necessary.
The issue at the moment is fishing, but it is an example of the difficulty encountered as Spain and Portugal proceed toward full integration into the European Community in 1992.
The typically masculine efforts I make to please my very feminine wife are just such proofs, and so are the care and acknowledgment she gives me.
Magill, 67, had a record of 706-183 in dual matches.
Jordan suppressed an interview in which Mr. Shultz defended Israel's security needs.
''My legs were so sore,'' he explained, ''I just thought it would be easier sliding that way.''
PRIZE PICNICS There are those who picnic and there are those who Picnic.
To the Editor: In ''Painless Tax for New York Commuters'' (editorial, Feb. 12), you speak favorably of Mayor Koch's request to increase the commuter tax to pay for New York City services (police and fire protection, I suspect).
Scientists say that a system with many players, such as a trading system, is subject to moments of chaotic behavior that are not understood.
''A huge, untapped market is waiting to be cultivated jointly by the country's biggest newspaper conglomerate and its largest film-leasing concern.''
Among other things, they cited the craftiness of Mr. Litman, the absence of a clear motive in the slaying and Mr.
''I want to give people the enjoyment, the love I have for dance, which is as much as anyone could have in a relationship.
The Yankee owner said Winfield's recently published autobiography would disrupt team unity, and he suggested that the player's physical attributes might be diminishing.
Randy Myers worked the final two innings for his 16th save.
And no savvy host will ignore the practical, whether it is as simple as colorful paper napkins or as striking as a handsome stainless-steel percolator that makes up to 55 cups of coffee.
Seeking a Contrast ''If we are going to present a solo exhibition in 1990, the art should be in great contrast to its predecessors,'' said Ned Rifkin, chief curator of exhibitions at the Hirshhorn Museum in Washington and a member of the advisory committee.
At Blackstone, Mr. Stockman, 41 years old, who was the White House budget director from 1981 to 1985, will be the fifth general partner of the merchant banking firm, which has raised $650 million recently to invest in friendly takeover deals.
Now a consultant to Baxter, Mr. Sweeney and other home-care proponents would like to adapt ''interactive'' telemonitoring developed for astronauts in the space program.
has been so designated and all parties will be proceeding to move the on-site tenants into these renovated units.
''We were blown away,'' Dr. Lundberg said.
In New York, the dollar sank to 126.79 yen, from 127.29 yen late Friday.
''I was glad after I saw Ehrig's time; I thought I could beat it,'' said van Gennip, who was embraced by Ehrig after the race.
''What worries me is where is he that we don't know about,'' Mr. Cole said.
Under the resolution, a United Nations force of 7,000 troops would supervise elections for a Namibian assembly.
Except on one cut, ''Good Enough,'' Ms. Baker, whose jazz-flavored pop-gospel singing is strongly influenced by Sarah Vaughan and Nancy Wilson, consciously resisted moving further toward jazz on her new album.
He appointed a committee to survey the field after Super Tuesday and make a recommendation.
Richard Cheney - Chairman, Hill and Knowlton.
Martell's Cordon Argent is in the same age category.
When asked what they are telling their home offices about Michael S. Dukakis, foreign diplomats are likely to say they do not interfere in America's affairs and move toward the canape tables.
If the purchases of the securities are arranged so that they do not mature until after your grandchildren reach age 14, most of the accrued income they produce will be taxed at the children's rate.
But it will exclude several dozen people labeled as Communists or radical leftists, and so Mr. Roh's action may not fully satisfy human-rights activists.
The San Francisco Giants obtained Dave Dravecky, Craig Lefferts and Kevin Mitchell from the San Diego Padres on July 4 for Mark Davis, Chris Brown, Mark Grant and Keith Comstock.
Consider a remark last Friday by Republican vice-presidential candidate Danforth Quayle.
Since 1955, when Coach Art Lewis's Mountaineers gained their third consecutive triumph over Penn State, the Nittany Lions have met West Virginia every year and lost only once.
Even if a majority of their leadership would agree to peace with Israel, there will always be some Palestinians who will reject it outright, and others who will accept it at first but will later publish poems or declarations calling for the elimination of our Jewish state.
Purifying Water With Ultraviolet Light Tap water in many foreign countries often contains stomach-churning organisms that can ruin a vacation.
Although generations of wealthy Americans have grown up with foreign-born nannies, until recently it was rare for middle-class families to hire nannies.
One is the Hostellerie des Trois Forces, with 12 bungalows and a restaurant, in the hills at Vitet.
That company, a marketer of data base software, built revenues to $25 million and was sold in 1985 to Information Resources Inc. for $47 million.
The intensity of his April 30 appearance against the Mets, in which he hit Tim Teufel to begin a fight that involved Strawberry, was not a factor last night.
's $18 billion reserve added to the common insurance pool.
He said afterward that was part of his effort to improve the zoned schools because of the perception that there were two classes of high school education in the city, special schools, to which students apply for admission, and the zoned schools, which must accept students who live in their neighborhoods.
Written Notice of Rights The legislation would force the I.R.S.
Unlike aspirin, however, they are not sold over the counter in a neighborhood pharmacy.
Nine Republicans Dissent Nine of the committee's 15 Republican members filed a dissenting statement, in which they supported the Reagan Administration's opposition to judicial review for veterans.
Andreas Brown of the Gotham Book Mart, who handles the sales of living authors' manuscripts, said the going rate for a minor author's work is between $5,000 and $10,000.
She is a seasoned political operative who emerged in Presidential politics in 1980, when she proved a relentless negotiator on behalf of Senator Edward M. Kennedy of Massachusetts in shaping the Democratic platform.
He has tried for a year to buy organic produce from California to sell in the off season, but has had difficulty finding suppliers.
When all is said and done, Tyson the warrior will channel his frustration into a pounding of Spinks.
Controls on foreign investment already exist.
It includes early folk songs of New England and the South and the music of Joplin, Gershwin, Bacharach and the Beatles, all tied together with commentary.
Aouita already had the best ever in the two-mile event at 8:13.45.
''However, I don't think there's one commissioner who feels that this is not a very sensitive area.''
Rain and cooler temperatures blessed the Middle West and South last week, giving hundreds of thousands of farmers hope that their withered crops might recover from the worst drought in half a century.
Over the weekend, the police reported 23 shootings and 17 bombings across Northern Ireland that injured 12 members of the security forces and at least 4 civilians.
Nothing so invigorated the coming of the majors to the Pacific Coast as the recurring sight of Stu Miller, the Giant pitcher, striking out the 6-foot 7-inch Dodger behemoth Frank Howard by throwing him changeups that transformed Howard into a housewife flailing at a moth with her broom.
Harsh measures by the National Party Government in recent weeks in restricting anti-apartheid groups appeared to have had little effect in dissuading white voters from switching to the Conservatives.
The telephone company won the main battle.
Adam and Barbara turn up in all sorts of ghastly incarnations, including headless and skinless, but the self-absorbed new owners look right through them.
I planned to fill the box with little sweaters, blankets and other things I would make.
One would never guess at Mr. Milken's almost legendary image by looking at him.
New characters were created, including Judge Doom.
Fears of a Rightward Shift As he prepares his plan to close the budget gap as well as a budget for next year, when the state's fiscal problems could be even worse, Governor Cuomo does not seem particularly worried about the test he faces.
''I call it an electronic brochure,'' said Ed Lechtzin, a spokesman for Chevrolet.
They say that there is no chance of a direct American invasion of Nicaragua and that it will be impossible to rebuild a new rebel army if the contras are disarmed.
THE CITADEL With Robert Donat (in photo), Rosalind Russell (in photo), Ralph Richardson and Rex Harrison.
What's it like to be chairman of the board of a school that is flush with resources?
When Mikhail S. Gorbachev dined at the White House last month, he was only the Jewish leader invited.
But these were exceptions, and many other requests were handled graciously and rapidly.
Erosion is rampant in Louisiana, which has 40 percent of the nation's wetlands and its worst coastal erosion.
The April campaign of '88 is behind me.
But some Washington lawmakers have expressed fear that the money could be used to bolster the Soviet military and make Moscow an even more formidable adversary.
On most biking tours in Europe, riders leave their boxes at their first hotel and collect them at the end of the trip.
It said the system would be provided without charge to current owners of its most advanced mainframes.
Some scientists had objected to the mineralization concept, arguing that bony tissues were too dense to allow crystals to form within.
Modern hybridizers have created additional shades and enlarged the blossom size.
Charles Landon, a salesman of electronic goods, drove over to the Universe of You to purchase the InnerQuest, which he said produces ''very intense'' colors and is ''a great tool for centering.''
Affected models include the 1984-86 Caprice, Caprice Classic, Custom Cruiser, Le Sabre, DeVille, '98, Estate Wagon, Parisienne and Park Avenue.
''The capos went back one at a time,'' the informer said, ''and discussed busines with Gambino.''
He noted that the Reagan Administration had ordered American companies to leave Libya and had imposed other sanctions because of that country's terrorist activities.
Morris explained that he was angry, not just at the criticism he took, but at the Giants' fall into last place after their Super Bowl championship season and the fan criticism of the team.
William Carden (Alex) builds reasonably well to his cry of pain: ''I don't know how to feel.''
He was formerly the first deputy corporation counsel of Yonkers and special counsel to the Yonkers law department.
That agency's blessing for a settlement would be crucial, because Drexel expects that an agreement with the United States Attorney in Manhattan must include admissions of several felony counts, which would automatically bar the firm from certain trading activities unless it could get a waiver from the S.E.C.
The 14 brick-over-cinderblock structures, on 185th and 186th Streets off Henderson Avenue, went up in the early 50's as inexpensive Government-insured rental housing.
Then he moved on to Princeton, loosening up a future senator with earthy sayings, vulgar noises, frequent beer stops and wandering around in the dead of winter without a coat.
Ronald Grimaldi of Rose Cumming Inc. found floral upholstered chairs and a Tiffany-style lamp for his Victorian Parlor.
But I didn't want to come out.
''They become driven by the desire to make it succeed,'' said Mr. Jump, who is also the local vice chairman of the Prince's trust.
Among individual issues, Monsanto plummeted 7 1/8, to 78 5/8, on a volume of more than 3.6 million shares, as the Big Board's biggest dollar loser and most active issue.
The camera tends to look up at Danny, making him seem like a looming hero.
Maurice ***(Dec. 19, 1986), Hotel Parker Meridien, 118 West 57th Street (245-7788) - This French restaurant is luxuriously decorated with mirrored panels, painted floral murals and Oriental-style rugs.
For years the Village of Hempstead assumed, as most Long Island communities do today, that the economy is a static entity.
Returning to the international arena, where he has had some flashy successes, the Rev.
Is this not at the very least a prescription for an educational dictatorship, for taking St. John's College of Annapolis, Md., where education consists solely of reading a selected list of largely premodern great books, as the model for all higher education?
The Milan-based bank, which has been a friendly suitor, had said it would not sweeten its offer before the board meeting.
'Mistakes Were Not Crucial' The admiral acknowledged that ''mistakes were made on board Vincennes that day,'' but emphasized the confusing combat situation rather than human error, and said that Iran was at fault for letting a civilian plane fly into a war zone.
Like other changes suggested by Mr. Gorbachev in the last three years, the measures approved this week are likely to encounter resistance as they are instituted, and there is no guarantee they will in the end have the impact intended.
Then apply a generous dab of cement to the underside of the curled edges and press the shingle flat.
And the pound fell to $1.70675 in New York, from $1.7202 on Monday.
A group of judges that makes policy for the Federal courts is urging the House to consider impeaching Federal District Judge Walter L. Nixon of Mississippi, who is scheduled to go to prison for perjury next Wednesday.
First, everyone pitched in to take care of the household chores.
His friends assert that he meant his virus to live quietly in the computers it invaded, and that only because he committed a programming error did the virus multiply so fast as to choke its hosts.
But you do not let the cheerleaders pick the coach.
Questions appear on page 18.
He doesn't participate in the story of Tomas, Sabina, Tereza and the others.
Earnings of 6 Cents a Share Mr. Swanson said that the earnings for the quarter, which ends this month, would be about 6 cents a share, the same as in the third quarter of 1987, before TPA was on the market.
We'll grow rich in grace and wisdom.''
In part, aides to Mr. Cuomo seem to hope that the Rohatyn name will lend credibility in their fight with the Legislature.
The Gulfstream track often yields extraordinarily fast times in sprint races and substantially slower ones in races run around two turns, and that is what happened Saturday.
The banker raced home not to see his family but to be at the telephone by 6:30, when his bookmaker opened for business.
Columbia cut the deficit to 18-13 on Steve Livingston's layup midway through the half, but the Rams answered with an 11-2 spurt, capped by a Parrotta tap-in.
Lincoln Center for the Performing Arts began selling gift certificates last week.
Cowards really do die a thousand deaths.''
''Major changes in energy expenses can thus increase or decrease housing affordability significantly.''
Mr. Clausen said, however, that BankAmerica's level of reserves for such loans, 29 percent, was in line with other big banks that intend to remain long-term lenders to such nations.
Aqueduct officials are seeking to overturn that decision, which stems from the contention of Yonkers-area Offtrack Betting shops that the simulcasts are costing them revenues.
It has given him tremendous exposure; the daytime, network version of ''Wheel,'' which made its debut in 1974, has been NBC's most watched game show for the last five years, and the syndicated ''Wheel,'' now shown six nights a week, has the highest viewership of any syndicated program in America.
One of them, Richard Hivey, characterized the meeting scheduled for this morning as a ''status report.''
A young prince's search for a missing sorcerer.
The A320 is the first aircraft designed for traditional commercial operations to rely mainly on electronic commands sent via electrical wiring to control the airplane.
A6 The British postal strike has hurt the nation's economy but has not stopped determined correspondents, who are switching to facsimile transmission and private messengers and paying bills with bank transfers.
To the Editor: Ne Win's coup in Burma 26 years ago was not ''bloodless,'' as stated in your news account of July 24 following his departure from power.
Drawings for the project are on view at the Max Protetch gallery.
Mr. Bush put away Senator Bob Dole of Kansas and a trio of conservative opponents largely because he was Ronald Reagan's loyal lieutenant and obvious successor.
Sales representatives at Paragon Cable said they had no idea what caused their service problems, or how many customers were affected, and said no official would be available to answer such questions until later today.
Jesse Jackson's dramatic sweep in this state's Democratic Presidential caucuses provided a vivid demonstration of the growth in his political support since 1984.
Mr. Nordyke, who testified before the Senate Foreign Relations Committee, said his assessment was a personal view.
fails to act within a year.
If many on Wall Street are wondering what role Mr. Liebowitz will have in the future of Texaco, it is because they have seen him turn a company that operated one Sunoco station in 1955 into what is today a major marketer of petroleum products.
was just too much for Ljubojevic to withstand.
The market in Taiwan and Korea was established long before any trade negotiations, and they're going to smoke whether the U.S. is exporting cigarettes or not.''
Contrary to expectations, this is not at all the provincial group that reports from Britain had not only intimated but also insisted upon.
The institute will continue to operate in his absence, she said, and the college will consider extending the sabbatical if Father Fox requests it.
The project, which is being proposed as a joint venture with the city of Moscow, would include such attractions as a miniature golf course, a zoo and an indoor roller coaster.
Mr. Boesky's investment company, which paid an average of $20 a share, still owns 8 percent of the stock.
Others say manipulating the numbers has become routine.
Environmental officials have had difficulty determining exactly how much damage was caused by the spill because they have found only a few pockets of bunker oil on the bottom.
But now the 699 acres of Yongsan form the one undeveloped patch in the center of a city bursting at the seams, blaring with the sound of horns and the boom of construction.
Alan Haworth scored for Quebec at 7:01, but Ellett restored the Jets' two-goal margin just 25 seconds later.
Stock prices climbed strongly yesterday in a late rally spurred by a steep rise in bond prices.
Boston Nonconformists Throwing Muses and Pixies, the Ritz, 119 East 11th Street (254-2800).
''Our first step will be to decompress the hospitals,'' said Dr. Molly Joel Coye, the state Health Commissioner.
In response to the ad, which suggested that Americans leave the country to delay paying their Federal income taxes, the Internal Revenue Service changed a provision in the law that gave taxpayers who plan to be out of the country April 15 two months extra to pay.
Stephens trains both Cefis, the favorite in the Tampa Bay Derby at Tampa Bay Downs, and Digress, the likely choice in the What a Pleasure at Calder.
Winter Shoe Sale: Still Lower Prices The Shoe Horn in New Rochelle and in Mamaroneck has a winter sale at an additional 20 to 50 percent off its former discount prices on fashion and quality name-brand boots, shoes and handbags.
A1 A retired senior editor of a newspaper owned by the family of Senator Dan Quayle said he had used his influence to help Mr. Quayle enter the National Guard at the height of the draft for the Vietnam War.
However, because Mr. Mamet is essentially a comic writer.
It may just make the code makers a little more cautious.
''A cease-fire alone cannot stop the war,'' he said, ''but it can suspend it temporarily, to allow it to be resumed worse than before.''
The pace of construction of the 65,000-unit obligation remaining with suburban and rural communities is unclear.
The new President may be able to tip that balance decisively over the next four years.
Now, she said, an annual child language conference at Boston University draws 300 people.
Value of Scouting Reports ''That's a long time not to play,'' the coach said.
Stock-index futures rose strongly on the Chicago Mercantile Exchange.
Flexible response has been the mainstay of NATO strategy since the 1960's.
has found itself continuously on the defensive about the computers.
Much like James Taylor, who is also from North Carolina, he imbues every lyric with an aura of deep, serious nostalgia for a picture-perfect rustic never-never land of social and romantic harmony.
So that is the essence of what Reagan really did.
''I'd had comp rooms before, but never a suite.
To the Editor: Despite Cyrus R. Vance and Joseph J. Sisco (Op-Ed, March 20), Resolution 242 is not crystal clear.
Its precedents are things like 'The Hustler,' 'Midnight Cowboy' and 'Dog Day Afternoon.'
Courted by handsome, colorful, glossy brochures (''McDonald's-style advertising''?)
Mr. Solomon also said that Shearson was considering raising a fund of several hundred million dollars from major financial institutions to co-invest in the merchant banking transactions that Shearson arranges.
- - Jerry J. Jasinowski, chief economist, National Association of Manufacturers.
The settlement was established by Samson Occum, an Indian who had been a minister and a teacher to many tribes.
Both looked up as I entered.
Some played cards; others slept.
The employee said Mrs. Marcos often dines there.
His tie was loosened and what was once a neatly pressed white shirt was now wrinkled and in need of laundering.
He used to let us play and draw and he taught us about the world and the sun.
''It's the end of a broadcasting legend,'' said Jim Collins, assistant operations manager, who helped put together a 90-minute program featuring celebrated moments at the station, NBC's flagship radio operation for 62 years.
Employment also increased, for the fourth month, by a small amount.
(The International Business Machines Corporation, which makes most of its own memory chips, recently completed a series of price increases on almost all its products, for unrelated reasons.)
That's just what happened in Hong Kong, the only major exchange to halt trading before the regular close of business on Oct. 19.
Even among those who said they did not want Mr. Jackson for Vice President, an overwhelming majority, 76 percent, said he could help the Democratic standardbearer by playing a ''prominent role'' in the party during the Presidential campaign.
Sales of American-made cars and light trucks fell 13.4 percent in mid-August.
HUGH L. CAREY, 69, executive vice president, W.R. Grace & Company.
NEVER HAPPENETH FEELING SORRY FOR Presidential dropouts, I wrote about bad luck and bad timing, adding: ''But time and chance happeneth to us all.''
Leasing Modular Classrooms This year, Forbes, an elementary school in Torrington, leased two modular classrooms, or portables, to go outside the school, and the board will ask townspeople to approve plans to purchase more portables as needed.
In March 1986, President Reagan nominated him to be United States Attorney.
Perhaps, again, it does have to do with Mr. Oundjian's impact, but that impact may be entirely a matter of personal chemistry and talent, totally irrespective of cultural origins.
Huge Hall Was Necessary This week's ballet, created as a tribute to the late French writer and culture minister Andre Malraux, was first presented by Mr. Bejart in Brussels in 1986.
''But there's something else going on.
''Each appearance costs about the same as a one-minute commercial at the same hour,'' he said.
''If a company with 400,000 employees knocks at Bonn's door, what Government could possibly fail to support it? ''
Military officials said clashes erupted today in Rafa and the Jabaliya refugee district in the Gaza Strip.
The differences between the two sides over how much ''Star Wars'' testing should be allowed is still great.
Leaders Trade Charges Mr. Duarte has previously accused Arena's founder, Roberto d'Aubuisson, of being a Nazi and more recently has charged him with being involved in the killing of the Roman Catholic Archbishop of El Salvador, Oscar Arnulfo Romero, in 1980.
Ms. Carrion said the Chancellor was looking for ways to address such problems as the high dropout rate among Hispanic students.
They picked up the pace, threw harder, fungoed the ball with more authority, and then came over toward me, Lou talking loudly.
A breakdown of a similar seal has been blamed for the explosion two years ago that destroyed the shuttle Challenger, and a success in today's test would be a major step toward resuming shuttle flights, now scheduled for August.
But Mr. Abrams said he doubted that the Sandinistas would comply with the accord, signed March 23 in the Nicaraguan village of Sapoa, and said the Administration would publicize violations to make sure they adhere to it.
He also scored great successes onstage in ''A Soldier for Christmas'' and, in 1944, as Matt Burke, one of his all-time favorite roles, in O'Neill's ''Anna Christie.''
He is, for example, a passionate golfer, out on the links as often as possible, aggressive, capable of shooting close to par when the bet is right.
In denying bail to Mr. Steinberg in August, Justice Rothwax said that based on grand jury testimony, the defendant ''probably is guilty, probably will be found guilty and, therefore, probably will be sentenced to life imprisonment.''
Smith/Greenland appears to be breaking new ground with its ad for Johnnie Walker Red, scheduled to run in USA Today next Tuesday.
Capital Cities/ABC Inc. reported yesterday that its first-quarter earnings had almost tripled as a strong performance by its cable and television station operations had offset weak results at the ABC Television Network.
Japan is the biggest importer of American farm products, particularly grain.
''You shouldn't reward someone for doing what they're already under a contract obligation to do.''
Other county members of the Decades include the trombonist Milton Kabak of Yonkers, who worked with Louis Prima and Stan Kenton in the 1940's, and the trombonist Wyn Walshe, of Edgemont, who played with the Les Elgart band and now occasionally plays with the Yonkers Pops and the Westchester Band under Joseph Albright.
Municipal bond offerings this year are expected to decline slightly from the $99 billion offered in 1987, which in turn was down sharply from more than $200 billion in 1985.
(Rep.) GLENN ENGLISH Member of Congress, 6th Dist., Okla. Washington, Sept. 8, 1988
What he keeps unfolding, however, is not the reality but a legendary scroll of a country stuck between famine and rage, flowing with vodka and suffering from agricultural failure.
To Keep or Not to Keep The Mets are among several teams that have to decide in the next few weeks whether or not to exercise options in players' contracts for next season.
Traders said there was no reaction to a separate report that showed factory orders down 3.5 percent in July, the worst drop in 18 months.
When there are images of fossils, there is ambivalence, and there is something that matters.
My first thought: The agencies representing young'uns must be doing a walloping business these days.
Richard P. Kusserow, the department's inspector general, said the misrepresentations cost the Government more than $300 million a year.
A chicken scratched the dirt floor, and a cage held one of the partridges that Afghans train to fight.
The people of Claybelle care more about the Texas Christian University football team, the Horned Frogs, than they do about Mussolini's invasion of Ethiopia.
Writer's Prep is boot camp for writers.
Weeks This On Week List Nonfiction 1 3 THE CLOSING OF THE AMERICAN MIND, by Allan Bloom.
''Ruth's death was an indication of a policy of physical elimination, and I even sensed that my car would be the vulnerable spot for me,'' he said, falling silent when a nurse arrived to give pain killers.
Maurice Howard, a police spokesman.
And by then I also wanted to try to win all four major titles in the same year.
A1 Sikh militants were trapped in the Golden Temple in Amritsar by Indian troops who swiftly occupied a strategic point high above the sprawling complex, where scores of the extremists are demonstrating.
''This is a small enough state where politicians can become known personally, where a relationship can really be established,'' said Peter Martin, executive vice president of WCAX-TV in Burlington, the largest television station in the state.
''But it is also true that as storytellers they are unencumbered by the idea of motivation.''
Her mother, Annesley Swicker, is a teacher of gifted children in the advanced learning program of the Westfield public schools.
Building activity rose to a seasonally adjusted annual rate of $407.1 billion in May after a dip of 0.2 percent in April.
''The key thing is, this is a group of people who serve you all year, who are responsible for your security, and you want to be generous to them,'' said Margaret Newborg, vice president of Fuchs, Cuthrell & Company, an executive outplacement firm in New York, and past president of the Financial Women's Association of New York.
While a public meeting organized by the London trades in support of the North prompted The Times of London to write: ''The members of trades unions would have a natural bias toward the North; other classes have insensibly acquired a leaning toward the South.''
But the historical dimension of those events is largely irrelevent to that enterprise.
The stage beckons; the audience is eager.
''And then he walked away and made a profound statement that was loud enough that I'm sure Billy heard it.
Alexander, who missed the game against the Colts because of a calf-muscle injury, was given a 50-50 chance of playing.
Take college courses, find ways to develop any skills or talents you already have.
One way to read the accompanying chart is that while American shares were historically more expensive than ever in the period before last year's market collapse, even expressed in yen terms, they are now relatively cheap.
Virtually all of Mcorp's estimated loss resulted from adding $57 million from revenues to the loss reserve.
So real estate - except for a home - may not be an appropriate investment for an elderly retired couple with limited resources to invest, for example.
Serbians for the most part echoed the passionate language of the rallies, which began in July.
Member of Class of '36 Mrs. Buttenwieser and her husband of 59 years, Benjamin J., who is 87 years old, greeted friends and well wishers and awaited the start of the show, ''Oh, Pioneer!''
As one of Mr. Mansouri's most stalwart advocates, Tully M. Friedman, the company's board president and chief executive officer, put it the other day: ''If there was any question we had about Lotfi, it was about how innovative he would be.
And the Football Association in Natal Province has directed its soccer teams not to play in Boksburg.
What that may be is like those heads floating down the river.
Herbert Ross's celebration of ballet in general and of Mikhail Baryshnikov in particular is something like a sequel to his earlier movie ''The Turning Point,'' Janet Maslin said in The Times.
The indictments, handed up Thursday, including stealing money from the mail, forging signatures and buying and selling stolen property.
In his fifth term as manager, Martin considered Santana to be a shortstop Lou Piniella, the Yankee general manager, had obtained over his objections.
''He made us sup sorrow with a long spoon,'' Kathleen Behan wrote of slum poverty half a century ago in her memoirs, ''Mother of All the Behans.''
'' Elsewhere, Mr. Ferris offers us a portrait of Sir Isaac Newton in all his eccentricity, concluding: ''Elected to Parliament, he is said during the 1689-1690 session to have spoken but once, when, feeling a draft, he asked an usher to close the window.
Two houses in the village of Deir Amar and four in the Jalazun refugee center were blown up, the Army spokesman said.
''The drug had to be taken in the last several weeks to produce the suppression,'' Dr. Dugal said, adding that the tests could not determine the dose, regimen or whether the drug was taken as pills or injection.
And the opinion of all of the 27 speakers was that the generalizations made by Comrade Yeltsin concerning various aspects of activity of the Central Committee, the activity of the Secretariat, the Politburo, that opinion was wrong.
Different plants were introduced to the chambers, and their ability to absorb the contaminant was usually measured at intervals of 6 and 24 hours.
Beyond the island's perimeter are three more sculptures: Donald Lipski's 800-pound spherical buoy that for some reason hasn't buckled the wheelbarrow that it is parked in; Mary Carlson's two sets (one sculpture) of giant concrete fingers emerging from the pebbles surrounding a group of rocks; and, distributed at intervals on a rocky incline, Chris Cantwell's paired shapes (one sculpture) reminiscent of trees or coral that are made of concrete but are painted to look like oxidized bronze.
For example, there is a 3 percent limit on how far the index can move in any one day, though the exchanges may alter those limits in extraordinary times.
But Cadigan said he had come by his size easily.
Declines on the New York Stock Exchange, at 1,106, outnumbered the 458 issues that advanced.
* CMF International, Evendale, Ohio, a joint venture between General Electric Co. and Snecma of France, said that the Swedish carrier Linjeflyg had made a $75 million order for six Boeing 737 aircraft with an option for an additional six aircraft.
But asked whether she would revise her historical assessments, she answered with a confidence that bordered on defiance: ''I'm not going to change one sentence, one word.
In West Germany, where corporate takeovers are few and invariably friendly, the largest publishing empire on the European continent has become the target of what is being viewed as the country's first hostile takeover attempt.
The Mets, who blasted Herzog's pitching for 14 runs Saturday, blasted away again today.
''Recognition,'' he says, ''still is nice.''
Maxine Sisson, owner of Maxi a la Carte in Sebastopol, Calif., cultivates 15 species of flowers, and her three-year-old company supplies floral fare to restaurants in the region, including John Ash & Company, Restaurant Matisse, Truffles, Sonoma Mission Inn and Greens.
A Lively Tabloid ''One thing you can be certain of is we'll be back on Dec. 2,'' Mr. Harber said as he sat on a desk of the newspaper's spartan newsroom.
''The Gramercy site,'' he said, ''is in Longo's district,'' a reference to Councilman Nicholas Longo.
Mr. Gumina, a graduate of Boston University, is a systems analyst at the Bank of Boston.
B3 Access to court records in the case of Meade Esposito, the former Brooklyn Democratic leader, has been given to news organizations.
Rates for two are generally from $100 to $150, with breakfast and including tax and service.
''I have had occasion to reflect on the astonishing journey I have been privileged to make from the banks of the Rock River to this glorious site overlooking the mighty Pacific.''
In an open two-hour exchange, Mr.
''Peanuts,'' ''Beetle Bailey'' and ''Hagar the Horrible'' are among those represented, some of them for sale.
Mr. Morgenthau said Mr. Evans had apparently taken the transcript out of curiosity.
Before you buy a gas grill, ask if it can be delivered assembled, if you don't want to put it together yourself.
But with more experience and the development of improved catheters, doctors have used balloon angioplasty in patients with blockages in more than one coronary artery.
Containing Esiason and the Bengals' offense, ranked No.
Today's report also showed that the savings rate - personal savings as a percentage of disposable personal income - fell to 3.8 percent in the second quarter, a level somewhat below the 4.35 percent average of the two preceding quarters but still well above the 2.25 percent level of 1987's second and third quarters.
The Air Force said two of the fighters collided over Bodenheim, about six miles south of the city of Mainz, and crashed in an empty field near some houses.
W. Dolson Smith, an analyst with Prescott, Ball & Turben, said: ''If you time your investment correctly, you can get some very superior performance from these stocks.
Mr. Oppenheimer, who had been a distinguished visiting professor of poetry and poet-in-residence at the College of the City of New York, was associate professor of communications at New England College in Henniker.
For referral to a club member, call the United States Consulate (2-00-69) or just show up at the plaza.
Seven of the artist's paintings and collages from the late 1940's to the 1980's were displayed in the church.
The case is being presented to a grand jury.
The Knicks never got closer than 12 points in the third quarter.
Before this week's incident, the trade had already touched off violence on the reserves.
That means agreeing in advance on contingency plans for emergencies or illness that keeps a rider later than usual.
What is offensive about the law is this: It presumes guilt.
The style is typically Westphalian, more straightforward than grand, almost a farm-style Romanesque.
From its title, ''Banana Diplomacy,'' and the photo on its dust jacket of a banana bearing the seal of the United States Department of State, you might think that this history by Roy Gutman is a free-swinging, opinionated, ideological attack on American policy in Nicaragua.
''I am somewhat disheartened that we expended so many man-hours on this case.
mind-control tests in the 1950's are apparently close to a $750,000 settlement with the C.I.A., lawyers with knowledge of the case said.
Britain's unions are deeply divided about whether to accept single-union deals and no-strike agreements, which have become more common in this country, particularly at Japanese-owned plants.
McDonald's will sponsor the four-team Madrid tournament with the N.B.A.
tournament of her spectacular career more easily than any of her previous 38 triumphs.
Cover and refrigerate for about 12 hours, turning the bird once or twice.
Mr. Sclafani defended his performance, saying that Board officials had asked him to concentrate on professional licensing.
Cray Research Inc. is betting on gallium arsenide technology to speed its next generation of supercomputers.
'It's a Work Of Fiction' On another floor, Larry Davis, later acquitted, was being tried on charges of murdering four suspected drug dealers.
And for the fourth time, President Reagan has answered him with disgraceful evasions.
New York, the city that prides itself on having everything and having it in profusion, is far behind other American cities in its sources for Mexican ingredients.
John Bellairs has spun several haunting yarns, among them ''Revenge of the Wizard's Ghost,'' whose plot involves exorcism and sorcery.
The tournament, which began with two games Friday night, had a two-day attendance total of 51,254.
In December, scientists led by Dr. Louis M. Kunkel of the Harvard Medical School said that they had identified the specific protein lacking in the muscles of muscular dystrophy patients.
For I hold that a nation is first of all the soil on which it lives, for which it is willing to die.''
One very intense Auschwitz sequence lasts for 45 minutes without a commercial break, which prompted some television critics to ask the director if the film might not be too much for a broad, prime-time audience.
Shorten about Wedtech's contacts with associates of the Reagan Administration, including Mr. Dyer and E. Robert Wallach, former personal lawyer for Attorney General Edwin Meese 3d.
Labor Problem Expected ''We have not said that we will have wholesale nationalization,'' he said.
Noncallable for one year, the issue is rated Aa-3 by Moody's Investors Service and AA by the Standard & Poor's Corporation.
The Mayor said the city, in more than 18 months of negotiations with Chase, had been trying to persuade the company to move to Metrotech, a complex planned near the Brooklyn approach to the Brooklyn Bridge that has already received commitments from other large tenants, including the Securities Industry Automation Corporation, Brooklyn Union Gas Company and the Polytechnic Institute of Brooklyn.
As all-suite hotels continue to proliferate around the nation, some owners are taking advantage of their broader potential: transformation into residential condominiums should an oversupply develop or demand for transient accommodations slacken.
With Robert Mitchum, Jane Seymour, John Gielgud, Hart Bochner, Polly Bergen, Victoria Tennant, Barry Bostwick, David Dukes and Ralph Bellamy.
His mother is a psychologist for the Buffalo school system.
At one point during the day, crude prices rose briefly on a news report that a key committee of the Organization of Petroleum Exporting Countries might confer soon.
The temporary license could also be used while the Health Services Department determined whether to waive the examination because the home state's requirements were the same as or stricter than Connecticut's.
But the most lucrative and prestigious fields, like litigation and mergers and acquisitions, are closed to all but the round-the-clock workers.
Traders sold securities early in the day after the release of a Commerce Department report showing that, while economic growth in the second quarter was somewhat slower than previously thought, the rate of inflation was somewhat faster.
Most are believed to have been kidnapped by Moslem extremists loyal to Ayatollah Ruhollah Khomeini of Iran.
* Of the 82 players selected to the two Pro Bowl squads, 12 (or 15 percent) are former U.S.F.L.
But he gave evidence of good musicianship, his voice is clear, and he seemed comfortable on stage.
In 1939, she went into business as an interior designer.
The Supreme Court in January gave its blessing to high schools that wish to censor the student press.
Willy de Clercq, the community's commissioner for external affairs observed, ''I am wondering how much of the fear is real and how much is the result of orchestration by those who are trying to give a bad image to the European Community with the purpose of putting the community on the defensive.''
Those backs handled the Giants' wide receivers for most of the game, especially in the first half when Simms's longest completion was 13 yards.
A driver who logs 10,000 miles a year and gets 20 miles to the gallon would pay about $75 annually for a 15-cent increase.
Dr. Lambroza, a son of Mr. and Mrs. Isidore Lambroza of Bayside, Queens, graduated from Queens College of the City University of New York and the Albert Einstein College of Medicine of the City University.
Now many have begun to flirt with what they believed to be the tamed tiger of nationalism, and Mr. Gorbachev himself appears to have set an example with his tolerance of the Baltic national movements.
At that time it was identified as a work by Johnson, a Baltimore artist admired for portraits seemingly influenced by the works of Charles Willson Peale and members of his family.
But he said the Vice President had not sufficiently explained his own views in important areas, like voting rights and affirmative action, where the Reagan Administration had not satisfied civil rights groups.
Soviet Withdrawal Route The Soviet Union has pledged in accords signed in Geneva to complete withdrawal of its forces in Afghanistan by Feb. 15.
The impact of the story has been softened, the acid diluted.
Texas, Louisiana and Oklahoma, for example, found their main sources of revenue, oil-and-gas severance taxes and the sales taxes, sharply down with the collapse of energy prices.
Jeff Kutash, who produces shows for resorts and casinos, has acquired the stage and film rights for ''Palooka,'' based on ''Joe Palooka,'' the famous comic strip created by Ham Fisher and illustrated by Al Capp.
Surely to present James Earl Jones as ''Big Daddy'' in ''Cat on a Hot Tin Roof'' would be a worthwhile and fascinating endeavor.
The pianist left Japan for Vienna when she was 12 and has lived in London for the last 15 years or so; her English is impeccable.
Mr. Cuomo is expected to sign the bills into law on Tuesday at the Wadleigh Intermediate School on West 114th Street in Harlem, a once magnificent turn-of-the-century building that Mr. Cuomo and other officials toured in September.
Replying to the accusations, Mr. Barry said through an aide, John White: ''Unfortunately Mr. Rowan made some extreme charges during his press conference.
Reservations: Necessary, especially at dinner.
Lacking the resources of the voluntary hospitals and generally perceived by professionals like nurses, X-ray technicians, and pharmacists as less desirable places to work, many of the city's municipal hospital emergency rooms have been unable to keep up in the competition to recruit and retain skilled staff.
It declined even to require compliance with existing limits on gifts to Federal campaigns and full disclosure of all private funds raised.
He stole his 37th base in the eighth, moving him closer to becoming the first player to hit 40 homers and steal 40 bases in the same year.
VISIONS AND NIGHTMARES: America After Reagan, by Robert Lekachman.
The Youngs spent winters in Newark at what is now the Newark Museum's Ballantine House.
The company said that more than half of the computers shipped by that date will be based on the Micro Channel.
Villa Boheme (Post Office Box 218; 809-742-3508) is right in Dewey; the casual, comfortable rooms overlook the harbor.
Glass by Galle A major collection of Galle glass -108 vases, bowls, platters, ewers, jugs and bottles - will be auctioned in Geneva on Monday by Habsburg, Feldman, a Swiss auction house.
Its author is Tom Kempinski, who back in 1979 wrote ''Duet for One,'' a play about an agonized musician stricken with multiple sclerosis, but has done nothing of note since its production in Britain, America and 28 other countries.
The defending champion, Southern Mississippi, also received a bid.
East took a heart trick at the finish.
Sister Mary Nerney, director of Steps to End Family Violence, an organization in East Harlem that plans to help Ms. Pizarro enroll in art school, called praised the acquittal.
Programmers who want a simple, elegant debugger for Pascal and C should thank Brad Silverberg and Borland's team.
Antonin Scalia Fifty-two years old (shown here during confirmation hearings in August 1986) .
Mr. Amonashvili, who directs the Pedagogical Research Institute in Tbilisi, the capital of Soviet Georgia, concentrates on very young students.
''The objective of the whole exercise is to make the dollar less attractive,'' said Elliott Platt, a senior vice president and economist with Donaldson, Lufkin & Jenrette.
It gives us a wonderful opening to the show.''
''What's the end purpose of this economic growth?''
Asked if the two had simply ''schmoozed'' with each other, she replied, ''As world leaders do.''
B2 News analysis: Political donations by real-estate developers and big businesses in New York are very generous.
''The lake could discharge this year, or some years from now.
He was asked how he could support a candidate who was part of an Administration that was trying to oust him from his job.
The new President, Leslie F. Manigat, promised to lead his impoverished country on a truly democratic course.
5 6 14 LOVE IN THE TIME OF CHOLERA, by Gabriel Garcia Marquez.
The 24-year-old Staten Island mother is accused of giving birth in the restroom of the DC-10 airliner and hiding the newborn under the sink before returning to her seat.
There is something that must be scoured.''
At Least 4 Counsels The Administration has been involved in at least eight investigations by court-appointed special prosecutors, known formally as independent counsels, of high-level officials and former officials.
The caller, with traffic rumbling in the background, said she was on the way to visit her son in Huntsville, but her car had stalled and she would not make it.
Lenin established a State Geodetic Service, the forerunner of today's Soviet cartographic agency, in 1919.
Concerns about an economic contraction, so prevalent in the wake of the crash, have all but dissipated.
Pitman and his guides are generous with refined advice on turkey calling, hunting tactics and natural history.
My bet is that Compaq ships 25 megahertz before I.B.M.''
The problem, he said, is simply that there are not as many minority applicants ''as we would like to have.''
The Bank of New York's estimates that it could reduce Irving's non-interest expenses by 4 or 5 percent are extremely conservative, said Mark Alpert, an analyst at Bear, Stearns & Company, judging from the experience of another recent intracity merger, that of Wells Fargo and Crocker Bank in San Francisco.
LEAD: *3*** COMPANY REPORTS ** *3* Corestates Financial Corp (OTC) Qtr to Sept 30 1988 1987 Net inc 45,014,000 39,321,000 Per share 1.15 1.00 9mo net inc 129,414,000 113,258,000 Per share 3.30 2.88 View Full Article in Timesmachine 
Hearing Brodie's tale in a riverfront saloon, he affected to understand that Brodie had jumped over the bridge rather than off it, which any fool could do.
''I see her as a symbol of this country,'' Mr. Amar said, ''and she would like people to recognize her conduct and courage.
Other soloists were Heather Watts, Otto Neubert, Katrina Killian, Gen Horiuchi, Ms. Hauser and Kipling Houston.
But meanwhile, what's nice about this money is that we can count on $400,000 a year, every year until 1993.''
None of them seems to have batted an eye.
Mr. Latimer's name is not completely forgotten.
By developing special neural network hardware, scientists hope to increase the number of neurons, coming continually closer to the threshold at which they hope intelligent behavior will emerge.
Moreover, last November, Mr. Cokely accused North Side Jewish merchants, on the 49th anniversary of ''Crystal Night'' - the night the Nazis vandalized Jewish shops, offices and synagogues - of breaking their own windows in order to gain sympathy for themselves.
''It's easier to reflect on being in the final two years ago when I was named the coach or two months after,'' Yow said.
Many of the older greats were practically wiped out from the scene.
On average, flames actually cover only half the area listed.
Neither tape dwells on fly fishing for shad to any significant degree.
Turn the food often; every 15 minutes for food that cooks a short period of time and every half-hour for food that cooks for many hours.
James Pierson's father, meanwhile, rejected physical violence in favor of verbal brutality and humiliation.
In the second row and beyond, Mr. Gaul listed the identities - in some case only partial identities - of 23 other soldiers: Tech.
He lacks an overall vision for the show.
Cincinnati's offensive linemen must have shocked San Diego in their memorable 1982 game when they appeared with no gloves and wearing short-sleeved jerseys.
Last Fourth of July, Michael Aaron, the president of Sherry-Lehmann, and his wife, Christine, served hot dogs and Champagne at their wedding reception in East Hampton, L.I.
The protesters and others in the audience traded chants and shoved one another.
The financing fell through, but the idea for his Empire State carousel was born.
Hitting against Cone in the second game of the National League pennant playoff tonight, the Los Angeles Dodgers battered him for five runs in the first two innings.
Among the many post-New Hampshire feuds that developed in the Dole camp, one is a debate over exactly why Mr. Dole became more gentle on Mr. Bush, why he did not respond more quickly to the tax ''straddler'' commercial.
American Brands sells life insurance and makes various products, including Jim Beam bourbon, Master locks and Titleist golf equipment.
Sounding larger than life and highly operatic, like ''Moonstruck,'' it's about a man whose wife has not only divorced him, but has also tried to shoot him dead.
Once she learned our party affiliation she was interested in nothing further - not our campaign literature, not our platform, not even the names of the candidates.
The hypothesis is now being incorporated into a dementia study by researchers at the University of Western Ontario.
The bride is a manager of sales promotion at Estee Lauder Inc. in New York.
The investigation is reviewing whether Mr. Meese had a conflict of interest when he met with the heads of regional telephone companies to discuss legal restrictions on their companies at a time when he and his wife still owned telephone stock.
These include radar sites that are part of a network of similar sites situated across Alaska and Canada to warn of a Soviet missile attack over the polar icecap.
''Just what we had in mind,'' said Nina Ramsey, 30 years old, who with Kristi Zea, 40, created the sets for Martin Scorsese's segment of the movie ''Stories of New York.''
Turnaround Said to Be Maintained ''January and February saw a turnaround in orders, and the level has been maintained through March and April,'' said James A.
The unusual public announcement of the demotion of the executive, Ei Shikiba, came within hours of the resignation today of Japan's Finance Minister, Kiichi Miyazawa.
As the event's technical coordinator nationwide, he is assembling an intricate network of satellite uplinks, receiving dishes, video projectors and decoders to serve 1,600 sites.
The fast ''is directed at myself,'' Mr. Chavez said in a statement last month.
Disabled people can qualify for a Golden Access Pass, which also provides free admission.
Another East End tradition, high prices, is part of the exhibition too, some county employees said.
The per share figures reflect a 50 percent stock dividend paid in September.
'' Justice Blackmun, 79, told a class of first-year law students at the University of Arkansas.
Asked in an interview to describe his own impact, Mr. Duberstein replied: ''You see the President in the press room more, he's doing more on the campaign trail.
For icy walks, drives, paths and steps, avoid using rock salt, which is almost pure sodium chloride.
''It's possible that temperatures in the Arctic will remain too high this winter for the ice cloud to form at all,'' Dr. Stolarski said.
Pay for sanitation enforcement agents now starts at $18,495 a year, reflecting a $1,403 raise.
Except for postcards and stamps there is little need for Soviet currency, and I would suggest that traveler's checks be in the amount of $20.
So eager was Hodgins to make the entire apartment appear light-filled that he even had unlined taffeta curtains made so they appear almost completely transparent.
''He pitched four real good innings,'' Stottlemyre said, speaking like a father and a coach.
Also on display are costumes designed for ''The Magic Flute'' and lent by the Metropolitan Opera.
Eleven cars of a 133-car Union Pacific Railroad freight train derailed Sunday and spilled an acid solution into a creek, threatening the water supply for thousands of people, the authorities said.
''If you remove Moutse from KwaNdebele, it makes the viability of the homeland very suspect.
We want a settlement, we want one very badly.
Vietnam Names Hard-Liner Vietnam's new Prime Minister reportedly directed purges in the ruling Communist Party.
In the world of ''Faith, Hope and Charity,'' Central Park is an alfresco festival at all times of day or night.
Runaways in the 1980's bear little resemblance to 1960's youths who trekked cross-country with a sense of adventure, according to a survey by a youth-services organization.
Recently, a steroid education program, directed at a group of high school football players in Oregon, had a paradoxical effect: those exposed to the program reported an increased propensity to use the drugs.
In a study of the intervention that followed the announcement of the Carter Administrtation's dollar rescue package on Nov. 1, 1978, Gretchen L. Greene, the Federal Reserve Bank of New York's senior vice president in charge of foreign-exchange operations, concluded that the intervention stopped the fall of the dollar initially.
Foreign Minister Shimon Peres said today that Israel welcomed a new American peace plan calling for Palestinian autonomy, but there was no indication of an immediate breakthrough.
Sponsors of the package said the change was needed to end internal battling at the agency, help restore public confidence in nuclear power and provide better inspection and regulation of commercial generators.
Propelled by a 17-0 spurt in the second half, Philadelphia snapped a four-game losing streak by defeating New Jersey, 114-106, at Byrne Meadowlands Arena.
With vinyl strips, the crease dividing the halves of the V must face indoors; in addition, the sides of the channels must be clean and dry for the strips to adhere.
His parole ended a year later.
The paskha, but not the kulich, must be ordered in advance; telephone 212-674-7979 in Manhattan or 718-648-2525 in Brooklyn.
''You're not talking about all kids at these levels being affected, just some of the kids,'' he said.
Among the states Mr. Jackson was asked to steer clear of were Alabama, Mississippi and Michigan, except for Ann Arbor, home of the University of Michigan, Jackson advisers said.
While the arsonist remains unidentified, officials of the city's Arson Task Force as well as neighborhood residents believe the drugstore site was the sole target of the fire.
The mayor said he wants to have most of the plan in operation in four months.
The latest frontier is aspirin.
Scores of townspeople, working and retired, must be routed from their homes to attend endless evening meetings and argue over matters that once could have been entrusted to the wise judgment of public officials.
Other rarities include five 1925 issues of Wendingen, a Dutch magazine, with articles on Frank Lloyd Wright.
The exhibit is intended to generate interest in the Brooklyn movie palace, which has been silent for a decade.
This has come about, officials said, because over the last six years, more and more cases have been shifted from the overburdened courts to the Environmental Control Board and other administrative tribunals.
This piece creates a pivot point as well as a central support for the slab, so that after the concrete is spread underneath and the support blocks at the sides are removed, the slab will rest on the pivot at a height equal to that of the adjacent slabs.
Local television and film producers in Britain, Spain and West Germany helped secure revisions in copyright laws when their own interests were threatened by pirates.
''There are people making superb Burgundies these days,'' he said, ''but they don't have salesmen coming around with samples.
On the other hand, when effective rents in Midtown North weaken, the escape valve is less necessary and renting in Midtown South, dependent on the Midtown North overflow, slows.
Il Bufalo (a k a Meridies), at 87 Seventh Avenue, at Barrow Street.
This caused the yield to fall to 8.89 percent, from 8.92 percent the day before and 9.05 percent a week ago.
And, in the end, it is a story of two profoundly different business and cultural philosophies - the investor orientation of Tisch, with its focus on stock price and earnings (familiar thinking in American business culture in the 1980's), and the longer-term strategy of Sony, which hoped for a deal that history, if not Wall Street, would admire.
It might help some countries, but on the other hand it would bring more problems for the German economy.''
Syracuse, 13-0 after pounding Navy, 23-5, in the highest-scoring, most-lopsided victory in N.C.A.A.
He said Philip Morris meets strong resistance when it tries to raise the price of its Miller beer.
But First Boston executives insisted that they were setting aside money for bonuses at an appropriate level.
But these analyses fit with a general notion -although not a consensus - that the dollar must fall rather than climb to assure that the trade deficit continues to narrow.
Miss Graham is too astute to leave things at that.
The culture of Bhutan is at stake.
is the best qualified body to recommend exceptions to these instances.
No one outside Palestine has had, or can have an attachment to Palestine, or its cause, firmer than that of Jordan or of my family.
Washburn notices that his patient has earlier undergone extensive plastic surgery.
Forget that the public has clearly judged the Iran-contra hearings to be largely a political exercise, not the trial of the century it was billed to be.
Everything is part of the passionate insistence that Tibet lives: the small government offices, the tiny tithes of about 15 cents a month, the stories parents pass to children, the eager word for any sign of interest from the rest of the world, the messages and travels among the other Tibetan communities scattered around India, the eager questioning of the newest exile.
Zimbabwe, self-conscious torchbearer for the nonaligned third world, can be a very prickly friend.
Unlike the heartless editor in Russell Baker's farewell column, I shed genuine tears after reading Mr. Baker's valedictory.
''We can tell the plane to go take a picture of something we want to see when we want to see it,'' said one official.
And when I get in, I'm not afraid to put it up.''
''Fly-by-wire saves hundreds of pounds and is much easier to install when you are building the plane,'' said Peter Sutcliffe, chief engineer for advanced technology in Boeing's commercial aircraft division.
''I just remember growing up with it.
Kim Dae Jung vowed to continue Wednesday.
Here, his oral thesis on the star of martial arts and action movies was greeted with appreciative applause.
Katherine, Stefano and Michael Merlo of Woodside, Queens, decided to double their contributions because the need seemed greater than ever.
Restoring a book this size, Sobota says of the 800-page text, is four months' work.
However, the choice of styles may not be as broad as in a big store.
Restraint may be fine for diplomats and pitchers, but for musicians playing a long show to an audience in an uncomfortable place, it gets to be wearing.
''If Congress is going to legislate an early end to ocean dumping, siting land-based alternatives will be a very difficult thing,'' James R. Marshall, a spokesman for the Region 2 office, said last week.
As a result, they authorized expenditures of up to $1 million over two years to move the works, Mr. Bell said.
The good news is it is over.
Speaking against a backdrop of quilts made by relatives and friends of people who have died from AIDS in the Names Project that was organized in San Francisco, Dr. Kallings pointed to data from the World Health Organization about the spread of AIDS.
As it was, though, it neatly tied up a rather untidy series against the Braves.
Hours: Monday-Friday, 8:30 A.M. to 5 P.M.; 212-889-2530.
to the British Petroleum Company.
The Big Apple proves that a circus does not need wild animals.
It's easy enough to become accustomed to removing your shoes at the front door, to washing outside the actual bath, seated on a small stool, and then immersing your cleansed body in water hot enough to sterilize bandages, but coming to terms with a pillow that seems filled with ordinary gravel is another matter.
Although the policy is the current practice in the schools, the Board of Education has not yet formally approved the plan.
David Henry Hwang - barely 30 and haunted by spirits often of his own invention - is riding on the hyphen into mainstream American theater as few Asian-Americans have before him.
In a one-hour meeting today with Japan's Ambassador to Jakarta, Sumio Edamura, Prince Sihanouk rejected a seven-point peace plan unveiled by Mr. Hun Sen on Monday as a ploy aimed at preserving the illegally installed Phnom Penh regime, a Japanese diplomat told Japanese journalists following the meeting.
A new generation of lightweight hiking boots has turned backpacking into less of a back-breaking sport.
He would have needed a periscope to follow with a lead to the king, and he naturally finessed the jack, losing to the queen.
Considered the most important education lawsuit in a decade, the case, Abbott v. Burke (after former New Jersey Commissioner of Education Dr. Fred G. Burke), was filed by the Education Law Center of Newark in 1981 on behalf of 20 students in Camden, East Orange, Irvington and Jersey City.
The holidays are finally over.
ROBERT E. NYE JR., M.D.
He will be in Washington, arguing a nonsports case before the Supreme Court of the United States.
''Live bait and eggs - I hear a lot of that,'' Mr. Korten said.
Michael S. Dukakis of Massachusetts in the New York primary next Tuesday.
Mr. Zappa considers himself a scathing social critic as well as a sophisticated maverick musician, yet a lot of his would-be satire amounts to rude name-calling, and he treats his fans as juveniles to be harangued.
Basically, it's not necessary for Clifford and I to be in contact on a day-to-day basis.''
In retrospect, it would seem remarkable how accurately each man reflected the character and temperature of the organization during his time.
I'd like to apply a polyurethane finish, but a clerk in our paint store said that sometimes the factory finish used on parquet prevents polyurethane from adhering.
By his analysis, the avoidance of portamento and all that is perfectly reasonable: not that it doesn't suit Mozart, but that it doesn't suit the temper of our time.
The forest is home to the Tasaday and has been, they say, as far back as any can remember.
Without them, a musician will die a slow, obvious death in front of the baleful pictures on the wall of the great musicians who've played there.
Restored to his old two-room apartment on Chkalova Street, he invited in reporters to plead the cases of dissidents still locked up in labor camps or psychiatric hospitals.
But the architect integrates it smoothly and unpretentiously with the rest of the site.
Of a nonwhite population of 18,974 in 1980, nearly 14,000 lived in the southwestern corner.
The annual cost of guarding them comes to $10 million.
Garrison is being coached by Willie Thomas.
But later several credit cards fell from his pocket, and he was also charged with possession of stolen property.
After being rebuffed repeatedly in his effort to eliminate the Legal Services Corporation, he now accepts its existence, although he proposes cutting the agency's budget 18 percent, to $250 million.
''I would be shocked if I were to find that there was an alliance between Bob Dole and Pat Robertson,'' replied Mr. Kemp, whose campaign once worked in Michigan with Robertson supporters before switching sides to support Mr. Bush.
Apply glue to the top edge of the lumber and to the floor, and fasten with screws that are 2 3/4 inches long.
Seven men, six women and a 16-year-old girl were arrested for sitting in front of the clinic door, said Patrolman Gene Nero.
Mr. Galimullin, a bit stocky but unmistakably cute by teen-age standards has a mix of joy and power that makes him a very special bravura dancer.
Mr. Hanks said his performance ''walks the red line of having the audience dislike Steven.''
Odds Against Touchdown ''The coverage is not designed by who is in there,'' Parcells said.
She pleaded not guilty in Federal District Court in Brooklyn Thursday.
They'll lean forward out of respect.''
The opening segment drew a 9.4 rating and a 13 share, and on Sunday the show got a 10.5 rating and a 15 share, the best rating of a regular prime-time Fox show.
Hacking, they say, is a problem that afflicts societies that have mastered the computer.
This policy mix is a recipe for high consumption and low investment.
An 'Awful Tragedy' In a telephone interview yesterday, Mr. Rawlins said the newly discovered document established Peary's claim as ''one of the greatest scientific frauds of this century.''
Mr. Rappaport was responsible for arranging the sale and transport of the oil and the financial arrangements, and the Bechtel Group was responsible for the engineering and construction of the pipeline.
The nun leaves us, and we walk around John's former dormitory.
In a move that surprised the credit card industry, Russell E. Hogg said yesterday that he would resign as president and chief executive of Mastercard International.
The production follows the adventures of a mild-mannered young man who wins, as a prize in a contest, a trip to Transylvania and a vacation aboard the Transylvania Special.
To be sure, unlike most of his Hollywood counterparts who find themselves locked into one adversarial situation after another, he has earned the right to pick the directors and producers he wants to work with.
Like many islanders whose families are split over the fixed-link proposal, he may also be striving for domestic peace.
LEAD: *3*** COMPANY REPORTS ** *3*LIQUI-BOX CORP (OTC) Qtr to Dec 31 1987 1986 Sales 16,667,000 16,770,000 Net inc 1,038,000 1,503,000 Share earns .45 .64 Yr sales 72,001,000 70,667,000 Net inc 5,683,000 6,042,000 Share earns 2.44 2.59 View Full Article in Timesmachine 
But the police action itself - especially what many see as its bald brutality - has reopened fears and hostilities that have nothing to do with what most people agree was the real cause of the disturbance, the neighborhood's preoccupation with housing and gentrification.
Easygoing Ferry Rick Lyon, who lives a block from the water, is a part-time captain on the Essex Island Launch.
''If we made no moves,'' McIlvaine said, ''I'd feel comfortable going with what we have for the rest of the season, and the playoffs, too.
In a joint venture with Manchester I-84 Associates, a local partnership, and Homart Development Corporation, a division of Sears, an 800,000-square-foot regional mall is under construction.
'In the Middle of the Investigation' Mr. Foglia's charges have been referred to the Police Department's internal affairs division.
Then another storm arrived at 9:18, and this time the umpires waited for 2 hours 8 minutes before deciding to play.
But what are they based on?''
''They were, however, wrong,'' Ms. Lee writes.
''When you're going good, even when you foul up you still can win games,'' Morgan said.
Christopher Dengel, responded and immediately shut down the highway.
Autobiographical elements are there, too.
Or, one could head directly north to Erzurum and Kars, then west to Sivas and Amasya.
A police truck with a loudspeaker pulls up.
Agriculture still accounts for some 30 percent of Madeira's wealth.
The list for 1943 begins with both that date and the E.F. (''Fascist Era'') year 21.
That, in itself, is not surprising to anyone who understands the stress of hostile action in a life-or-death situation.
Institute of Art Overhaul Meanwhile, a bone-chilling 20-minute walk away, the chairman of the Minneapolis Institute of Art, Marvin Borman, explained that his museum had a major project of its own planned for this summer: a complete overhaul of the museum's system of governance.
''I wanted my career but I just had reached an impasse regarding how to do that and be a mother,'' Mrs. Day said.
Even though Congress has granted the F.S.L.I.C.
She makes instant rapport with the audience and holds it even when her material runs dry.
Some form of taxation for companies could be included, the officials added.
The Minnesota case differs from these in that it contains a factual record of the law's actual impact.
The Government today ordered the Norelco Company not to misrepresent appliances in advertising, saying Norelco falsely advertised its Clean Water Machine as a purifier when the device was actually adding a chemical suspected of causing cancer to tap water.
Miss Roark-Strummer has an edgy, cutting soprano, but it makes up in size, steadiness and intensity what it lacks in tonal allure.
The boat, belonging to a longtime friend who lives on Jupiter Island, Alsie Hillman, was The Madcap.
Last week someone threw acid on a Palestinian policeman who went back to work for the Israeli authorities earlier this month.
The House of Barings recovered its old position in little more than a decade, and in 1905 Lord Revelstoke, the Baring who then headed the firm, was ordering, among other things, ''a red enamel cigarette case and a yellow flacon from M. Faberge .
4.Remove and serve immediately, or stack on a plate and keep warm while preparing rest of ployes.
But he said that the second American humanitarian group to arrive was not of a high enough level to meet the agreed criteria.
In 1985, Mr. Gore voted for a farm support program similar to one now backed by Mr. Gephardt, which Mr. Gore calls ''the worst single idea of campaign '88.''
''Although there has been a tremendous amount of violence in New York, so far, it has been low-level violence between rival street gangs, or as a result of effects of drugs,'' said Mr. Stutman, who was the target of an unusual death threat from one of the Medellin leaders.
Mr. Sarney, a longtime ally of Brazil's former military regimes, has reportedly viewed himself as something of a hostage to the centrist Brazilian Democratic Movement Party, which opposed military rule and now controls the Constitutional Assembly.
Officials from the world governing body of soccer are scheduled to arrive in Washington next week to begin their final inspection of proposed stadiums for the World Cup finals in 1994.
''He's a little horse and he's had a tough campaign,'' Stephens said yesterday.
The landlord, Lawrence Friedland, said he is negotiating with an ''upscale'' retailer who does not cringe at the mention of $300,000 for a year's rent.
Matching the shoe to the orthotic is as critical as the orthotic itself, and runners sometimes end up switching from preferred brands.
Surrounded by One Competitor Even more disconcerting to Mr. Goldman, Tuscan sold out to John Labatt Ltd., the $4 billion Canadian beverage company.
The Hollings-Kennedy measure forbade the F.C.C.
To St. Theodore, ''he who reveres an image surely reveres the person whom the image shows; not the substance of the image.''
The book has attracted wide public attention with details about Nancy Reagan's extensive reliance on astrology.
Debt * McDonnell Douglas Corp. has filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission for a shelf offering of up to $500 million of senior debt securities.
The doctor said he did not know the patient, but was asked to check on her and administered the morphine after hearing her say, ''Let's get this over with.''
Earlier this week Mr. Tunnermann said: ''One of the most honorable things that will be written in my biography is that the Reagan Administration expelled me from the United States.
Dancers often bent low to the earth; at other times, they bent stiffly backward or to the side.
'Could Have Been My Daughter' In Roxbury, a poor section, residents were particularly outraged at what the child's shooting said of life in their community.
Paul Watkins, a 23-year-old American, has written a first novel as obscure as its title.
Backs Delvalle Eric Arturo Delvalle, who was deposed as President late last month after attempting to dismiss General Noriega, argues that the money in the New York banks belongs to his Government, not the Noriega regime.
But few owners are taken in by this gesture.
Barros scored the Eagles' final 8 points, including his winning 12-foot shot as Boston College beat Georgetown (11-3, 1-2) for the first time in 10 games since March 2, 1983.
It's one of the most dramatic reminders how varied Texas is and how quickly one region blends into another.
The defendant later withdrew her guilty plea and agreed to stand trial.
In 1982, he was named to the President's Intelligence Oversight Board by President Reagan.
Both were hit in the head by New Jersey shots Sunday night and remained overnight at Hackensack Hospital for observation.
He started as the No.
''We think it is a good business judgment to seek the $15 million in legal fees and punitive damages,'' the Mercantile Exchange's lawyer, Patrick Thompson, said.
A pretty city in southwestern Wisconsin, built around Lakes Monona and Mendota, Madison is one of the few places in the United States where large numbers of people happily describe themselves as liberals and radicals and especially as Progressives.
He wrote: ''When you travel the byroads of Central Russia, you begin to understand the secrets of the pacifying Russian countryside.
Scientists had assumed the Africanized bees would become Europeanized by mating with the gentler variety, and thus lose their propensity to sting in potentially deadly swarms.
and it looked less favorable,'' he said.
U.N. Financing Fiscal 1988 foreign aid bill revokes previously imposed Congressional restrictions on payment of dues to the United Nations and authorizes full payment subject to certification of reforms by President.
Letters should be addressed to The Editor, Connecticut Weekly, The New York Times, 229 West 43d Street, New York, N.Y. 10036.
The young Knick coach, who haunted the Garden in the championship springs of 1970 and 1973, recognized the sound just before the tip-off on Wednesday.
* Court-imposed restrictions on foreign travel by soccer fans with violent records.
''It's a matter of having a very interested buyer making a very attractive offer,'' Mr. Englehart said, noting the sale price was three and a half times Dialog's annual revenue.
Mr. Eichelberger quickly warned her: ''Don't do it, Katy.
If they are not met, the shuttle will not be allowed to fly.
Adobe Resources Corp., which is involved in gas and oil exploration, elected Bill Holland senior vice president of domestic exploration and land activities.
Some of the elaborately detailed dioramas were originally exhibited at the 1938 World's Fair on nearby Treasure Island.
Her father is a lawyer and real-estate investor.
This information was offered by a Cuban soldier, Antonio Vega Ramos, who recently told a Verde Olivo interviewer about his experience under attack in an armored personnel carrier at Cuito Cuanavale, in southeastern Angola: ''One missile set the gasoline tanks on fire; another was a direct hit in the engine and wounded the mechanic; the third wounded the driver.
But the gist was the same, and both referred to a document, which the Soviet leader pushed across the table to the United States President, that contained the phrase peaceful coexistence.
We happy few numbered less than a dozen then.
A few dentists did agree to see the emergency patient.
But in a statement released today, he said he felt he had accomplished his objectives of updating Micropro's product and improving international sales.
LAST week, a visitor to Jerrystyle, a newly expanded East Village emporium that specializes in verdigris and well-patinated copper home furnishings, seemed disappointed.
For their part, the contra leaders decided on Thursday to renew the peace talks with Managua after a three-month hiatus.
It distracts me from daydreaming.
The Mondavi company includes the landmark Clifford May plant here in Oakville; two prize vineyards here; a large portion of the famous Tepusquet Vineyard in central California; new vineyard land in the Carneros region of southern Napa County; Opus One, a joint venture with Chateau Mouton-Rothschild in Bordeaux; a winery in Woodbridge, Calif., where the Robert Mondavi table wines are made, and Vichon, a small Napa Valley winery not far from the main cellars.
Wave upon wave of turbaned horsemen, their swords flashing, galloped toward the palace walls.
Foam panels can be hazardous because some will give off noxious fumes when exposed to flame.
To the Editor: Upon reading the article on Safed, the artist colony nestled in the mountains of northern Israel (Travel, Aug. 7), I happily packed it along with my travel guide.
Two planes the size of Boeing 707's, flying 400 miles an hour at 27,000 feet, meet and are locked by a boom through which fuel flows as they sway gently through the sky.
Ms. Simons felt so strongly about the deletions she tried to persuade Knopf to publish an expanded, fully translated version of the volume.
Of all the institutions, none has been buffeted more than St. Joseph's.
Mrs. Katzenstein, who will retain her name professionally, is the staff photographer at Crain's New York Business.
The cause of the tank collapse remained in doubt yesterday, as company engineers and government regulators began their investigation.
The results are in Canadian dollars.
As board president, Wagner oversees a budget of $6.4 billion, larger than that for the entire State of Connecticut, but confesses that he hasn't been able to get a straight answer to such a simple question as how many health clinics there are in the schools.
At times, one wishes Elgar had been more daring.
The vast silence that has settled over most American Jews should be understood as an eloquent statement of responsible concern, not acquiescence, certainly not approval or even disapproval.
''Every indication we have is that the Soviets are planning on pulling their troops out of Afghanistan,'' he said.
LEAD: *3*** COMPANY REPORTS ** *3* Student Loan Marketing Assn (NYSE) Qtr to Sept 30 1988 1987 Net inc 57,500,000 46,200,000 Share earns 1.37 1.08 9mo net inc 166,200,000 133,200,000 Share earns 3.93 3.03 View Full Article in Timesmachine 
In New York State, 8,618,376 people are registered to vote statewide, compared with 9,044,208 in the 1984 Presidential election.
9-Lives leads the canned cat food industry, with an estimated $264 million in sales in 1987, 23 percent of the market.
Jim Rice hit the eighth grand slam of his career, and the Boston Red Sox beat the Baltimore Orioles by 6-4 tonight for their seventh victory in nine games.
Here they are conveyed mainly through the plucked instruments and pitched percussion.
The final agreement prohibits banks and their holding companies from selling insurance outside their home states.
In a statement, ARCO contended that its crude-oil pricing policies ''conformed to the economic theory for pricing Alaska crude oil widely held by highly regarded economists and by Federal and state government pricing experts.''
That bill will include, as it should, crimes motivated by race, certainly, by sex, by religion or by sexual orientation.
Several times he called Koppel ''Dan,'' referring to CBS's Rather.
The average yields on C.D.
The crowds have been growing steadily - there were 10,000 in Sioux Falls, S.D., last week - and ever more spirited.
But most participants in the case believe that if the mediation board decides in favor of the unions, it will call for elections, in which employees from the carriers will vote on whether they want Eastern's unions to represent them.
Airline executives and industry analysts have expressed concern that the liberal awards would force airlines to give seats to frequent fliers that would have gone to paying customers.
The greenhouse lawn, at Snug Harbor's West Gate, will be set up for lawn tennis, croquet and cricket.
The real question is whether the removal restrictions are of such a nature that they impede the President's ability to perform his constitutional duty, and the functions of the officials in question must be analyzed in that light.
''The story is that drug dealers are selling tiny pieces of paper, 'tattoos,' that have been soaked in LSD.
To the Editor: As I, too, had an 85th birthday recently, I found the letter from Anna Mary Wells, living in a retirement community, very sad.
Julius Maldutis of Salomon Brothers has been a longtime Delta watcher, and Delta has been his top pick of stock buys for this year.
An idealistic young literary agent's prize author turns out to be an egomaniacal monster.
But who will stop them?
Mr. Gephardt, his opponents say, is shopping in Oklahoma, Arkansas, Alabama, Florida, Texas and Louisiana.
Affluent Detroiters moved farther from the city after the riots in the 1960's, and businesses and restaurants followed.
Or they may be simplified in terms of a rich roundness, like the orientalizing ''Standing Goddess'' around 675 B.C., with her echoes of Egypt or Phoenicia.
I was surprised the second hands on our watches kept sweeping.
New Jersey's road record last season was a horrendous 3-38, tying the Los Angeles Clippers for the poorest mark in the National Basketball Association.
He added that he has recently seen signs of a more congenial attitude toward the Soviet Union, including President Reagan's evident conversion.
Ms. Myerson peered somberly at her lawyer as he conceded that she had written ''a misleading letter'' to Mayor Koch to limit the political damage.
Another contra leader, Pedro Joaquin Chamorro Barrios, also characterized the results of the latest talks as positive.
The proposal's virtue, the staff says, is that it gives students an alternative to the five-year or 10-year loans now available that mean higher payments when earnings are lowest.
''Once people get on drugs or alcohol, they establish increasingly elaborate mechanisms to hide it,'' Mr. Dillingham said.
He's all there, and there's no reason to expect him to deteriorate.''
Sanders is rested and full speed every Monday.''
Miss Myerson was arrested May 27 by Police Chief Charles Smith of South Williamsport after two private security guards stopped her as she left the Hills department store.
's calculation of what First Texas will require to cover losses on sales of foreclosed property it holds.
We have developed the ability to shrug it off and go on.''
Mr. Clouthier has his strongest following in the northern states bordering the United States.
This has also helped propel soybean and corn prices to their highest levels since 1983-84.
Kim Dae Jung's party performed strongly in the seat total, even though it had only 19.1 percent of the popular vote, 8 percentage points fewer than Kim Dae Jung had in December.
''The obsessive-compulsive is at the extreme end of a continuum that begins with the person who, for instance, is scrupulously neat about his desk,'' said Blanche Freund, a psychologist at the Program for the Clinical Study of Anxiety Disorders at the Medical College of Pennsylvania, in Philadelphia.
Columbia graduates are sprinkled throughout the nation's best news organizations.
There will be a turnout of liberals and blacks, and conservatives and moderates will stay home or cross over.''
Most such outbreaks have been traced to raw or undercooked ground beef or to raw milk, so scientists were surprised to find it in precooked hamburgers.
For this reason, museums of Borneo have assumed the mission of collecting artifacts as well as preserving customs, legends and wildlife.
He noted a severe lack of investment capital, shortages of raw materials and resistance from conservatives who oppose change.
''Heartbreak Hotel,'' which was written and directed by Chris Columbus and opens today at the D. W. Griffith and other theaters, presents the notion of a pet Elvis, for audiences to whom the idea of an extraterrestrial in the closet now seems hopelessly passe.
''We are willing to fight,'' said a man who would only say that his name was Mohammed and that he was a commander of guerrillas resting for a few days in Lakhti Banda before returning to battle.
It tends to trap water in the brick and in the long run can do more harm than good.
Loehmann's reported $334 million in revenues last year, so Mr. Greenstein believes the investor group will pay between $150 million and $170 million.
The police sealed off the area around the mosque, which is reached through a number of gates in the old buildings.
Dr. Castelli said the findings of the Intersalt project confirmed what the Framingham Heart Study and similar studies have found.
At the time, Mr. Bush was head of an Administration initiative to stop the flow of illegal drugs into South Florida.
Norio Ohga, president and chief operating officer of Sony, has targeted the division as having high growth potential and has told the executive staff that he expected CBS's classical label, Masterworks, to lead the field.
* Diamond Shamrock R&M Inc.'s commercial paper program was rated A-2 by S.&P.
But not a one of those key democratic leaders support our policy in Central America.
Open 10 A.M. to 6 P.M. May 15 to Sept. 15; the rest of the year, 10 A.M. to 4 P.M. (Next year the longer summer hours will be in effect from April 1 to Sept.
The Pentagon ordered the military services to enforce the rules against such abuses more rigorously and to open more positions to women.
Take 65 percent times the 25 percent return on equity, and you get back to a 15 percent growth rate.
A hodgepodge of stores spans the ground floor.
The Energy Department said it could not disagree.
The Guard issue heated up again today when Gov.
For nutrition month at 16 Kings Super Markets in New Jersey, children may submit original posters on the theme ''I'm a Healthy Kid.''
In such reactors, half-inch thick rods of uranium-oxide fuel get yellow hot at their core, reaching temperatures of about 4,100 degrees Fahrenheit, according to ''A Guidebook to Nuclear Reactors,'' published by University of California Press.
Today, at Timberline Lodge, members of the Mountain Signal Memorial Fund will unveil electronic locater devices that they say will enable searchers to come within a few feet of lost climbers - even if they're buried in snow.
We're not taking any unnecessary penalties and we're getting the big play when we need it.
The quarterback is supposed to take a certain route if the defense is reacting to him in a specific way.
With the possible exception of those disciplines - engineering, the physical and life sciences - in which graduate student research is part of a larger group effort, graduate students are left essentially to fend for themselves, and have the onus of seeking advice and counseling from a professoriate that, with notable exceptions, does not see itself as having the responsibility to provide that advice and counseling.
Seen as a Windfall for Some Social Security officials said there was no basis for the belief that notch babies fared worse than those born in later years.
A Canadian company is building a factory at Colbert, Ga., that will bring to this country an advanced technology that uses glue and small strips of wood to build long wooden structural beams.
If a company raises its dividends rather than investing more money in the corporation, the preferred holders benefit, but share prices may not rise as fast, and neither will the equity-appreciation certificates.
No vehicle should be left unattended.
Meanwhile, a young woman is brought to the admissions office by the police.
The saxophonist Illinois Jacquet, who has been leading a superb big band since 1983, has just released ''Jacquet's Got It!''
This, unfortunately, Ms. Naylor does not do.
''Many of these children have never ridden on anything but a subway,'' Mrs. Trissel said.
He had been very successful in building The Sun, a racy London-based tabloid, into a huge financial success based on swelling circulation.
''Against the odds of a decade of greed and cynicism, an unbelievable number are still involved in socially committed work.''
Zendejas, who in college made 385 points kicking for Nevada-Reno, was drafted by the San Diego Chargers a month ago, then was let go in a minicamp.
He must do so under a noneviction plan that would permit tenants who do not buy their apartments to remain as renters.
Ambassador Bullitt decided to stage a party to rival any given in Moscow, and his staff hired animals from the Moscow Zoo, including the unhousebroken bear.
Even the skeptics would have to agree that James Oliver Hallet is making progress.
The Fed report said these were signs that the strains on production capacity, which have led to some price increases, was easing slightly.
If he is not exactly a wraith, he is accompanied by none of the bustle and bluster that usually surround directors like clouds of frantic bees.
But a majority of rural hospitals lost money on their Medicare business last year.
There is often a feeling that her art was made for the enjoyment of a few friends and intimates, as when, in 1975, Morton sketched the plans for ''Flagship,'' which, she wrote, would be ''a flag for each person in my life that I have good feelings for.''
figures in countries bordering on South Africa drew wide attention in the early 1980's.
Where were the other Democratic candidates?''
With millions of anglers involved, it would obviously be impossible to police effectively a bluefish creel limit.
The General Motors Corporation has the group's highest multiple, about seven times earnings.
Emma...Elizabeth Knighton Marfa...Stefania Toczyska Golitsyn...Wieslaw Ochman Andrei Khovansky...Denes Gulyas Shaklovity...Timothy Noble Ivan Khovansky...Aage Haugland Dosifei...Martti Talvela Scribe...Andrea Velis Streshnev...Thomas Booth Kouzka...Mark Baker Varsonofiev...Andrij Dobriansky First Strelets...Morley Meredith Second Strelets...Philip Cokorinos Servant...John Bills
''We have accepted two states in Palestine, and when we say that, who else could we mean but Israel and Palestine?''
''I think the Governor would have a very different view of that than I would.''
Private Terms's dam, Laughter, was among the last offspring of Bold Ruler, America's premier sire until his death at the young age of 16.
''For all practical purposes, Jim Baker will be deputy President,'' said Edward Rollins, a Republican strategist who is close to the Bush camp.
We must acknowledge that the Government, given the staggering budget deficits, cannot solve the problem with huge new outlays.
Tucker sized up the importance of today's game this way: ''Ever since we got this close to getting into the playoffs,'' he said, ''someone has said, 'Tonight's game is big.'
Algerian intellectuals and professionals who are not tied to the single party machine or the army that supports it say they believe Mr. Benjedid has had his chance as President and amply demonstrated that he stands firmly on the side of the present order.
Depending on the judge's reasoning, a ruling against the shelter plan, which was the subject of impassioned public debate and private negotiations last year, might be a major disappointment for the Koch administration.
''I don't think the old phrase 'Absence makes the heart grow fonder' is apt,'' he reflected.
Language has played an important role in much 20th-century art, but never more so than since the late 1960's.
Mr. Rossi, the research scientist, said the national average was 900.
Model Introductio n Performance Pricein Model Date Processors [1] Range [2] millions Cray 1 1976 1 1 $13 Cray X-MP/2 1982 2 3-4 6 Cray X-MP/4 1984 4 6-10 12 Cray 2 1985 4 6-12 12 Cray Y-MP 1988 8 30 20 Cray 3 1989 16 100 N.A.
Ms. Bergman's view of human nature is generous.
''The fabric and trimmings were cash on delivery.
Her father is of counsel to the New Haven law firm of Bachman & LaPointe.
These tightly furled young fronds, which in spring appear at the crown of all varieties of ferns, grow throughout the world.
After Minimalism and earth art, there was nowhere to go but downscale.
''And this cannot go unpunished,'' the judge said.
But it was important because it demonstrated the Fed's seriousness about stopping inflation.
They just know they would, they say, not too seriously but not all in jest.
He had to sue to win the right for more of his competitors to appear to testify that his entry into their market would make life harder.
Except on the first night (which brought Luciano Pavarotti in ''Elisir d'Amore'' last week), the Met generally cannot cast its outdoor performances from the first-string lineup, so this was not a ''Turandot'' of exceptional singing.
Still, the study insists that new regulations must be considered.
Even for a land whose history is written in tears, that is surely long enough.
Now people expect even more.
Few cities of this size (its population is about 370,000) have a better mix of restaurants.
Whatever a commissioner's view about taxes, he said, ''you still have to find out what a rise in the cigarette tax or the gasoline tax yields.''
Unfortunately, Mr. Vail does not often dramatize the Inuit tales on which he has built his play and even the best efforts of an attractive cast under the direction of Amie Brockway cannot save the performance at the Open Eye: New Stagings theater from lapsing into mere narration.
And while they still live in New York, about 100 miles away, they come here every weekend and Mrs. Rukeyser sometimes spends the week here.
There are successive entries on one page, for example, for ''Flag Waver,'' an audience-arousing final chorus; ''Flam,'' a drum stroke; ''Flamingo,'' a London nightclub, and ''Flanagan, Tommy,'' a pianist.
''If there was a penalty that the team would be eliminated if one player were using drugs and other players knew the drug user, you can be sure the problem would be handled by bringing it to the attention of the coach, or with education or help.''
For some, Mr. Butts's newly moderated tone reflects the maturing of a man who has spent his adult life in the church, rising from, in his own words, ''a church gofer'' to his present status as executive minister.
''The winds were cooperative,'' said Allen Paulson, the 65-year-old pilot who is chairman and chief executive officer of Gulfstream Aerospace Corporation.
He said on Thursday that he thought he spoke about it to Mr. Mulhearn in October 1983, although he was not certain about the date.
A woman's sudden sense of chilly distance from her man feels like ''putting on a nylon slip in the early morning in an icy-cold room.''
Since then, it has spent millions more on Super Tuesday and subsequent contests.
Only the major foreign news agencies and full-time correspondents for foreign newspapers are specifically exempted.
When Beckett smiled and said, ''No harm in that,'' I felt the publike camaraderie of the theater where even in the most difficult of plays (''Catastrophe'' is a dark and disturbing piece responding to political repression and the imprisonment of writers in Eastern Europe) one always feels grateful to actors who illuminate the gloom without subverting the text.
This slows my production seriously and in extreme instances halts it altogether for long periods.
The 26 Americans, happily tired after another day of biking and stuffed from a spectacular lobster dinner, strolled into the town plaza of tiny Todos Santos.
Although the Boston Celtics have won 16 championships, they have never had the league's leading scorer and never paid a player based on his individual statistics.
Explaining why the communique did not address some delicate points more fully, Mr. Lawson said, ''It would have been unrealistic to imagine at this particular stage in the American electoral cycle that it would be a very full communique.''
''Encantadas'' seems shrewdly calculated to make the rounds of the music business and get performances everywhere.
In April they were warned that the stock market was dangerously high and to be wary of the market.
But, subsequently, you also criticize those deals because the acquirers have absorbed too little risk on many of the assets.
confusion between homosexuality as a condition and homosexual acts -some good and some bad?''
The bride is the daughter of Mr. and Mrs.
''What we were hoping to do is get a big bang for a little buck,'' he said.
The reader will probably laugh.
The two former managers, Donald Carter, 59 years old, of Downey, Calif., and Robert Zavodnick, 46, of Fountain Valley, Calif., each face up to five years in prison and a $771,000 fine.
Admirers say it is a measure of Dr. Green's determination that he was able to earn a doctorate at Harvard University in 1972, when he was an assistant principal here, because he succeeded in personally persuading some of the city's top business leaders to help pay his way.
10 13 43 THRIVING ON CHAOS, by Tom Peters.
Mr. Kean called for several initiatives, including a $100 million Statewide Housing Partnership, to build low- and moderate-income housing.
Experts say a Hypermart USA store must post annual sales of $100 million to make money, a figure Wal-Mart executives do not dispute.
Parcells said Headen was upset.
The former executives have since been charged with negligence and fraud.
In city parks, where homeless people take up residence as the weather warms, the city tries to draw the line at the construction of temporary shelters and has on occasion removed wagonloads of personal belongings.
Training may consist of classroom work in weekly meetings of two to four hours and field exercises in an all-day meeting once a month.
Among those who praise the committee, most of the credit for the turnaround is given to Admiral Watkins, whose organizational abilities got the panel on course, and to the 30-member staff, headed by Polly L. Gault, former Congressional aide.
One of the taxes, the real estate transfer, has never been brought back to its former level.
Putting requires no strength, minimal hand-eye coordination and hardly any technique.
Add the red peppers, onions, salt and pepper.
Rose, who took over a fifth-place club in August, 1984, acknowledged that he was disappointed at finishing second four years in a row, but found some consolation.
Some organized boycotts; other counseled quiet neglect.
But the officer who had been talking with Mr. Chu moments before the shooting, Detective Piraino of the hostage negotiating team, said that soon after police arrived at apartment 11B, it became apparent that Mr. Chu was a seriously disturbed and unpredictable man.
Winfield's recently published book stirred the anger of the team's owner, George Steinbrenner, who lashed out at the right fielder almost daily, suggesting that Winfield had lost many of his skills because of age and saying that the book had caused dissension in the clubhouse.
But after examining the Senator's rationale for his switch, Mr. Mahe said, ''I'd have to give him the benefit of the doubt and say he genuinely believes circumstances have changed and he is changing with them.''
Horace Busby, a consultant and a former White House assistant to President Johnson, said: ''Why this 'good jobs at good wages?'
said Mr. Loyd of Arkansas Best.
''The Turks don't need that many soldiers,'' one Western diplomat said,''so there's leeway for a concession.''
''For some players, this may be just another win, a few more dollars and points in the rankings,'' Grabb said, ''but this is kind of special for me.''
At times, and these are the happiest, they have the feeling that words are being given to them with absolute finality.
He delights, as many climbers do, in harsh and grueling wilderness experiences, recounting - with more than a touch of relish in his voice -an expedition to Baffin Island he mounted in 1985 with a party of friends.
The program doesn't explain, however, why such abundant talent could not sustain her.
It is quite possible that our group did not violate any International Amateur Athletic Federation rules.
''It was a war between the bulls and the bears,'' Zlatko Glamuzina, chief currency dealer of Banco di Sicilia in New York, said.
b-Includes tax credits of $247,000 for the quarter and $715,000 for the 6 months.
At All Souls Unitarian Church in New York, Alisandra B. Jeffers, a daughter of Alexander Jeffers of Maidenhead, England, and Beverly Jeffers of New York, was married yesterday to Frederick David Rackmil, the son of Betty Rackmil of Boston and the late Harry Rackmil.
But, he says, many other issues must first be resolved at the negotiating table, a table so far with a lot of empty chairs.
Carolco Pictures Inc., $75 million of senior notes due 1993, NR/B-1/B.
The fact is that we really know very little about Mozart performance practice.
''I feel like saying, 'Wait, 'I'll be back.'
In the nearby Zeiton section of the city of Gaza, an army foot patrol hugged the side of buildings on a rock-strewn street as youths taunted them.
In its appeal, Lego Systems v. Tyco Industries, Lego argued that the United States Court of Apppeals for the Third Circuit had misinterpreted Federal trademark law.
Pages 38-39 and 80-88 display detailed instructions for the ''deliberate provocations'' that you speak of in the Nandaime operation.
Every year at least 33,000 New York City teen-agers - nearly half of whom are 17 or younger -get pregnant.
The defeat left the Yankees with a 2-7 record on their current trip and marked the 18th time this season they lost a game in their opponent's final time at bat.
Lendl broke Becker only once in the match and that was in the first game.
It was the Legislature of the state that wrote the rules and regulations.
Mr. Brodsky had other changes he said he would recommend in a memo to Mr. Pierro.
''As a journalist, I have spent my career trying to shed light in dark corners,'' he wrote, ''AIDS is surely one of our darkest corners.
''Those teams gave the black community something to cheer about,'' said Monte Irvin, a Hall of Famer and Negro Leaguer who attended Saturday night's ceremony.
Controversy in 70's Dr. Bakker said that he and Dr. Currie had found anatomical evidence that the skull represents a genus from the same family as the tyrannosaurs.
In these cases the boards have argued that they were exercising their best business judgment, and that they had no legal obligation to reveal the reasons for acting as they did.
Believe me, if I put my mind to it, I could produce enough garbage to get my fair share of the hefting and hauling.
Earlier this year Whittle said it had sold about $80 million worth of advertising in the six magazines, guaranteeing advertisers exclusivity in their product category.
Desiring a reservation for Friday, March 11, I wrote to them in January.
It consists of 22 artists born in North, Central and South America, the Caribbean and Spain itself.
The tests New York City uses to license public school teachers are discriminatory, and the city should rely instead on a state-mandated test already in use, a Columbia Law School panel has recommended.
''CONVERGENCES/CONVERGENCIAS,'' at the Lehman College Art Gallery, appears to be yet another tribute to democracy.
Yet if voices were raised, not an official finger was lifted to save 300,000 Germans now proved to be in mortal danger.
Joe Magrane (0-1), also activated from the disabled list, had been out since April 16 with a torn muscle in his right side.
''That's not in the playing rules,'' Manley said, ''so I guess I should have been fined.''
Racing Slew City Slew Wins: Slew City Slew scored a three-length victory over the 1-5 favorite Bet Twice to capture the $64,800 Grade III Salvator Mile yesterday at Monmouth Park in Oceanport, N.J.
Ms. Breen said the committee would ask the public for money.
Congress acted in 1966, the ground-breaking for the Hirshhorn Museum took place in 1969 just before the Johnsons vacated the White House, the dedication came five years later.
Mrs. Fink, a daughter of the company's founder and the estranged wife of Peter R. Fink, the company's president, wants the drug-packaging company to be sold.
Of what other musical can it be said that the correct pronunciation of a vowel provides a moment of exultation that spreads throughout the theater?
I don't think we can afford a piece of technological elegance like that.
Inherent in the Darwinian theory of selection, in Barlow's opinion, is the idea that the better adapted types in a species multiply more successfully.
''Do you think this is really a historical opportunity?''
''I'm throwing them around,'' said Parcells, ''and they're wondering what's going on.''
Miller has been the key, but it took Evans some time to convince some upperclassmen of that fact.
It was the steepest monthly rise since September.
Speakers and performers yesterday included Coretta Scott King, the folk singers Ronnie Gilbert, Pete Seeger and Mr. Yarrow, and Midnight Oil, an Australian rock group.
In a separate action, the union agreed not to call for a strike of the All-Star Game or the playoffs.
Armstrong rose by the count of 9, but Referee Charley Norkus stopped the fight.
Nearly 100 amendments to the bill are pending, but Senate leaders are hoping to pare those down so that the measure can be approved and sent to conference with the House.
Centel rejected these proposals, and in August adopted a shareholders' rights plan, effected a 3-for-2 stock split and increased its dividend.
Joe Corradino of Schimpeler-Corradino Associates, who was hired as a consultant to those planning the rail system in Los Angeles after doing the ridership forecasts for Miami, said any judgment has to consider more than ridership.
Givens and Tyson appeared on the ABC-TV program ''20/20'' Sept. 30.
WINFIELD'S STREAK ENDS Winfield's season-opening hitting streak ended at 9 games, but Henderson extended his to 10.
Journalists at the airport said he was not allowed to leave the plane on which he arrived from Madrid.
What one hears in ''More Sextets,'' as in most Babbitt, is a dazzling interplay of sound with silence and high registers with low.
treaty, but when it comes to START, that's something else.
Over the weekend, in a meeting charged with symbolism, they sat with Mr. Roh at a round table - the President eschewed the throne-like chair Mr. Chun had favored - and discussed their differences.
''But the opportunities are there.
And, unlike most luxury sedans, the 750 presents its walnut with subdued polish.
Mr. Ferrer spoke in his office in the Bronx County Building, the fortress of Mr. Wolfe's novel.
If Yetnikoff once thought he had a special relationship with Tisch, his perception quickly changed.
The seafood and sauces can be prepared a few days ahead of time, refrigerated and then combined and quickly reheated to serve at an informal dinner party or a late Sunday lunch.
- that allow voices, computer data and video images to be transmitted simultaneously over the same line.
No Criticism of Policy on Soviet At this point, only a deal by Mr. Holkeri and Mr. Vayrynen, both non-socialists, to bury their rivalry and team up against the President could deny Mr. Koivisto victory on Feb. 15.
The most important, he said, is just stressing the need to call the police immediately.
When the late Dr. Morton Prince founded the Harvard Psychological Clinic in 1926 as the first institution of its kind, specializing in the treatment of psychoneurosis as well as in research, he asked Dr. Murray to help set it up.
(The top prize in the sommelier competition is also called Le Coq d'Or.)
Strain the liquid into a bowl and discard the solids.
The President of the United States as an opening-night act?
Since his 1960's work with Ornette Coleman, a collaboration that's still going on, the trumpeter has traveled the world, bringing back African and Asian ideas to reshape his own jazz and blues.
Announcing his decision at the State Capitol here, the Governor called on the Denver Water Board to institute rigid conservation measures and explore an alternative site for a smaller dam.
He turned his head and looked away, saying nothing.
''It's always communicating some message.
Alice Arlen, screenwriter: Butch and Sundance are surrounded, ready to spring out, guns ablaze, when a package of humanitarian aid arrives.
Those who buy for investment receive a 20 percent Federal Rehabilitation Investment Tax Credit at the end of five years.
The Brookhaven split cost the town the county leadership even though it has the largest single block of Republican voters in the county.
Kraft executives and employees may not see much change in the combined company, except for the new ownership.
Analysts had lowered their 1988 earnings projections by about 35 cents a share since Jan. 1, primarily because of the agreement to buy Sterling, the New York-based maker of Bayer aspirin, Lysol cleaner and prescription drugs.
One lawyer close to the case said the requests were an attempt to establish that the $5.3 million payment from Mr. Boesky to Drexel - which the Government charges was essentially a concealed payoff - was made for consulting services on deals involving the named companies.
Also included is the home of the writer and ambassador Washington Irving, the Lyndhurst and Vanderbilt mansions, the site of the last encampment of General Washington's Continental Army during the Revolutionary War, Mohonk Mountain House, the Shaker Museum and the Hudson River Museum.
At the same time, more employers are attempting to control costs by reviewing the appropriateness, cost, length and setting of the treatment and by directing the employees to certain cost-effective medical centers and medical plans, said Lawrence B.
Currently there are 616 local school districts, which are governed by local boards of education and which on an average receive 60 percent of their funds through local property taxes.
Judge Gary M. Little of King County Superior Court was found dead Thursday night of a self-inflicted bullet wound to the head, officials said.
Any time that they are ready to come forward on an open basis we would be ready to talk to them.
Other economists fault such policies on a variety of grounds, but Mr. Kemp said, ''I like to think we are offering a comprehensive vision of the future.''
have begun to think in terms of talking with each other instead of hiding behind other Arabs.
Dolly Christian, program manager for affirmative action at I.B.M.
Campeau, who underwent a massage-like course of therapy called Rolfing in the mid-1980's, now attributes his depression to an allergic reaction to anesthesia administered during surgery to correct a hiatal hernia.
But it also most likely means his name will be used in conversations in hotel rooms, the coffee shop and the lobby.
The favorites in Atlantic City play to handicaps in the low single digits.
Some merchants said they would rather see the black congregation take over the 75-year-old church than see it abandoned.
Fortunately, there are steps that can be taken to protect window sills from moisture and rot.
That shortfall in the first three months of people meters, said David Poltrack, vice president in charge of research for CBS, cost the networks ''about $40 million in prime-time audience deficiencies that have to be made up just in prime time.''
Alexander had a 9-0 record over the last two months after being obtained from the Atlanta Braves for John Smoltz, a minor league right-hander.
''The apprentices,'' Said Ead explained, ''seem to be getting fewer.
3 auto maker, based in Highland Park, Mich., said in a prepared statement that the changes were ''to more clearly define responsibilities and accountability for all company operations.''
The fifth and smallest, cap askew and long coat flapping as he walked, wore blue.
But he declined to be more specific, saying that information was classified.
The Marot philosophy of integrated interior decoration is manifest throughout the castle, as in the gilt sculpture of the stadtholder-king imposed on a mirror above a marble mantel, and in the painted ceilings with allegoric figures relating to his reign.
''And usually we start to harvest by the first week of May.''
His art grew freer, wiser, more poignant in a way that is rare in postwar American art, where the demand for newness and change has pressured artists into defining personal evolution as continually re-creating themselves from scratch.
Stick the ends of the pieces of plum down into the pastry to secure them.
Like most car museums, Beaulieu changes its displays occasionally, but in any configuration, it shows a healthy proportion of American cars.
''A lot of good things happened in the first inning,'' said Martin.
A spokesman for the immigration service said Mr. Ibarra would be subject to deportation when he completes his treatment, At 16, Mr. Ibarra left school in his small village in the state of Guerrero and headed for Mexico City.
He is succeeding Homi Patel, who has been named chairman of the company and continues as chief executive of Intercontinental Branded Apparel and group executive vice president of Hartmarx Men's Apparel Group.
Mr. Povinelli, who had said he planned to begin college in the fall, bit his lip.
But some of the people who would coordinate the distribution of the donations are having an especially hard time getting there, supervisors of the relief effort said.
Legislators from wheat-growing states won modification of the Agricultural Adjustment Act, to make it slightly easier to restrict imports interfering with subsidized American wheat production.
Mr. Brown had an appreciative audience.
Neil Sedaka, Francoise Sagan, Princess Firyal of Jordan, Paloma Picasso and Gerald and Florence Van der Kemp were some other guests.
''There is a mistake almost on every page,'' Stephen Hess, an expert on politics and the press and a scholar at the Washington-based Brookings Institution, said of the volume by Mr. Deaver.
What it is is a economy that's continuing to provide lots of jobs.''
In the year 271, with the city once more vulnerable to attack, the Emperor Aurelian began to build a new wall.
The club will have 15-foot ceilings and carpeted floors, and 44 state-of-the-art, all-wood Gold Crown Brunswick tables.
U.N.-bashing continued, partly because there was substantial justice to charges of ineffectiveness, rigidity and waste.
The next big test for Pakistan will be over whether Afghan rebels can succeed in toppling the Soviet-backed Government in Kabul, and whether any refugees will return to those Afghan areas seized by the rebels.
Thus there could be no ''final battle'' between conquerors and natives.
In addition we now have such historians as Barbara Wheaton, for whom a cookbook is a way of reading another world: her ''Savoring the Past'' conjures five centuries of French social, cultural and economic life by analyzing what happened in the kitchen and at the table.
The White House argues that plant-closing notification would intrude unduly into the affairs of corporate America.
The appeals court, which reversed a lower court ruling, instructed the lower court to order Huntington to rezone the site to allow a nonprofit housing agency to build low-income housing in a predominantly white section of town.
Mr. Scanlon can be reached at 718-669-8548.
Ned Beatty, Charles Kimbrough and Ken James are good as anachronistic, 1920's-style Chicago opportunists, not above frying an innocent man in the electric chair to gain, or hold onto, political office.
Couples pulled into a tie with a 67 on his final round.
Now there's a simile to be your umbrella on a rainy, rainy day: >like ugly on an ape.
members from Latin American countries invited as guests to the United States Olympic Committee House of Delegates meetings last week.
''Then there's Ugly George,'' Ms. Maslin said, ''who approaches women on the street and talks them into undressing for his cable television show, and who describes himself here as a hard-working businessman living out an all-American success story.
The first is a gritty, realistic visual style that I have grown to respect and value.
The sale is part of the $10 billion of long-term bonds the corporation expects to sell in the next few years to recapitalize the Federal Savings and Loan Insurance Corporation.
The order was signed by Darrell M. Pederson, acting manager for airliner certification.
That we get to study the collections in no more than a few of their aspects is owed to a wise decision taken early on.
You got to take your shot at whatever happens.
cocktail parties to the ''lunch bunch,'' arts and crafts and the annual Mardi Gras Ball.
TWO DAYS BEFORE that conversation, 2,000 people came to listen to a series of lectures about Islam that Ali sponsored.
The collection now contains about 100 works by some of the finest craftsmen of the last quarter century.
acting as our agent in exploration and reconnaissance, carrying pollen and information from world to world just as terrestrial insects carry pollen from flower to flower.
Dance, she says, enabled her to identify herself with - in some sense to inhabit - the squares and rectangles of her paintings.
To prevent that, much of the work in closing a radioactive dump consists of immobilizing the wastes in concrete or other material and capping the pit to keep out rain.
IT seems perverse, but one of the biggest problems facing a new collector is where to find stamps.
But the use of crack has grown so quickly that it has overturned the old drug industry in many urban neighborhoods.
One squeezes the plastic foam together for 10 or 15 seconds until it is bonded by the glue.
Earlier this year, two black students were beaten at his school after they were seen with a white female student.
Some members of the Microelectronics and Computer Technology Corporation, another Austin-based consortium, have complained of difficulties in getting companies to share their best ideas and talent.
Unable to understand English and to communicate directly with school principals and teachers, many Hispanic parents have to depend on their children to explain what is going on.
Today, the correct way for a woman to dress is simply the way that suits her.
Some of my married friends recognized my need and introduced me to their widowed friends, and I met others through volunteer work and in courses I took.
The chairman of the House Banking Committee produced his bill on providing new powers for banks.
Though the name was familiar, we did not.
How can New York meet social needs and still keep a strong tax base?
Many of the 12 investigators from the Prosecutor's Office and the local police department assigned to the case are trying to unravel these dealings, officials said.
The unit has been beset with operational problems and revolving-door management, and continues to lose share to McDonald's.
They all, even the dissolute Burgess, proved to be useful ''servants of the crown'' in the Foreign Office and British intelligence services during the war against Hitler, when their two masters were fighting a common enemy.
The Devils, who originated in Kansas City as the Scouts in 1974 and became the Colorado Rockies in 1976, went from bad to worse in their first two seasons after moving from Denver to the New York metropolitan area in 1982.
''We are not for the Government and we are not against the Government,'' said a dockworkers' leader, a short, burly man in a baseball cap who spoke above the loud slapping sound of the day's only waterfront activity, a ferociously contested domino game on the porch at union headquarters.
It made more sense to give sites to the subsidized developers that would not be appropriate for market-rate development, he contended.
But I definitely like a big soprano voice that soars over chorus and orchestra without wobble, harshness or other distortion; that is Dame Eva Turner.
It was not enough, however.
''I certainly have no plans to do that, gracious as it might be.''
She was 67 years old.
Mr. Fang said the invitation was hand-delivered to him on Wednesday by a visitor from Taiwan.
Although publishers say they do not foresee relief in price and availability before 1993, several newsprint suppliers predict a decline in demand -and presumably in prices - by 1990.
The tailback Chris Williams ran for a 5-yard touchdown with 10 minutes 4 seconds to play to give North Carolina State a 10-3 upset of Clemson today in an Atlantic Coast Conference game.
What competencies do we expect from a person who has received a high school diploma?
A4 OPEC is headed toward a price war over the next few months as the 13 members of the find themselves locked into irreconcilable positions.
State lawmakers approved issuance of about $91 million in 10-year bonds as part of a $129 million plan to secure the money of depositors after the court-ordered closure of E.S.M.
Joel S. O'Connor, an ecologist with the Waste Management Institute of the State University of New York at Stony Brook, said that the report was a ''technically good job that points out a problem that is not widely recognized enough.''
EDWARD S. YOUNG York, Pa., Aug. 12, 1988 The writer is a member of the Pennsylvania Beekeepers Association.
In a letter of protest to Ambassador Papoulias, the chairman of Howard's department of political science, Hilbourne A. Watson, noted that he had learned ''personally'' of the denunciation and said he was ''strongly opposed'' to such an attack on Professor Stavrou.
One of those is Stew Leonard's, the huge dairy supermarket in Norwalk, where sales of fish have remained brisk, according to Nick Milillo, the store's director of operations.
About six months ago a restaurant nearby was doing land-office business.
In another variation, Dr. Vineberg surrounded the heart with tissue, rich in blood vessels, taken from the patient's abdominal cavity.
But they add that the Hilton made some slips that left it vulnerable, and neglected the importance of good connections, known in Chinese as guanxi.
If I get two strikes on a guy and reach for a little extra, I'd feel it.''
The Soviets say their goal is military parity and a defensive posture for both sides in western Europe.
At the exhibit, Ms. Walker pointed out books with volvelles, or rotating wheels.
Mr. Bregman, who expects to receive an M.B.A. degree in May from New York University, practiced law in New York for six years.
Satisfaction From Democrats Mr. Fitzwater said he was not sure whether Mr. Reagan had been watching the Democratic convention, but White House staff members admitted they had tuned in.
Typically, they have been fixated on numbers and ratios and have deliberately accommodated the peculiar interests and objectives of all parties - that is, they have allowed them to keep what they wanted and have put a floor under spending, both in the aggregate and with regard to individual weapons systems.
''It was harrowing,'' she said.
Allow to cool, uncovered, to room temperature.
One analysis by the Federal Home Loan Bank found that the median price of a home in the region had more than doubled between the beginning of 1983 and the spring of 1988, to $192,000, even though the average family income in the region had increased by slightly under 27 percent in the same period, to $41,700.
And the Japanese are said to be discussing the idea of a worldwide series of hot lines.
The Presidential campaign of Senator Bob Dole hired a new advertising agency today, the latest phase of a debate over television strategy that some aides said had persuaded Mr. Dole not to respond to Vice President Bush's last-minute offensive last week in New Hampshire.
The winner remains in first place in the N.F.C.
Cure Doesn't Match the Disease ''The notion that a one-hour, or two-hour, cross-market shutdown is an appropriate, and exclusive, cure to the disease that brought us Oct. 19 is not responsive from a public policy point of view,'' Mr. Rohatyn said.
A truck lost its brakes and rammed a restaurant today, injuring five people.
Some of the women with breast cancer whom I have come to know do very well.
A1 A bittersweet farewell as the G.O.P.
The longest sentence, 12 years, was given to Mosiuoa Patrick Lekota, the publicity chairman of the United Democratic Front.
Robert Schmetterer, president of the agency, said the service keeps 1,300 bits of information on each physician, including which schools they attended and what their grades were.
The school district serves 1,722 students in Pearl River High School, two elementary schools and a middle school.
Hot, though, is precisely what Keith Hernandez and Tim Teufel are.
MADONNA:''It's a metaphor - it's not just about Hollywood.
The bridegroom is a grandson of the late Mr. and Mrs. Van Ness Philip of Dongan Hills, S.I., and of the late Mr. and Mrs. William FitzGibbon of of Bedford.
continued to experience slow growth and problems in making debt repayments.
He is survived by a daughter, Helen Ashley of Manhattan.
''Traditionally, what they've done is cover up and try to minimize the problem,'' said Ms. Berliner.
''I'm convinced we understand New York City,'' he said.
If locks are unnecessary, why the safe?
There were 6,300 contestants nationwide and the regional winners were all in their 30's - all but one.
'Pessimism Took Over' ''On Monday, the bulls almost totally evaporated as pessimism took over,'' Mr. Seagle said.
unit that parachuted into France in 1943 to help with the resistance.
What is the mechanism for relieving that frustration?
Rabbi David softly kissed the scrolls as he took them from the Mayor and Mr. Ward.
If the Navy can play even a small part in improving the abilities of America's youth, then certainly it will benefit -as will business and government.
Mr. Green, 54 years old, had been charged with eight counts alleging theft, fraud and lying to a grand jury.
They said a 15-count charge, which points to widespread corruption in the Mexican military and police, has infuriated the Government of Mexico, which learned of the investigation only on Thursday.
Bright-time people, content with these relatively accessible objects, are thought to have developed easy-going and serene personalities, compared with their dark-time counterparts.
For ticket information call 293-2222.
Last week, Mr. Murray filed a petition for a re-hearing.
''As an industrial plant, they shouldn't really have any deer on that at all.''
Sightseeing Several places near Auxerre are worth the trip, including Avallon, with many ancient buildings, the wine town and area of Chablis and the nature reserve of Le Morvan.
''Usually there are about half as many homes on the market,'' he said.
The Southern California Edison Company and the Western Oil and Gas Association have prepared alternative smog plans that they say would work faster and more cheaply than the official plan to control ozone by reducing hyrdocarbon emissions rather than nitrogen oxides, which are emitted chiefly by industries like Edison.
Three sisters, separated by fate, and the lawyer whose mission is to find and reunite them.
''I'm going to crash my car.''
Prince Mohammed was known as ''the maker of kings'' because he twice appeared to have passed up the throne in favor of two of his younger half-brothers, King Faisal and King Khalid.
The potential for higher inflation was consistent with recent reports on the gross national product, employment, producer prices and capacity utilization.
Since acquiring the corridor from the Penn Central in 1976, the Federal Government has spent more than $2 billion to rehabilitate the roadbed and improve service.
''Basically, you have stability when you have that,'' he said.
As its title announces, the record is a poison-pen letter to the world.
The Standard & Poor's index of 500 blue chips rose 0.08, to 267.38, and the Big Board's composite index was up 0.10 point, to 150.53.
Alongside, there was a spoonful of his highly seasoned tartar sauce.
He's improved so much in three years that it's amazing.
In each of these branches, a separate office or suite of offices has been set up for two financial counselors from Invest.
''We started off the season with a real good road record and then we just went terrible,'' he said.
But broadcast exposure demands expensive marketing and promotion, and the audience it reaches can be fickle compared to music fans who'll go out of their way to find what they love.
It has promised before but the promise is more credible now, since Moscow, Hanoi's financier, wants to quit pouring in millions.
''It was a failure to start, not a start failure,'' said Joseph A. Lombardo, the engine project manager at the Marshall Space Flight Center in Huntsville, Ala. Twice, shuttle launchings have been aborted because of failures after the engines started firing.
For nine frenetic days, the doctors - who comprise their country's Committee on Alcoholism - saw firsthand how alcoholism is treated in the United States.
Sounds that are too loud might hurt a fetus, some doctors say.
Two other demands have already been met: a promise of a 15 percent United Nations staff cut and a promise that the Soviet Union will let its citizens accept career posts at the Secretariat.
And at the age of 85, Mr. Horowitz's finger technique puts most other pianists to shame.
The Tanglewood gala, the first of four programs paying tribute to his career, is expected to bring together artists as diverse as Christa Ludwig and Kitty Carlisle Hart, Hildegard Behrens and Lauren Bacall, Van Cliburn and Roddy McDowall, Yo-Yo Ma and Adolph Green, Mstislav Rostropovich and Phyllis Newman.
''There are many other entitlement programs which people on both sides of the aisle recognize need reform,'' he said.
We still support no-fault laws, but not as a cost-control mechanism.
Does this mean it's their personal Olympics?
''When it became clear that the market was not reacting well to our plans, the authorities should have stepped in quickly and asked for further information, because we responded fully when they eventually did,'' said the executive, who asked not to be identified.
The apparatus pumps a blood substitute through the heart while maintaining electrical, chemical and physical environments with the help of a computer.
And when the young people borrow a car as part of their scheme, there's a Chuck Berry song on the radio.
Promising to crack down on disorder, without abandoning his effeort to liberalize society, Mr. Gorbachev noted, ''I must say we receive a great number of letters from working people in every republic with remarks that we are at times too tolerant with regard to extremists.''
''We will do our best,'' Dr. Musser said.
''You say this is war - then treat it as such.
Legalization raises a host of questions about treatment of minors: would drugs be legal for them too?
The reversal was found in 10 of 12 patients in the experimental treatment group, while 11 of 17 patients in the control group got worse.
For a brochure with complete listings for each of the 5 P.M. recitals, call 693-2506.
$163,000 12 Pompano Lane 4-bedroom, 2-bath, 30-year-old Cape Cod; basement, eat-in kitchen, 1-car garage; taxes $2,800.
They will play the Devils Saturday and the Boston Bruins Sunday.
It was a very unusual circumstance.
In the near term, the National Institute on Drug Abuse, in conjunction with single state agencies, local drug abuse officials and drug treatment provider representatives, should develop a strategic plan for increasing the capacity of the drug treatment system so that the goal of treatment on demand can be met.
He also played for three National League teams -the Milwaukee Braves, the Philadelphia Phillies and the St. Louis Cardinals - but not for long.
But the Rangers were superior in the third period and defeated the Capitals, 3-1, at Madison Square Garden to move into sole possession of second place in the Patrick Division behind Pittsburgh.
Bean, which has its headquarters in Freeport, opened the facility in 1987.
He was imprisoned in 1979 for planning and carrying out terrorist attacks and released in the 1985 prisoner exchange.
Put in Spanish-speaking jailers, and you actually reinforce their segregation, both in jail and when they get out.
In at least some instances, a consultant with a source of information inside the Pentagon struck deals with other consultants who had relationships with the appropriate military contractor.
He has much the stronger organization.
In New London County, where the limit was decreased, from $136,000 to $110,000, the president of the local Board of Realtors, Nicholas Palmerone, said the finance authority used to write mortgages on 30 percent of the houses he sold.
As it happens, one of my keenest discoveries last year was a plant whose name starts with the canonical letter.
BRICKLAYING with sand instead of mortar requires very little skill and is an easy way to create handsome walkways, patios and even driveways.
She rents it by the year.
But he said the front is concerned about ''the future of the Moroccan administration and army,'' and that details of their retreat would have to be worked out in negotiations.
The mahogany bar once propped up drinkers at an earlier incarnation of the Tremont House, Galveston's most elegant 19th-century hotel.
The individual subscription begins at $45 a year.
Mr. Isaacson, who spoke on employee benefits at the recent annual convention of the International Association for Financial Planning and elaborated on his remarks in an interview, offered advice in a number of key areas: * Retirement plans: With people living longer, the company plan may be only a base on which to build.
Richard A. Grasso, a man instrumental in improving the back office operations of the New York Stock Exchange, was named yesterday as the exchange's next president, replacing Robert J. Birnbaum, who is retiring.
''I couldn't have been more pleased,'' Mr. Bush said here.
The author of ''In Patagonia'' goes to Australia to learn the secret of invisible, mythological trails that the aborigines see running everywhere.
Transition officials said the Bush team has not abandoned Mr. Reagan's goal of creating a defense against nuclear missiles, but they said their vision of what that shield should be, and how it can be practically achieved, is different.
Now that Mr. Webb has gone, a telephone inquiry to the Academy disclosed that the book was once again not available at the bookstore, not because it had again fallen from favor but because it is so popular that it is difficult to keep copies in stock.
''You've got to keep growing,'' he said.
To this end, he built his own film studio in Marseilles, which had the dual virtue of being steeped in the milieu that inspired him, while keeping Pagnol at a far remove from the cosmopolitan pressures of Paris's ''le tout show business.''
Rejection on Cottonseed Oil Also today, the Court refused to hear an appeal by the cottonseed-oil industry challenging a Federal rule that requires the industry to monitor and do medical testing of cottonseed-processing employees.
Despite his success with the Giants, McFadden said he had no illusions.
By pure coincidence, it was in 1975 that doctors first succeeded in bringing Brezhnev out of a state of clinical death, and also to return to him the ability to move and speak which he lost for a time.
But you can try to balance comedy and acting in the future.
One has the impression that on further acquaintance it might resolve itself into a kind of fierce but poised bagatelle.
Drabek, who has clearly shaken off the effects of his last loss, a 9-0 thrashing here in June, won his fifth consecutive decision and improved to 10-5, limiting the Mets to six hits in six innings.
(AP) - Paul Dresens had 363 all-purpose yards and a touchdown for Tufts (3-1-1).
The visitor is a musical illiterate, but he knows that in B-flat, ''.
''Let's just say that diplomacy was required in both,'' he replied diplomatically.
''What I really want,'' the man confessed, ''is a cattle car.''
The Olympic tournament is limited to the top 12 teams at the world championships, which were held last fall in Rotterdam (there are 6 gymnasts to a team), and 24 gymnasts from other countries in individual events.
But once production is in high gear, an extra camera from the assembly line costs just $50 to make.
Just four years ago, Lauren entered Little Village unable to walk, talk or communicate in any fashion.
''We need to have major, strong corporations in our system,'' said C. Anson Franklin, the department's chief spokesman and representative on Capitol Hill.
Though catfish does appear occasionally as a special at New York restaurants such as Charley O's, Friday's and Houlihan's, it is carried by only one wholesaler at New York's bustling Fulton Fish Market: ''People up here still aren't used to it,'' says Tom Sentina, sales manager for Wading River Seafood.
But if rusting continues, sections of the furniture may become so corroded that repair is impossible.
Mr. Sarney took office without a popular election and had no experience with democratic institutions.
But once the plate was crossed, the only way to prevent the run from counting would be to get the batter at first base, which was hardly possible in this example.
No New 'Star Wars' Offers A senior State Department official told reporters today, for example, that the Administration does not plan to make an important compromise proposal on the ''Star Wars'' space-based missile defense during the Geneva talks.
In the fifth, with one run across and Dave Magadan on first base, Strawberry struck out again on a tailing fastball.
#3 Indicted Last Year They forced Ms. Myerson's resignation as Cultural Affairs Commissioner in April 1987 and were publicized again when the indictment was handed up last October, when Ms. Myerson was charged with conspiracy, mail fraud, obstruction of justice and using interstate facilities to violate state bribery laws.
The military prosecutor informed Professor Aruri at first of certain broad charges - but not the evidence behind them.
FOR many poor youths, education is their exodus from a dismal environment.
Unpopular verdicts are always subject to criticism, but the jury alone was presented with all the evidence.
But do not expect the verbal fireworks that such a confrontation could set off theatrically.
Revenues fell 4 percent, to $3.61 billion, from $3.76 billion in the first quarter of 1987.
The conductors will be Justin Brown, Mario Bernardi, George Manahan and Mr. Crosby; singers include Frederica von Stade, Tatiana Troyanos, Ashley Putnam and Sheri Greenawald.
''Our task,'' he added, ''is to show that there are differences.''
Interviewed by the biographer and literary critic Claire Tomlin and the science-fiction writer Brian Aldiss, Mrs. Lessing discusses works including ''The Good Terrorist'' (1985) and her most recent novel, ''The Fifth Child,'' in which a violent, alien baby is born to an ideal family.
''One area of interest is manufacturing.''
''He watered down the fight game.
Their testimony generally confirmed findings by the Governor's Task Force on Immigration Affairs that New York City employers were engaging in widespread discrimination.
With half of all mothers of infants working outside the home, the problem is vast, and Government will have to be involved in any comprehensive effort to increase the availability and quality of child care and to make it more affordable to working parents.
She suggests it may not be practical to ask countries to eradicate marijuana or coca crops, which provide a livelihood to so many people.
Official press informants in both cities said people who left their homes, fearing violence, were trickling into the two southern Soviet capitals.
Most of the people around Surry County know someone whose brother or cousin has seen it, a ball of light.
The price rise was hardly indicative of a newly found euphoria, however.
The survey results were announced by Maryann Roper, acting deputy director of the National Cancer Institute, at a seminar in New York sponsored by the institute and by Hoffmann-La Roche Inc., a pharmaceutical company.
Texaco, meanwhile, issued an earnings report today that showed the financial impact of its efforts to settle with Pennzoil and emerge from bankruptcy.
Mary Kristin Klein, a daughter of Mr. and Mrs. Paul L. Klein Jr. of Morgan Hill, Calif., and William Joseph Donahoe, a son of Col. and Mrs. Joseph Donahoe of Cincinnati, were married yesterday.
Tickets for the dance concerts range from $12 to $15; student admission is $10.
Rabbi Sidney H. Brooks officated.
A1 Spain has offered political asylum under certain conditions to Gen. Manuel Antonio Noriega, Panama's military ruler, Spanish officials said.
Claudette Beaulieu, a spokesman for the Connecticut Department of Income Maintenance, said the state had never done a study to learn why.
The statement by Dr. Richard R. Green came as law-enforcement officials tried to dispel fears of retaliation that could silence people with knowledge of corruption in city school boards.
It is applied like paint, using a wide, disposable brush.
Aside from MIG's, you also face formidable surface-to-air missiles, antiaircraft artillery and even small-arms fire.
Spinks is said to weigh 210 pounds, compared with the 200 pounds he was when he won the International Boxing Federation title from Holmes in September 1985.
''We told them that they could not keep using slogans given to them by the American Embassy,'' said Marcelino Guido, a local Sandinista official.
On March 10, 1983, shortly after Ms. Burford's resignation, Mr. Olson appeared before a House Judiciary subcommittee to discuss the Administration's reasons for withholding the documents.
Seymour W. Weiner, an executive and former head of school board associations, died of lung cancer Thursday at Community Hospital in Glen Cove, L.I.
The defense tries to intercept or knock down the disc.
''The second-floor living quarters would have seemed a lonely spot without her there waiting for me.''
Between then and now, though, Brett batted .290 in each season and hit a total of 38 home runs and knocked in a total of 151 runs.
The decision paved the way for a trial over the use of alumnae donations and Wheaton's decision in favor of coeducation.
Two weeks after the Canadian election, trade ministers of 96 nations are to meet in Montreal to try to assess progress in the broad liberalization talks - the so-called Uruguay Round.
and all the other imaginary enemies he blames for the national economic disaster, but he refuses to place blame on his own Government,'' said a commentary in the opposition newspaper La Prensa.
'' Suffering From Dementia In the last few weeks before Robert died, Covenant House arranged to get him a hotel room.
The appeals court said today that the same judge who had found a prison sentence appropriate for Mr. Adamson in the plea agreement cited no new evidence in later finding a death sentence appropriate for the same murder.
In my mind, this is not a fiduciary issue, it's not a question of somehow shrinking the opportunity that the foundation has.''
Caucus chairman tells each group in advance how many people it will need to be ''viable,'' or big enough to elect delegates for that candidate.
The scheme is to turn neighbor against neighbor, and worker against worker, and male against female, and black against white.
''Spinoffs are what reference book publishing is all about,'' said Jonathan P. Latimer, publisher of Houghton Mifflin's reference books.
Elaine El-Khawas, the council's vice president for policy analysis and research, said: ''Over all, college debts are increasing.
The playwright died (of cirrhosis of the liver) on June 21 at the age of 41.
Linking ''The Birthday Party'' to ''One for the Road'' and ''Mountain Language,'' he said they all dealt with ''the destruction of an individual.''
He accused the Security Council of condoning Palestinian violence against Israel but condemning Israeli countermeasures.
That means that unemployment may actually grow under the new program, at least in the short run.
But there's no - I've never supported meetings just for the sake of having a meeting.
A. I assume that the wall outlet is ''hard wired'' (permanently connected to the phone).
But earlier this month, Mr. Toffler acknowledged that he and Dr. Heidi Toffler, his wife and partner, had erred a decade ago in their otherwise prescient predictions on the rise of the home office.
Instead, the fabric or leather covering is applied around and over a frame.
Maurice A. Donahue, whom the delegates had just endorsed for governor, didn't want Mr. Dukakis.
Dan Rather did not back off.
The Los Angeles-based insurer and Batus Inc., the United States subsidiary of B.A.T., each filed new legal challenges to regulatory rulings issued over the proposed takeover.
When the nation ''came up against identified individuals who needed dialysis, the choice was to fund,'' said Arthur Caplan, the director of the Center for Biomedical Ethics at the University of Minnesota.
Dr. Baltimore, a Nobel Prize-winner for virus research, proposed that the experimental technique be called ''intracellular immunization.''
But some environmental groups withheld their support for the House bill, saying it did not go far enough to provide the public with true protection from dangerous pesticides.
Even on the most hackneyed subjects he offers fresh angles of vision, whether he is observing that Richard Nixon's antecedents were as Irish as John Kennedy's, or introducing us to Will Campbell, a preacher who consorted with both the Southern Christian Leadership Conference and the Ku Klux Klan.
''I'm not into numbers,'' McReynolds said.
in which Mr. Gray listed himself as opposing legislation to protect the textile industry.
When the Dutch occupied central Java, he refused to cooperate and confined himself to his palace, where he directed fighting units throughout the country.
The Style of a Caudillo They are particularly alarmed that Mr. Menem, Governor of La Rioja Province for the last five years, won the party primary with the support of old-style labor bosses closely identified with the stormy past of the nationalist neo-fascist movement founded by Gen. Juan D. Peron in 1944.
''The problem is, you don't think a lot of padlocks.''
The Senate campaign aired three television spots in August: one in which Mr. Bentsen explained why he was on the ballot twice and two others about his Senate achievements.
We have also asked them to make the prices less expensive.''
Mr. Gielgud also resists the sentimental.
My ballet reflects only agony.
It is on the main street of the village; there is no formal address, but there is a telephone.
Now 67 percent of the students in the schools are black, and the school system has one of the worst academic records among the state's suburban school districts.
She offered no explanation for her decision, other than to say it was based on personal reasons.
But he did not suggest any specific steps to resolve the matter, or offer to intercede.
''All of us are interested in the survival of the Jewish people,'' Mr. Wolfson said.
For Krazy developed a platonic passion for the Father of the Bomb, J. Robert Oppenheimer, and so Krazy, who had always experienced Ignatz's bricks as missiles of love, tries to absorb Oppie's megabrick in the same blithe spirit.
Urban forestry is a blending of traditional forestry and arborticulture.
This, in turn, can fan inflation psychology.
The device is geared to those who do not believe that watching television always means sitting at home with one's feet up.
The group also plans to open a wax ''Rock Circus'' in 1989 in Piccadilly Circus featuring rock-and-roll greats from Bill Haley on.
BASEBALL CALIFORNIA (AL) - Announced that Gene Mauch, manager, left the team for health reasons.
And he may choose not to comment about it.
But partition with a difference.
Absent for Most of Trial Although his extensive pre-trial confession formed the major part of the case against Abu Nidal, Mr. Khaled appeared only on the first day of the two-month trial, which was held in a courtroom at the Rebibbia prison.
Mr. Dempster then picked up a long coil of plastic hose, and began playing it in a fine display of the novel notion that anything can be an instrument.
Warner Communications Inc. and the Lorimar Telepictures Corporation announced today that they had signed a definitive agreement for Warner to acquire Lorimar, producer of ''Dallas'' and other hit TV shows, in a stock swap.
Alaska for Bush, Hawaii, closer, for Dukakis.
For a list of agencies that arrange such rentals, get in touch with the Italian Government Travel Office, 630 Fifth Avenue, New York, N.Y. 10111 (212-245-4822).
The beer industry spends more than $200 million a year to spread the message to television watchers that beer and sports go together.
His paper's ''reactions'' to a Quayle Presidency include the headline ''Americans Kneel in Prayer, Refuse to Rise.''
This is no insignificant thing, considering the way so many histories meander aimlessly.
How do they cope with intellectuals, whose expertise is absolutely necessary for modernization, but whose ideology seems to undermine the dictatorship of the proletariat?
As it was, the heart queen forced the ace and the defense was in a position to draw trumps.
But if the President refused to tell the public he was seriously ill, a White House physician could feel great pressure to speak out if he believed there was reason for the public to know.
We don't trust the Abrams investigation.''
''It was a sign of manliness; if a young man didn't have a head to show, he couldn't get married,'' said Judith John Baptist, the museum ethnographer.
And I think if we get rid of the labels and, I'm not keeping count, but I think Mr. Bush has used the label ''liberal'' at least 10 times.
The resolution, which caught the State Department by surprise, is an embarassment for the United States since the European Parliament consists of members from 12 European countries generally friendly to the United States.
Mr. Philips is also a storyteller and the author of ''Legendary Connecticut,'' a book of Connecticut tales, including several dealing with ghostly beings.
Ms. Belle opened the show, and with her opening improvisation on ''You Got the Love,'' it was clear that she wasn't going to settle for the restrained performances on her recent record.
The best it could do was transfer the deposits to the National Bank of Alaska, the state's biggest bank, which made it easier, in a technical sense, for the F.D.I.C.
''But also, they have a very potent passing game, and we felt that the best way to defend against that is to control the ball, to keep it away from them.''
All 3 Are Vulnerable Ms. Oakar said: ''The role of the caucus is not just to demonstrate consensus.
The school is situated in a subdivision of split-level, ranch-style homes on large lots, a product of the rapid growth over the last few years of Wappinger, whose population is now 20,000.
Researchers have known for 20 years that dynein is the motor for the movement of sperm tails and also for cilia, the small hairlike projections that are found on the lining of the lungs and elsewhere.
The 78-year-old Mr. Rodino, who defeated Mr. Payne in the 1980 and 1986 primaries, announced in March that he would not seek re-election after 40 years representing the district.
3 in the city in a state sportswriters' poll, will be favored over St. Francis (6-2).
Audiences or record companies or the artists themselves often assumed that music for jukeboxes somehow had to be compromised; in this case, the only compromise was the addition of an organ, the occasional fade-outs at the end of tunes, and the track length, which rarely goes beyond six minutes.
''Bernstein was one of Marc's great hopes in the next generation for carrying on the same kind of Broadway and conservatory amalgam in which he himself was interested.''
The whole thing has become a matter of dispute between the U.S., which sees its principles at stake, and Israel, which sees important needs involved.
A moderately restrictive monetary policy could mean some upward pressure on interest rates, but no big spike.
Hundreds of police officers and soldiers used tear gas to disperse mourners and marching students at the funeral of a black youth leader today.
During the campaign, several distinguished intellectuals were expelled from the Communist Party and many writers, playwrights and artists ceased working for more than six months out of fear of political retribution.
The authorities have discovered two large cocaine-processing complexes during a new anti-drug offensive that for the first time involves Colombia's armed forces.
Growth and Austerity Underlying these developments is the fact that foreign art museums like the Louvre, the British Museum, the Prado and the National Galleries of Scotland have all grown in recent years.
The senior Administration official said that it would take a day or two to get full accounts of the meeting.
'' Another key element of the program is that while Prep for Prep helps place students in private schools, they do not go unless they are completely qualified to compete with their peers.
To me, downtown Huntington was a city, like Providence, while Northport was reminiscent of the oldest parts of Groton, on the Thames River.
He has seen estimates of 100 million striped bass in the Hudson system.
Meanwhile, the other half interest was sold by the Elizabeth Dole trust to the same partnership.
But in subsequent interviews, Lewis held to his claim.
Julius J. Ferretti, the inventor of a 1923 matchbook-making machine and of several air pollution control devices, died Monday in a nursing complex in Bridgeport, Conn., where he lived.
Pensions Would Cost Millions Pensions would cost $3 million to $5 million a year, Robert W. Linn, the director of the city's Office of Municipal Labor Relations, said, and using taxes to pay for that would force other city programs to be cut.
But what finally convinced Mr. Wiesenthal to give the go-ahead, he thinks, is that Mr. Cooper listened more than he talked.
The tie knocked Michigan (3-2-1, 2-0-1) out of a tie with Indiana and Illinois for the Big Ten lead.
It is a parable about the clash between a dedicated healer and a dedicated pursuer of heretics, over whether God prefers to tend man's body or scourge his soul.
Now the thrust of student protests has shifted to the reunification issue.
The dollar opened at 131.50 yen, up 4.55 yen from Thursday's close of 126.95 yen, and was trading at late morning at about 130.85 yen.
She continues: ''The neighborhood was nice.
The record is a masterpiece.
in 1967 when Yuri V. Andropov, who later served as Soviet leader, was head of the secret police and intelligence agency .
No outsider can know for certain where the truth lies in such a case.
I'm too selfish about my time.''
''Joy Ryder'' uses quick, telegraphic phrases in two-part counterpoint; ''Cathay'' sets a gliding melody above the beat; ''Anthem'' starts out marching, then pauses to reflect.
Mr. Hatcher said that freezing military spending would save another $60 billion a year by 1993.
''It sounds kind of loony, I know,'' he said.
All items have already been reviewed by a community board and must be passed upon by the Board of Estimate.
The 200 units will be low-density townhouses - a plan, known as scattered site housing, recommended a year ago by the court housing adviser, Oscar Newman.
He spent the rest of the period on the bench.
called a timeout at 12:28 and then scored 8 straight points, 4 by Armstrong.
Last April it was learned that Steve Cokely, an assistant to Mayor Eugene Sawyer of Chicago, had made anti-Semitic speeches for two years to the black religious group, Nation of Islam.
postions that he said were objectionable to most Americans.
The 36-year-old Cawley, who now lives in Naples, Fla., was the only person chosen this year by the hall's 11-member selection panel, which is headed by Bill Talbert.
The love and desire are still there.''
Fearing a shortage of the paper on which they print their books, publishers of mass-market paperbacks are talking about cutting back print runs on certain books and possibily not printing some books at all.
''Please come see me in Moscow,'' he said, handing out his card.
This package of legislation is comprehensive, but certainly not radical.
Mr. Wright said also that he had been informed earlier in the day that the President of Honduras had not asked for military assistance.
Authors with Dr. Garden were Dr. M. Kerry O'Bannion, Dr. Lori S. Sheinitz, Dr. Kevin S. Pinski, Dr. Abnoeal D. Bakus, Dr. M. E. Reichmann and Dr. John P. Sundberg.
As Mr. Gorbachev gained confidence, and pushed aside older colleagues, he turned up the heat.
There was no small irony to this, of course: What was modern became old-fashioned; what had been old-fashioned became modern.
A tobacco liability suit ended in a hung jury and a mistrial.
Scientists can be wrong, but they try hard to get near the truth, and the best ones are willing to concede that their attempts may be superseded.
McReynolds, 29 years old, wanted a smaller share of his total contract in 1990 because of a possible strike or lockout as owners and players negotiate a new labor agreement, and the Mets wound up agreeing to his request.
''There is very little incentive for producing countries to cut back while it is still profitable,'' Mr. Badenhop said.
The sense of insecurity among the West Germans was not lost on Moscow, which lost no time after the Washington summit in launching a new opening to Bonn.
Pop songs are also extraordinarily terse.
Folding out to a two-page spread discloses a four-brick hole with the headline, ''Maybe you've noticed a change in attitude.''
The victory will come in the form of a vote scheduled by Democratic and Republican leaders Friday morning to formally shut off debate on the bill and bring it up for a vote.
Invest the surplus in productive resources at home.
* ''In view of the crisis situation, it is recommended the number of meals be reduced from three to two.''
Race would almost certainly be a factor in that contest, as would Mr. Dinkins's failure to file Federal, state or city income tax returns for four years 20 years ago.
WITH: Tilda Swinton, Spencer Leigh, Spring, Gay Gaynor, Matthew Hawkins, Gerrard McCarthur, John Phillips and the voice of Nigel Terry.
''Too often,'' he said, ''people become convinced that only their dreams or their causes are legitimate and they deny the rights of others.''
Few of the Amerasians heading here can expect a reunion with their fathers.
Nonrefundable for five years, the issue is rated A-1 by Moody's and A by S.&P.
There are fewer rules, even though we're in relatively conservative times.''
These days, member companies must pay special fees for detailed research reports, education seminars or videotape training guides.
As a result, strength specifications for North Sea platforms have been among the toughest in the world ever since development began in the late 1960's.
But with a speed no one expected, the Sandinistas have met with contra leaders, signed a truce and invited them to the capital for political talks aimed at a final end to the war.
The Christian Democrats characterize their main rightist opponents in the Nationalist Republican Alliance, the party commonly known as ARENA, as extremist murderers and kidnappers.
I'm writing it all down, don't worry.''
The oil should be checked with the engine off.
William McChesney Martin, the Fed's chairman during the 1950's and 1960's, in a famous remark, said, ''The Federal Reserve's job is to take away the punch bowl just as the party gets going.''
Peru's pessimism, however, stems mostly from the feeling that its options are exhausted.
The foundation has not yet filed a plan with county officials, but it has said it hopes to start construction in July.
The CBS News/New York Times poll of 1,214 city Democratic voters as they left the presidential primary polls last April showed that Mr. Jackson had a 53 percent favorable and 39 percent unfavorable rating.
Never mind that a visiting Congressional delegation last year reported no evidence of officially coerced abortions.
Dodgers 2, Expos 1 MONTREAL (AP) - Kirk Gibson and John Shelby hit home runs and Orel Hershiser scattered nine hits to lead Los Angeles.
Instead, he invited reporters and cameramen up to his cabin to watch and photograph him posing, with sleeves rolled up and a serious expression, as if he was making notes on his briefing papers.
Merteuil's foil in the play is the conscience-ridden Madame de Tourvel, for whom illicit passion is so uncontrollable a force that it eventually destroys her.
We set our maximum price, and he tries to get us to pay more.''
Lincoln's next game will be the borough championship on Saturday at Canarsie against Grady, a 56-45 winner over Westinghouse yesterday.
''There are various state laws one could violate with a public hoax, if that's what it was,'' the Governor added.
Last week, however, the staff of the Public Service Commission issued an analysis of the options.
So far, three operations have been completed.
If those numbers are way out of line with expectations, prices could move a lot.''
From here on, for 70 mirthful minutes, Mr. Irwin takes us on a jaunty tour of mock post-modern dance, and, as in past shows, curtains continue to be his nemeses.
Mr. Dukakis also used the appearance to toughen his language toward the Soviet Union.
There were three such points in the ninth game of the second set, the second, third and fourth match points of the afternoon.
Davis made 3 of 4 free throws in the final six seconds as the Pioneers (6-9) held on and snapped a five-game losing streak.
The debtors include a major tractor factory in Kharkov, wood products plants in Krasnoyarsk and Archangelsk, a metallurgical company, shoe and clothing manufacturers and construction companies.
Before July, Mr. Schmiege had been CNW's senior vice president for administration, a title he had held since CNW's formation as a holding company in June 1985.
The unanimous decision, by the Appellate Division of State Supreme Court in Manhattan, threw out a lower court judge's order issued in October.
The Swiss ultimately decided to purchase McDonnell Douglas's F/A-18 Hornet over a version of the General Dynamics F-16.
Americans phoned TV stations en masse to complain about their soap operas' being interrupted.
Bond prices rose only slightly, as the strong rally in the dollar was not enough to overcome the fears of higher short-term interest rates and inflation that plague the credit markets.
In 1853 Henry Engelhard Steinway, a German immigrant, took a loft on Varick Street and went into the piano business.
''Little did I realize that people all over the world would be so interested in her.''
'Consuming Passions' means well,'' he said, ''but its clever ideas and lines are as random as iron filings waiting for a magnet to give them direction.''
But the result is still visually exciting, coming as it does with great bridges that carry actors in tableaux (a horse race, a circus parade) above the heads of the assembled spectators; and the play itself has become sharper and stronger.
Five policemen were killed and 26 were wounded by crowds wielding sticks, swords and catapults, the state radio said, adding that one rioter was killed and several others were wounded.
''A lot of cooking shows focus on the upper end - maintaining class differences in an upwardly mobile society,'' said Dr. George J. Armelagos, a professor of anthropology at the University of Massachusetts at Amherst.
On the same site where Nehemiah proposes to put 3,500 single-family dwellings, the city projects 7,000 to 10,000 units in market-rate high-rises that would yield new millions in city revenues.
''Oil looks like it could be a bit of a plus, because it is difficult to believe that OPEC is going to get its act together,'' said William N. Griggs, a managing director at Griggs & Santow Inc., a financial consulting firm.
Still, 8 of them also showed that they knew what to do with the toy by pulling it apart.
It recently appealed to the State Supreme Court, which has not yet scheduled a hearing.
But the psychiatric assumptions are plain enough: Munchausens may be assuaging guilts, or seeking punishment for who knows what cookie-jar transgressions.
As the audience, including several Israelis, listened intently, Mr. Arafat continued, ''I say to all Shana Tova, meaning good year, and I mean a year of peace - a peace year, a year of peace for all our children, all our people.''
Each canoe will have a crew of two, neither of which may be a member of a varsity sculling, rowing, kayaking or canoeing team.
Even Iran, the most radical advocate of production cuts and higher prices in recent years, is now pumping all the oil that it can, breaking the OPEC quota system and discounting its prices.
OAKLAND (AL) - Agreed to terms with Matt Young, pitcher, on a one-year contract.
I've got to get to the emergency room fast.''
Obviously, Mr. Bowers is in accord with this kind of historical interpretation, which praises the Emperor's personal bravery and portrays his decision as if he had not been informed of military developments until then, as if he had not participated in many decisions at the highest level.
'Get Out From Under' ''This is an attempt to get out from under,'' said the chairwoman of the City Planning Commission, Sylvia Deutsch.
Mario Cuomo, legislation amending the restrictive state statute has not been able to pass the Republican-controlled New York State Senate.
Surviving models are cherished by collectors.
By becominmg involved in such a trade-off, the board is having a hard time attracting top candidates from other airlines to take over the top Pan Am job, some company sources said.
''Deciding Raymond's placement not on the basis of his race, but on the quality of his relationships, will advance the strong public interest in overcoming racial discrimination and will promote the goal that citizens be treated according to their individual human qualities,'' Judge Hannum wrote.
Until the 1960's, a person who lived off the reservation could observe the creation of a sand painting only by visiting the reservation when someone was ill and gaining permission to enter the hogan, a round dwelling of sticks and mud where the ceremony is conducted.
Designed as a spiritual and communal event in which deaf and hearing people may better understand and communicate with each other, the rally will consist of lectures, workshops, skits and music to be sung by a soloist and signed by the church's Sign Choir.
''We put it there as a reminder to keep God-consciousness,'' said Lila Philpott, a 47-year-old former secretary who left San Francisco six years ago to manage The Expanding Light.
Mr. Peizer, 29 years old, has worked in Beverly Hills, Calif., with Michael R. Milken, head of the firm's high-yield ''junk bond'' department and a principal defendant in the large civil action brought in September by the Securities and Exchange Commission.
The report said a lack of adequate management at the 24-year-old reactor may pose a safety threat to workers and the public.
Landry said he doesn't expect to coach into his 70's, but confidently added that he feels the Cowboy job is his until he loses interest.
The case is called Bell v. Lynaugh.
Asked whether that meant that the White House was trying to turn the decision back to Judge Gesell, the senior official did not disagree.
The bill, sponsored by two Democratic Senators, David Boren of Oklahoma and Robert Byrd of West Virginia, has three goals: to limit contributions from PAC's, the special interest political action committees; to close the legal loopholes through which millions of dollars now pass, and, most important, to create voluntary limits on total campaign spending.
In Estonia and Lithuania, they are being promoted by broadly supported grass-roots political groups that have grown out of the recent wave of nationalist activity.
Yet the French have always tended to undervalue Berlioz, even in today's time of national musical revival.
''So I said,'' joked Mr. Cuomo, ''what's the catch?''
Before that final speech there will be, over four days, a procession of speakers chosen to emphasize a specific point.
Despite his boast, the round-faced Mr. Crotty was far from the biggest contributor present.
U S Sprint controls about 7 percent of the long-distance market.
For the first time, the Biennale (this is the third since 1984) has made its dance offerings more than a spectator sport.
''Hopefully this will point out the deficiencies in that program.''
Critical reaction in London to ''The Nerd,'' which starred Rowan Atkinson and was the highest-grossing play in the West End in 1985, was almost identical.
New Mexico has a toxic waste law that relieves the Federal Environmental Protection Agency of its responsibility to regulate mixed waste.
On returning to New York, Mr. Peters became involved in several companies, including the Mutual Chemical Company of America, which was sold to the Allied Chemical Corporation about 25 years ago.
Justice Powell said he had not offered any advice to Mr. Fried.
The Arabs provoked the contagion of some of their own failings.
He can sing in a creamy, soul-style tenor, staying in tune even when he's racing back and forth across the stage, and though his dancing won't challenge Michael Jackson's, he is graceful and assured.
His admirers should recognize stories.
Last year, according to the Government, prices rose at an annual rate of 7.3 percent, although privately Chinese economists estimated the rate at closer to 15 percent.
An American and about 20 students from Western Europe and Japan stayed with them.
LEAD: *3*** COMPANY REPORTS ** *3* Franklin Resources Inc (NYSE) Qtr to March 31 1988 1987 Revenue 50,300,000 53,500,000 Net inc 16,300,000 15,800,000 Share earns .61 .59 6mo rev 99,600,000 102,800,000 Net inc 32,200,000 29,200,000 Share earns 1.21 1.09 View Full Article in Timesmachine 
Sulzenbacher won the jumping portion Sunday morning to enter the race with a 62-second lead over the field.
Poetry isn't writing, not really.
Four other protesters were wounded.
Hearings are under way in Oregon and are set to start on Monday in California, considered a must-win state for Batus.
The state has allocated $500 million for prison construction over the past five years, and recently the Legislature voted to spend $169 million more, a move that awaits the Governor's approval.
Cultures clashed but youth won out as a phalanx of rock stars descended on Costa Rica for a concert the like of which has never been seen here.
The United States Southern Command ordered its personnel and their dependents to restrict travel and not to appear in public in uniform.
With a Versace white vest, $500, and silk Versace shirt, $800 - the most expensive shirt the store has ever carried - the base price of stepping out comes to about $3,000, not including bow tie and pumps.
No social life, no restaurants, no theater, no movies, no shops.
Virtually all of the essayists showed remarkable recollections of their childhoods, which was the main focus of most of the essays.
One out of every 20 households has suffered a death or injury.
b-Includes a loss from discontinued operations of $8,274.
Although Muriel hasn't been heard from since, the author indicates that she has future plans for her new salt-of-the-suburbs heroine.
Mr. Elvert lets the club's members guide each meeting.
Women who said they were Roman Catholics had an abortion rate that was about the same as the American average of 3 per 100.
Their recital at the Clinton Avenue Clubhouse in Dobbs Ferry lists a Schubert Sonatina, a pair of Brahms Intermezzi and Edvard Grieg's A minor Sonata (693-1489).
''These records will show how the system worked.
Michael S. Dukakis of Massachusetts, the Democratic candidate for President, say the radar violates the 1972 ABM Treaty because it is not on the periphery of Soviet territory and oriented outward, as the treaty requires.
Mr. Pierce of Catholic Relief Services said his agency would probably be involved in long-term rehabilitation.
The city, which houses 5,000 homeless families, has promised to remake its shelter system in the next four years, eliminating the use of welfare hotels by 1990.
In deciding against Mr. Goetz yesterday, the court said, ''It is well settled that the jury's function is to apply the legal definition of the crime to the evidence and to convict if it is satisfied that each of the elements of the crime has been established beyond a reasonable doubt.''
Floating decoys used from a water blind on a windy, freezing day that seems ideal for duck hunting can quickly bring shooting to an end when water splashes onto and freezes on the decoys backs.
When apartments in a multiunit building are offered for sale the transaction is not the sale of real property but of securities in a property that is under some form of joint ownership.
''But I felt the Whitney was a unique opportunity to show the important things that were going on in post-World War II art in this country.''
Not only have the network's start-up costs been high, but the profits of Fox's television stations have been flat, according to Jeffrey Russell, an analyst at Drexel Burnham Lambert Inc., the investment firm.
Numbers count, but the military balance in Europe depends on far more than numbers.
The Court agreed to hear a Government appeal from a Federal appellate decision striking down Federal Bureau of Prisons regulations and policies that restrict the publications that may be sent to Federal prisoners.
''Instead of attacking Iranian terrorists, the Reagan administration decided to try to make friends with them.''
''I saw Magic Johnson in high school.
You can't be strong on law and order and be a member of the A.C.L.U.''
Mitch Snyder, head of the Community for Creative Non-Violence, said local shelters here are jammed with mentally ill people.
I'm still listening all of the time.
''Despite whatever Jackson does, we are going to demonstrate that blacks are willing to take to the streets and do whatever it takes to retire Ed Koch.''
Strickland, who missed a Thursday night flight out of Chicago, said he misplaced his ticket.
Goodyear Tire and Rubber Co., Akron, Ohio, elected as a director Dr. Agnar Pytte, president of Case Western Reserve University.
''It's certainly an opportunity that was not offered to our predecessors,'' said Mark Flanagan, the supervisor of the planning unit at Kew Gardens in London, ''We've now got spaces to allow us to extend the collection.''
His technique, though, is more of a concern.
But they are repositories of consumer credit information that lenders use to decide who may be a good risk and who may not.
FALKENAU, THE IMPOSSIBLE, directed by Emil Weiss; written (in French with English subtitles) by Mr. Weiss and Samuel Fuller; director of photography, Pierre Boffety; edited by Pascale Suer; music by Teddy Lasry.
''If at all possible, it's far safer to deliver vaginally after Caesarean, and women need to know that.''
Rise in Capital Expected In the next few weeks the World Bank's member countries are expected to agree to increase the bank's $92 billion capital by about $70 billion.
Campeau agreed to give up four store divisions, three of Federated's and one of Allied's.
Americans may not be the most sophisticated wine consumers, but they should be the most informed.
Stephen Petronio's dances are not for slowpokes.
Angels 3, Orioles 2 BALTIMORE (AP) - Willie Fraser and Sherman Corbett combined on a seven-hitter and Jack Howell's double broke a scoreless tie in the sixth inning as California ended Baltimore's three-game winning streak.
American, Australian, British and Canadian companies have responded to incentives it has offered.
Tonight, he was strong and sharp, and still lost.
''It was probably just poor drainage.''
The company said there was no provision for income taxes in the latest first quarter because of the use of tax credits applicable to prior losses incurred by its Movie Star Inc. companies.
The town of 59,000 consists largely of single-family homes, rent-controlled apartments, and pockets of kosher delicatessens and trendy boutiques.
I didn't want to hit the guy.''
Throughout the program, the performers were so compelling that, afterward, members of the audience were heard wondering if the stories told were literally autobiographical or simply clever fictions.
The same kind of snug jacket successfully accompanies wide-leg pants: a jacket in chestnut-colored cashmere, with pants of purple velvet.
The theater is on Brookside Drive.
''The calendar was another factor, as was the word in the Street that many troubled savings and loan institutions have been unloading large amounts of Ginnie Mae paper.''
If you read the Working Group report, you will see that there was very great agreement about coordinating emergency matters, clearance and settlement measures, about continuation of systems improvement and about circuit breakers.
Mr. Conlon, who was 57 years old, was sailing a friend's boat with his wife, Marti, when he was knocked overboard by the boom.
The Knicks and Rangers are just the first of what I expect to be many battles over programming that will hurt the people.
LEAD: *3*** COMPANY REPORTS ** *3* Louisville Gas & Electric Co (NYSE) 12mo June 30 1988 1987 Revenue 629,351,000 641,813,000 Net inc 75,844,000 72,964,000 Share earns 3.29 3.21 View Full Article in Timesmachine 
''I tried on some of the costumes from museums, and I would have looked like Twiggy.''
But they were trying to persuade others in the Labor Party that the alternative, a narrow government made up of Likud and the rigorously Orthodox and far-right parties, would be worse.
Biological controls won't solve every pest problem -there are still too few controls, for one thing.
Dr. Willett and his colleagues questioned 89,538 nurses and found that those who drank one to two drinks a day increased their chance of developing breast cancer from about 7 percent to about 11 percent.
agreed with Mr. Gould's assessment of the F.S.L.I.C.
The military and the space program can afford to pay more for products, so new technology can often find military applications before it becomes inexpensive enough to apply to consumer items.
On Sunday, a walking tour will visit a community festival in the Williamsburg section.
In a letter to the G.S.A.
Even the channel's first foray into original prime-time programming, a forthcoming animated series entitled ''Tattertown,'' harkens back to 1962, the year in which both the ''Jetsons'' and ''The Flintstones'' aired on ABC, and prime-time animated series reached the zenith of their popularity.
Just how cheap is often unclear, however.
Ms. Barr recalls her growing up years in the Mormon stronghold of Salt Lake City as anything but normal.
It was blown out of proportion.
Although Democrats remain on guard for the possibility that a major Bush victory in the state could shift the tide in favor of Mr. Voinovich, they say Ohio has a long and proud tradition of ticket splitting.
It was at the Homestead Works, which Andrew Carnegie purchased for $350,000 in 1883, that in 1886 the first workable open-hearth furnace in this country was installed, beginning the age of steel, the basic metal of the 20th century.
He pledged that such behavior by school boards ''will not represent a norm during my tenure.''
championship series, in which they lost to the Boston Celtics.
Mr. Sowers approaches his role self-effacingly and grows with it in authority.
c-After tax credits of $231,000 and $660,000 for the quarter and 9 months, respectively.
He was sentenced to five years in prison after his conviction in 1986.
Tickets for the 7:30 matchup and for the four remaining home games are $4 to $10.
Bright sunlight, exposed pipes, bare wood floors and a long-haired receptionist in blue jeans set the tone for the company's young and freewheeling style.
When the issue is a subway token or a movie ticket, having to stand in line is only a bore, and the person who jumps the line is only a nuisance.
The Charles Schwab Corporation, the nation's largest discount stock brokerage, said that it would market a Lotus Development Corporation service that provides real-time stock quotes to investors.
When new cedar shingles were installed on our roof two years ago, two coats of a linseed oil and kerosene mixture were sprayed on the shingles as a preservative.
I am recommending that we address this need through a new Division of Criminal Justice Services local aid program and the creation of an investigator pool in the State Police Bureau of Criminal Investigation.
Groups helping the aliens criticized the Federal program, complaining that it was slow in starting and in arranging posters, leaflets and radio advertising.
c-Included capital losses of $311,000 for the quarter and capital gains of $2,634,000 for the year.
Without a strong domestic manufacturing base, many of our high-wage jobs in the services would also disappear.
''We see our opportunity on the casual side.''
LEAD: *3*** COMPANY REPORTS ** *3*METROBANK Qtr to Dec 31 1987 1986 Net inc 1,173,000 189,000 Per share .30 .05 Yr net inc 3,400,000 2,800,000 Per share 1.00 .89 View Full Article in Timesmachine 
But his passion was politics.
The front for the most part avoided the systematic repression that has discredited other one-party revolutionary regimes.
The other 7.33 percent, the viscount said, is unaccounted for and not allied with either side.
Roni Milo, a close adviser to Mr. Shamir, said, ''The truth at this level is that it is difficult to fix an estimate of the situation.''
Weltchek, who had taken Jacobs as a private pupil the summer before he entered junior high and continued to train him as the swimming coach at Newark Academy, recalled the other day that he had heard about Jacobs's reputation for smoking pot but had assumed he had overcome the problem because of the serious way Jacobs approached his training schedule.
Because of rounding and weighting, some totals from the poll may not be exactly consistent with the total vote percentages, taken from The Associated Press.
Embarrassing Code Name Last week, investigators surveyed about 300 merchants in the market, behind Yonkers Raceway, and notified some that they lacked correct sales-tax documents.
They will not accept that a few cosmetic props of their culture and religion be paraded for tourist consumption or to appease international indignation.
I became the guy nobody wanted to hear.
Uranium mining interests, including such corporate giants as Exxon, Kerr-McGee and Union Carbide, would share in a multimillion dollar diversion to a mill tailings fund meant to help them pay reclamation and radioactive waste removal costs.
Other goods will include designer clothing, sportswear and dress furnishings.
Inventory Buildup Stressed David Hale, chief economist for Kemper Financial Services Inc., said in the firm's new February forecast that the inventory buildup in the fourth quarter would slow overall growth during the first three months of 1988 to about 1 percent.
Such are the works of Marek Jaromski, a young Warsaw artist whose subtle playing with somber colors says a lot about the mood of Poland, but in a gentler voice.
A quarter of a century later, the words resound.
The first anniversary of the stock market crash is this Wednesday, so the renewed focus on the dollar comes at a starkly inauspicious moment.
Some aviation experts are saying that the advanced technology used in a new European airliner, soon to be certified for service in the United States, may be too advanced.
Teddy bears are the newest tool of the police in metropolitan Miami, who plan to stock two of them in each patrol car.
Although some surveys indicate that the number of drug users has stabilized or in some cases declined, other evidence shows that the supply of drugs on the streets has increased in recent years and that prices have declined, especially with regard to crack, the highly addictive cocaine derivative that has flooded the inner cities.
Besides the Pepsi, the June-July calendar in the United States is frightfully thin, with only the Michelob Invitational June 25 in San Diego and the Prefontaine Classic, July 2 in Eugene, Ore., as viable alternatives.
''The project has become a catalyst for community change,'' said Gloria Irby, director of the Substance Abuse Division of the Santa Cruz County Health Services Agency.
In his studies, five cadaver larynxes were mounted on a special laboratory apparatus that permitted air to flow through them, similating the airflow when a person produces sounds.
More experiences and opinions of the Chrysler chairman.
''All the elements such as lighting, acoustics and productivity that have become big issues in corporate office design also apply to the homebound worker,'' said Dr. Bridget O'Connor, an assistant professor of business education at New York University.
This monstrous thing was engaged in ''a feeding frenzy.''
Sandia National Laboratories: Albquerque, N.M., Livermore, Calif., and north of Las Vegas.
Whether or not other racial groups carry the same risk is unknown.
Witnesses in Rangoon, the capital, said that they had seen student demonstrators and Buddhist monks hit by gunfire Monday and that dead and wounded civilians sometimes lay unattended in the streets as shooting continued around them.
In June 1985, my husband and I (ages 69 and 68) drove from New York State to Fairbanks, Ala., in a 1978 Chevy station wagon.
Now he plays under control and with a purpose.''
Yarmouth has a library of sorts at its landfill.
Iran finds itself with few allies, facing an Arab military coalition complemented by a Western armada that is restricting Iranian freedom in the gulf while the Soviet Union appears indifferent.
Now, he is a national hero in Turkey, an Olympian who won his country's first gold medal in 20 years early this fall in Seoul, South Korea.
Watching Basketball Mr. Cuevas said the Congressman's son did little work on the Wedtech account.
The value of newly started residential buildings declined 2 percent.
MONOMOY CHAMBER ENSEMBLE: Chatham, Wellfleet, July 27-30.
Like many another classical label these days, Virgin obviously is seeking to cover all the bases.
One of Domenech i Muntaner's landmark buildings on the Carrer Mallorca is now a store that he and his Modernist colleagues might have appreciated.
To watch ''From the Pole to the Equator'' is to feel that one has seen a ghost - many ghosts, human and animal, from places all over the globe.
The last semblance of management seemed to have vaporized.
is higher than your regular tax, it's an opportunity to bring in more taxable income from next year because you're paying tax at a rate of 21 percent on an A.M.T.
Ms. Kadner is a daughter of Mr. and Mrs. Robert Kadner of Los Angeles.
Parts of the letter were ordered unsealed in Federal District Court last week.
In the first run, Roy was first in 56.47 seconds, Rushlaw second in 56.56 and Will third in 56.63.
When he passed you on the main quad, he would guffaw as he imitated your best move from intramurals.
The subscription for others is $30 a year.
Judge Stern, a former Federal prosecutor, retired last month from the United States District Court in Newark.
Once you have the tools, decide what to plant.
The West German magazine Der Spiegel said the telegram, found in Yugoslav archives, proved that Mr. Waldheim had ordered the deportation of more than 4,000 Yugoslav civilians.
The net income represents replacement cost, which excludes inventory holding gains or losses.
Because these citizens will one day have to make intelligent decisions in a voting booth and because, as Americans, they live in a country that is often called on to correct some of the ills of the world.''
The first step would be to clean the surfaces thoroughly, using a strong detergent or wiping down with paint thinners.
Macy also asserted in its brief that Federated shareholders had not been provided with sufficient time to consider the terms of the Campeau offer, which were detailed in an S.E.C.
Of 23 varieties of popcorn analyzed, including both microwave and nonmicrowave brands, only 2 were low in fat.
''This is a positive step and will represent a clean page in the relations between Palestinians and the United States,'' said Abdel al-Shakker, an official at Islamic University in Gaza.
''It's a good way to start - the best I could have,'' she said after beating Evert.
A yacht that heels too far to one side spills air from its sails, and loses power and efficiency in its rig.
Once a Communist group, the women's branch of the ruling People's Democratic Party, the organization has been broadened under the present policy of ''national reconciliation.''
And not just a Greek, but a Greek married to a Jewish girl.
One of the best is Noa Bornstein's ''Striving Together,'' on the side of the Harlem Rehabilitation Center at 119 West 128th Street.
22 Franklin Stubbs (1b,.223,8,34) Left-handed hitter platoons with Tracy Woodson.
The usual guidelines that are given are 75 percent of women have symptoms, 50 percent have symptoms for five years or more, almost 30 percent have symptoms for more than 10 years.
Critics of affirmative action say the Bakke decision heightened the significance of race in deciding admissions, diminishing the weight of individual merit and leading to a decline in academic standards.
Fine and good not to press forward tensely in the best Juilliard manner.
Wes Craven, of ''Nightmare on Elm Street'' fame, has made two stylish movies that marketers have dressed down to look like their slice-and-dice cousins.
Corporate sponsors are, for better and for worse, our modern Medici; but in their need to please the largest number of people possible, they rarely let events like Summerfare happen.
''When the client needs something done, whether it's toileting or having a diaper changed or being lifted out of a wheelchair, that worker is not bothered, but willing.
It links the player to a computer touch pad, like the ones used by fast-food cashiers.
The space agency has set Aug. 25 as its internal target date for the first launching of a space shuttle since the Challenger disaster, but the flight may have to be put off until early September, according to the agency's Administrator.
Price Club gets it for you wholesale.
The Polish Government announced sweeping price increases tonight, including a rise in retail food prices averaging 40 percent.
Publicly, commanders have insisted that the beatings of Palestinians were ''deviations.''
Gary Hart's 1984 Presidential campaign has agreed to pay a $12,000 civil penalty to the Federal Election Commission for election law violations that include the former Colorado Senator's use of a personal credit card for expenses that should have been paid by the campaign.
Mr. Urban's news conference was broadcast on television today, and the state-controlled radio and television reported on the strike activities.
In the other semifinal, second-seeded Ned Edwards of New York ousted Greg Zaff of Boston, 15-10, 10-15, 17-16, 13-15, 15-9, in a seesaw match.
Mr. Nathan had met Mr. Arafat before.
GENIE RICE, President, Civitas New York, June 9, 1988 This letter was also signed by representatives of 10 other civic groups, including the City Club and Municipal Art Society.
Mr. Dole, noting that he had served with Mr. Mitchell on the Senate Finance Committee, described him as ''bright, able and articulate'' and said he believed they would work well together.
''But the allegations are slanted and could affect his 'parolability,' '' Mr. Litman argued.
''You really don't see strong forces building up,'' he asserted.
But the laboratory did not try to prosecute him until investigators from Mr. Dingell's committee urged them to do so.
It marked the sixth transfer of remains since Mr. Reagan's special envoy, John W. Vessey Jr., a retired general, met with Vietnam's Foreign Minister, Nguyen Co Thach.
Connors would be the 29th pitching coach.
He showed off that item - a white leather jacket with gold and black trim and the words ''Don't Believe the Hype'' on the back of it - at the news conference.
Dairy Hollow House (501-253-7444) is a bed-and-breakfast place (dinner, too, if you like) set in the woods and run by Crescent Dragonwagon, novelist, author of children's books and a cookbook, who prepares local foods in a Continental style she calls Nouveau'Zarks.
Botha should also pay close attention to issues inside South Africa.''
The taxes are expected to drive some workers from the country, ranging from the low-paid domestic help (mainly Pakistanis and Filipinos) who cannot afford the tax on air fare home to highly trained technicians, managers and professionals.
Some Manhattan office tenants with strong balance sheets and modest expansion needs are opting to leave landlords behind and buy space - usually for about 10 times the price of a year's rent.
Nowhere has New Age thinking had a more profound impact on conventional society than in Colorado.
''Because it involved something that looked like lying to the press,'' the official said, ''there were lot of incestuous interviews going on with reporters interviewing each other about how bad Larry was.''
New Icebreaker Designed Over the past two years, the Coast Guard has spent $2 million designing a new icebreaker.
A native of Pittsburgh, the general was a graduate of Miami University in Ohio and received a master's degree in Asian studies from the University of Michigan.
But more likely, he never heard the question above the gustatory din at the Grand Dairy Restaurant, Grand Street at the corner of Ludlow Street, on the Lower East Side.
With major developments moving forward, there is no sign that a slowdown will ease the problems.
For example there is Rusty Torres, who played for the Yankees, among other teams.
Mr. Bullard, the partner in charge of the trust and estate division of the Boston-based law firm Gaston & Snow, said most investors who have been cheated out of money probably turned over control of their assets to someone who sold them an ''overly greedy investment,'' like an abusive tax shelter.
From the fifth inning when he came in, he had stopped the Yankees using his quick curve.
West Germans will be strong in the men's swimming events, East Germans in the women's.
In Pennsylvania, the Vice President made a variety of campaign stops, including an appearance before a state law-enforcement group and a ribbon-cutting at the Polish American Cultural Center here.
There are four races in which nomination will be tantamount to election.
The program uses only three.
She was the winner in the category.
Therefore you happen to observe that in years that Congress is able to pass a minimum wage, there is higher employment.
The president of Southern Hills, Thomas J. Hughes, said that although he was ''not steeped in the tradition'' of the club, ''to my knowledge, there never has been a black member.''
You become a member of the association by putting up several thousand dollars - like a down payment - based on the size of the unit and your income.
ST. FRANCIS (Pa.) - Named Rick Bell assistant men's basketball coach.
I consider myself wary, but I really believe that Mr. Gorbachev has concluded he can't have a first-rate country with a second-rate economy, and that he has to do something about it.
To say, as does the professor, that Judge Doty's decision carries the message that ''the law is on the players' side'' is to be insensitive to the meaning of the English language and to fly in the face of a chain of court decisions, of which Judge Doty's opinion is the most recent reaffirmation.
There he develops into a roving correspondent after the Civil War.
There are other remarkable works in the installation: Walter Martin's telephone booth half submerged in a lawn; Cara Perlman's concrete replica of a dead pine tree; Stephen Whisler's pair of cast-iron combs perched one on top of another; and a wheeled object made of foot-square wood beams by Chris MacDonald.
But the Central Council referred a proposal for the formation of a government in exile to a committee for further study.
Jesse Torres, chief dealer at the Bank of Boston's New York office, said that ''there was some profit-taking and some month-end squaring'' of positions.
Major changes are under way in Palermo's police agencies, where several of the most experienced officers have resigned or have been transferred.
''I took the position that we should be consistent,'' Mr. Derwinski said.
Talk about biting the hand that feeds you!
Students, he said, arrive a few days early to register and find housing, often with the assistance of the school.
Its staff of 20 screens thousands of potential applicants.
Gibson, who left Detroit for a three-year, $4.5 million contract, is an integral part of the Dodgers' plan for a return to respectability, if not the World Series.
Nationally, the percentage of non-Catholics attending Catholic schools has grown from 2.7 percent in 1969 to 11.2 percent last year.
Serving at Mayor Koch's pleasure, Ms. Deutsch must observe his priorities.
Mrs. Stolper, who came to New York from Germany in 1933, wrote several books in German on economics and worked with Self Help and the American Council for Emigres in the Professions, two resettlement agencies.
Mr. Dole snapped to a persistent reporter last week.
''It's not like we're really conversing.
The best-known thrift doctors have varied experience and backgrounds.
In the last play and the dedicatory poem, Eliot celebrates her as she was: Monica's line, ''unchanging the certainty of love,'' was the real-life motto of their marriage, encircling the head of the elephant on their bookplate.
Soon it is sweater season, the sea is dark and there is a stillness that announces the coming of fall.
Baseball parents feel stress much more than the players do.
And so the experience continues, like good music, well beyond the last page.
The Senate majority leader, Robert C. Byrd, has decided to step down from that national role to concentrate on getting benefits for his home state the old-fashioned way, by appropriating them.
Four wordless double-page pictures of English-looking scenes, one for each season, offer infinite detail for children to explore: sand castles, people peeking out of windows, ducks being fed.
American Jewish groups have warned over the last week that passage of the amendment would endanger the critically important political and economic support American Jewry provides Israel.
Along with original works for this combination by Israel's Paul Ben-Haim, the Hungarian Zdenek Lukas and the American composer William Duckworth, their free program also includes Mr. Moore's transcriptions of a Baroque sonata by Henry Eccles, Schumann's ''Fantasie Pieces'' (originally for cello or clarinet) and the ''Rumanian Folk Dance Suite'' by Bela Bartok (941-2416).
He was 52 years old.
Mr. Mecham might have weathered the ensuing storm, which included scores of cancellations of conventions in the state, if he had not antagonized other groups.
A 14-year-old British girl was missing and feared dead after the accident, involving the freighter Adige and the cruise liner Jupiter.
Parlay Me, the lone 3-year-old in a field of six, won by a neck and ran the six furlongs in 1:09 3/5 under Randy Romero.
Mr. Walsh said the industries and individual issues where the potential is above average over the next 6 to 12 months include: drugs (Bristol Myers and Pfizer), pollution control (Browning-Ferris), hospital supply (Baxter International) and electronics (Tandy and General Electric).
Sir John Delaval was largely responsible for the 18th-century redecoration of the interior.
The American Telephone and Telegraph Company has raised its stake in Sun Microsystems Inc. to 7.1 percent, a total of 2.48 million shares, from about 6.1 percent.
Breaking Open the Market ''For a long time, there was only Lasser and H&R Block, and they divided the market beautifully,'' Mr. Quinson said.
Seaport Flowers, 214 Hicks Street at Montague Street, Brooklyn (718-858-6443), sells grapevine wreaths, from 16 to 24 inches in diameter, covered with herbs and dried flowers including hydrangea, roses, lavender and silver sage, from $35.
''The chief of police in Trat Province, briefing Gen. Pao, director-general of police, during his mission last week, confirmed that in Trat alone 220 persons were pushed off in January, 233 in February and 25 so far in March.''
This year she went out on her own.
He had been given penicillin and Tylenol.
The president of a New York foundation was accused last week of looting more than $6.9 million from the charity to maintain a life style that included residences in New York and Florida, foreign travel, opening nights at the opera and theater and meals at fashionable restaurants.
About 275 day and boarding students attend the all-girls, preparatory Master's School off Clinton Avenue, where the current bill for boarders is $13,150 and for day students, $8,300.
The prized commercial, ''probably the best spot we've ever done,'' in Macks's estimation, showed Mabus in a campaign speech setting, flooded by bright stage lights above him, vowing in the tradition of Scarlett O'Hara, ''Mississippi will never be last again!''
Using a reactor initially designed for civilian use could represent a safety improvement over existing reactors, the February study said.
Hence Mr. Waldheim was able to keep his Balkan secrets for three decades or more.
MILITARY COLLECTABLES The Meadowlands Militaria Insignia and Military Collectables Show will be held in the Boys and Girls Club of Union from 9 A.M. to 4 P.M. Saturday.
My destinations, mainly, were aspects of understated excellence.
and to offer their specialties side by side with those of French or Italian provenance.
The major problem with entrees is overcooking, which ruined a perfectly good pork chop one evening, a veal chop one out of two times, and most of the seafood - particularly salmon steak and swordfish.
Congress and other public-policy makers must fashion a thoughtful, well-reasoned and workable national pension policy to meet the needs of the country's steadily aging population.
With increasing frequency, however, these hard-to-sell areas are being turned into attractive retail space as stores are built to rise above and go below the street level.
But that's the way I, George Bush, feel about it.
Call 278-2670 for more information.
''People at the staff and partner level of accounting firms are now much more confident about the tax bill and how to handle it,'' Dr. Tobias said.
None of the bands heard in the film, she said - the Bar-B-Q Killers, the Flat Duo Jets, the Kilkenny Cats and the Squalls - sounds like any of the others, a tribute to the wide range of musical styles the city has produced (''from punk rockabilly to after-the-fact hippie to rock-and-roll Irish lament'').
The two- and three-bedroom duplexes will cost $170,000 to $190,000.
They have also sold large quantities of new closed-end funds and unit investment trusts that hold municipal bonds.
''I've been used all over this year,'' he said, ''so it wouldn't be any different.
The Irish (9-0) did not play last Saturday.
Sitting East and West were Jim and Norma Borin of Melbourne who have long been one of the world's best mixed partnerships.
There are very few communities where our bank has enough mothers who would pay to have a day care center.
He is also the only member of the production staff with a newspaper background, having served as a managing editor for USA Today.
State Democratic officials, however, see flaws in the program and are devising bills to rectify them.
RUSSIAN FOLK SINGER Nikolai Ivanovich Massenkoff, a bass baritone and Russian folk singer, and the Voloshky Ukrainian Dance Ensemble of Philadelphia will perform at the Strand Theater in Lakewood at 7:30 P.M. Saturday.
An ''xxx'' denotes members not voting.
''Luckily, this is my first time.''
Gerard Gallant of Detroit tied it with his 17th goal on a power play at 18:26.
Brief dramatizations in black and white are combined with scenes of relevant New Jersey sites, including the Williams home, now inhabited by the poet's son William Eric Williams, also a doctor.
The trial's most poignant moments occurred at recesses, when Justice Gabel walked slowly to the witness stand to kiss and comfort her daughter, Sukhreet, who was testifying against her mother for the prosecution.
When finished, allow to dry overnight, then coat with a clear flat varnish.
This may be the first site-specific exhibition in the history of the American pavilion.
rules,'' Switzer said in response to the announcement that the National Collegiate Athletic Association had put Oklahoma on probation for three years for recruiting violations.
A unit of Time Inc. said yesterday that it had agreed to buy an additional 959,901 shares of Turner Broadcasting System's class B common stock for $15 a share from the company's chairman, Ted Turner.
Rafael Hernandez Colon of Puerto Rico and Miguel Hernandez Agosto, the Senate president.
Applying a concrete waterproofing sealer to the floor is not a bad idea, but it will not help much if there are leaks that allow water to come up through the floor.
Spinach salad is overly sweet and resembled cooked spinach one evening when the hot bacon vinaigrette was added with abandon.
There should be some air circulation to prevent roller covers from harboring mold.
''If we are anywhere between 20th and 25th, that would be just marvelous.
As winter faded into spring I added, ''besides, I could use the exercise.''
How to get it, where to get it, when to get it - matters normally taken for granted have suddenly become a problem for many families.
The new survey showed that 49.9 percent of all children had no decay in their permament teeth, as against 36.6 percent in a similar 1979-1980 study and an estimated 28 percent in the early 1970's.
'ANNA' OPENING NIGHT Sally Kirkland, a Golden Globe award in the hand and an Oscar in the bush (Las Vegas oddsmakers favor her to win the best actress award), will return to the William Carlos Williams Center for the Arts in Rutherford Friday for the opening night of ''Anna,'' the film causing all this fuss.
Sets begin at 11 P.M., 1 and 2:30 A.M.; there is a $15 cover and a two-drink minimum.
A Duck in Need ''Give a little for the duck'' may soon be the rallying cry at checkout counters throughout Suffolk County.
Complete the recipe as described above.
WHAT will the year 1989 hold for the increasingly troublesome struggle to provide good health care and pay for it?
Tracy Wilson and Robert McCall of Canada were third, edging another Soviet twosome, Natalya Annenko and Genrikh Sretenski.
Now it is the turn of the Soviet Union and the United States.
The choice is as perplexing as it is surprising.
Doubtful of Mr. Frank's guilt, he commutes the sentence to life in prison, thereby ending his own promising political career.
''I didn't have time to hang out.
The players, dressed in jackets and ties, sat quietly waiting for the bus to the airport.
The effects of Federal tax reform and misplaced optimism among budget officials resulted in an underestimate of tax revenues that approaches a billion dollars for the current fiscal year.
And he taunts the kids who won't pay attention with remarks like ''Tough guys don't do math, tough guys deep-fry chicken for a living'' and ''Go to wood shop, make yourself a shoeshine box, you're gonna need it.''
''It's the lesser of two evils,'' said Reginald Washington, 26, explaining his unenthusiastic vote for Mr. Dukakis.
MARK FREEMAN New York City
''I predict that in 10 or 15 years, everybody will play with more freedom.
''Almost everything people do for recreation is tough on the knee,'' said Dr. Fox, who wrote the new book ''Save Your Knees'' (Dell, $6.95), with Rick McGuire.
The question, fascinating and increasingly germane to a litigious America, amply deserves airing.
Some classmates at Sarah Lawrence say that Givens was miffed when Dolores Robinson wouldn't handle her career.
It has had several box-office flops.
He later helped many organizations finance their activities, starting with the Child Welfare League of America.
He was co-president of the organization from 1972 to 1984, when a conviction for drunken driving forced him to resign.
If you read through all the extraneous whining in the yarn, archies seem to be mad at us for being more resourceful, more intrepid, livelier, independent, in fact more successful.
On March 12, 1986, the police arrested a 32-year-old Swede with right-wing sympathies who had heckled Mr. Palme, a Social Democrat, at political rallies.
The tone was neither angry, ironic nor surreal.
When I began cycling in Europe, I felt much the same way.
''I wouldn't take the new high as an electric signal to jump in.''
If you're going to hand over power to the next generation, then hand it over completely; don't give and simultaneously withhold, as Barry Sr. did with Barry Jr. when he set him up as sole commander of the empire and then undermined him.
But some union members said morale problems and the outcry from older workers forced G.M.
Since their income is likely to be lower, they have a better chance of exceeding the threshold, said Barbara J. Pope, partner in charge of executive financial services for Price Waterhouse.
Manufacturers of cardboard boxes, for example, stocked up on linerboard, the technical name for the cardboard in boxes, in advance of a July 1 price increase.
An AEL spokesman, Nicholas Nagurny, said it had been about 18 months since either man had worked for the company.
Gen. Colin L. Powell, also briefed Congressional leaders about the Nicaraguan troops.
On the whole, infinity is a fairly palpable aspect of this business of publishing, if only because it extends a dead author's existence beyond the limits he envisioned, or provides a living author with a future he cannot measure.
During that same period, Bill Moyers met or talked with the President more than 2,100 times and has yet to say anything publicly about the President's behavior.
Mr. Boesky, a leading arbitrager and admitted felon now serving time in a Federal prison in California, is the Government's leading witness against Drexel.
Pete du Pont of Delaware 2 percent, and former Secretary of State Alexander M. Haig Jr. 2 percent.
(Vegetable Peel With Facial, $40; Cellulite Treatments, $36.)
I think I have a bookkeeper's mentality.
''You can't do it with that kind of shooting,'' Thompson said.
His innovations earned him a place in the College Football Hall of Fame's first group of inductees in 1951.
That may have been because the facts in the two cases are a bit different.
Fairleigh Dickinson (1-2) was led by a reserve guard, Glenn Harding, who had 17 points.
Those plans included shutting the reservation center, which is housed in a bunker-like concrete building in an office center about 25 miles southwest of New York City.
''We run that play so well,'' said R. C. Thielemann, a Redskin guard, ''and they couldn't stop it.
Yet to come is the first installment of the new Bernard Haitink ''Ring'' for EMI, also devoted to ''Die Walkure'' and also offering Mr. Morris as Wotan, along with Cheryl Studer, Reiner Goldberg, Matti Salminen, Eva Marton and Waltraud Meier.
I wonder if in the Soviet Union they do not see us in similar fashion, blacks and whites, irretrievably apart.
Alwyn H. Gentry of the Missouri Botanical Garden in St. Louis reported in the January issue of The Proceedings of the National Academy of Sciences that it was ''hard to imagine a more diverse forest'' than the ones in upper Amazonia.
Certain things can't be done in New York.''
The only green is a little strip of grass with a few wispy trees, and these are fenced off from the public.
The acquisition is the company's first acquisition in the United States.
''But running the place, teaching and interacting with other artists is a rewarding experience that sometimes supplants my own creative urge.
Almost any major American company, the analysts say - Du Pont, General Electric, Minnesota Mining and Manufacturing, Procter & Gamble, Eastman Kodak, Dow Chemical and many others.
An Ohio member of the Rules Committee of the Democratic National Convention collapsed on a dance floor at his hotel Monday and died shortly afterward of a heart attack, party officials said.
At one point, Mayor Koch said he wanted to ''choke'' the State Commissioner of Social Services, Cesar A. Perales, ''because he wants to choke off the truth.
''It was one of the toughest press conference I've ever had,'' Mr. Lamberti said with a grin.
People who only cared about movies released during their teens, or who simply re-read a shelf of favorite novels, would be viewed (rightly) as a tad peculiar.
But he did not anticipate the angry reaction from his fellow students.
If more money flows in than is now predicted, it will become part of a surplus that would be rolled into next year's budget.
Would he debut with a shutout?
In the House vote today, 60 Republicans voted to override.
Roy Orbison Is Dead Roy Orbison, a singer and songwriter whose best work brought introspection and yearning to rock music, died Tuesday night.
Bewitched, Bothered And Bewildered THE POINTSMAN, directed and produced by Jos Stelling; screenplay (in Dutch with English subtitles) by George Brugmans, Hans de Wolf and Mr. Stelling; photography by Frans Bromet, Theo van de Sande, Paul van den Bos and Goert Giltaij; edited by Rimko Haanstra; music by Michel Mulders; released by Vestron Pictures.
''Waldheim: A Commission of Inquiry'' is not a trial.
The judge directed the two clubs to settle their difference in the water rather than in court.
* Tim Worley, Georgia's star running back.
''The irony of all of this,'' Judge Sand said, ''is that it is the court which, in a sense, is struggling'' to ''have the construction be town house, rather than the less desirable forms expressed by the city.
Still Makes Its Point The choreography came back quickly.
Six American companies are negotiating for a license of the Computer Automation patent.
Flashbulbs were politely discouraged before the performance but they flashed anyway.
At least one of Mr. Allen's former colleagues says that if the post does survive, Mr. Tobias may be considered too inexperienced for it.
It was invented by a friend, Alfred M. Butts.
Mr. Kuhns's big love then was the oversized abstract pieces he sculptured.
For the General Electric-Siemens bid to succeed, the British Government must reverse its views in a ruling in 1986 find that the acquisition would not harm competition.
Its illustrations are particularly good.
Sensing that the two executives wanted a little privacy, both attorneys retired to another room for half an hour.
That series, which has been among the top 10 on the ratings list for much of the last decade, fairly revels in displays of gaudy affluence and naked ambition.
As evidence, believers point to the continuing gentrification of formerly black neighborhoods, like Foggy Bottom and Capitol Hill.
How Other Parties Fare In city and country, the Bhuttos have left their main rivals, the Islamic Democratic Alliance, far behind in drawing crowds.
There was a reading of her work, introduced by Joseph Brodsky, that was broadcast over the Voice of America, and another, in May 1986, in front of the Soviet Mission to the United Nations.
Next week's program is called ''Breast Cancer - Turning the Tide.''
In 1968, the National Guard had about 5,000 men.
''A lot of rules are changing as the networks erode.''
But we are talking about two growing seasons, including the one that ends Aug. 31, 1989, for which the projection is a 26-day supply.
So far, two veteran naval architects - Britton Chance Jr. of Essex, Conn., and Bruce Nelson of San Diego - have agreed to take part.
Those of us who are hard pressed to remember our dreams can only wonder at Tadeusz Kantor's gift for making his own dreams into art.
''Czechoslovakia's plan represents a passage from the role of confrontation to one of building bridges, and it's worthwhile to foster such change,'' a West European diplomat in Prague said recently.
Buying and Selling Houses In the 21 years since Mr. Bush entered public office, his holdings have not kept pace with inflation.
Other late dollar rates in New York, compared with late Thursday prices, included: 1.6502 West German marks, down from 1.66345; 1.3696 Swiss francs, down from 1.3785; 5.6460 French francs, down from 5.6665; 1,231.00 Italian lire, down from 1,236.625, and 1.25705 Canadian dollars, up marginally from 1.25685.
The Suffolk bill is not the first of its kind, said Barbara Turkewitz, who monitors legislation for the Metropolitan New York Retail Merchants Association.
Given the unrest in Israel, they are unlikely to resume soon.
If organizations like Lubavitch have set the religious agenda, he added, it is because such groups have attracted followers through their ''truthfulness, sincerity and grounding in Torah.''
''I have been sitting on my duff doing nothing, and I wanted to get the blood flowing again,'' said Joe Barwood, a 69-year-old beginner, who retired four years ago as a vice-president of the Junior Achievement organization.
They built scores of cages a half-meter square on the leading edge of the marsh.
The clink of handcuffs being placed on Mr. Chaves cut through the room.
Now it's the Guardian Angels - everybody but the criminals, who have laid siege to this city.''
If your tastes are not so frivolous, catalogues are often educational.
Return the breast to the pan skin side up and pour the broth around it.
''Coverup'' begins with a charge by Barbara Honegger, who worked for the Reagan-Bush campaign for a while in 1980, that the Republicans promised arms to the Iranians if they delayed returning the hostages taken at the American Embassy in Teheran until after the Presidential election.
THE GODDESS AND THE AMERICAN GIRL: The Story of Suzanne Lenglen and Helen Wills.
His people can put together a leaflet distribution operation around every housing project in the city.''
The specials bailed out their teammates Sunday when the offense generated less than 3 yards an attempt against the Steelers.
Short 4 0 10 9 Speelman 4 1 9 8 1/2 Larsen 4 2 8 8 Chandler 3 3 8 7 Psakhis 1 1 12 7 Benjamin 3 4 7 6 1/2 Nunn 1 2 11 6 1/2 Davies 1 8 5 3 1/2 In the sixth round, Short outfought the Brooklyn grandmaster Joel Benjamin in a sharp, tactical Richter-Rauzer Sicilian Defense.
Mr. Bush still suffers from an image of being distant from the concerns of average Americans.
After hours of monotonously watching the autopilot fly, he was in what aviation psychologists call the ''system monitor mode.''
At Toronto, a statement was made that the summit countries could tolerate a rise in the value of the dollar.
The first phase of condominium development consisted of 35 units.
A deep volley approach and his final ace enabled Lendl to hold his serve.
A20 A boom in facsimile machines is altering the way people conduct business.
In May the justices voted, 5 to 4, that Washington must defend itself against the charges, brought by representatives of about 40,000 holders of $2.25 billion in bonds for two of the power system's nuclear plants.
But if the average declines in that period, the odds would appear to favor a market recovery during 1989.
''We became a sort of Middle Age convent where the lights were kept on during the Dark Ages,'' he said.
Q.My kitchen floor is covered with Armstrong linoleum and there is a seam in the center.
''We will see well enough at that moment who is and who is not inclined to grasp the extended hand,'' he said.
In balloting conducted by an advisory committee, McPherson finished ahead of Troy Aikman of U.C.L.A., and Steve Walsh of Miami.
The second volume of ''Star Trek: The Next Generation,'' set three centuries from now.
Tuition, $1,700 to $3,200; scholarships available.
You must keep in mind to be part of a non-Jewish society.
If you're not careful, this will force you to press hard, make mistakes and spoil the fun.
In the Hispanic population in 1979, Government benefits, whether cash or otherwise, helped 35 percent of poor families with children to rise above the poverty line, the group said; in 1986, that had fallen to 20 percent.
That, he said, is unacceptable.
The rulings were intended to revive economic changes paralyzed by ideological disputes between radicals, who have pressed for more state control over the economy, and conservative clerics, who have argued that the state has no right under Islamic law to interfere with the private sector.
He had met in Washington with Gov.
A separate entrance leads to the kitchen and a servant's wing.
Mr. Santry, a former chief executive, who chose Mr. Hugel as his successor, will continue as a director.
The future bridegroom, a graduate of the University of Miami, is a certified public accountant at the Imrex Company in Great Neck.
c-Included capital gains of $2,945,000 for the quarter and 9 months.
This is precisely the time for the American Government to do what American governments find most difficult to do: nothing.
He had been trained in Texas by the Central Intelligence Agency, he told me.
But even those analysts who believe that Kroger could be more responsive to market change say its supermarkets are attractive and predict that many of the shoppers who try alternatives will ultimately return to the Kroger fold.
Same route through the streets, same boring sights.
It closed at 138.23, down 0.35 for 1987.
These range from historical fables (''Judah the Pious'') to tales of mysticism and magic (''Marie Laveau'') to family dramas (''Household Saints'').
Bill Communications is just the latest privately owned publisher selling out to larger group owners.
The restaurant's two rooms are filled with wooden benches and tables; the kitchen is shielded only by a curtain and the bathroom really works.
''When the Zoning Resolution creates a requirement, it's not a floor - it's the standard,'' she said.
Drawing on Orville and Wilbur Wright's own writings and the glass-plate photographs they took, the authors re-create the years in North Carolina when the two young bicycle mechanics were developing the first airplane.
Last week in California, voters rejected Proposition 102, which would have required reporting, tracing and testing without consent.
That was in April 1986, when Howard Pronsky and his 841 Garage Associates Limited Partnership received approval from the Attorney General to offer New York State's first garage condominium.
''This one's going to go down to the wire and it's going to be won by a nose,'' he said.
The penalties are the largest sought by the city.
The newly released documents show that in some cases, F.B.I.
The Beacon can make an appealing dance theater, or at least it did Monday night, when Pilobolus performed there.
Dennis Mitchell, an employee of the Unisys plant, was also the subject of a search warrant.
By the 1600's, the verb's meaning had been extended by drinkers unhappy with the sediment in their favorite beverage: they grumbled that their wine was made to look muddy, or turbid, when the sediment was stirred up by a bumbling predecessor to today's smoothly decanting sommeliers.
My glove arrived in a blue box from Minky's Bike Shop on Roosevelt Road on the West Side of Chicago.
When I put Betsy on the bus for nursery school, I went into my workroom, set the timer so I would hear the bus when it returned at noon and began writing 'Compromising Positions.'
But public indignation is mounting over new accounts of corruption and brutality in Mr. Chun's tenure, and Mr. Chun's name still evokes passions, even among well-dressed businessmen who deplore student violence but support their cause.
He keeps 45 percent of the closed-circuit revenues in his territory.
''But I call my regular customers early in the season.
But a Kansas geologist later found severe problems, including many oil and gas bore holes that had eluded Government engineers.
He had his own penny arcade when he was 15.
Officials said they were protecting pristine areas from the destructive effects of firefighting.
When Mr. Ulla asks why justice is so variable in Cuba, Mr. Matos says, ''In Castro's hands, the law depends on the highs and lows of his temperament.''
The reforms of the 60's and 70's ''opened up a razzle-dazzle political circus.
That is something even Harley dealers concede.
And it's really paid off; I'd say there's been between a 35 and 50 percent increase in business.''
Mr. Gephardt's consultants worked feverishly on Wednesday and Thursday and fought back this weekend with a television advertisement in which an announcer with a decidedly New England accent says Mr. Simon ''has been distorting Dick Gephardt's record on Social Security.''
The Council members began receiving threatening telephone calls and envelopes containing bullets.
ALTHOUGH the London stock market remains ''jittery and skittish,'' as one highly placed Government economist put it yesterday, there is a growing belief on London's Wall Street that the danger of another market crash is receding.
After Mr. McKay's announcement, senior aides to Mr. Meese said that, barring the discovery of new evidence against him, the Attorney General was likely to remain until President Reagan's term ends next January.
center, in Louisville, Ky., is open 24 hours a day, 365 days a year.
My version is quite hearty in that it contains sausages and thin strips of prosciutto in addition to the chicken.
Though some lawmakers hailed the efforts of the Brady Commission, they also acknowledged that the recommendations were fraught with political pitfalls.
Otto is 22 years old and comes from Leipzig.
The company is also expected to announce that some of its products have received awards from automobile magazines.
In the next few days, Joseph A.
During the 1950's and 1960's, Mr. Daniels played engagements throughout the United States, Europe and Australia, and earned as much as $26,000 a week appearing in Las Vegas.
Sharing a Common Problem In North America, membership in self-help organizations has risen to an estimated 12 million to 15 million people today from an estimated 5 million to 8 million people in 1976 in roughly 500,000 separate organizations, including individual branch chapters.
Andy Hampsten, also of 7-Eleven, and a competitor in the race, recently became the first American to win the Giro d'Italia, the Tour of Italy.
The sometimes happy but too often sad career of Butch Wynegar apparently is finished.
The blooms are also encouraged by hot, still weather.
I'm really rather proud of it, shocking though that might be.
Udin Mandarin, Sawung Jabo, Awan Sanwani and Dudy Anggawi The Female Dancers .
said that the mining company, which is facing a $4.9 billion hostile takeover offer from a group controlled by South African companies, does not expect to sell any important assets.
That belongs to the American Timber Company, a family-owned business that charges the tenants land rent every year.
But women exposed to excessive radiation when they were over the age of 40 appear to be highly resistant.
The $52.50 price finally agreed upon was $2.50 a share lower than the minimum that Dillon, Read had set just a month earlier and is comparatively lower than just about any other acquisition of a Wall Street firm in the last seven years, according to the proxy statement.
The release was hailed by the British Foreign Office as ''an important step forward'' in British-Iranian relations.
The press agency Telam said he would be sent to a military prison in the interior.
The Cleveland Cavaliers yesterday signed Tree Rollins, the former Atlanta Hawk center, to a two-year contract estimated to be worth at least $1.6 million.
In addition, the society owns the time capsule that was retrieved last spring from the cornerstone of the former B'nai Schalom synagogue.
They say instead that they are the victims of overly ambitious prosecutors who have been ordered to break the labor movement.
Hal Sutton, who finished second to Azinger here last year when he missed a 5-foot putt for par on the final hole, is also among the 144 touring pros in the field competing for the top prize of $117,000.
None of this is to say that the Indiana lawmaker is now a campaigner who makes all his own moves independent of Bush-Quayle headquarters or who now delivers speeches of perfect syntax and substance.
Countries would no longer be entitled to draw the money simply for suffering a reverse.
In my agency's Compulsive Gambling Treatment Center, initiated three years ago, we have provided thousands of counseling visits to gamblers and family members.
The 100th Congress has finished its work and is gone, leaving people like Donnald K. Anderson and James C. Murr to clean up after them.
It was a sight not seen since February 1987, when 7,000 Syrian soldiers fanned out in West Beirut to stop six days of street battles between Amal and the mainly Druse militia known as the Progressive Socialist Party.
Steak ranchero with fresh thyme and tomato chili sauce was a recent offering.
Record companies fear that DAT's unflawed fidelity will tempt listeners to copy their friends' records instead of buying their own.
The network planning task involves more than 800,000 variables, and using conventional methods could require days or weeks of computer time.
It's a model in the way it is designed, in the way it is built, in the way it is financed and maintained.''
If you can't reserve a field, play in the park, and don't forget the picnic.
But the camera's status as a mechanical recording instrument does not mean that its images are necessarily any more innocent of bias than David's pigments.
Talking to an adolescent about sex is often an anxiety-provoking experience.
Her aunt Juanita Brawley reported her missing to the Newburgh police the evening of her disappearance.
Whatever it takes, greater consideration must be given to the needs of the individual to help him break the cycle of addiction.
Mr. Leight graduated from Western State College of Colorado in Gunnison and received a master's degree in journalism from the University of Missouri.
Mayor Wasicsko called on Council members at a recent meeting to withdraw the seminary-site resolution, and to pick an alternative site, an option offered by Judge Sand to resolve the impasse, but the Mayor was jeered at and berated by spectators in the Council chamber and his offer was ignored by the Councilmen.
In the mid-1950'S, Jim Lehrer was working his way through junior college behind a bus-station ticket counter in Victoria, Tex., when he heard that one of his sports heroes, the Brooklyn Dodger pitcher Don Newcombe, was in town.
Van der Wiel could not exploit 28 .
The witnesses were Sheldon W. Weiner, deputy director of health standards for the Occupational Safety and Health Administration, and John Martonik, the agency's director of standards analysis.
These firms are usually hired by companies to provide advice, clerical support and other resources to help dismissed executives in their job searches.
The Council of Better Business Bureaus recommends that when you choose a planner ask around for recommendations, and schedule introductory sessions with several planners.
The wide gap in their positions cast doubt on the prospects for future negotiations.
When Gibson, a left-handed-hitting outfielder who was considered the most attractive of the 62 free agents, was available, no one but his 1985 team, the Tigers, made him an offer.
These works owe much to Haydn and Mozart stylistically and technically but are consciously designed to outdo their music in overt expressiveness as well as in formal proportions.
But Ali Haji-Sheikh has missed three extra points and 6 of 19 field-goal attempts.
and causing non-risk drivers to pick up the tab.
They argued that new military aid would only sabotage the process, which demands a cessation of financing for all guerrilla groups.
In the face of so much resistance, Mr. Shultz's visit is seen by American officials as primarily an effort to maintain pressure on Israel, which may be persuaded to negotiate simply because the unrest in the occupied territories has remained so severe.
* Bruce S. Gordon has been appointed vice president of marketing at Bell Atlantic, Philadelphia.
Philosophically, though, his question is a valid one.
''The wildebeest died,'' one Botswanan said, ''partly because the Government put up cattle fences.
The Regency table of burl elm, above, was made in 1820.
In 1982, he joined the Italian leagues and it was there that the legend of Oscar began to grow.
I am reminded of this story by ''The Strange Nation of Rafael Mendes,'' a bemusing novel by the Brazilian physician and writer Moacyr Scliar.
Such messages, like a Government-distributed bumper sticker proclaiming, ''Mexico: Still on Its Feet,'' may seem a rather backhanded way for a government to pay tribute to itself.
After a momentary delay, he repeats my name and smiles as a flicker of warmth flashes across his face.
Now it's ''Buddy, can you spare a dime?''
b-After a gain of $4,475,000 from an accounting change.
After that first day, the rest followed a comfortable pattern.
They also took into account the risk of a potential damage award that could result from a lawsuit filed by the Polaroid Corporation, which accuses Kodak of instant-photography patent infringement.
Although the final figures are not available, Bernard R. Tresnowski, president of the national Blue Cross, said in an interview that ''the total will be $1 billion.''
It calls to you from headlines and editorials about capital punishment.
''The whole Dukakis fiasco in the state is a negative for us.''
''What was also indicated to me, and which would be denied everywhere, is that a portion of those funds will go directly to Labor,'' the memo said.
At Saint Barnabas Church, the Chamber Players of the reenwich Symphony close out their series with a program listing the Kodaly Duo for Violin and Cello, Mozart's Divertimento for those instruments plus viola (K. 563) and, with cello completing the contingent, the E-minor Capriccio of Felix Mendelssohn (661-5526).
For the same reasons, it counsels that plates with food on them should not be stacked on top of each other along the waiter's arm, but should be served from a tray.
Unusual Deposition Talks have also been held with another Canadian firm, Gordon Securities, which he said he believes represents another large oil company.
In the dispute, which dates back to 1984, Intel contends that NEC infringed the copyright on the microcode in its microprocessor.
Members of the National Wildlife Federation and the Environmental Defense Fund, two American conservation groups, said they provided further funds at the Miami conference and set up a schedule for the Indians to visit officials in Washington.
If everything goes right, it will finish in the middle of the pack.
''Harry had a strange look in his eyes,'' the investigators quoted him as saying.
But they do, and some are more personable than others.
''We got a lot of satisfaction winning in New York.
''I mean, a black man raping a white woman while her husband watched.''
She imagined that others might pity her for her misfortune.
The seminar, at the Krasnya Presnya world trade center on the Moscow River, has its origins in a request to the American members of the trade and economic council from Yuriy M. Deomidov, general director of the Soviet state advertising agency.
He ends it: ''Francois is dead, perhaps.
A special prosecutor said that he found ''insufficient evidence as of this date'' that Mr. Meese ''knowingly participated in criminal activities in connection with his Wedtech actions.''
International Agricultural trade is not freer, despite promises by officials of the leading industrial nations to begin withdrawing aid to farmers in exporting their crops.
''I got outpitched,'' he conceded.
Meanwhile the Rocky Flats weapons plant in Colorado continues to send plutonium wastes by train and every month the pile grows by 280 barrels.
not often heard in this role, or in comparable Italian repertory, at the Met in recent years .
The scientists who belong to SETI (Search for Extraterrestrial Intelligence) expect that society's first close encounter with an alien civilization will come in the form of a signal deciphered from the noise that bombards us from outer space.
I'm even thinking of leaving a brown paper bag full of auxiliary vegetables next to the pumpkins, figuring that on mischief night kids will take anything.
Supporters of the bill say its chief targets include Japan, South Korea and West Germany.
''I've heard the nigger who got killed was one of the meanest son-of-a-guns who has ever been in this part of the country.''
That would be a clear double standard because all countries I can think of, including the United States, practice some form of protectionism.
Prices of livestock and meat futures ended mixed on the Chicago Mercantile Exchange after declining sharply earlier in the day in reaction to the Agriculture Department's monthly cattle-on-feed report.
Still, he mentions ''the dour look on the faces of New York Philharmonic audiences, before a new work is going to be played.''
Holbein's portraits of learned men and successful merchants in Basel have an almost hallucinatory rightness.
A1 Soviet Jewish emigration in April reached 1,086, the highest monthly total since 1981, diplomats said.
At one point, Karl argued that his desk was real because ''you can put your hands on it, you can put your books inside it.''
''They tried to mix apples and oranges and the result was the company never really got the multiple that they'd sought,'' he said.
Some cancers showed smaller increases, while others showed declines in mortality rates.
I am sure other readers wish to know of second-class hotels not easily discoverable.
Call 777-1833 for more information.
David Blohm, the president of Mathsoft, said his company was pleased with its sale of 30,000 Mathcad programs in a year and a half.
Time considerations are the most formidable.
After laughingly correcting himself, he continued, ''Now it's an auditor in every kitchen.''
''Federated is really the best of the department store groups,'' he said on Friday.
Steel production rose to 1.949 million tons in the week ended Saturday, an increase of 1.5 percent from the previous week's 1.921 million tons, the American Iron and Steel Institute reported yesterday.
John Beckwith Madden, a general partner in the private banking firm of Brown Brothers Harriman & Company, died of a heart attack Tuesday at his home in Brooklyn Heights.
Finally, the crisis on the nation's farms and in its industrial cities has helped forge a new alliance in the Midwest that could prove potent for a future Democratic candidate if the coalition can be held together.
The Shell Oil Company, for example, estimates that in 1987, total world energy production of hydrocarbon fuels was the equivalent of 135 million barrels of oil a day.
Mr. Wall's support of this request is unprecedented, industry experts say; it has drawn criticism even from fellow regulators, who fear that other thrift executives will try to resolve future disputes this way.
He's got to hit the campaign trail, take the gloves off.''
For years, anti-abortion groups have chipped away at Roe v. Wade, working to cut off state financing of abortions for poor women and to limit minors' access to abortion.
Even the most optimistic Republicans have lost hope of winning a majority in the Senate.
That is a modest sweetener, considering the prices at the Summit.
Fawn Hall, the former secretary to Oliver L. North, has been named by a Federal grand jury as an unindicted co-conspirator in the Iran-contra affair, The Los Angeles Times a reported today.
In order to devise effective solutions to the problem, we must understand and address the problems that lead both to the criminal court.
A calendar of exhibits and tours in The Home Section yesterday gave an incorrect schedule for a pottery bazaar at Greenwich House Pottery, 16 Jones Street, near Bleecker Street.
The Nomura Securities Company, the world's largest securities concern, said today that it would pay $100 million for a 20 percent stake in one of Wall Street's hottest mergers-and-acquisitions firms, a sure sign that a Japanese spree of buying American companies is just beginning.
While resistance to the draft is not yet widespread, the Government on Monday restricted an anti-draft organization, and some conscripts express moral reservations if their army duties include putting down demonstrations in the black townships.
Views of Evangelical Christians Moreover, only 9 percent in The Times poll said he had ''the right kind of experience'' to be a good President, while 70 per cent said he did not.
HELEN L. HORWITZ Stamford, Conn.
(A hectare is about 2.5 acres.)
Although he succumbed to a power yellow tie a few years back, Mr. Bush's taste in neckwear runs to conservative colors like burgundy.
LEAD: *3*** COMPANY REPORTS ** *3* Family Steak Houses of Florida (OTC) Qtr to Sept 28 1988 1987 Revenue 8,769,760 6,028,263 Net inc 302,822 406,659 Share earns .03 .04 9mo rev 24,447,066 16,860,478 Net inc 1,178,973 1,151,988 Share earns .11 .11 View Full Article in Timesmachine 
''The issue is not whether psychosocial factors influence disease,'' says Robert Ader, professor of psychosocial medicine at the University of Rochester School of Medicine and Dentistry.
He added, ''We have no history of prosecution in this area.''
They sought to build a chain of convalescent homes for the elderly, Medicenters of America, and they formed the Alodex Corporation to erect single-family homes.
The slaying of Robert F. Kennedy.
It was not clear whether he meant solidarity with Algeria's Government or its people.
But then, unless the Government grants a reprieve, weapon manufacturing here will cease.
NATIONAL FOOTBALL LEAGUE -Approved the transfer of ownership of the New England Patriots to Victor Kiam and Fran Murray.
Standing on the river bank, watching the participants stamp their feet and rub their hands together to keep warm, Mr. Lainhoff wondered whether men were ''tougher'' in Washington's time than now.
* Raychem Corp., Menlo Park, Calif., a maker of industrial products, said it had signed a definitive agreement to sell a subsidiary, Bentley-Harris Manufacturing Co., a maker of fiber-reinforced composite products, to a subsidiary of T&N P.L.C., Manchester, England, for $32 million.
TRADITIONALLY, IN GOLF, THE MAJOR tournaments, contested by not just American tour players but the finest golfers in the world, are where greatness is measured.
one shouted at Ms. Recht, who is white.
He is pushing for the nomination of one of his top assistants by Mr. D'Amato.
The Court has, nonetheless, replaced the clear constitutional prescription that the executive power belongs to the President with a ''balancing test.''
Mr. Henderson then walked out a side entrance, encountered the garbage man, Laplose Chestnut Jr., 34, and fired his .38-caliber pistol, wounding him in the hand.
Overconfidently, South won in his hand, crossed to the club king and finessed the diamond queen.
If shortness is bad for mental health, is there a compensation in physical well-being?
Many experts hope the new procedure will work better than the adrenal transplants.
''I think the numbers suggest that the inflation rate is gradually, insidiously starting to accelerate.''
Like most of Kohn Pedersen Fox's architecture, this skyscraper is well detailed, but ultimately compromised by the near-impossibility of mixing 1980's gigantism with 1920's classicism.
Spotlighting opera by Verdi, Mascagni, Puccini, Ponchielli and Leoncavallo, the Nassau Symphony Orchestra, with Alfredo Silipigni conducting and Rebecca Copley, soprano, and Maurice Stern, tenor, will be at the Adams Playhouse on Hofstra University's Hempstead campus, also at 8 P.M.
''It looked like the puck had eyes and was hitting me all night,'' Lemelin said.
''People know that the bad economic situation is caused by the war, not by the Government,'' he said.
''There is no such thing as a foolproof system,'' said George Ross, safety liaison official for the Chicago Board of Education.
However, Juan Samuel grounded into an inning-ending double play.
Under the current rules, there is no such requirement.
Other Beneficiaries These fees are paid into trust funds.
Unicef promoted him in 1950 to regional director for Asia, a Bangkok-based post that he held until 1963, working to improve the lot of what he described as ''half the world's children.''
Production for the year has totaled 77.292 million net tons, up 16.9 percent from 66.092 million a year ago.
On the other hand, Lucien Lebaudt, who painted the largest frescoes in Coit Tower in San Francisco as well as those that decorate the nearby, newly restored Beach Chalet, a city-owned restaurant, is judged the finest painter of his time in the Bay area, according to an art historian, Claire Isaacs, who is director of the San Francisco Arts Commission.
But Senator Bingaman, a Democrat from New Mexico, said: ''This use of multiple final offers has expanded and become a way of life.''
Weekend chamber concerts by Rudolf Serkin's select group of young and experienced artists.
Austria would be asked to go along with this plan.
The rest live as far away as Hartford, New Haven or Providence, so the effect is spread over a much wider area than 13 years ago.
Spotlights are strategically placed outside on the lawn, so that diners focus on the natural landscape and on the sea beyond.
They found that after healthy sperm enters a female rat's reproductive tract, masses of deformed sperm in the same batch of semen bunch together, initiate the formation of a kind of plug, and die.
Contras Seeking Refuge In Costa Rica last Friday, a senior contra leader, Alfredo Cesar, said that about 20 percent of the contra force was making its way out of Nicaragua toward Honduran camps along the northern border with Nicaragua.
Why does a busy restaurant have ingredient after ingredient missing?
In practical terms, his outlook is summed up by his feelings about deer hunting.
Asked about a possible suicide, Croudep said he didn't think that is what happened.
Questions on Military Service For his part, Mr. Quayle, at his first news conference since Mr. Bush selected him Tuesday for the second place on the ticket, defended his qualifications but had some difficulty fending off questions as to whether his joining the National Guard during the Vietnam War had been an effort to avoid combat.
It describes a world in which the ''rich who have suicided in life are taking us, the whole human world, as if they love us, into death.''
So the betrothal was arranged and the marriage soon followed.
The arguable connection between Rose's behavior in twice shoving Umpire Dave Pallone and that of the crowd undoubtedly figured in his extraordinary suspension of 30 days for the Cincinnati manager.
''I think that we will announce it before Taylor is in the locker room,'' he said.
On Wednesday Gillette reported a 37 percent rise in net income in the first three months of 1988 and projected a 12 percent earnings growth for the next several years.
On one side are the successors to the Russian Formalists, who claimed that poetic language existed in a world apart from the practical language of communication (French criticism is indebted to Mr. Todorov's translations of these early 20th-century thinkers).
In west-central Idaho, officials of the Nez Perce National Forest offered a $5,000 reward for information about a 2,175-acre fire that was thought to have been set.
The more time-consuming search with dogs, heat-seeking devices and sound detectors would be abandoned.
Groene led when he and Ludwig began the last sprint, but the East German was stronger and blew a kiss to the crowd and raised arms in the air as he crossed the finish line.
This contraction is, in one sense, a legacy of the 60's, and it is ultimately what gives unity to the various mediums and methods that he practices.
Mr. Burnley said he saw little advantage in making the F.A.A.
My father climbed overboard with a line tied to the bow windlass bitt.
And Pillsbury said it would soon appoint a new corporate chief executive.
The prettiest is a French book ''The Creative Art of Bonsai'' by Isabelle and Remy Samson (David & Charles, Inc, $29.95).
(In the national competition, height, girth and crown spread are all taken into account when judging the size of a tree.)
The benzophenone absorbs both the burning and tanning rays of the sun.
In the past China has often accused foreigners of instigating pro-independence demonstrations in Tibet, and the characterization of the women seemed intended to portray her as one of the demonstrators rather than an ordinary tourist.
After years of inaction, however, banks have recently begun to address aggressively these and other problems.
Of that, up to $50 would go to the mother, and the rest would help defray the cost of county welfare payments, which would continue in full.
Mad Hilda is cast in Lucia-like form - an operatic in-joke complete with coloratura that Lisa Saffer handled well.
Last October officials from the United States and European governments met but failed to settle their differences over Airbus and to avoid trade recriminations, but they are scheduled to meet again on March 18 in Germany.
The boosters of the state's first-in-the-nation primary say the changes have made New Hampshire a more representative state than it once was, even though in general elections it is still one of the most Republican states in the nation; no Democratic Presidential nominee has carried New Hampshire since Lyndon B. Johnson in 1964.
But he, and everyone else with the Knicks, knows that Friday's game was the one to steal.
Elegance and Comfort The redecorating, too, has had a rather colorful history.
Harvey had 14, just 3 in the second half, and Jayson Williams had 12 points, just 4 in the second half.
Lawsuits by two states and several advocacy groups are to be filed today to block new Federal regulations that severely restrict access to information about abortion.
NBC's White House correspondent Frank Bourgholtzer is on the train with the President; he is heard by radio while the picture shows the train leaving the station.
Fred Lebow of the New York Road Runners Club, for example, has frequently indicated a strong desire to have the Summer Games in the New York area.
About 77,000 American citizens and 43,000 legal and illegal resident aliens were affected by the order.
Donald Trump, hearing that Mr. Gorbachev was in front of Trump Tower, rushed down from his office to see if the Communist leader had changed his mind back about viewing the Manhattan billionaire's lush capitalist empire.
It's a gentrified neighborhood; wine bars and glassy little restaurants with blond furniture have replaced the strip joints and ethnic eateries that once proliferated.
You assert that Premier is ''safer'' than genuine cigarettes and should be sold without F.D.A.
Civil rights groups say the measures could herald an even harsher form of influx control of nonwhites than the previous pass laws, which were abolished in 1986.
''The Glamour, the Glory and the Glitz of Hollywood,'' an exhibition of 20 costumes worn by some of the movie world's legendary performers, is at the Market at Citicorp Center, Lexington Avenue at 53d Street.
Antonio, who grew up in Harlem, credited his mother and his aunts, all of them dressmakers, with instilling in him a sense of style and fashion.
An announcer said, ''And the winner of the gold medallion in the under-$50 category, Vinyl and Plastic, is .
Again, the difference of three millimeters may not seem like much numerically.
But Mr. Dole's campaign chairman in New York, Senator Alfonse M. D'Amato, accused other Republican party leaders of ''rigging'' the primary rules in favor of Mr. Bush, the same kind of allegation Mr. Robertson's spokesmen have made in other states.
Close Relationship Another element that may have contributed to Mr. Paisley's power was his close personal and professional relationship with Mr. Lehman.
The Federal Express Corporation recently adopted packaging requirements for diagnostic samples sent through its overnight courier service.
''These were strong and dynamic businesses,'' said Mr. Hawley, Carter Hawley's chairman and chief executive.
The immediate cause of Hutton's forced sale was the stock market collapse on Oct. 19.
It is a labor-intensive enterprise, placing far greater demands on teachers than the comparative cushiness of law professors elsewhere.
The information that ''every American needs to know.''
CBS affiliate stations around the country tape the weekly show from a feed transmitted by the network's New York office, she said.
Deductible contributions to a Keogh plan can be as high as 20 percent of self-employment earnings under a ''money purchase'' plan arrangement or up to 13.043 percent under a ''profit sharing'' arrangement.
''I think one of the things that we Democrats let the Republicans do is kind of assume that mantle,'' he said.
In the climactic ''Nockerova Ballet'' (with music by Victor Herbert), the evening's most elaborate production number, Sally and her allies spoof the classical ballet.
The company noted that the television broadcasting business is seasonal with the first quarter generally contributing the lowest level of revenue.
Drabek (2-0) gave up a first-inning single to Ryne Sandberg, and Vance Law singled with two outs in the second to extend his hitting streak to 10 games, equaling his career high.
Save for such musical felicities as Mr. Holmes's hauntingly melodious ballad, ''Moonfall,'' and a sweet operetta-type duet, ''Perfect Strangers,'' much of the first, and longer, act is lugubrious.
Now they have come together again to produce a study of the complexities of love as they figure in some of the key love stories of the three cultural worlds with which, between them, they are familiar - Western, Hindu and Islamic.
The General Services Administration's Board of Contract Appeals today suspended a $3.6 billion contract that the Federal Aviation Administration awarded to the International Business Machines Corporation last month.
Society peace officers must register with the State Division of Criminal Justice Services and submit to a background check, as do 70,000 other people, from department store security guards to state correction officers.
Timing the pitch perfectly, Alessie belts a towering drive that clears the backstop in distant centerfield (actually behind home plate) - a clout of at least 100 feet.
Ward, still the wise daddy, is now such a lush that he spends most of his time helpless on the kitchen floor.
''We either go that way, or they convert us and we all become heathens.
Or how about celebrating ''Bat Month'' at Tackapausha Museum in Seaford?
That's far more than the total of purses to be won.
Fraternity members called the campus police to report that he was ill, said Alan A. Rockoff, the Middlesex County Prosecutor, who is investigating the case.
Reggie wants to win a pennant, and money is not a pre-eminent thing.''
At home on these ranges, depending upon location, are deer, cottontail rabbits, raccoons, blue crabs, striped bass, snakes and bevies of birds of all descriptions - ducks, swans, Canada geese, egrets, herons, barn owls and many more.
Perhaps the most important idea here is the need to distinguish between motive and consequence.
In late May, for example, an Irish Times-Market Research Bureau poll found that 55 percent of the electorate were satisfied with Mr. Haughey's performance, the highest rating ever for an Irish Prime Minister.
Photographs are commonly grafted with painting and sculpture, their surfaces encrusted or marred, the image altered so that it can no longer be considered a documen-tary report of a thing or event.
''There was some evidence the French weren't moving as fast as they needed to be,'' one official said.
''What Butts has been doing and saying has been consistent with the role and tradition of the black church,'' Mr. Daniels added.
Laws in Arizona and Wisconsin will permit the seizure of a driver's license on the spot if he is suspected of being drunk.
The door to the shop opened and Sharon Rector entered carrying an armload of crocheted dolls.
Mr. Clurman's lifetime in the profession readily qualifies him to discuss with authority the corrective function of journalism.
LOVE IN THE TIME OF CHOLERA By Gabriel Garcia Marquez.
He is survived by two sons, Albert L. Key of Locust Valley, L.I., and David M. Key Jr., of Greenwich, Conn.; a daughter, Mrs. Marjorie Andrews of Brewster, N.Y.; eight grandchildren and eight great-grandchildren.
He's taught us that we are as good as our capacity for caring  caring about the drug problem, caring about crime, caring about education and caring about each other.
LEAD: *3*** COMPANY REPORTS ** *3* Robotic Vision Systems Inc (OTC) Qtr to Sept 30 1988 1987 Revenue 3,256,000 3,386,000 Net inc 66,000 18,000 Share earns .01 - Yr rev 15,271,000 14,825,000 Net inc 24,000 62,000 Share earns - .01 View Full Article in Timesmachine 
It is an important book, and like all good revisionist history it should stir some useful controversies - although it appears at a time when prominent historians seem to be demanding a restoration of faith in the old verities and a return to canonical methods.
The New York Times, Dec. 5) seems to set a standard of conduct on the part of individuals regarding their professional activities in countries with whose human rights policies we disagree either officially or unofficially.
Federal prosecutors brought postal inspectors into the case because the mails had been used.
Executive Order 215, issued in 1982, is an administrative stimulant to Massachusetts communities to produce low- and moderate-income housing.
A native of East Steubenville, W.Va., Mr. Rogers graduated from Miami University in Oxford, Ohio, and received a law degree from Ohio State University.
In an interview last month with United States reporters based in Canada, the 49-year-old Prime Minister recalled that he entered the 1984 general election as a 20-point underdog to the ruling Liberals but won a landslide victory.
Engine 41 is at 330 East 150th Street in the South Bronx, and 232 is at 266 Rockaway Avenue in the Brownsville area.
Ms. Kobe, on the other hand, said she expected the Government to report this week a sizable increase for the first quarter in its key employment cost index, one of the best gauges of wage pressures.
For the last 18 months, the Dollar Dry Dock Bank of New York has promoted bridge loans, and has made 100 of them during that period, said Nicholas Rizzetta, senior vice president of residential lending.
Chief Kelly said that although the summer heat seemed like an obvious factor in August's increase in killings, ''it's really hard to predict these things.''
''It was like a second home,'' she said.
There are no reliable industry figures, but the consensus is that losses are rising and are well over $30 million a year.
High on the facade floats a lively mural - recently relighted - depicting a rock concert, by Hank Prussing and Jeff Green.
He was elected President in 1986, amid accusations of vote fraud.
''I wasn't displeased with the officiating,'' Schoenfeld said, ''and neither was Boston, I think.''
I never afterward had the slightest desire to tell his secret to any of my friends; indeed, I ardently concealed it.''
Next week's meeting ''responds to South African requests for authoritative briefings from the United States at a time when there have been important developments in our talks with other parties,'' said a State Department spokeswoman, Anita Stockman.
Also, while complimenting the personnel's competence and compassion, an auditor for an accreditation commission found that the ward lacked the staff and space to fulfill its potential for quality care.
Oklahoma 115, Arkansas-Little Rock 96 NORMAN, Okla. (AP) - Tyrone Jones made seven of nine 3-point shots and Stacey King added 31 points for Oklahoma (8-1).
As we flew above the Sound, my mind returned to the strip of coastlines left behind.
Similar rallies are planned tomorrow and Saturday at the House of the Lord Pentecostal Church and Antioch Baptist Church, both in Brooklyn, as the coalition concentrates on communities that it said were ''historically and systematically prevented from exercising their full measure of political participation.''
The reply, which attacks the increase in the Federal budget deficit in the Reagan Administration, will be broadcast in only one state, Texas.
When Mr. Holzman became the Knicks' head coach in 1967, he was ready: ''There's a time for everything in a man's life, and this, I knew, was my time, my time to do something special.
''You really didn't answer the question,'' he said.
But it was the first such move that the United States has used its right of veto to block.
The Soviet Defense Minister, in a rare television appearance, has sharply criticized the Soviet press for undermining public respect for the Soviet Army.
In his opinion today, he accepted all the key arguments made by Mr. Sachs.
This summer, when drought in the great plains lowered the Mississippi's water level and forced a reduction in barge traffic, the spring runoff from the Rocky Mountains that provides much of the Mackenzie's vast flow kept this river at normal levels.
To be eligible for legalization, aliens must prove continuous residence in the United States since Jan. 1, 1982, and demonstrate that they are ''not likely to become a financial charge.''
I hope I feel like that 30 years from now.
Membership in the four-year-old group was 200 last summer and is between 250 and 300 this summer, he added.
Based on a preliminary analysis of some fragments of bone and military equipment found at the site, including a number of embossed buttons and religious medals, they have concluded that this unknown soldier was one of four enlisted men buried in the grave.
In a one-bedroom apartment occupied by an elderly couple, a small entry leads to a long, narrow living room with a terrace and a generous bedroom off the bathroom.
''We've always done our own windows.
It seemed that the whole vast smelting operation would grind to a halt.
Dr. Kornblum continues on the witness stand today.
An exhibition of color and silver gelatin portraits by Evelyn Hofer continues through Oct. 26 in the gallery, University Center 104.
''They both just felt they had to work,'' said Captain Roe.
Litigation Would Be Halted Those three issues had been the focus of negotiations that began in February 1987 and spilled over into the courts.
I was struck there by the wonderful haphazard order of the objects he has collected and saved and arranged in a randomness I knew not to be random - a disorder I thought to be the highest form of order, a personal one, which only Mr. Birch understands.''
Bill Packer, chairman of New York's 1986-87 America II campaign, said last week that he expected individual American yachtsmen to support a single defense boat from the San Diego Yacht Club in 1991.
Edberg, the Wimbledon champion this year, is ranked third in the world, and Agassi is fourth-ranked.
Maureen Thompson, a Ralston spokeswoman, said the company had no plans to be similarly openhanded in other parts of the nation.
Because the method replaces standard, and simplifying, assumptions about data with extensive computer calculations, it can be a powerful tool, Dr. Mosteller said.
Hirdt is a recognized expert on baseball statistics who is one of the authors of the ''Elias Baseball Analyst,'' an annual publication that provides more useful statistical information about teams and players than any fan could think of asking.
One-line stamps start at $3.
We almost never said publicly what we actually thought about the merits of an issue.
They don't like his plan to read to his class the last paragraph of Bartolomeo Vanzetti's last speech to the court, the court that sentenced him and his fellow anarchist Nicola Sacco to die for their part in a holdup.
On Aug. 22, 1986, the day the LBO became a fact, REPH owed the investors $846 million.
He worked for Mr. Abboud at the First Chicago Corporation in Chicago as a senior vice president and later at the Occidental Petroleum Company as a corporate administrator.
In the end, the reader feels like David, Mary's barrister husband, whose ''first big case for the prosecution kept putting him on the side of the defense.''
''He felt he had to say something, but he told me he regretted what he said.''
(editorial, Nov. 28) states that after leveraged buyouts, ''it is rarely in the interest of the new owners to fire the employees.''
I must admit it took me some time to become a self-indulgent retiree.
The hijackers of a Kuwait Airlines jetliner released 32 more passengers in Iran early today, but warned that those remaining would be in danger if Kuwait failed to meet the hijackers' demands, Iran's official press agency reported.
The $5.03 billion, or $64-a-share, offer from the leveraged buyout firm had been rejected by the supermarket company as inadequate.
The models affected this year include the Chrysler LeBaron coupe and convertible, the Dodge Daytona and the older, rear-wheel-drive Chrysler Fifth Avenue, Dodge Diplomat and Plymouth Gran Fury.
In Puerto Rico, voter turnout is high.
So you say, so what if we lose the buck moth?
b-Includes a provision for losses of $937,000.
Gen. Colin L. Powell, met with each of the four Presidents - from Guatemala, Honduras, El Salvador and Costa Rica - and urged them to speak up and complain that the Sandinistas have failed to comply with the peace plan.
Lowery Bake Shop, 40-12 Queens Blvd.
William H. Scott, general manager of San Francisco's Municipal Railway in its most difficult period, died at the age of 100 on Monday.
And at the Washington headquarters of the Organization of American States, a move to call an emergency session of the organization's permanent council to discuss the Panama crisis was blocked today by Ambassador Juan Alberte Llanes of Paraguay, which supports General Noriega.
The research suggests that the cervix, the narrow lower end of the uterus, might be directly infected by contact with infected sperm.
''I think we all realize that this silhouette cannot be worn by everyone,'' says Calvin Klein.
The town houses will range from 2,000 to 2,450 square feet and start at $300,000.
The St. Louis Cardinals, the team the Twins beat in the Series, aren't wasting the winter, either.
He was last in Havana in 1974 and, before that, in late 1960 -just before the United States broke relations with the revolutionary government of Fidel Castro.
''We basically can ask for reports and be critical, but I don't think the American people understand how much power the President really has in this.
He is survived by his wife, Gertrude, of Westport; a son, Richard, of New Haven, and a daughter, Patricia Gordon of Red Hook, N.Y.
Some industry sources said, however, that Mr. Icahn might still be interested in selling the airline and that contacts among various investor and union groups had taken place.
''The contract is a blueprint for teacher empowerment,'' Mr. Cerra said.
Of 66 ticks initially collected, 8 percent tested positive for the parasite.
The van - its doors dented, its windows smashed, its seats ripped by the attackers - remained in the park until early yesterday while detectives continued interviewing people in the neighborhood.
Isamu Noguchi, a versatile and prolific sculptor whose earthy stones and meditative gardens bridging East and West have become landmarks of 20th-century art, died of heart failure yesterday at the New York University Medical Center.
Kite said in Texas fashion: ''Oh, shoot.
''The economy entered 1988 with a healthy, although slower, rate of growth than it ended 1987,'' Mr. Bretz said.
Col. Oliver L. North and others, according to private testimony released today.
Recommended dishes: Clams posillipo, seafood salad, veal tonnato, stuffed eggplant, all salads, gnocchi, rigatoni alla vodka, linguine with white clam sauce, chicken scarpata, stuffed calamari, veal chop, swordfish livornese, soft-shell crabs, sausages and peppers, steak pizzaiola, pork chops with vinegar peppers, chocolate shell topped with fruit, chocolate mousse, peaches in red wine.
''But I don't want to live there.''
''They tagged me with this role model thing,'' said Williams, who played college football at Grambling State University.
While not necessarily an augury of better buildings, the sight of Yale architecture students drawing these carvings was heartening.
There are two West Coast ''redwood'' trees.
A World War II Pilot Graduating while still in his teens, he subsequently worked as the last editor of Ballyhoo, a satirical magazine, and then at the Dell Publishing Company before becoming a pilot in the Army Air Corps.
It can store corporate logos and trademarks as well.
The reason is that the Soviet Union is working hard to retrieve and increase its influence in the Middle East.
Admission is about $5 (prices throughout at 6 francs to the dollar).
A Chrysler Corporation executive could not be reached for comment.
Most disturbing are allegations by Germany's Environment Minister, Klaus Topfer, that some plutonium is missing.
NORTH TARRYTOWN - First Reformed Church, 242 North Broadway.
Fast films generally are not only more contrasty, they're also more grainy.
Other courts have been modernized, but have retained certain traditional features, such as councils of tribal elders and codes barring termination of parental rights.
Con Edison officials said they did not know what caused the manhole blast, but in the past such indidents have occurred when an electrical spark ignited a combustible mixture such as natural gas, which travels through underground pipes.
Of course, golf is the wrong place to go looking for fairness.
Take the cartridge to a hardware or plumbing supply store and obtain replacement O rings identical to the old ones.
* Bally Manufacturing Corp., Chicago, maker of coin-operated amusement and gaming machines, elected Roger N. Keesee president.
Summer Study Mr. Huffman was born in Orlando, Fla., where he studied with Edith Royal, from whose school Robert Joffrey frequently recruited dancers.
Among the wild residents are squirrel monkeys, white-faced monkeys, two- and three-toed sloths, peccary-like agouti, iguanas, pelicans, frigate birds, parrots, toucans and other tropical and marine life.
You have to deal with life itself, which has its bloodletting on all levels.
In the corporate market there is a considerable shadow calendar, representing industrial companies and savings and loans that are waiting for favorable interest rate levels.
These days, sports stories commonly use the milieu of athletes and their exploits for far wider purposes, to show us something about who we are and how we live.
And they finished the job by beating the Mets, 4-2, in a tour de force of four-hit, offspeed pitching by Bob Knepper.
Mr. Miller said the absenteeism rate was now 22 days a year per employee.
Beginning tomorrow, 12 years and two weeks since Broyles first filed his claim, his case, and another with which it has been paired, will determine whether some 155,000 miners who say they have black lung will be able to reopen claims the Government has denied.
My eyelids will drape over my kneecaps before I have cosmetic surgery.
Some American officials see this as an increasingly likely scenario but they point out a number of problems with it.
's acting administrator, said in a statement that the use of accepted business practices, like commercial credit cards, could help the Government to manage more effectively its financial resources.
She could need frequent medication, each with its attendant side effects.
As a sophomore at East Meadow High School he played first base and hit .288.
The video effects are good.
Midway on the stairway, visitors will find the memorial to Gracie Fields, the London music-hall performer in London and beloved doyenne of Capri.
Previously, no minimum participation was required.
In a women's quarterfinal, second-seeded Martina Navratilova eliminated sixth-seeded Helena Sukova, 6-4, 7-6.
'Depends on the Spin' ''It depends what kind of a spin the Governor puts on things,'' Senator James Lack, a Suffolk County Republican, said of the possibility that the Legislature would reconsider the issue after a break.
''At least three-quarters of all fixed-rate home loans are sold in the secondary market, whereas less than 20 percent of all ARM's are sold,'' Mr. Brendsel said.
You would think this is a matter of some importance, one that would pique our curiosity and perhaps even influence the way we vote.
Anna was involved with Walter Rummel, the musician who had been Isadora's admirer.
Nor was Ferrell a stranger to homers as a batter.
A stray cow might cross in front of you, and you will be obliged to stop to let it pass and so you will chance to hear the song of the meadowlark on the fence post.
Flight A Pairs - Uday Ivatury and Tim Rostad, both of Manhattan.
After President Reagan took office in 1981, Mr. Shaheen continued studying the actions of former President Jimmy Carter's Attorney General, Benjamin R. Civiletti.
Before we even started to do the picture, we were in the studio 16 to 18 hours a day.''
Influential Policy Maker Mr. Armitage is one of the Pentagon's most influential policy makers, especially on foreign aid and covert operations.
About a quarter of the students come from Iowa, though over 30 states will be represented in September's freshman class.
But who would the major architects pay attention to?
The Government report showed that strong consumer spending increased demand for foreign goods, with imports surging 12 percent in October.
At least one of the longer beams splintered, sending the shorter beams and the workers tumbling.
If we win RICO, we can eliminate Lilco, kill the deal and empower the people.
The match was closer than the scores might have indicated.
During the talks, Neil van Heerden, director general of the South African Foreign Ministry, met with Colonel Sassou-Nguesso.
Louganis was first in the qualifying rounds of platform diving, but he and Xiong had exchanged leads throughout the finals.
At a news conference, Mr. Van de Kamp played down the possible damages, saying his primary reason for bringing the suit was to insure compliance with the law.
At the same time, under his tenure, G. E. has bought some decidedly non-smokestack businesses: R.C.A., with its NBC television network, and Kidder, Peabody & Company, the Wall Street firm.
In December 1929, Stalin declared his policy: the kulaks were to be eliminated.
Date With an Angel Starring Emmanuelle Beart, Phoebe Cates, Michael E. Knight, David Dukes, Phil Brock, Albert Macklin, Pete Kowanko, Vinny Argiro, Bibi Besch.
The state transportation bond act, the only other proposition to appear on the November ballot, is a model of clarity and disclosure - a model for the Charter Revision Commission to follow.
''We were worried that the monsoon was again going to play hide-and-seek with us.
But as in everything else, that energy is restrained behind a quiet and purposeful demeanor.
''The Serpent and the Rainbow,'' which opens today at the Movieland and other theaters, also has a screenplay that often breaks its spell.
Mr. Eastman has nearly finished ''Melting Pot,'' a science-fiction adventure comic book.
The two sides also differ on the limit the United States has proposed for the number of warheads on Soviet land-based missiles and a corresponding limit the Russians have proposed on the number of warheads on American submarine missiles, among other issues.
But Eugene Reisman, an attorney specializing in real estate, said that in other cases a landlord probably could insist on payment from the named tenant.
''And that included pricing and wages,'' she emphasized.
The company's dress rehearsals were open to dancers and students, and some Bolshoi Ballet dancers took in company classes.
It'll help if he gets a recharged Strawberry, the engine that has carried the offense all year.
McReynolds, who saved one run and maybe two for Ojeda, agreed that a run was a special commodity these days.
Then he fell to 111th on the money list, his worst finish since his rookie season of 1977 when he was 129th.
Dr. Williams is in the process of negotiating a contract for some research work on energy return he will perform for Etonic, an athletic shoe manufacturer.
MARLOW: Are you going to keep on like this?
In the end, there wasn't quite enough Islander tradition available to prolong their stay in these playoffs.
Writers and art directors resurrected ads that agencies or clients had killed.
Mr. Stufano and Mr. Nally had received the plant from a Philadelphia nursery.
The Federal Bureau of Investigation, the New Jersey State Police and the Port Authority of New York and New Jersey are investigating.
''If the amendment goes through, it will create a barrier between Israel and the diaspora,'' he said.
Sensitive to the politics of their charge, they wisely will make no policy decisions before Nov. 8.
He spies a $400,000 house on the site of a newly forming inlet, and he explodes: ''Madness!
Does anyone remember the horrendous Torrey Canyon?
For some, boredom may be a necessary result.
He says, 'I'm going to get mine today,' or, talking about the pitcher, 'He's mine today.'
Iran said 53 people were killed in the Iraqi raids.
''For Frank Pallone, I became a political hack,'' he said.
The store is a quarter-mile east of New Dorp Avenue.
Ms. Hurdle introduced Nancy Pascal, a student mediator.
''I have certain barometers, certain measurements, that will tell me.
Mr. Newman, who has been the subject of stories on the CBS Evening News and the NBC ''Today'' program, as well as in many newspapers, built a sports car two years ago that he said was powered only by his motor.
''In fact, Jeremy comes to sound like a vampire-rights advocate, lecturing the bad guys that vampires are just people, too,'' she said.
According to Judith E. Kurtz, a lawyer for Equal Rights Advocates in San Francisco, which represented the women, the ruling affects approximately 1,500 women who work for the Forest Service in California.
''I've been lifted 12 feet off the ground and 50 feet out,'' said Mr. Coppola, describing his past adventures with Flexifoils.
Fast Flux Test Facility Hanford Reservation, Richland, Wash. Project Build reactor to provide nuclear materials for the Clinch River Breeder Reactor.
Steroid use has been viewed as a problem in the sport for some time.
Space to Test Pontoons Federal prosecutors have contended that Wedtech falsely portrayed itself as a minority-group company to obtain contracts without competitive bidding.
The new program at Valley ''is clearly being built on the backs of existing programs,'' said John Gribbin, senior vice president of operations at the Passaic hospital, which is a half-hour drive from Ridgewood.
Nearly 80 percent of all goods traded in the $130 billion of merchandise trade that passes between the two nations each year already is tariff-free.
''It's so hard to accept people who are overdressed as anyone you'd want to talk to,'' he says.
B13 The jamming of computer networks across the nation resulted from one of the most basic and common weaknesses in any system: human forgetfulness.
With ''Anthills of the Savannah,'' that process was uniquely affected by the Biafran war of 1967-70.
When the time comes that author and detective stare at each other mutely because meaningful communication between them is no longer possible, and questions are no longer asked because the predictable replies have already been recorded on thousands of still- circulating pages - at that hopeless point, there is no process by which these two can be peaceably and lawfully separated.
The Invitation Is Accepted Polisario leaders seized on the softening of the King's position and accepted his invitation.
Such research must be multidimensional and interdisciplinary with real commitment on the national level.
bogged down trying to introduce a set of networking schemes, for example, Digital invaded many I.B.M.
''I think that would be quite premature.''
His current program includes a call for ''socialism'' in Angola.
It also managed an institution in San Diego with $2 billion in assets, Central Savings, for the F.S.L.I.C.
Later, soldiers placed Nablus under a curfew, confining all residents to their homes.
Ultimate Cost of Recent Rescue The First Republicbank rescue, in which its assets will be acquired by the NCNB Corporation of North Carolina will ultimately cost the F.D.I.C.
Currently, the law demands only that life preservers be aboard the vessel.
THE TIDEWATER TALES, by John Barth.
Last year, 88,000 blacks took the S.A.T., against 70,000 in 1985, according to the College Board, which administers the test.
28 In the Canadian general election, John Wilcox, the man touting himself as Johnny Canuck has set himself up as a sidewalk historian, traveling on money raised from a variety of anti-free-trade paraphernalia.
''The Soviet troops are coming back,'' the 44-year-old officer told a packed room of reporters.
It was Miss Maura's first big theatrical role, playing Jessica, the immature wife of an Eastern European Communist intellectual.
At 25 I felt old, and I was very much in a hurry.
JOEL RAPP Inez Harris is shopping in a neighborhood store on the Upper West Side.
In fact, just last week, in what has been the most serious skirmish of the cheese war, the state police were called to the farm to settle a trespassing dispute between pro-cheese and anti-cheese factions.
In the name of civil rights, certain things shouldn't be countenanced.''
Her father is the director of Latin America external relations for International Business Machines World Trade in North Tarrytown, N.Y. Mr. Pfeffer, a graduate of the Lawrenceville School, the University of the Pacific and the Hamlin University School of Law in St. Paul, is a partner in the New Canaan law firm of Madigan & Pfeffer.
The Oklahoma court, ruling in a suit brought by the Mid-America Pipeline Company, declared that user fees were in effect a tax, and that Congress had unconstitutionally delegated the power of taxation to an executive branch agency.
A Docile Body in Past Deputies of the PRI, as the ruling party is known, later applied the same tactic to silence a Cardenas deputy whose oratory they disliked.
''I always bought those long black schoolgirl stockings here.''
(Ages 5 to 9) At midnight the cuckoo in the Zeitler family's cuckoo clock flew off to play with a ghost.
Continental put the fare restructuring into its computer system late last week.
That's a lot of dissolution.
Don Mattingly is out for at least a week, perhaps longer, but tonight the Yankees survived nicely without him.
Assets of the 129 institutional funds increased $107.70 million, to $70.71 billion.
According to Mr. Minc, the beginning of a blurry convergence of views between the right and the Socialists, who appear to have abandoned any ideas of renationalizing industries, has meant a displacement of the right-left split in French politics away from economic questions and toward ''values'' - issues like immigration and justice.
McReynolds's collision had seen to that.
And yet if the problem is so urgent, where was Mr. Shultz from 1984 to 1987?
Starting in September, the admission price of $6.56 will be reduced in stages to $2.46 in winter; 82 cents for children under 12.
Two battalions were dispatched to the area.
A8 An uneasy truce on New Caledonia, a French territory east of Australia, exists between the indigenous Melanesians and the descendents of French settlers, a result of the Socialist election victories in France.
''Her hair looked dead,'' says her colorist, Bruce Wayne of the Umberto Salon in Beverly Hills.
The raccoon boy is played, engagingly, by the author.
He should be catching fewer games now, maybe 120 instead of 135.
The show includes the work of George Booth, Charles Saxon, Whitney Darrow Jr., Gahan Wilson, Gardner Rea, Peter Arno, Charles Addams, Helen Hokinson, James Thurber, Gluyas Williams, George Price and others.
It's time that someone stood up to these groups.
And we've just now received the American Symphony Orchestra League's John S. Edwards Award for American music.''
* North American Investment Corp., the brokerage subsidiary of North American Holding Corp., appointed Anthony J. Marchiano senior vice president.
The returning veterans, perhaps even more than the returning coffins, have brought the war home.
Education for these boys meant learning to deal with the environment.
She married, had a son, who now lives in Denmark.
Michael S. Dukakis, seeking to squeeze some good news out of the state's shaky budget situation, said today that Massachusetts had ended its 1988 budget year in better shape than expected.
''It was nice they got a big shot,'' said Frank O'Mara, a middle-distance runner from Ireland.
No one had ever done that, and it was a very profitable and very popular idea.''
She is fascinating to watch.
Personal correspondence on the back may help sell a card, too.
Davalos said he thought the N.C.A.A.
Birthday Party Open to Public The Marcoses' last public appearance before they were indicted was on Ferdinand's 71st birthday in September.
Appealing to fair play, Koppel refused to grant him a privilege that Vice President Bush, appearing just after the California primary, had never made a condition.
Looking a bit flustered, Mr. Marchiano lowered his arm.
In his broad arms control address, Senator Nunn raised serious questions about proposals for an extensive space-based defense to protect the American population.
Additionally, the availability of more programming networks increases cable's attractiveness.
It greatly prolongs the life of the hard disk while reducing the power requirements.
But the Government could still bar spies, terrorists or others who pose a security threat.
Officials at the central bank explained that they had come under tremendous pressure from the rival Cabinet in West Beirut not to pay any bills from the Christian Government, according to the source.
His father, a writer, is the vice chairman of the board of editors of the Encyclopaedia Britannica in Chicago and president of the Pacific Basin Institute, a nonprofit organization concerned with social, economic and political affairs of nations bordering the Pacific Ocean.
So does the need by some, apparently, to rationalize outstanding performance.
Indeed, Rorer's share price has been buoyed by takeover speculation in recent weeks as the bidding war for Robins and Hoffman-LaRoche's hostile takeover bid for the Sterling Drug Corporation focused investor attention on company valuations in the drug sector.
In a weak stock market Wal-Mart shares dropped 50 cents, to $31.625, on the New York Stock Exchange yesterday.
A longtime friend of the Doles, David Owen, stepped aside on Thursday as Mr. Dole's national finance chairman after questions arose about his handling of the blind trust for Mrs. Dole.
The 3-point play was designed for Larry Bird, but tonight was not his night.
The sweep of the new policies, mandated by a new agricultural credit law, startled many of Washington's farm experts.
When she cleaned that up, he did it again.
Hours: 11:30 A.M. to 11 P.M. every day.
At the Baccalaureate address Sunday, the president of Yale, Benno C. Schmidt Jr., told seniors that mendacity, corruption and selfishness have marred American public life, but there are still strong signs that public virtue is not dead.
Other dollar rates in New York included: 1.8120 West German marks, up from Tuesday's 1.8112; 1.5312 Swiss francs, up from 1.5292; 1.1994 Canadian dollars, down from 1.2007; 6.1905 French francs, up from 6.1675, and 1,348.00 Italian lire, up from 1,346.50.
Below are some of their comments.
What the '86 law is doing, at least in our experience, is raising the level of attention to the planning process so that people are thinking more - not just tax planning, but financial planning all year 'round.
Many Highlights These were the highlights: * Johnson, who hit 36 home runs last year, snapped out of his lethargy with the first five-hit game of his career.
Johns Hopkins's only loss was to Syracuse, in the opening game on March 5, and the Blue Jays are ranked second again this week behind the Orange in the coaches' poll.
It is said that from 1835 to 1898 at least 1 of the 7,000 lithographs they published found its way into just about every American home.
No fewer than four Government offices have overlapping jurisdiction over methylene chloride and none of them did anything substantive about its presence in the Clean Water Machine.
Mr. Levin predicted that President Reagan would sign the bill into law.
They were questioned about their race last February, when their names appeared on a list of black firefighters applying for promotion, said Capt.
A Yerevan resident said Armenians there were afraid that the emotions in Azerbaijan might result in anti-Armenian attacks like those on Feb. 28 and 29 in Sumgait, a port on the Caspian Sea.
On another front in the pollution war, scientists are proposing to counter the effects of carbon dioxide and other trace gases that are rapidly accumulating in the atmosphere.
Cedric Kushner has lately had his share of strange endings to bouts in which fighters he promotes have been involved.
In their daily rampaging, they have burned government vehicles, looted government shops and supermarkets, and overturned and set fire to luxury cars.
''The movements might trigger something very old, an anger or a deep sadness,'' the therapist explained.
with good demand from investors.
For more information one may write to the National Park Service, Box 37127, Washington, D.C. 20013-7127.
'The Law Was Broken' A motion to dismiss charges against a second defendant, Petty Officer 2d Class Michael W. Combe, 28, of Tempe, Ariz., was pending.
A Digital spokesman said, ''We carefully reviewed the amendment and concluded that the specifications continued to be of a nature that the costs to develop are unacceptable.''
He was small, 121 pounds, a slap hitter and a rabbit on the bases.
Helping commuters was what the Hons had in mind when they developed the bike during the gasoline shortage of 1973.
Their host, a Washington attorney, had a turkey in the oven and the house was strewn with Redskin hoopla-making hats and pennants.
Dr. Hines said he expected that he would be accused of being closed-minded ''and, in New Age phraseology, not open to new realities.''
The new tax law requires that any distributions declared by a mutual fund by Dec. 31, 1987, have to be included on 1987 returns if they were distributed by Feb. 1, 1988.
''Secret Warriors'' is a reporter's book, full of stories and colorful characters but short on analysis.
Contrasting views were expressed at the Madison Hotel here, where experts have discussed policies that the next President might adopt.
Another regular reader of The Times, Marguerite T. Kelbaugh, has moved to Naples, Fla.
The eight-story building is planned for a parking lot site in the Miller Park District.
In practical terms, it provides student fellowships at the university and funds for visiting scholars.
''There are players who bring their own mousetraps into the locker rooms,'' Mr. Lasa said.
George E. Reedy, who served as a press secretary to President Johnson in 1964 and 1965, today drew a parallel to the Iran-contra affair, with Presidential aides taking actions without Mr. Reagan's knowledge.
Bill because the Veterans Administration classified them as ''primary alcoholics.''
If completed - which is far from certain - the acquisition would be the most stunning in a recent wave of huge buyouts and takeovers, a trend that is profoundly reshaping corporate America as well as the stock market system.
People change, and I've been changing.
When adjusted for seasonal and working-day variations, the amount by which imports exceeded exports in March, the most recently reported month, was $11.9 billion instead of the unadjusted $9.7 billion deficit reported in mid-May.
The hourlong work, set in three acts with a prologue, relates the tale of Venus and the demise of her lover, Adonis, in predominantly cheerful music that closes on a dark note.
''The fact that the U.S. could come here with a coherent position and a high level of representation was positive,'' said Rafe Pomerance, senior associate of the Washington-based World Resources Institute, which has previously criticized the Reagan Administration for inaction on this issue.
Mr. Myers likes slow, insinuating tempos, and he turned the songs into long, meditative pieces, singing a chorus or two, then embellishing the melody with several choruses of flat, percussive guitar solos.
LEAD: *3*** COMPANY REPORTS ** *3*THRIFTY RENT-A-CAR SYSTEM (OTC) Qtr to Dec 31 1987 1986 Revenue 19,900,000 14,500,000 Net inc 2,700,000 900,000 Share earns .43 .17 6mo rev 36,900,000 28,800,000 Net inc 4,600,000 2,300,000 Share earns .77 .45 View Full Article in Timesmachine 
''If the sign in that photograph said 'No blacks or Jews,' no one would be laughing,'' said Ms. Seibert.
To the Editor: On my first trip to the Netherlands many years ago, an American friend told me not to miss the ribs at the Bar-Bq Bontje Restaurant, 7 Javastraat, The Hague (telephone 460118).
East shifted to a spade, and South was in control.
Wilkerson tells it like it is,'' said Linda Plaia, a 33-year-old housewife from Edison, N.J., who started going to the church last spring.
New York was fertile territory: power had been diffused by community boards, some school districts were still dominated by the Democratic machine, the reform movement felt more comfortable with broad principles than with people.
Consider that the same key skill players who helped push the Jets to a fine early record in recent seasons remain in place: Ken O'Brien, Al Toon, Walker, Mickey Shuler, McNeil, Johnny Hector.
'Static and Bland' ''Before the renovation, we were static and bland,'' said Whitney Tower, the president of the museum.
Madonna couldn't stand on the same stage with Merman.
Any attempt to undermine it under any pretext would only help the enemy carry out his policy of expansion at the expense of Palestine and Jordan alike.
And now is a good time to buy brokerages, Mr. Cassell maintains.
Her themes echoed those of the first man to emerge as a possible rallying figure for the opposition, U Aung Gyi, who addressed a demonstration Thursday after his release from more than three weeks in prison.
Just as the candles during this service are progressively extinguished in a church, leaving it in darkness, so Ms. Marin has 13 huge candles at the rear of the stage extinguished one by one.
And the Bank of New York doubled its credit card accounts last year, to two million customers, despite offering only variable-rate cards.
Remove the order, which costs the same as the other clothes cleaned in the shop.
For all of Mr. Reagan's objections to the Democratic plan, it is not very different from the Republican alternative he has been forced to endorse.
Not only could the court decision ''lock a lot of people onto life-sustaining treatment,'' Ms. Wolf added, ''but it will encourage a great deal of litigation that is unfortunate.
McCloy was standing by in seas that were described as normal.
vice president, acknowledged Cuba's dilemma.
They want to make sure that this is a good choice and that they are doing whatever they can to get off to a good start.''
The flavor builds from a handful of dried wild mushrooms and a bulb of fennel, one of the rare surprises at the produce market this time of year.
Other scholars have come forward to argue that the large statue is more likely to have its origins in one of the larger ancient Greek colonies of southern Italy, such as Tarranto.
Stephen Glassman's ''Bear,'' used in performance, is a huge, gerrymandered armature with the face, haunches and paws (on rollers) of a panda.
The food-with-wine people are a bit like that.
'Like Head Sculptures' Mr. Javits's initial designs 10 years ago, he said, were ''all hand-constructed, sort of like head sculptures,'' which he promptly sold to Bonwit Teller.
It was known by its more pronounceable common names, pond-lily begonia or beefsteak begonia, and it was valued primarily because it could endure any environmental insult.
one of the boys said, ''Remember those hoagies your mother used to make?''
Polaroid Is in Play ''Shamrock has put Polaroid in play, and over the next several weeks anyone who's seriously interested will surface,'' said Eugene Glazer, an analyst at Dean Witter Reynolds.
Finding time to squeeze a game of golf into a busy schedule can be difficult.
The headline in El Norte, the local newspaper, this morning read: ''Es El Peor Desastre!''
We do this instinctively when we speak to babies; we slow down, speak louder, repeat ourselves.''
Since most hospitals cannot provide this specialized type of care, the mother or baby will require transportation to a regional center with the expertise to deal with these problems.
Sleeping and Watching TV ''They watched television more, and they slept more,'' he said.
Most of that could be easily covered from a U.S. aid budget that already includes $7 million for a West Bank development fund that Jordan has now dissolved.
The Purple Eagles did more than avoid a blowout as Mike Rios's 3-point jumper with 1 minute 17 seconds left put Niagara ahead for good in a 68-63 upset over St. John's Friday night.
To the Schubert Sonata in A minor (Op.
The money she receives, Mrs. Battino said, ''leaves a few dollars over to help pay the mortgage.''
The plane left Cyprus on April 12 for Algeria, and Cypriot officials said then they had been assured that the remainder of the captives would be freed.
The two eyes can be moved independently, each in a half circle.
A 1986 study said it was the fourth most widely used pesticide in the nation, with more than 39 million pounds of active ingredient sold the previous year.
Alex is very tired, very tired.
Negotiations With Vatican Negotiations on the appointments issue between the Government and a Vatican delegation in Prague in January were inconclusive.
She was 88 years old.
---- Gannett The Gannett Company said its earnings per share rose 39 percent, to 46 cents from 33 cents, in the first quarter.
General Powell, who worked closely with Mr. Shultz, the American arms control negotiating team and members of Congress in connection with two summit meetings between President Reagan and Mikhail S. Gorbachev, received the award for his ''consummate skill'' in shaping the American policy that led to an accord with the Soviet Union to eliminating medium- and shorter-range nuclear weapons.
Messages left for officials in Havana were not answered and those who answered the telephone at the Cuban interest section in Washington and the delegation office in New York either refused to comment or deferred questions to diplomats who did not respond to messages left for them.
No Trial for Hurricane Carter New Jersey prosecutors said they would not try Rubin (Hurricane) Carter a third time for murder.
The bag should have adjustable, padded partitions inside for a custom fit and both shoulder and hand straps for lugging it around.
Lots of things, but here are a half-dozen that spring quickly to mind, most of which have applied in some degree to other recent campaigns, too: 1.
''The police used to come out six or seven times a day,'' said Betty Adams, the president of the Mayfair Mansions tenants' association.
They have also greatly increased the home cultivation of vegetables for market.
The aroma of freshly baked cakes mingles with the smell of exotic perfumes.
The phrase would be invisible under normal light and could not be imitated on the bill's surface.
The Sokol is Susan Sokol, Mr. Blosser's wife, who is a Democratic candidate for the Oregon State Senate.
The company's huge cash flow easily services that debt and enables News Corp. to take on more.
's 1989 models, future earnings may be dragged down as warranty costs exceed expectations.
''The whole thing is indoctrination mostly in attitudes and beliefs and feelings.
According to one recent study, the metropolitan area surrounding San Jose generated 24,000 new jobs in 1986 and 1987.
Michael Dukakis, in contrast, would probably nominate judges who agree with the octogenarian Justices Brennan, Marshall and Blackmun.
Only I hadn't admitted it yet.''
In this case, we're presenting the concert as a benefit for the Boys Choir, which we admire for both its musical and its educational activities, and the Harlem School of the Arts, which we feel is of great importance in the city's musical life.''
But it has been gaining popularity for several reasons.
There is little in China to compare to Soviet soul-searching over Stalin's excesses, to the thousands of independent groups springing up or to the effort to stir the masses into activism.
He sent $300 to benefit children.
He maintains that the United States has a mature and increasingly stable relationship with the Soviet Union and that ''the ticking time bomb that threatens our security'' is the third world.
Women around the country who work on video display terminals are increasingly expressing concern that their jobs may pose a threat to their ability to bear healthy babies.
Larry Bird and the Boston Celtics agreed yesterday on a two-year contract extension worth a reported $4.2 million per year.
On Monday and today, a grand jury heard testimony behind closed doors from witnesses and saw other evidence.
But an official familiar with the inquiry said the investigation found that substantial portions of the water and food were lost when bags containing the provisions broke during the transfer.
According to state figures, 1,472 of the 4,064 teachers certified this year were returning from an absence.
He was stripped of his citizenship in 1981 after admitting to immigration officials that he had lied about his activities in the war.
Barbara Walters, Helen Gurley Brown and others hiked their bouffant skirts as they climbed out of limousines and ran to the synagogue steps, where a canopy shielded them from the rain.
Briliant musical embodiment of mounting nervous anxiety; a steady hand for a long compositional span; a slow boil.
We have no control over our destiny.
These marketing techniques have led Japan Tobacco Inc. to introduce new brands such as Dean (for James Dean) and Misty as a means of competing for the female and youth markets.
''The kids'' he referred to are players like Jody Reed, Todd Benzinger and Ellis Burks, none of whom has played a complete season in the majors, and Greenwell, who has only one full year in the majors.
The Sarah Caldwell Production will mark the American premiere of the comic opera ''Dead Souls'' based on the novel by Nicholas Gogol.
A week after the attack, in a San Fransisco speech, Webb for the first time alluded publicly to the parallels with Vietnam that he saw in the Gulf.
Five of Mr. Burns's six deputies are leaving.
Mr. Pond, the senior vice president for marketing and merchandising at Payless Cashways, a chain of home centers in Kansas City, Mo., said that ''people purchasing do-it-yourself products are more fashion conscious now.''
Several Actions Criticized A Government official who spoke on the condition that he not be identified said the report was highly critical of a number of the bureau's actions in the Cispes inquiry.
Belozerchev's scores tonight were 10.00's on the pommel horse, rings and vault, a 9.950 on the parallel bars and 9.90's on the floor exercise and high bar.
A decade or so ago, one episode of an hourlong drama cost about $800,000 to produce; the producer's first customer, ABC, NBC or CBS, paid about $700,000 for the right to two broadcasts of each episode.
I don't believe that there is another team in the N.B.A.
Brett Raphael was the Hilarion of this production, whose ambitious sets, borrowed from the Boston Ballet, gave the small stage an overstuffed and slightly incongruous look.
The players found that in the damp heat the cards stuck together and stuck to the table.
The agency said 1,328,570 legal abortions were reported in 1985, the latest year for which statistics are available.
Even his slow, deliberate speaking style conveys ''a Jimmy Stewart quality,'' he added.
Miss Goodreau, who is 53 years old, started working at the farm as a volunteer in 1975.
It was the colt's sixth victory in seven starts this year and brought his career earnings to more than $2 million.
A1 Doctors may bring antitrust suits against members of hospital peer-review committees that penalize them, the Supreme Court ruled, reinstating a $2.2 million award won by asurgeon in Oregon.
Well, it's a juvenile age, so why not?
All told, the paper load swells by about a million documents a year.
To lower the highs, there were tranquilizers and alcohol.
However, once the Dow reached the 250-point mark and all markets were closed, trading in the stock index future and all other markets would be halted as well.
It is likely, of course, that the shrunken party still harbors secret advocates of reform, perhaps including Lubomir Strougal, the Prime Minister, who has made a speciality of publicly hinting that he disagrees with official policy.
The problems were not the orchestra's and Mr. Mehta's alone, for the variably reliable sound system was having a particularly rough night, and it's possible the musicians were playing with far greater polish than the speakers conveyed.
Sales of new cars and light trucks rose 3.5 percent in mid-November from the comparable period last year.
For more information, get a copy of the brochure ''Importing a Pet Bird'' from Pet Bird Pamphlet, U.S.D.A.-APHIS, Room G-185, Federal Building, Hyattsville, Md.
Should I do anything about it?
''Schumann once said something like, 'My music tries to express everything I have experienced, from politics to literature to painting,' '' Dohnanyi remarked the night before the first rehearsal, sitting in the study of the Cleveland home he shares with his wife, the soprano Anja Silja, and their three children.
The three-year study surveyed 596 alcohol treatment centers in 39 cities across the United States and Canada to determine the needs and facilities for alcoholic women.
4 3 9 ALL YOU CAN DO IS ALL YOU CAN DO, BUT ALL YOU CAN DO IS ENOUGH!
Gen. Henri Namphy in a power struggle that broke into the open two weeks ago, the President appeared to have been cautiously avoiding offending the military.
The archdiocese would have liked to expand these cemeteries, but there was no space.
To turn on the lights, Mrs.
What happens if the Governor arrives at Leon's, gets his platter of ribs and fails to take off his Filene's suit jacket and roll up the sleeves of his shirt?
The ABC-Washington Post poll found again that Mr. Bush was holding his lead despite doubts in the electorate about his running mate, Senator Dan Quayle of Indiana.
One of General Namphy's grievances against Mr. Manigat was his failure to get Washington to resume aid cut off after the electoral violence.
The streak is Philadelphia's longest since the Flyers lost five from Dec. 26, 1970, to Jan. 3, 1971.
But Lash must have sensed that a series of biographies could not be woven into a coherent account, and he pays considerable attention to the New Dealers' continuing argument about grand strategy.
That was when the Senate gave its final approval to the largest expansion of the Medicare program since its enactment in 1965.
One of an edition of 45, it costs $4,500.
He is survived by two sons, Geoffrey A., of Hope, R.I., and Keith H., of Wolfeboro, N.H., and three grandchildren.
Charles E. Redman, the department spokesman, said, ''This is a positive statement, especially in view of the fact that it was made in the context of Yasir Arafat''s visit to Moscow.''
To hear some people talk, Senator Lautenberg is going through an identity crisis; New Jersey voters may be having a hard time identifying the 63-year-old Paterson native with specific issues.
To help reduce the language problem, an interpreter can be hired for an evening for about $20 at the Intourist bureau.
Penn, unbeaten after four games, is the Ivy leader with a 3-0 league record after its 10-0 triumph over Brown.
A hotel is also planned at nearby Yalta.
Justin J. Finger, the associate national director of the Anti-Defamation League, said: ''I have never heard of any desecration in the United States in recent years where that number of Torahs was destroyed.
But the more he contemplated it, the more he was drawn to it.
Roast squab has extra appeal with its supporting cast of cornmeal-dusted sweetbreads, fresh peas, pearl onions and honey-vinegar sauce.
I've even heard Japanese say they could not live anywhere else because they would miss the four seasons.
I see big trouble ahead.''
State Department officials also say the credibility of Kurdish leaders has been tarnished by their practice of seizing foreigners in Kurdish-controlled areas and obtaining ransoms for their release.
The pan has never been touched by fire, but one doesn't lightly discard something in which 48 pullet eggs can be fried at one time.
Could go for Rony Seikaly of Syracuse or Will Perdue of Vanderbilt.
The nation's largest retailer, the Chicago-based Sears, Roebuck & Company, said its sales rose 2.5 percent from February 1987.
This should be checked specifically with the airline in advance because if you get to the airport with the animal and the certificate is unacceptable, or the animal appears sick, you could miss you own flight in the confusion.
The many new black groups still lack national leadership.
Mr. Dorfman and his wife, Angelica, settled first in Paris, then in the Netherlands before making their way to the United States.
They were here this time because of the disaster the last time, when the Challenger exploded in 1986, killing seven crew members and taking America out of the space race.
The bridegroom, a dentist, graduated from Colgate University and the Boston University Graduate School of Dentistry.
It showed the difference between Taiwan and South Korea, where memories of the Japanese period are much worse.
Diversion Sought The Administration had been looking to divert tax payments to Panama by American companies to a fund under the control of Mr. Delvalle, the elected president of Panama.
A complete map of the genome could lead to a better understanding of the genetic components of many diseases, improvement in diagnosis of some diseases and could probably lead to new treatments.
Reserved seats are sold out.
The Vice President and his wife, Barbara, sought to get in the last word.
Its founder, a patient named Stanley Stein, started the crusade to change the name of their ailment to Hansen's disease in order to be rid of the accompanying disgrace.
After that, he said, the state's views will be solicited.
Union leaders yesterday repeatedly called for Mr. Kalikow to enter the negotiations and perhaps accept fewer concessions, but he did not do so.
New York Stock Exchange-listed common stocks that showed the largest percentage gains in the second quarter.
It is the basis of our stability and the springboard of our development and prosperity.
With sales growth stunted by such factors as the miniskirt fiasco and an absence of appropriate and affordable clothing for working women, stores have been desperately searching for new techniques to bring customers through the door, and to satisfy their shopping needs once they are inside.
It opened its mouth and I walked in .
Mr. Koch said yesterday that he believed that Dr. Green was having second thoughts about how he reacted.
Most critically, she captured the almost improvisational quality that is the mark of great Chopin playing.
A DECADE or so ago, one of the best small restaurant cellars in New York was kept by Louis Daniel at Le Chambertin, on West 46th Street.
In 1973, Mr. Wright got him a post on the National Commission on Water Quality.
Last week, he went on his own by bus to a Philadelphia chess tournament.
The old argument is that the West must expend its precious R.&D.
The event is organized by the Max Pavey Chess Club of Mount Kisco.
He is, in fact, a smartly dressed, well-paid manager of a two-star restaurant.
Our adverfsaries are despair and resignation.
ALL'S FAIRS Folks who like their fairs with themes have three to chose from Saturday.
Michael S. Dukakis add that Presidential candidates normally do not begin the process of planning legislation until one has won and can turn his attention from campaigning to preparing to govern.
The School of the Americas, established in 1946, trains junior officers in basic leadership and middle-grade officers in staff work.
Writing here in 1987, Sara Vogan praised this book for moments that are ''very funny, even poignant.''
''If we cannot get the medical profession to do it, then I believe the state or the local level should do it, but the Federal Government does not typically regulate medicine.''
''At the same time young people seem to have more options and choices than ever, they are in a bind if they don't have adequate support,'' said Sister Mary Waters, director of the runaway and homeless youth program at the Mercy Center Ministries in Suffolk County, one of two group homes for young women in the county.
The waiter is professional but not obsequious and does not break into the conversation to announce the specials.
''I don't know of any campaign that has been as well organized,'' said John A. Marino, the head of the Democratic State Committee and a veteran of Governor Cuomo's campaigns.
That way, the word can body forth and carry blood to the speaker's lips and sky to the listener's brow.
The Canadians are resuming explorations at the site this month.
's net income rose 16.2 percent in the third quarter on a 3.2 percent increase in revenue.
Phil Simms, the Giants' quarterback then and now, said that was a mistake.
Mr. Harris, then a 16-year-old runaway, says the twosome were at the drive-in until midnight or so.
James Coonan, 42, the Westies leader, and six other gang members were convicted Feb. 24 of running a 20-year racketeering enterprise responsible for at least eight murders and two attempted murders.
In a letter that Tyson's chairman, Don Tyson, had delivered on Tuesday to Holly's president and chief executive, R. Lee Taylor 2d, Mr. Tyson said he was prepared to offer $45 and a quarter of a share of Tyson's class A common stock for each share of Holly.
Moreover, Dr. Brown has upset some supporters by suggesting such work might not be necessary.
Both challengers have criticized Mr. Zaleski for not taking a more active role in the dispute.
But the most dramatic piece is a tall asymetrical mirror framed in elaborately carved waves and scrolls.
''Englewood has wrapped itself in a protective cloak of affirmative assertions of racial motivations,'' Mr. Degnan said.
The chorus was in particularly fine form, not only vocally but in the way its singers moved on stage.
'Does a Positive Test Mean The Athlete Cannot Compete?'
b-Includes a non-recurring pre-tax gain of $2,903,529 from disposal of a warehouse business.
The pride of the museum is the brassware collection, displayed in the Borneo Room.
True, the platform gives Mikhail Gorbachev precious little credit for the improvement in relations, concentrating instead on the Reagan-Bush policy of ''peace through strength.''
Day-by-Day Look at Meals Monday 1/4 cup orange juice and 1/4 cup seltzer 1 large blueberry muffin 1 cup decaffeinated coffee with milk 1 cup herb tea with 1 teaspoon sugar Sardine sandwich on rye with lettuce, tomato, mayonnaise 4 tablespoons coleslaw Bite of potato salad Several pieces of lettuce 4 small jelly-filled mints 2 small butter cookies 6 ounces French bread 3 cups vegetable soup 2 glasses (about 1 1/2 cups) red wine Tuesday 1 plain unbuttered bagel 1 cup decaffeinated coffee with milk 1 bowl of chili and rice Two small chocolate-covered mints Small bag pretzels Small piece of a chocolate bar Head of broccoli, stir-fried with onion in soy sauce, oil, rosemary 1 banana 1 cup vegetable soup Wednesday 1 large five-grain muffin 2 cups decaffeinated coffee with milk 1 serving pasta in cream sauce with salmon Chicory salad with confit 2 glasses red wine Large salad of goat cheese, sun-dried tomatoes, roasted red pepper 2 spicy sausages 6 tablespoons of spicy chickpeas Medium-size green salad with oil and vinegar Thursday 2 cups decaffeinated coffee with milk 1 medium blueberry muffin 1 chocolate truffle 1 small piece of chocolate candy filled with chardonnay wine Bacon, lettuce and tomato sandwich on whole wheat toast 3 tablespoons coleslaw 3 bowls of vegetable soup with Parmesan cheese 1 cup tea with 1 teaspoon of sugar 1 banana 1 persimmon Friday 1 cinnamon danish 1 cup decaffeinated coffee with milk Curried chicken sandwich on rye with lettuce and tomato 1/2 mint-filled chocolate bar 1 orange 1 persimmon 1 apple 1 banana 1 ounce Parmesan cheese 1 ounce vodka with two olives 1 slice plain cheese pizza Saturday 1 plain bagel with 2 tablespoons cream cheese 2 cups decaffeinated coffee with milk 1 small chocolate-covered mint 1 can of tuna mixed with mayonnaise and pickle relish 1 banana 1 ounce of chocolate 1 1/2 cups pasta mixed with 1 head of steamed broccoli and tossed with garlic, 1 tablespoon of Parmesan 2 glasses red wine Sunday 2 scrambled eggs, home fries and two slices whole wheat toast with butter 1 cup decaffeinated coffee with milk 3 potato pancakes with applesauce 3 tablespoons of a pasta and vegetable salad 4 1/2 beers 1/2 brownie 3 cookies 5 ounces ham Green salad with Roquefort dressing 3 plain crackers 4 tablespoons hummus with 1/2 piece of pita bread 1 ounce Brie
The dancer Sean Lavery, the mezzo-soprano Frederica von Stade, the pianist Vladimir Feltsman and the conductor Gerard Scwarz will be guest stars at the four programs in the 'Lincoln Center Off-Stage' series that is to start March 28.
Similarly, quarantine and its moral equivalent, stigmatization, function to maintain a boundary we find essential to our psychological well-being.
In July 1926 O'Casey signed a three-year lease for a flat in Clareville Street, South Kensington.
He is survived by his wife, the former Mary Wulman, and a son, Dr. Michael Jacobson of New York.
Uday Saddam Hussein, the president of the national Olympic committee, is the son of the president of the country, Saddam Hussein.
''I'll try to get a taxi,'' I answered, but just then we saw the last taxi pull out.
A recent report by NBC News said that a political consultant paid by Armtec worked on Mr. Chappell's last campaign.
B1 Meade H. Esposito is under inquiry by another grand jury.
Clearly, he will aim to operate that business at a profit.
''We have requests for similar time-and-labor-saving technology from 22 other African countries,'' the Unifem director, Margaret Snyder said in an interview recently.
The program calls for replanting native grasses in upland areas to provide nesting cover for ducks.
''We'd rather have people reading about the Lehigh-Princeton game than the Lehigh-Podunk game,'' the president of Lehigh, Peter Likens, said.
While the Russians were taking the careful measure of each idea, the trivial nastiness of the Presidential campaign was masking the issues for Americans.
''Folks who a year ago were talking about how to isolate Jesse are now talking about how to showcase him,'' said Ann F. Lewis, the party's former political director and now an adviser to Mr. Jackson.
Two white New York City police officers were indicted yesterday on charges that while off-duty in October 1986 they assaulted two black men in a racially motivated street fight in midtown Manhattan.
About 40 people remained out of their homes yesterday while fire crews shored up lines along the north, east and west sides of the fire.
The A's have won six straight and lead the Minnesota Twins by eight and a half games in the American League West.
''It took a greenmailer to drag them into the 20th century.''
He assumes the helm at a time when Grumman - Long Island's largest employer - is facing an uncertain future.
's division of corporate finance.
Hugh L. Carey - although not to the extent of failing to consult them or ignoring their wishes.
Mr. Federamck wound up paying $23 for his one mini-lop.
Nevertheless, we apply the limitations of the Constitution with no fear that freedom, to be intellectually and spiritually diverse or even contrary, will disintegrate the social organization.
All in all, one of those ideas so obvious that it would have been labeled elementary by Holmes - or would it be Watson?
This was not so with Feroze Gandhi, Indira Gandhi's husband.
There is also an important collection of documents on Rome's Jews under Fascism that includes records of the more than 2,000 Jews deported from Italy.
Admission: $3; $1.50 for children under 12 and the elderly, and $1 for museum members.
ruling in court, but the company's president and chief executive, Landon Rowland, said no decision has been made on what the next step, if any, would be.
There have been several other military contractors who have been accused of overbilling the Goverment on labor contracts.
About 550,000 Georgians voted Democratic.
Unlike the general-circulation dailies in the city, the paper also frequently carries as paid advertisements proclamations from elected officials - along with their photographs - wishing the Chinese community good will on certain holidays or anniversaries.
James C. Smith, former staff member of the Senate Armed Services Committee.
The simplest method is to claim the fixed mileage allowance set by the I.R.S., which is 22.5 cents a mile for the first 15,000 miles and 11 cents a mile thereafter.
These apartments are also sold on a limited basis.
According to the National Assessent, 29 percent of 11th graders had used computers to help learn mathematics, mostly for drill and practice.
President Miguel de la Madrid Hurtado said today that the controls seemed to be stemming inflation, which last year reached a record annual rate of 159.2 percent.
The planning principles of the Estate were rejected by later architects because they did not produce maximum benefit for the tenants.
The surprise to me is not that I have come to put this Godforsaken hunk of red rag high up on my priority list.
''This decision is more far-reaching than just a basketball coach or intercollegiate athletics.''
If not, New Yorkers and others will find out what it's like when natural gas distribution companies are forced to ration their supplies.
And the photo that runs shows the different models looking as if they had been caught off guard.
You might begin with West Indian potato and shrimp fritters with chipotle mayonnaise; deep-fried calamari with an Oriental dipping sauce, or eggplant fritters with ginger and tomato chutney.
Nestle, one of the world's largest producers of chocolate, coffee and infant formula, has been selling a whey-based product in Europe for more than a year.
How was I supposed to remember where I used this one?
''The only way I'd do it is if they would agree that I could pay the lesser of either rate until everyone was metered.''
Sometimes it seems that Tyson forgets, or doesn't know, or simply doesn't want to know.
The draft budget for 1990 and 1991 is estimated at $1.767 billion in 1988 dollars, or some $22 million less than the revised figure of $1.789 billion for 1988 and 1989.
In his remarks today, Hojatolislam Rafsanjani said Washington could move toward normal relations with Iran if it gave a clear expression of interest.
And it should be obvious that we're not winning this war.''
Privileges Remain Suspended Although officially neutral regarding the plebiscite, the United States was eager for the Chilean people to vote against the general's bid for eight more years in power.
In comparison, 23 percent said France had ''conceded nothing essential to Iran.''
In their first 20 games, the Islanders never dropped more than one game.
His name has also come up in other conversations taped by authorities during organized-crime inquiries.
We have seen a dramatic increase in race-related violence in New York City and across the country.
He changed girlfriends and vowed he'd never again be foolish enough to throw the past in the garbage, especially such a pleasant part of the past.
Not that Mr. Achebe's novelistic skills have deserted him.
Negotiations between representatives of Mike Tyson and Michael Spinks broke down over the weekend, making the prospect of a fight between Tyson, the undisputed heavyweight champion, and Spinks in the near future seem unlikely.
and several called yesterday's developments a possible first step toward a peaceful settlement in the Middle East.
Some say that while entrepreneurship is healthy on the whole, it has drawbacks that are often overlooked.
American country is a broad and varied decorating style that gained momentum about 20 years ago.
When his ''strategy for defending Ford,'' part of which involved attracting a blue-collar constituency to the company's views, is dismissed, he gets huffy.
Cross-training becomes the perfect antidote.
And he suggested that a 450-knot speed might be above the maximum allowable, for safety reasons, at the relatively low altitude where the plane was flying.
Cardinal Glemp's sermon dealt with religious matters and did not touch on the price rises, they added.
Neither Jay Smith, the publisher of the newspapers, nor Mr. Easterly would respond to inquiries about the resignation and the complaints from local business leaders.
Unlike most stand-up comics, Mr. Nelson works with props.
For instance, Leonard had only to let it be known he wanted to fight for two titles in one night and, presto, the W.B.C.
Her father, who is retired, was a cattle rancher in Florida.
This came to mind recently when I was thinking about the challenge of Thanksgiving leftovers, so I dug out my old recipe file and revived, with some modifications, Le Pavillon's hash, but with turkey instead of chicken.
asked Leonard Higgins, president of the pressmen's union.
A1 Radon tests are sure to include fraud because only fragmented programs exist to answer questions raised by homeowners and renters after tens of millions of people have been warned to test their homes.
''But in one or two cases, I was of the minority opinion.
And in that peculiar intimacy, a relationship had formed, a relationship that began last year in the world championships and ended today, in the preliminaries of the Olympic Games, a tournament that Koslowski had already decided would be his last.
MARKETS Stocks meandered again in very quiet trading and the Dow Jones industrial average rose 3.20 points, to 2,085.53.
''We're looking at first or second place in the division,'' said Mario Lemieux, who in four seasons with the Penguins has not gone to the playoffs.
Clearly Foley is a good operations guy.''
If the bank wanted to alter significantly the way the transaction is carried out, this might easily be accomplished by rearranging the objects, instead of rewriting the entire program.
One-year bill rates fell by 4 basis points, to a late offered rate of 7.64 percent.
''However many there are,'' Mr. Gottlieb said, ''they're not enough.''
The partnership's offer of $42 a share 21.5 million shares, or about 41 percent of the company, expires on March 28.
People who refused to be tested could be presumed to be positive for infection, the draft states.
I looked at my shelter.
Dave Hill, a senior midfielder, said: ''We've heard it around town and in school.
I was proud of him.''
Jesse Johnson Funk Album of the Week: Jesse Johnson: ''Every Shade of Love'' (A&M).
Orser proved his global superiority in Cincinnati, only to finish second Saturday night to Brian Boitano of the United States in the men's figure skating.
Most charge $220 to $330 a person for a two-hour event.
The Olympic weight-lifting competition began Sunday with the lightest men, those under 115 pounds, lifting twice their weight over their heads.
Thousands of workers rallied at the Lenin Shipyard here today to protest the Government's decision to close it.
He sought to delay putting the treaty into effect until the President certifies that the Soviet Union is complying with five previous arms control pacts.
He may be best known for his 13 years as a quarterback in the National Football League, but now Dan Pastorini prefers a sport you can play sitting down.
'It Puts Us All to Shame' ''It's a disgrace, all of this,'' he said, ''It puts us all to shame.''
But not before I started a jazz mag (Jazz Record) that was to run some five years.
Joseph Haynes, having discovered he had AIDS, tried to kill himself in his apartment in Lafayette, Ind.
Moslem Nations' Response President Mohammad Zia ul-Haq of Pakistan, in a letter to President Ali Khamenei of Iran, said, ''The circumstances surrounding the incident make it both highly regrettable and reprehensible.''
Despite a severe labor shortage, top union officials have vowed to block moves to employ the Vietnamese.
''This thing was just a frenzy,'' said Sgt.
Only Italy has a higher abortion rate.
Mr. Sununu said today that substantial progress had been made in negotiations with the Office of Management and Budget, a White House agency, in reducing or eliminating such regulations.
He also described the Government of South Africa as ''the enemy of peace and progress and social justice.''
''That was quite a surprise for me because at that point I had never thought very much about having a child, or what it does to a woman or what the nature of that relationship is.
She decided to work with her husband, who owns his truck and leases his services to Atlas Van Lines Inc., after he made several trips during which she did not see him for months at a time.
Analysts say it would have $5 billion in cash, but they cite some obstacles.
Forty artists, architects and designers tried their hands at creating an updated flag for New York City.
A special United Nations mission in Kabul is looking into the charges.
Pressure on the strikers mounted two weeks ago when Electric Boat officials announced it would change union craft jurisdictions, a move that would eliminate 300 jobs.
He does have a favorable draw that would match him against Wilander in the quarterfinals, should form hold.
Contractors bidding for the plant will be required to propose an option for financing the facility with private money.
A case in point is a small retail center nearing completion on Montauk Highway in Bayport, on Suffolk County's South Shore.
One of his early tasks was to help arrange the clinical trials of the drug so that they not only satisfied the Food and Drug Administration's concerns about the safety and efficacy of the drug but created the largest possible market.
''They've played for other managers besides me before,'' Ripken said.
''It's such a simple idea - the process of giving 26 awards,'' said Samuel Goldwyn Jr., the show's producer for the second consecutive year.
Where l9- and 21-inch sets used to be a common denominator in the past, screen sizes of 26, 27 and even 31 inches seem to be emerging as a new standard.
The future bride, a research supervisor at Geer, DuBois Advertising in New York, also graduated from the Dana Hall School.
c-After tax credits of $69,679 and $255,687 for the quarter and 9 months, respectively.
In between discussing my palpitations and assorted minor complaints, I remarked to my doctor that he looked good; he had obviously had his hair cut that day or the day before.
Chief among them is the race for Senate majority leader.
Over all, the agency employs one person for every $700,000 in billings.
The furnishings are a mixture of country-style pieces.
I've got the time and money now.
Government-guaranteed and secured notes, rated triple-A by Moody's Investor Service.
The other is the ''slit-throat'' theory: The Kabul Government is so weak that the Afghan resistance will simply cut the Afghan Communists' throats when the Russians pull out; why worry?
But projections do not appear to satisfy many of those with an interest in Robins.
When a pregnancy continues past the 42d week, the placenta, which supplies the fetus with oxygen and nutrients, ages and becomes less efficient.
gunmen as the same is both inaccurate and most unfair.
These missiles are intended for use against military planes, against fighter planes, helicopters and military transport planes.''
Children under 6 are admitted free.
Whatever happened to the napkin has not been recorded.
It is generally estimated that English-speaking South Africans account for about three-quarters of all resisters, although the proportion of Afrikaans-speaking resisters appears to be growing.
Thereafter, almost all terrorism was aimed at simply springing them from Stammheim.
''We're the last manned crew of a tower light station in the Coast Guard,'' said Boatswain's Mate 1/C Russell Dudemaine, the most recent officer in charge of the six-man crew that - four men on and two off - has operated the station, eight miles east of Sandy Hook, N.J., since the lightship was retired to the South Street Seaport.
Measures Broadly Welcomed The set of measures, which were broadly welcomed by the Government and industry, reflect mounting West German concern over the scale of recent capital outflows, the depreciation of the mark and the risk of rekindling inflation.
The flames spread to an adjacent building occupied by two families who escaped.
Instead, you should quietly and gently explain why saying that would make the woman feel bad.
Now Washington faces the problem Chicago was trying to avoid.
Inadequate Enforcement At Cornell University, the Pan-Hellenic Council, which represents the university's 42 fraternities and 13 sororities, has an anti-hazing policy that prohibits all physically harmful activities.
LUCY BARRY ROBE Cold Spring Harbor, L.I.
Convention Rules Fight In recent weeks, Mr. Bush has picked up some delegates who were freed by Mr. Dole and Mr. Kemp and some from states where caucuses are continuing.
Australia's gradual evolution from a penal colony to a flourishing nation.
I am an avid reader of popular magazines, most of which I can only obtain in Braille by mail through the Library for the Blind and Physically Handicapped.
Interpublic is the first of the publicly held American advertising companies to announce its results.
''Every other one was an occasional user and every 10th was a regular user.''
My performance doesn't mean a thing to me because we lost and I could have done certain things to help us win.''
You tell someone not to do this or that and they want to do it more.''
Police were to forward to the prosecutor today their report on an incident involving the American swimmers Troy Dalbey and Doug Gjertsen.
Information: 889-2850 ''LOST IN THE STARS,'' American Composers Orchestra, at the Guggenheim Museum (Fifth Avenue at 89th Street), tonight and tomorrow at 8.
Chatrier is the president of the International Tennis Federation, whose dream it was to see the sport regain medal status in the Olympics Games after a 64-year absence.
Thomas Mann, on the other hand, whose similiar dossier indicates that he was under surveillance, which included interception of his mail, almost from the time he arrived in the United States in 1938, was only reluctantly concerned with politics at all.
Revenue Regulations Cited Mr. Dunn said he feared the request could polarize congregations.
Then there's Popeye Jackson, ''a small, glowing person'' who, with the aid of a magnifying glass, is Carnelle's seamstress, having the experience of once making little outfits for bullfrogs.
Community programs were supposed to provide adequate shelter and treatment once patients were discharged from big state mental hospitals.
Now he says he is shocked himself at the initial reception for his 11th and latest work, ''Hairspray.''
The settlers lift their collective voices in a robust secular hymn, ''Oh, What a Beautiful Mornin.'
The spokesman said a decision may be made at the commission's meeting in Boston next week.
And he describes how ''the infighting among the Sandinista directorate .
Also rejected are undischarged bankrupts and convicted traitors until released or pardoned.
Her husband, John E. McConnell, and their three adult children have filed a lawsuit to have the feeding tube removed, allowing Mrs. McConnell to die a natural death.
''It would not look good to the Reagan Democrats if Dukakis said, 'I'm the quarterback, but I've given Jesse Jackson half my backfield and the tight end,' '' he said.
The better players could then use the off season to pursue exhibitions and special events that pay guarantees.
In the 19th century, blacks were celebrated and scarred by their identification with music.
''I just can't see,'' he remarked, ''that there was anything better to try than for one of the finesses to be right.''
Loyalty Priorities Blood may be thicker than water, but Presidential politics, it seems, is thicker than blood.
Her husband received a similar registration card today, but with no limitation.
A Federal investigator working on the cases said the St. Louis and Dallas affidavits were not among ''the sexier ones.''
Though the three full-fledged air-show days are Friday through next Sunday, the show will open Thursday with kite flying and a demonstration of radio-controlled flying models.
At Jordan Marsh, between 650 and 675 positions, or about 10 percent of the payroll, have been eliminated.
There is the impression that the man thinks he knows everything on every subject.''
Union Organizes Sit-Ins Under Mr. Mendes's leadership, the rubber tappers of the western Amazon grew into a strong union that at times organized sit-ins in which members and their families prevented bulldozers from destroying forest areas.
From May 6 to June 19 trains run Friday, Saturday and Sunday.
The Writers Guild of America announced the winners of its 40th annual awards for ''outstanding achievements in writing'' for movies, television and radio during 1987.
He is a sales associate with Goldman, Sachs & Company in Dallas.
''There are all kinds of measures of quality,'' a G.M.
Such talk infuriates American tobacco growers.
''He wants to hit winners.''
Steve Farr pitched the ninth for his second save.
The clash between the White House and Congress over broad trade legislation has failed to derail a free-trade agreement with Canada.
An insane asylum as refuge from the madness of Nazi-occupied Poland in World War II - at first glance, the metaphor seems hopelessly trite.
''There was divergence on interpretation of last week's accord,'' the official said.
A second part of that table gives the percentage of block trades that are executed above the previous trade (upticks) and the percentage below (downticks).
They say that they also are concerned about the environment but that a moratorium is a recipe for economic disaster.
If you think you are a writer and would like to try to write that novel you always thought you could if you had the time and the finances.
Vincent Tese, the state Director of Economic Development and Governor Cuomo's negotiator with Lilco, met today with Lilco Chairman William J. Catacosinos.
In the new systems, each sensor has its own battery-powered radio transmitter, which broadcasts the intrusion signal to the central unit.
Only then might the 1966 act be safely repealed and the regulatory program allowed to die.
Mr. Kendrick will face Representative Joe L. Barton, a 38-year-old Republican seeking his third term.
permitted companies to charge up to $2 for the first minute of a call, and they could keep $1.35 (A.T.&T.
Conde Nast purchased Details, another trend-spotting magazine with a tiny circulation, some of it given away.
The through-line of the plot is the composer's quest to win custody of his daughter from his estranged wife.
Mr. Gorbachev took office in 1985.
NEW archeological findings show that humans first occupied Cyprus as long ago as 8200 B.C., about 1,000 years earlier than had been thought.
Credit cards: All major cards.
''These people are the liberals who want to control us,'' Mr. Fountain said.
What the Vice-Presidential candidate was talking about, although he was too diplomatic to name names, were the campaigns of Walter F. Mondale in 1984, Jimmy Carter in 1980 and George McGovern in 1972, when Democratic officials and party leaders in the South were unenthusiastic, to put it mildly, about the national candidates.
The victim, Kimberly Anne Strassner, and three friends were singing the movie's title song and recreating the scenes in which four boys artfully dodge trains, Chief Picciotti said.
Mr. Glitman said that this was done after Moscow agreed to a total missile ban, which he pointed out was easier to monitor than a limit on missiles.
Biondi's time of 53.01 was his fastest and the third-fastest ever.
There are still no clues to what happened to the blond, blue-eyed boy who went off to school one spring morning in 1979 and was never seen again.
Mayor Michael Ries concedes what civil rights leaders maintained at the time, that the 25 Ohio cities with referendum zoning laws enacted them as a defense against the construction of apartment houses in general, and against the immigration of blacks, viewed as likely apartment dwellers, in particular.
The main event at the museum today is an international loan show of masterworks from the Italian Renaissance.
With 310,000 copies daily and 396,000 on Sundays, The Times currently ranks 26th in circulation among daily newspapers.
Mr. Griffin's interests are in opportunities related to entertainment, such as hotels and gaming, according to Michael Nigris, Mr. Griffin's longtime accountant, who became president of the Los Angeles-based Griffin Company in 1986.
PEGGY BOEHM Rye, N.Y., Sept. 1, 1988
Command, which was founded in 1966, operates 16 aircraft at 11 airports.
Men who run out of money often leave crack houses to commit crimes to pay for more of the drug.
Having bought New York for this fight, Mr. Falcigno divided his kingdom into three parts.
The trim, 60-year-old jurist, who wears tortoise-shell glasses, was appointed to the bench by President Jimmy Carter.
In the park, Miguel Cespedes, a 60-year-old Socialist, watched the festivities with his wife.
Looking back, he said the Administration's biggest victories, such as raising public concern about drugs and adding new narcotics agents and drug tests, showed the importance of altering public opinion before changing Government policy.
Her father, a former foreign correspondent for The Washington Post and Newsweek, is the author of seven novels.
Like readers of romances we think that anything can happen to us at any time.
Jimmy Carter urged his Vice President, Walter Mondale, to tell the American people.
Also, smoking is permitted in up to 50 percent of the lobby areas.
One obvious reason would be the income that would derive from sales to video cassette and to television.
''We did a show for three nights for 700 people each.
Of primary importance is what is good for the children.
As the only mile-and-a-half race for three-year-olds, it is longer than the Kentucky Derby (a mile and a quarter) and the Preakness (a mile and three-sixteenths).
The new approach, developed by Arnold Honig, a physicist, and James E. Smith, a biologist, can distinguish many viruses at one time by using a series of dyes simultaneously.
He added, ''Only K Mart seems to have the capability of competing, but their sales growth rate has not risen to the level of a few years ago.''
''I thought I couldn't do anything wrong.''
The three Petrarch Sonnets from Liszt's ''Annee de pelerinage'' were all sensitive in their low-key way; and for those wondering whether Mr. Deverianko's reticence hides technical shortcomings, there was ''Apres un Lecture de Dante'' which thundered mightily -and accurately - at the end.
There are two open dates that might be filled at the upcoming N.C.A.A.
At a late afternoon rally in this city, capital of the southern state of Guerrero, Mr. Cardenas made the first stop on his ''journey for democracy and respect for popular sovereignty'' and heard himself introduced as ''the President-elect of the Mexican people.''
Regulators and private economists alike are raising their estimates of how much it will cost to the Federal Savings and Loan Insurance Corporation, a unit of the bank board, to liquidate or find buyers for almost 500 insolvent institutions.
Shirley $112,000 13 Pinetop Drive 3-bedroom, 1-bath, 13-year-old ranch; eat-in kitchen, basement, public water; taxes $2,400.
I must therefore present ''evidence'' to him that I am a bona fide citizen of these United States ''in the presence of a representative of the university and witnessed.''
The Securities and Exchange Commission has charged that Mr. Lee paid Mr. Wang about $200,000 for inside information on the plans for 25 proposed takeovers.
It started, too, when Jawole Willa Jo Zollar, a modern dancer and choreographer, decided that the unpointed foot of her Afro-American heritage could be choreographed with the purpose of the classical pointed foot.
Then he yielded a double to Jody Reed and a walk to Rich Gedman.
In the modern cockpits, the computers perform the climb and monitor the altitude, automatically leveling the airplane so smoothly that not a drop of coffee is spilled in the passenger cabin.
Denial by Police About 1 A.M., another group of Guardian Angels ''encircled the two decoys and backed them against the fence,'' the sergeant said.
The HBO production is responsible, but it won't tell you much you don't know.
The Massachusetts measure was nearly derailed by legislators' concern, which was eventually assuaged, over the level of benefits for public employees.
Jack bore an eerie resemblance to this leader (whose name was a very un-Paradoran Simms), and a fellow cast member unhelpfully blurted out the news that Jack did a good Simms impersonation.
''I thought for them to see Mrs.
Many details of Lillian Hellman's memoirs may have been fiction, William Wright confirmed, but even without embellishment she led a creative, adventurous life.
Sears is optimistic about its children's stores.
But that's where it stands for now.''
About 15,000 Tigrean rebels may be squaring off against at least 50,000 troops.
Since February, Mrs. Kelly, her five children and an exceptional group of volunteers have spent every Saturday constructing Mrs. Kelley's soon-to-be-lived-in six-room Cape Cod in Riverhead.
Instructors watch for technique and accuracy.
It trimmed the bureaucracy by reorganizing the central Government.
In fact, Miss Uchida is anything but a competition-schooled prodigy.
For comparison, the significant nutrients for three of the most common fruits and vegetables begin the list.
Unfortunately, his figures include those for trading companies that imported items purchased directly by United States consumers.
The strangest of the Parks Department's many Valentine's offerings is a free Central Park walk led by the Urban Park Rangers called ''What's Love Got to Do With It?''
Last week the centers warned that because the flu virus circulating most often in the United States appeared to be ''drifting'' toward this somewhat different form, this year's flu vaccine might not provide ''optimal'' protection.
What does it take to shame New York City's Board of Elections?
''Bagin told us he couldn't pay us for the things we might send because Czech currency is not convertible into dollars, so we sent him a bunch of books and videotapes and I think he has made out very well from us,'' Johnson said.
Its complete catalogue is published annually, and costs $5, although it is sent free to customers who order regularly over six months.
Signs of Prosperity Prague, a Gothic and Baroque fairyland jewel, largely unmarked by this century's wars, houses one of the Communist world's best-fed and best-dressed people.
''It's a shame,'' he said.
South African police statements said the hijackers had tried to ram the bus through the gates of the High Commission building in Maseru, opposite the police station.
A mother of eight, Mrs. Ramsay saw the lighthouse as an outpost of her maternal surveillance, a night light in the nursery of the world.
''The last time we had a relatively flat yield curve was in July 1982, just before the stock market took off,'' Mr. Kellner added.
I stood solemnly against the opposite wall, a 31-year-old man, the man he had presumably wanted me to become.
The National Heart, Lung and Blood Institute in Bethesda, Md., has recently begun to blanket the country with advertisements beseeching every American to ''Know Your Cholesterol.''
The second night, with the guitarists Otis Rush and Eddy Clearwater and the singer Zora Young - all of whom were born in the Delta and moved away - is a night of Chicago blues, urban, busy, and ready to rock and roll.
But now an impressive group refutes those calls - police and prosecutors who must deal with the exclusionary rule every day.
In some towns, the market may not be easy to find.
We don't have to touch Social Security.
''Do open your gifts,'' Scrooge urged.
EDGAR H. LEONI New York, N.Y.
Mr. Lindsey, then a technical sergeant, was the 100th infantryman awarded the Medal of Honor in World War II.
Police Confiscate Chemicals The raids, conducted by Bolivian drug police accompanied by agents of the United States Drug Enforcement Administration, are said to have frightened lab operators away from buying leaves, meaning that growers often cannot find a buyer even at rock-bottom prices.
They were contradicting one of the few members willing to rise and question the manner in which three unarmed Irish rebels were shot to death by British anti-terrorist agents in Gibraltar last weekend as they plotted to devastate a public square with 200 pounds of plastic explosives.
''We must avoid the incestuous finger-pointing and placing of blame that can only divide us,'' Mr. Jackson said at his election night party in Chicago.
THE strange situation of dual titles in the United States operations of British-based Saatchi & Saatchi Advertising Worldwide will be all but eliminated with the promotions of Gary M. Susnjara, Edward L. Wax and Joseph P. Mack.
Mr. Hayden is a California state assemblyman today and did not write his memoirs for the purpose of electing his next opponent.
Miss Ridder, known as Katie, graduated from St. Andrew's School in Saratoga, Calif., and the University of Southern California.
The gallery is at 71 Greene Street (Spring Street).
You could have a shooting, with two people in custody, a couple of bodies, everybody's covered to some degree in blood.
Evert broke back in the second game, aided by the first of three double faults by Lindstrom in the match, and broke her again in the fourth and eighth games to end the first set.
No wonder Columbia athletic officials appeared to be in shock yesterday.
A10 Bayport journal: Newsroom behind bars A10 Politics A12 Democrats avoided battles over national convention credentials while the Rev.
The strike is a serious setback to the Government's efforts to contain labor unrest that has unsettled Poland since last week, largely as a protest against recent drastic price increases.
Access to the park would be on the wood bridge, a five-minute ride from the Stratford Avenue exit of Interstate 95, and a shuttle-boat service connecting to the Bridgeport-Port Jefferson, L.I., Ferry, a trip that would take 15 minutes.
The large number of fallen trees with exposed roots, many more than would ordinarily be lost in random storm damage, has aided research into root system development and the chemical properties of roots, including possible natural pesticides.
A few communities have even prohibited leaving garage doors open, placing a television antenna on the roof or painting a house a color not approved by the city fathers.
's Board of Contract Appeals, a quasi-judicial panel that resolves Federal contract disputes, told the Navy to change the solicitation for the $150 million contract so that some competitors would not be at a disadvantage.
Figures for 1988 are annualized and the current unemployment rate is for August.
When I had you I didn't know what I had.
We ride to have a good time, not to compete or race.''
And the blossoms on hundreds of these flowering trees are expected to be at their peak this weekend at the Brooklyn Botanic Garden, 1000 Washington Avenue, in the Crown Heights section.
These June days, culottes are being paired with lightweight jackets.
In an introductory chapter - ''Who Was Janusz Korczak?''
None of the party's nominees since Johnson has captured a majority of the white vote, and only Mr. Carter, in the 1976 race, got as much as 40 percent of that obviously vital group until yesterday, when Mr. Dukakis seems to have done so.
The company has been turning a profit in Japan for years.
His response: ''I came here to eat, not to make friends.
It is a party of basically middle-class roots, with a history of anti-clericalism and belief in civil liberties.
The company said it would buy a 25.2 percent share in Enterprise Oil P.L.C.
The fact that the number of shares remains constant can work to the advantage of closed-end funds, according to Thomas J. Herzfeld, president of Herzfeld Advisers Inc., a Miami investment firm that specializes in such funds.
With a recent relaxation of Soviet exit policies, the American capacity to absorb Soviet immigrants has been strained.
Christie's then withdrew the Murillo from the auction.
The house that the Templetons have bought is remote and ramshackle and comes complete with a sinister history of suicide and misalliance and two eerie self-styled ''caretakers,'' Grady, an enigmatic teen-ager incapable of telling the truth, and Martin, his middle-aged idiot savant sidekick.
A Cultural Affinity Mr. Hun Sen had briefed the Indian Prime Minister and the Foreign Secretary, P. V. Narasimha Rao, on his meetings in early November in France with Prince Norodom Sihanouk, who seems best placed to take over a transitional, neutral government in Phnom Penh if negotiations succeed.
Anaukaq Henson died shortly afterward but Kali Peary, over 80, is reported still living in northern Greenland.
Things are rigidly controlled, vigorously enforced and, for the most part, contractors are largely compliant.
Some look like they've been in the water much longer than others.
Because the contract failed in the replay, the eventual winners collected 10 imps.
The finished stage work and the finished film will be jointly created, but each artist will realize his version separately.
The state Public Safety Department's Division of Consumer Affairs said that New Jerseyans contributed about $4 billion to local and national charities and charitable projects each year, about 25 percent of that in the last quarter and most of it before Christmas.
Edmonton went into the game with the league's worst power play but scored a team record-tying five times on seven advantages.
Since that time, more than two years ago, her memory has not deteriorated at all.
They also backed away from earlier contentions that his address today would be a major foreign policy speech.
It was generally believed that Mr. Williams lost that battle because of Mr. McCarthy's interference in proceedings outside the hearings.
Only four years after Japan's electronics giants invested billions of dollars in new clean-rooms and precision equipment to dominate the world market in memory chips, they are doing it again.
''Gee, honey, I can't,'' he replied, with what seemed like genuine regret, but I suspected was skillfully disguised glee.
''He makes fun of his own people in a way that makes you feel proud to be Jewish,'' says Joseph Papp, producer of the New York Shakespeare Festival, who has seen Mr. Mason's show four times.
Mao apparently felt that China could survive a nuclear war, even if it lost 300 million people, and then be in a position to win a conventionally fought war against the capitalists.
LEAD: *3*** COMPANY REPORTS ** *3* Dillard Department Stores Inc (AMEX) Qtr to Sept 30 1988 1987 Sales 606,197,000 535,877,000 Net inc 17,363,000 14,564,000 Share earns .54 .45 9mo sales 1,676,404,000 1,427,854,000 Net inc 48,157,000 41,479,000 Share earns 1.49 1.29 View Full Article in Timesmachine 
Ms. Hymowitz works in The Journal's Pittsburgh bureau, which handles coverage of Federated/Allied Stores, based in Cincinnati.
The credit loss provision for the latest quarter was $50 million, compared with $35 million for the year-ago period.
The company said the prior year figures have been restated to include the results of Compac Microelectronics Inc., which was merged with Data Technology Corp. in December 1987 on a pooling of interests basis.
People who become acclimatized to the effects of altitude most easily are those born at higher altitudes, generally above 5,000 feet.
That seemed the right choice to us last summer; it seems even more so now.
Transportation Most major airlines, including Delta and Bahamasair, serve the Bahamas either with direct flights or feeder flights through Miami, Fort Lauderdale, or one of the islands.
''You read horror stories about what happens at soccer matches,'' Dement, the Cornell coach, said.
A rooftop terrace offers a panoramic view of the harbor.
I don't know why Mr. McIlvoy, who evidently has intimate knowledge of the industry, never details the far greater tragedy of the McWelt brothers and others like them.
Mr. Metz, an architect who lives in New Hampshire, captures these simple people and their remote environment with loving care, from details like the smell of Leon's chewing gum to a lyric vision of little girls sprinkling fireflies from Mason jars.
He celebrates the individual approach, both on the production line where factory workers can vary the resin material in a series of tables so that each one is different, or in the shop, where consumers find that each purchase is different.
Even if CART won in court, there is a question of how useful that would be.
If you do vote, you can be subject to up to 10 years in prison, fined up to $5,000 and lose your opportunity to become a U.S.
These individual qualities are what Dr. Richard A. Jaynes, a plant breeder and geneticist, is looking for.
The legendary section of northern Manhattan known as El Barrio may have been the the largest Puerto Rico community on the mainland, but South Brooklyn is the probably the oldest, with Puerto Rican merchant seamen and their families settling there at the turn of the century.
The video, like the audio before it, will be used only in Boston and New York, where Peek Frean's consumption peaks.
HOCKEY MINNESOTA (NHL) - Traded Gordie Roberts, defenseman, to the Philadelphia Flyers in exchange for a 1988 or 1989 fourth-round draft choice.
It would matter if the President understood the realities of the Middle East enough to press Israel and the Palestinians toward negotiations that might save them both from tragedy.
After that, you can take your pick.
Last year it received 6,626 in-state applications and 8,663 from outside state.
A petition was being circulated yesterday among players in the L.P.G.A.
But he has yet to look at sailing as a job.
Mr. James said the most important object was a ushabti, a small sculpture of painted wood, showing the face of the Pharaoh Amenophis III.
The first, completed in 1984, was the LTV Tower, recently renamed the Trammell Crow Center in honor of the founder of the development company that built both this building and the new Texas Commerce Tower.
However, a staff member who travels with him says that is not the real reason.
If you sell 200, you attract awe.
Manager Dave Johnson said he didn't want to push Gooden back another day and he thought the extra rest would be good for Ojeda, who has been suffering from a bruised thigh and the flu.
But Mel told me when Sid went out for the bottom of the eighth to watch him.
The finalist with the most impressive credentials was a German short-haired pointer from California, Ch.
That appeared to eliminate one other possible resolution, agreement by the United States to amend the pact in ways that would meet Liberal and New Democrat concerns about elements that the opposition parties see as threatening to Canada's independence.
And they think that as new construction continues to taper off, supply will come into line with demand.
But one industry expert familiar with the negotiations said there was a difference of opinion on the ultimate value of Lorimar's assets.
He knows that South has the spade ace, but what about the nine?
Team spirit and reliability are important, said Roger Gasaway, a G.E.
There is an error of fact in virtually every paragraph of the Lindsey article.
Willie Ann Lee was 64 years old when her son, William Turks, was beaten to death by 15 to 20 youths as he stopped at a bagel stand near Coney Island.
QUESTIONS AND ANSWERS Treatment of Palestinians Q. Mr. President, through the years you've been very eloquent on the subject of human rights in the Soviet Union and Nicaragua.
If a current is started in a loop of wire and the power switched off, the electricity will continue to flow virtually forever in the next best thing to perpetual motion.
Dan J. Bradley, a former president of the Legal Services Corporation who later became a leading advocate for gay rights, died of AIDS today at Doctors Hospital in Coral Gables, Fla., He was 47 years old and lived in Miami.
An aerial survey in February of Kenya's vast southeastern Tsavo National Park and the surrounding area found 5,363 elephants, down from an estimated 35,000 in 1974.
This victory put Cornell in Saturday's finale for the Varsity Challenge Cup with Brown, Northeastern, Wisconsin, Princeton, and Syracuse.
''We got sloppy in our own end, tried to dump the puck out and hold on,'' said Kirk Muller, the captain of the Devils.
The last completion covered 3 yards to his tight end, Preston Gothard, for a touchdown as Pittsburgh moved within 17-7.
Perhaps one reason for the harmonious working relationships is that Mr. Clavell maintains a certain detachment from the adaptations of his work.
tests, more common in the Midwest, South and West than in the Northeast, are used by nearly 3,100 of the 3,406 public and private universities in the United States.
The borough surrounds a reservoir called Woodcliff Lake, bridged by a causeway.
''It's sort of like living with your husband.
''I think the problem right now is that, until we are actually in the new building, and people are working in it, then it will slowly become 'ours.'
The bank board is not the only Federal regulator that hopes to announce a plan for resolving the savings crisis.
In the last 10 years I have been right on target, but this year I was totally baffled.
Ms. Fonda could not be reached for comment.
It is so bad that we cannot see out.
The long cadences of the hunt for the great white whale are soothing.
The biggest state-sponsored student aid program is New York's Tuition Assistance Program, commonly known as TAP, which granted nearly $400 million to more than 300,000 students last year.
Its shares rose $1.125 today, to $17, in New York Stock Exchange trading.
The situation was further complicated because there is no state sales tax on fuel for residential heating, although there is often a local sales tax.
Continuing Patronage The state said the use of the school system for patronage has continued.
It said 349,000 other acres were already protected from uses inconsistent with refuge programs.
''In the past 10 years the Coast Guard has become involved in many new areas, such as law enforcement and pollution investigation, and we are being spread thinner and thinner.
''Many schoolteachers told me that junior high school students - 12, 13 years old - are now smoking.
It was different last night.
Lack of affordable housing and labor, high operating costs, taxes and an absence of state and local tax incentives were cited by many of the companies as reasons they were thinking of leaving.
''Our phones never stopped ringing, with people asking how they could possibly lose half their money in one day.''
And Lydia Neuman (Helen Mirren) is a bohemian-looking Viennese painter, a woman of a certain age who attracts the two men.
Burial will be in England, and a memorial service will be held later in New York.
The ''repatriation villages'' are described by defectors and Thai Army officers as little more than bunkers roofed with thatch in areas with little water and where malaria is common.
Sitting North was a promising 23-year-old French player named Pierre Jais who went on to win three world titles.
Mr. Fried said: ''Our central objection is that this statute strips the President of a purely executive function -criminal prosecution, and criminal prosecution in an important class of cases - and lodges that function in one almost wholly untethered to the President.''
Throughout the meeting, each tenant who spoke no matter how briefly or on how trivial a topic, got applause and praise from Ms. Gilkey.
The woman, Debra Kim Cohen, had begun gambling when she was 16.
At both places, after a brief introduction, visitors see a demonstration of pewter being cast, hammered and polished.
Some time ago, I made reference to the Chalonnais wines in a manner Mr. de Villaine found less than reverent.
Mr. Gluck's telling of this story has some obvious touches, but it is graceful, too.
In 1973, a Staten Island gallery called The Hand and the Wheel featured a show of works in silver by Paula Gollhardt, a jeweler from New Jersey.
This production also shows off dancers in the pas de trois.
The opinion contained broad observations about the many ways the nation's ''religious heritage'' can properly be honored, as well as numerous specific references to the more secular elements of the Pawtucket display, like reindeer and a tree.
Many medical experts agree that far too many are performed, but there is no consensus on how to cut back.
Billy, who is married, wants to persuade her to have an abortion.
''We are going to learn from this defeat!''
There was no indication that the Senate majority leader, Warren M. Anderson of Binghamton, had wavered in opposing the Assembly bill.
But negotiations then were continued by investment bankers for both sides.
Economists also note that most of the components of the index are published individually each month before the index itself is tabulated.
You can see the water from here now.
''We had leadership positions, and we were slow to respond to competition.''
In the movie industry, age was no barrier, said the Hollywood producer David Picker, a friend of the Mayor.
The police originally said Ms. Perez had fired the shot that killed the sergeant but later determined that another officer's bullet had passed through a door and struck him.
The review commission has been working on a new system that would set Medicare physician fees on the basis of such factors as time, training, difficulty and risk involved in each type of treatment.
City officials say this argument misses the point.
The Jabril group is based in Damascus, the Syrian capital.
Both parties agree that the Okens' builder took stones from the wall and used them as he constructed their home.
The aircraft are scheduled for delivery in early 1991, officials said.
Judge Ferguson also said the law singled out certain speech on the basis of content, since other types of discussions, including random interviews by reporters, are not prohibited.
The company said it had rejected the proposal as greenmail.
Cyclamens grow from a tuber, which grows wide and fat with age.
The Governor also blamed working women for high divorce rates and told a Jewish audience that the United States was a Christian nation.
Grace Bechtold, a vice president and executive editor of Bantam Books, died of cancer Monday at Calvary Hospital in the Bronx.
The Yankees have lost six of their last nine games and 10 of their last 15.
Cartwright will remain unhappy backing up Patrick Ewing at center; Wilkins and Walker are growing more important to the Knicks' future, and Cummings will continue to back up Sidney Green at forward.
He was also coming off his poorest marathon showing, a ninth-place finish in 2:14:07 at Boston in April.
They want help at offensive tackle and running back, and there are sure to be good athletes available at both positions.
The department had set a target of 10 million bushels at that auction.
But significant policy decisions, such as an agreement to speed up the economy with lower interest rates, show up much earlier in the Federal funds rate.
When you are ready to install them, lean the sheets vertically against the walls and arrange them so that their grain forms a pleasing overall pattern.
Mr. Rathmann was anxious to devote his full time to long-term strategic planning rather than day-to-day operations.
But Martha Foulon-Tonat, an official in the bank's loan department, provided a document today showing that the bank had a ''participation agreement'' signed last Nov. 23 by another bank that agreed to advance $1 million of the loan.
She would think, When the scientists make experiments, welding two kinds of animal together, of different sizes, then I suppose this is what the poor mother feels.
Why do you think there's such friction in New York between blacks and Jews?
They lost balls in the sun, got picked off base, hit nothing but polite little singles.
Melody wonders why a celebrity would want to live in Hicksville when she could go ''someplace fabulous - like Atlantic City.''
CASTLETOWNSHEND: Mary Ann's (28-36146) has no overnight accommodations.
Then Owen Laster, who heads the agency's literary department, and Robert Gottlieb, who represents Ms. Ripley, will conduct an auction for the hard-cover and paperback rights for the United States and Canada.
He patronized the opera and traveled by Rolls-Royce, Mercedes-Benz and private jet, dropping in on other residences in Acapulco and Houston.
''The traditional firms changed more slowly, often too slowly.
There's more than enough disorder.
They meet when he, in poet's shabby garb, and she, in seamstress's frock, go slumming on the outskirts of town in search of simple human fare to add some meat and potatoes to their too-rich sexual diets.
As smart as they are prolific, Glenn Tilbrook and Chris Difford, Squeeze's co-leaders, have created a solid catalogue of songs that refine the anecdotal side of the Beatles and the Kinks into an artful but accessible pop that sometimes kicks with a hard-rock energy.
Albert L. O'Neil, a member of the City Council, said, ''I'll never vote for it.''
March for 30 percussion instruments (nine players), was short and clever.
When the accountant read off the name of the competition winner, I was astounded.
''But in this game, you have to be able to accept the good with the bad.''
Now Mr. Maddox and Mr. Mason call for the arrest of an assistant Dutchess County District Attorney, again without evidence.
The crowd reacted with a deafening roar.
''I have my finger on that pulse hourly,'' he said.
''People realize that this is a monumental thing going on here,'' said Susan Snow, a teacher of Russian language at a public high school in Sandy, a suburb of Salt Lake City, about 10 miles east of Magna.
Western diplomats and many Haitians say they expect few Haitians to vote on Sunday.
The grass-roots momentum behind youth service programs is powerful.
C. J. THORNE Very Good Main Street, Bridgehampton.
Whittaker's chairman and chief executive, Joseph F. Alibrandi, described the proposal as ''highly conditional'' and said it would be reviewed in mid-month during a regularly scheduled board meeting.
Ms. Robinson clearly believes this art enables her to better celebrate ''familyhood'' and ''communityhood.''
Mr. Canter directed the Chase subsidiary for eight years and helped turn it around after a difficult time in the 1970's.
President Daniel Ortega Saavedra sent a letter to the Cardinal today saying he was upset that the talks had been ''abruptly suspended.''
Revenues rose to $457.4 million from $322.4 million.
THERE is nothing like a pleasant earnings surprise - for example, management telling analysts that profits will be better than expected - to help the price of a stock in an uncertain market.
The Return of the Tackle But Sunday night, his lawyer, Leigh Steinberg, suggested they take a red-eye flight from San Francisco to be near the Jets and their negotiator, Steve Gutman, the club's president.
Lawyers differed on how many judges were settlers.
D'Amato Was Mentor Cus D'Amato, a veteran boxing manager and trainer, was Tyson's mentor and the man to whom Tyson was paroled at the age of 14 from a juvenile correctional institute in upstate New York.
On Friday, the oil futures contract on the New York Mercantile Exchange fell 55 cents and bond prices rose about 3/4 point.
Union in the Middle In Michigan, ''We're getting quite a bit of support from the rank and file and from some locals,'' said Jim Cunningham, Michigan field director for Mr. Gephardt.
The question is, are we going to allow liberals to decide which conservatives are acceptable on the courts?
But neither candidate is well known to the voters, Dr. Zukin said.
In the large, crowded courtroom, a court deputy took 15 minutes to read the verdict, which specified racketeering acts that included murder, kidnapping, extortion, gambling and drug dealing.
With few exceptions, laser-printed letters arrive in typewritten or hand-addressed envelopes.
Martin openly criticized his shortstop, the likable Rafael Santana, after a first-inning error helped the Blue Jays to six runs.
His father is a sales manager in the New York area for Cooper Tire and Rubber.
Demand for corn and soybeans reached near-feverish levels yesterday on the Chicago Board of Trade as meteorologists predicted a return of hot, dry weather over the Farm Belt this weekend.
Thomas Noonan of the aircraft carrier America, got to meet Mayor Koch in a welcoming ceremony at City Hall, which was festooned with a welcoming banner.
This film is rated PG.
Mr. Abram said Mr. Arafat's acceptance of Israel ''as a state in the region'' was a ''meaningless'' recognition of an existing reality.
Each ad offers a photograph of a man or woman and a substantial text that establishes their credentials.
Other factors complicated today's events over the Persian Gulf.
''Many of us have childhood memories of a very clean, pristine bay loaded with clams and scallops, and home to waterfowl,'' he said.
Sidewalk Fashion Fashion meets art in this week's most compelling store windows, on the Seventh Avenue side of Barneys New York.
Over the years, the turnout in Republican Presidential primaries in the South has been notoriously low.
Even stripped of the Michigan exaggeration, this progress demonstrates how Jesse Jackson's appeal transcends race.
Friends of Tyson have accused Givens and her mother of manipulating Tyson in order to gain control of his fortune, which is estimated at $40 million.
SUNY awarded 3,037 bachelor's degrees and 1,278 graduate degrees at its Stony Brook campus.
''We are taking the Federal Government's lead on this,'' said Mr. Viola.
to shoulder its responsibilities, but they don't think they'll be able to do it.
''Any money raised because of a fine for illegal dumping should be redirected to the cleanup of the Hudson River,'' Representative Joseph J. DioGuardi, Republican of Westchester's 20th District, said last week.
More typical of 1988 were the Baltimore Orioles, who opened the baseball season with the longest losing streak in history.
We need it because it tells an unusual story, a story not of progress forward but instead of progress achieved by a return to the past.
Three physicists at the University of Southern California have invented a microscope that allows a user to single out moving microbes for observation by blanking out all non-moving details in the background scene.
His identity was being withheld pending notification of next of kin.
Mr. Morel noted a French initiative that led to the empowerment 5 year ago of the United Nations Secretary General to investigate any breaches of the 1925 convention.
''She was an electric eel in a pond of flatfish,'' said David Freeman, a Hollywood screen writer.
who have criticized his handling of the controversy.
''I think we're going to have to wait until the city's revised master plan is out before we can go along with any decisions. ''
The play, culled from their reminiscences, consists of five female characters, each representing a member of the Red Triangle Hostesses, a volunteer group that reportedly operated a United Service Organizations-like center in a Calgary railroad station where soldiers dropped in.
Judge John P. Sullivan of Suffolk Superior Court said Thursday he would allow the reporter, Charles A. Radin, to remain free at least a week to appeal.
Those two limitations alone would reduce ''this dirty business'' by 75 percent right away.
News agencies, quoting local residents, have put the death toll between 20 and 200.
And despite Buffalo's travails, it is not a case of a local economy gone sour, especially since both have far-flung operations.
Another 200 are getting fewer hours of care than they need.
In an attempt to fill a need for affordable urban housing, community groups and local officials around the country are turning to factory-built housing in the hope of creating instant neighborhoods on vacant city land.
In his campaign appearances today Mr. Bush stressed two major themes, opportunity and peace, while punctuating his comments with repeated criticism of Mr. Dukakis.
Much of the development on the bay has been industrial rather than residential, with the Commander Oil Company's huge red, orange, yellow, green or blue tanks the most noticeable shore landmarks.
The only other candidate was Nagoya, Japan.
The Free Press declared war on the News, cutting advertising and circulation prices sharply in an effort to attract some of its rival's traditional readers and advertisers.
She graduated from Phillips Academy and Georgetown University.
City records show that Mr. DeMarco had been an investor since 1978 in a weather-proofing company headed by Mr. Paese and that Mr. DeMarco was part owner of a building that Tri-Boro had used as a garage for its trucks.
And as Commissioner Kathleen Hoyt of the Department of Employment and Training noted, it is easy to tell when a team of students begins its three-week training cycle: ''It takes them about a week to get it right,'' she said.
But his paper backed him, and through confidential documents and dozens of interviews, he pieced together a profile of the mother, a 23-year-old woman with six children who had dropped out of school in the eighth grade and was a prostitute at 13.
Besides being larger than Texas Air's other carrier, Eastern Airlines, the largely nonunion airline has lower labor costs and a national route structure, with desirable hubs in cities like Newark, Houston and Denver.
''It was the most frightening thing,'' Lee Natale, who lives 110 feet from the site, said.
''But you can poke someone to get their attention or pat someone if they're hurting, and who knows where that can lead.''
The Afghanistan leader, who has been kept in power by Soviet troops, was in Indochina on his first official foreign visit outside the Soviet Union.
Some years ago, Jeanie Amory, an art and antiques dealer, started taking table pictures at Junior League parties.
Cubism and pointillism made their appearances as well.
This is a task that modern economics has on the whole disdained as hopelessly ''anecdotal'' and imprecise.
United States publication took place on July 21, 1958 (Putnam), and the book hit No.
In West Germany, which has a declining population, studies have explored the possibility of drafting Turks into the army in order to hold the line against the Soviet Union and the Warsaw Pact - that other Western European obsession.
The fixed-price dinner is about $70 for two, plus wine.
The seamen's strike is the kind of seemingly senseless confrontation that even in the late 1980's Britain can be particularly, and sadly, given to producing.
It is home of the very popular Owl Bar, much beloved by the ombibulous.
Unexpected Benefits As some 89 million Americans have already discovered and researchers have documented, volunteering can enhance self-esteem, foster a sense of accomplishment and competence and act as an antidote to stress and depression.
John Doyle of the Manhattan North homicide squad said.
Beautiful armor laced with colorful silk threads enhanced the warrior's self-esteem - it was his weapon of culture - even though it may have been oppressively heavy and evil-smelling when soaked with water and teeming with lice during long campaigns in the rainy season.
Mr. Leshaw said the incorrect records, as well as a language barrier for many detainees who do not speak English, might make the lack of counsel particularly damaging.
Everglades City is 10 miles south of that intersection on State Road 29.
Michael S. Dukakis, the Democratic Presidential nominee, and Senator Lloyd Bentsen, his running mate, have said they would try to complete a treaty as soon as possible without injecting new demands into the talks.
Mr. Miller acknowledged the seriousness of the problem and proposed his own menu of cuts and alternative revenues.
Neil Allen, summoned from the bullpen in the first inning and asked to pitch in emergency relief, offered the Yankees an emotional lift at a difficult time tonight.
* Edward S. Littleford and Colleen Butler Gowl have been promoted to senior executive vice president, executive creative director, and executive vice president, group management director, respectively, at FCB/Leber Katz Partners, New York.
They are not poor enough to qualify for Medicaid, too young for Medicare, and too poor or indifferent to obtain private coverage.
The purchase will give Seagram enormous opportunities to increase orange juice sales in West Germany, Japan and the Western United States.
''What a horrible existence, I thought.
The Fulton Street restaurant, long cherished by diners for its gaslight chandeliers and long arched mirrors, and for menu offerings like Baltimore fry and broiled clam bellies on toast, will still feature fish and chops, Mr. Aschkenasy said.
The leak in December 1984 killed more than 2,500 people and injured more than 20,000.
Acting on his earlier finding of racism by the defense in jury selection at the trial of Larry Davis, a Bronx judge yesterday removed the six jurors who had been seated and ordered a ''completely fresh'' trial.
When we try our next deal, the structure must be changed.
The bridegroom is a materials engineer at Boeing Commercial Aircraft in Seattle.
He declined to give the price, saying ''The deal is not yet complete.''
Michael S. Dukakis seems, the reason is not simply the fact that some polls show that Vice President Bush's lead is narrowing.
A self- styled curmudgeon's memoir of a cat.
THE CATFISH HARVEST goes on year round.
But they added that reports from Kandahar, Herat and elsewhere indicate the rebels have been making heavy rocket and mortar attacks.
''The people of Panama are committed to ousting Noriega.''
Au Troquet * 328 West 12th Street, 924-3413.
Ultimately, the Republicans settled on a poster for its national convention that depicts the skyline of the New Orleans French Quarter.
The trade press has been putting total ad spending at $12 million to $15 million.
Although the Navy has said the system is unnecessary, a $95 million contract for it was awarded in May to Unisys's Great Neck, L.I., division.
Because of the extraordinarily extended cadenza in the first movement - about two and a half minutes of keyboard fireworks that actually throw the movement out of proportion - the Fifth ''Brandenburg'' is the harpsichordist's ''Emperor'' Concerto.
The result of the panel process is to defuse decision-making so that no one is responsible and no one is accountable.
He also said there was no perjury involved in the defendant testifying that he had no crinimal intent, while having ''his attorney argue to the jury that if it concluded otherwise, then it should consider whether that intent was the result of government inducement.''
Dozens of callers offered to adopt the 8-pound, 9-ounce baby, named Elizabeth by nurses at Mills Memorial Hospital in San Mateo.
I even had some nightmares.''
The 16-year-old Evans is favored to win three gold medals, - in the 400-meter individual medley and the 400-meter and 800-meter free-styles.
It was a slightly higher-level operation than most Bronx candy stores in that it featured an active lunch counter.
''I'm not too thrilled about the prospect of a foreign company coming into this state and buying up companies,'' Mr. Greene said.
Julian Z. Millar, a former executive at the Western Union Corporation, died of cancer April 27 at his home in Summit, N.J.
The Corcoran survey posted 97 sales for January, and showed the average price of a two-bedroom apartment to be $449,000, up $12,000 from a month earlier.
JACK VIERTEL Creative Director, Jujamcyn Theaters New York, N.Y.
Mr. Anderson had not favored Mr. Marino as his successor.
It should therefore come as no surprise that the salaries of chief financial officers have more than doubled since 1980, according to P. Anthony Price, a managing director of Russell Reynolds Associates, an executive search firm.
An Archeological Data Base To analyze the composition of a shard, Dr. Blackman and Dr. Stein used tungsten carbide tools to shave away the surface and drill a sample from the shard's core, where environmental contamination is unlikely.
Much of the debate is about Mr. Sofaer himself.
B1 Integration at Starrett City, a housing complex in Brooklyn, appears threatened by a court ruling that outlaws the racial quotas used to limit the number of black and Hispanic residents in an effort to avoid ''white flight.''
* Steroids on Parade: Instead of hiding all the good stuff, why not have open events for steroid freaks?
And the artists are cut from the same cloth.
''You look back now and wish maybe you'd worked on some other things as well.
In the competitive journalistic environment of Washington, there is a premium on reporters' developing personal contacts with Government officials so they can obtain information on a confidential basis that the officials would not divulge on the record.
At that point, the Big Board would begin separating program trades and those associated with asset allocation strategies from other trades using the Superdot computer.
But this was late April, and these are the Celtics.
Older readers may be more familiar with its old name of Mauch Chunk when it was the wonder of industrial America.
That's a lot of fun.
The four-bedroom, colonial-style homes, priced from $700,000 to $750,000, will sit on three-acre lots, as mandated by Ridgefield zoning laws.
''But Nolan's been waiting a long time to get that 100th win.
But pitchers have been highly critical of the new balk rule, and managers have said that runners will get hundreds of additional stolen bases if the new balk rule is in effect during the season.
All of these added up to a deficit of $39.75 billion for the first quarter, a rate that would translate into an annual deficit figure of $159 billion.
''The metro New York area is the toughest in which to compete.
Also, twice a year sanctioned showings by guild craftspeople are held at the Asheville Civic Center.
Fish Steaks With Olives and Capers Preparation time: 10 minutes Cooking time: 5 to 7 minutes 2 large or 4 small fish steaks 2 tablespoons plus 1/2 cup olive oil 1/2 pound black oil-cured olives, pitted 2 tablespoons capers (preferably salted), drained 1 small clove garlic, peeled 6 walnut halves, coarsely chopped Freshly ground pepper 1 teaspoon fresh rosemary leaves.
''Here, as in previous books, [ Thomas ] Berger evinces an almost Jacobean feeling for revenge, an ear turned to that howl of vengeance that drowns out the small voice urging us to turn the other cheek,'' Francine Prose said here last year.
A State Department spokesman said: ''United States assistance to the Afghan resistance has not been halted.
Consequently, some of the finest American wines now use proprietary names like Carmenet and Rubicon.
Mr. Malle, who has lived in New York for the last decade, makes both English- and French-language films.
''It certainly doesn't seem like the Rehnquist of old,'' said one conservative former Supreme Court law clerk.
The 3% Limit For Americans, perhaps the most intriguing element of the opening of trading here are the safeguards Japan has chosen to use, and those that it has chosen to dispense with.
David Garrick was the most decent, humane and unwilling of regicides, in deference to his period's fondness for heroes who were heroes - and so Mrs. Pritchard, his Lady Macbeth, had to be ferocity incarnate, ''insensible to compunction and inflexibly bent to cruelty.''
The coach said he was not more emotionally involved in this game than in others.
The facade is to be cleaned and restored.
Mr. Baron and Mr. Shinehead have made records that aren't exceptions or novelties; the new records are proof that music can still be made on a local level, and that the music being made there is fertile, borrowing what it needs to keep the constituency of its culture happy, informed and dancing.
A proposal for a theater complex in Times Square has a novel concept.
He said that Mrs. Javery's purse had been found inside the store but that the murder weapon, believed to be a knife, was not recovered.
2 2 THE GREAT DEPRESSION OF 1990, by Ravi Batra.
Third-seeded Mats Wilander's match against Slobodan Zivojinovic of Yugoslavia was also called because of the rain.
I have in my hand the state-of-the-art in camera technology, in the form of the new Minolta Maxxum 7000i.
David Hale of Kemper Financial Services attributes the rally to three causes: the market's belief that foreign central banks had agreed to protect the dollar's value at least until November; the Federal Reserve's gradual tightening, which raised interest rates and made dollar assets look more attractive abroad, and the actions taken by West Germany and Japan in imposing withholding taxes on many domestic investments, which had the effect of spurring German and Japanese private foreign investment, especially in the United States.
''Now, people who are going for licensed characters want what I call a 'know' - a stable, well-liked figure,'' said Murray Altchuler, the executive director of the Licensing Industry Merchandisers Association.
The tiny wooden home was bedecked with traditional ornaments: a plaited straw rope, from which dangled pieces of folded paper, hung over the entrance to fence in Toshigami, the god of the new year, who had taken up temporary residence.
The vote fell just short of the two-thirds majority needed for passage.
Jesse Jackson on the campaign trail, despite a private request from Governor Cuomo to refrain from doing so.
THE FIFTH CHILD, by Doris Lessing.
I played one game with Josh and Donald.
''At the funeral, the reverend said we never grew up,'' said Mr. Fuller, who still often refers to himself and his brother in the present tense.
They made no point of it then.
Whatever the reason, the Communist giants seem to prefer doing business with Republicans rather than Democrats.
Mr. McMahon said he considered the use of glass far superior to previous designs, but he had never proposed it on the assumption that the commission would reject it.
Hayden Is Astonished The rhetoric appeared to boomerang the next day, when Ms. Fonda's husband, Assemblyman Tom Hayden of California, expressed what seemed to be astonishment over Mr. Dawkins's attitude.
Let's call him whoever was running the resupply.''
School officials told the French news agency Agence France-Presse that the teachers who kept students in the classrooms probably saved their lives.
The entire run of the seven-week New York engagement was sold out as soon as tickets were made available, and even Lincoln Center Theater subscribers have been obliged to participate in a lottery in order to obtain the limited seats.
His mother said he was ''absolutely as outgoing as he could be'' while growing up in a small town about 30 miles outside of St. Louis.
From the internal receiver a thin wire cable is threaded through the mastoid bone and into the cochlea.
I am going to send you to the best hematologist and I am sure he'll tell you it's all a mistake.''
Gerald Wilson, the 70-year-old dean of California big band jazz, is standing before the American Jazz Orchestra in a dingy rehearsal hall near Times Square.
These people want, and need, to be allowed their defense mechanisms, which have helped them for many years to cope with the ups and downs of daily life.
And yet if one believes, as I do, that Gide fabricated his story of the rejection, one can admire still his choice of that striking ''vertebrae'' detail which has stuck in the minds of so many people.
Getting Acquainted With People on the Hill Mr. Galvin clearly sold his ability to win access to influential people, but he was not overtly political.
Geoffrey Holmes, a spokesman for Warner, said the company was disappointed by the decision but viewed it as a temporary setback.
Choosing tenants who will not abuse their apartments is easier today than it was before the housing shortage intensified.
Mr. Fuchs of Kidder, Peabody said that the company's strong gains in the quarter and the year reflected the strength of the Washington market on its core newspaper.
Walker's fourth home run of the season came off the reliever Gene Garber (0-4).
Although the car was damaged beyond repair, Ms. Stephenson suffered only bruised knees.
Some of the crimes that Petrella has to deal with are nasty, some are small-time stuff.
''Vietnam War Story'' is an anthology series of half-hour shows, each self-contained and the work of separate writers and directors.
Eagleson also said plans had been completed for two N.H.L.
''As the economy shows no sign of slowing down in the third quarter, we can expect the Fed to continue to keep gently tapping the brakes, election year or not,'' Mr. McCarthy added.
The law restricting a former official's lobbying of his old agency was watered down by White House regulations, handing Mr. Deaver an undeserved defense.
As they did previously, all of the jurors said that no one connected with the case had approached them or attempted to influence them.
A nurse placed earphones on me and soon a classical air was covering the sounds of Dr. Friedrich's surgery - until he started using an electric drill to make sewing holes in the cap of the damaged knee.
The frigate, the Samuel B. Roberts, one of 29 American Navy vessels currently operating in the region, was returning to Bahrain after escorting Kuwaiti tankers registered under the American flag in the 25th such convoy through the gulf this year.
Mr. Koch makes no secret of how much he depends on his relatively little-known aide, whose desk is awash in file folders and reports and whose office lights are among the last to be switched off each night.
''It's cheaper to do it this way than to move, and where would we move,'' said Mrs. Day ''We have decided to retire in this house, we got the kids through college and it was now or never.''
''This gives us control over an area where we had no control,'' said Thomas Flynn, a spokesman for the state's Casino Control Commission.
Bob Gould got the second goal for the Capitals for a 2-2 tie, but MacLean put the Devils on top again with 4:21 left in the second, and Korn extended it with his two goals, with 2:15 left in the second and 1:25 into the third, to put the game beyond reach for the Capitals.
None of the men has stood trial yet.
In reply, Mr. Kissinger asserted that the two situations were not comparable.
Also, the Petroplex Savings Association, of Midland; the Southwest Savings and Loan Association, of Abilene; the Odessa Savings Association, of Odessa; the Southern Savings and Loan Association, of Brownwood, and the Shamrock Federal Savings Bank, of Shamrock.
The meeting is three days of concentrated attempts to talk through again the doctrine of hatred that connects Stephansplatz with Nuremberg and leads back to a Vienna that threw itself into a passion of welcome for Adolf Hitler.
''Here's some facts we didn't hear about last night and I guess we're not going to hear about this week,'' the Governor said.
Its settings can be manually adjusted to a degree, via ''program shift'' and exposure compensation controls with an eight-stop range.
Mr. McCarthy has picked away at Mr. Wilson's record, charging that he is the ''Senator for the most powerful corporations'' and that he has not supported Social Security increases.
Only duplicate copies are being sent to warehouses and paper-recycling centers.
The company said that its losses in 1987 resulted from unrealized investment losses and that those in 1986 were related to write-downs and asset revaluations.
''I like the way Keith Hernandez keeps under control.
Then Lake was bunted to second and scored on a single by Ozzie Smith.
Where there has been an abrogation of parental responsibility, regardless of the parent's means, a student can be declared independent.
The amendment is not expected to pass.
She won the 1,500 meter run in 4 minutes 32.5 seconds, adding that title to a string of indoor victories that included the Millrose Games.
His father is the founder and president of the Freedom from Chemical Dependency Foundation in Boston.
Their Art Focuses on Political Problems As with all artists, the work of contemporary Latinos comes out of their emotional life.
I wheeled around to face Evelyn.
Then, William Horn, Assistant Interior Secretary responsible for parks, tried to minimize the problems and deflect the wide criticism of the Reagan Administration's just-say-no-to-parks policy (letter, June 27).
One is to allow tubers to dry off slightly and store them in a box of wood shavings, which can be kept in a cool basement, attic or garage.
A four-course menu might include scallops, ravioli of Langustin, a house salad and a light dessert for $78 a person, without wine.
Or suppose he can't extricate himself from the tax pledge and can't patch together significant cuts from a budget that largely consists of military spending, interest on the debt and sacred entitlement programs.
In the 1970's, as architecture moved away from the esthetic of glass and steel, Mr. Bunshaft remained firmly committed to modernism, but his style evolved into a somewhat aggressively heavy, sculptural approach that was less well received than his earlier work.
Pitt 87, Providence 86 PROVIDENCE, R.I. (AP) - A freshman, Jason Matthews, twice made 3-point baskets in the final 75 seconds to give No.
He said, I believe, because he'd rather his children walk to school than ride to nowhere.
Now is the time to use the voltage tester.
Then, to music by Michael D. Mortilla, they launched into a series of kinetic crescendos suggesting states of passion, exaltation and combativeness.
Remove them immediately with a slotted spoon and drain well.
John Elway fires missiles; Bobby Hebert tosses darts.
''It is simply a decision of an arbitrator,'' he said.
The co-choreographers used Effel as inspiration.
Yes; he thought he could anoint a loyal, malleable cipher as a potential President and get away with it.
Members and friends of that often-admired news organization have watched in dismay as the news pages of The Free Press were commandeered for the publisher's public relations campaign to influence Mr. Meese and as editorial cartoons critical of Mr. Meese were banned.
Occasionally he wanders in time and art.
Eve Orton, a former editor for Harper's Bazaar and a well-known figure in the fashion industry, was found dead of an overdose of sleeping pills in her Manhattan apartment on May 31, her son said.
He also ran the 100-yard dash in 9.8 seconds and earned an invitation to the Olympic trials in basketball.
Indeed, Mr. Seidman said that it was ''not a key factor'' but ''showed a commitment to getting the job done.''
It meant that Meacham, who was expected to move to short, had to play second.
''Television is how one generation communicates with another,'' he said.
''One has to do with procedures in conducting the test.
Then, a decade ago, the elderly members of the dwindling Jewish community remembered a younger Mr. Cohen and asked him to follow in his grandfather's footsteps.
We've got to play our best basketball to win.''
Hans-Joachim Cramer of the Pharmaceutical Industry Association in Frankfurt thinks that the huge amount of bureaucracy involved in applying the reference prices will make the new system unworkable.
The games not only provide the best situations for a brilliant tactical imagination like Kasparov's, but they demand it.
Insofar as there are new frontiers, nearly everyone agrees they are the magnificent ridges and basins of the ocean floor, which constitutes two-thirds of the globe, and the solar system, including Earth as observed whole from the perspective of space.
Gooden, who admitted that he had never done the arm exercises performed by other pitchers, began the exercise program Wednesday and continued it today.
She is a granddaughter of the late Viscount Margesson of Rugby, England, a Conservative member of Parliament who held posts in the wartime cabinet of Winston Churchill.
(Under regatta rules, the America's Cup series must be contested between May 1 and Nov. 1 if sailed in the Northern Hemisphere.)
Parents have since created a second primary school and eight nurseries.
''I won't give you your check unless you join our group,'' he said.
Lafayette tried hard to get that touchdown back before the half but failed as Baur's last three deep passes from the Army 40 were no good.
Before the settlement last month, nonresidents were given a week's notice to apply by mail for seasonal badges.
But that incensed large shareholders.
Even as high-school enrollments continue to drop, kindergarten classes are doubling in size, forcing districts to confront the results of decisions they made only a few years ago when they sold surplus schools to developers, leased them for offices or converted them to warehouses.
And twice he has seen 80-foot masts topple like broken matchsticks.
''The edge of the moon casts a shadow so sharp that by timing an eclipse very precisely, the diameter of the sun can be measured with great accuracy,'' he said.
That was no more problem than the time that King Constantine of Greece needed somebody to come over for an urgent fitting; the evening that Secretary of State George P. Shultz called from a plane asking that a tux be ready when he landed, or the regular occasions when Secret Service agents drop by for jackets a couple of sizes too large.
Last year, a former member of the State Assembly, Bruce Young, was convicted of mail fraud for concealing payments from a fireworks manufacturer who was seeking passage of a law prohibiting California cities from banning fireworks.
At the worst hour, from 2:15 P.M. to 3:15, 960,000 calls were blocked in the eastern half of the country, producing only a fast-busy tone for the caller, Mr. Nelson said.
But the prosecutors and defense lawyers were considered far enough apart that Drexel has not yet begun settlement discussions with the S.E.C.
''You can get some good bargains there, especially in the meat market.''
His face was badly bruised and bleeding, she said, and his ankles and wrists were badly lacerated.
Now the New York City Partnership, a private, nonprofit group that sponsors construction of affordable housing on city-owned land, has produced an analysis of construction techniques, called ''The Partnership Cost Study,'' that makes a case for low-rise construction on economic grounds.
''In Italy,'' she added, ''artichokes are sold with long stems and leaves intact because the leaves wilt the fastest and it's the best clue to freshness.''
Federal and state governments will spend an estimated $2.4 billion buying AZT alone from 1987 to 1992, the petition said.
(International Mountain Equipment), Post Office Box 494, Main Street, North Conway, N.H. 03860; 603-356-7013.
The jury awarded him second place points for his gallantry, the position he was in when he spotted an exhausted Singapore 470 sailor, who had fallen off his boat and drifted away in rough weather.
Drawer 609, Carlisle, Pa. 17013; telephone 717-243-0063.
A caption today in the highlights section on page 15 of the Television section refers to Mark Gastineau's scheduled performance in a football game this afternoon between the New York Jets and the Miami Dolphins.
Since President Reagan evidently did not agree his obligations to keep Congress informed under the War Powers Resolution had been activated by military events in the Gulf, the judge said Congress should pass a new law declaring the 1973 resolution in effect.
But net-interest income at Manufacturers Hanover, Chase Manhattan, J. P. Morgan and Continental Illinois continued to suffer because of the banks' loans to Brazil.
But they seemed to bear the company no ill will.
''I have sometimes described myself as a new kind of hyphenate, not a producer-writer or a writer-director but a director-detective, because I was involved in these two separate enterprises -making a movie and investigating an unsolved, or, if you like, incorrectly solved murder.''
Saxophonist Pete Christlieb often works with drummer Louis Bellson.
Stars are followed by the date of original publication; restaurants mentioned in Diner's Journal do not have stars.
''I had palpitations of the heart, what in Berlin they call 'nerves.'
William I. Freedman, founder of a customs-brokerage firm that transported sets and costumes for international theatrical troupes and opera companies, died of congestive heart failure Thursday at the Courtland Gardens Nursing Home in Stamford, Conn.
Dr. Martin Luther King Jr.
b-Net income The company said its lower earnings were due to a LIFO charge but did not provide the amount of the charge.
Today, few Brazilians seem to believe that the answer lies in simple choices between civilian and military rule or between leftist and rightist formulas.
Microsoft and Unisys also reported record results.
Look on the little town below, and on this ruined castle.
The core technology behind HDTV will also drive other electronics segments, like semiconductor manufacturing, telecommunications, computers, microprocessors and software, among others, industry experts say.
We have lists, one for plants, one for animals, on what's rare in the state.
''We derive a lot of our revenue from tobacco companies.''
Meanwhile, the Commodity Research Bureau index of futures prices slipped 0.59, to 260.04 of its 1967 base of 100.
Though he names Guy Liddell as M.I.5 supermole, this does not, he says, ''necessarily absolve'' the two other candidates - Roger Hollis, the former director general of M.I.5, or Graham Mitchell, his deputy.
The move is the latest in a series of diplomatic actions after Iran's decision on Monday to accept the terms of the year-old Security Council plan, Resolution 598.
Tickets range from $15 to $30.
The plan tries to balance growth and preservation; this, perhaps more than anything else, marks it as a product of its time.
''We call ourselves a hidden resource,'' Miss Peterson said.
Later that year, the disclosure that an extreme-right group in France, the National Inter-University Union, had received a $575,000 two-year grant from the endowment led to the suspension of the remainder of the grant.
Driving back from Mount Allan after the men's downhill, snow fell softly for about 10 minutes.
For a while, it looked as though several willful men could derail the Euromissile treaty and President Reagan's wish to make the treaty a centerpiece of his summit meeting in Moscow next week.
They were really in trouble, sliding around and falling.''
Mr. Lebow noted that, ''on Jan. 1, the U.A.E.
It is one of the oldest and most popular hotels on the island and books especially early.
Those taxpayers who fail to report income listed on Form 1099 or other reports made by financial institutions and employers could find themselves subject to a negligence penalty of 5 percent of the underpaid tax.
Criminal Court Judge Patricia Anne Williams officiated at the couple's home in New York.
FROM SUCH STUDIES, Dr. Flynn got a surprising result: without exception, those taking the I.Q.
Curators are usually there to inform themselves.
''O.K., let's get the bidding going,'' the auctioneer began as a 43-year-old Monticello lawyer ascended the podium, smiling at the crowd.
''Shamir is a centrist right-winger,'' said Shlomo Avineri, a political scientist at Hebrew University.
Also today, funerals were held for a British soldier killed by the I.R.A.
The Bank of England promptly raised a key lending rate by one percentage point, to 13 percent, and major commercial banks followed.
In a proxy statement issued Sept. 30, Lilco said that if it could not renegotiate its debts or obtain other financing, the ensuing cash shortfall would lead to a chain-reaction of defaults that ''would likely result in the company's bankruptcy.''
LEAD: *3*** COMPANY REPORTS ** *3* Network Systems Corp (OTC) Qtr to June 30 1988 1987 Revenue 30,999,000 30,551,000 Net inc 2,939,000 4,904,000 Share earns .10 .17 6mo rev 61,145,000 50,841,000 Net inc 5,788,000 6,049,000 Share earns .20 .21 View Full Article in Timesmachine 
The Book-of-the-Month Club has co-publishing ventures pending with Farrar, Straus & Giroux, Doubleday and Little, Brown.
Desire for More Data Dr. Moskowitz said in an interview that Dr. Wyngaarden's decision reflected the feeling of some members of the subcommittee, which met last July, that more data from animal experiments were needed before approval was given.
The great revelation in this department is a re-creation of the ''Fantasmagorie,'' a form of magic lantern show that originated in Paris in the 1790's.
Dropout Rates Declining Meanwhile, the percentage of high school dropouts has fallen from 40 percent to 23 percent for blacks, from 52 percent to 40 percent among Hispanic workers and from 14 percent to 8 percent among whites.
The Sonics scored the final 8 points in the last 1:19 after a Michael Adams scoop shot cut the Seattle lead to 119-117 with 1:41 to play.
Six months ended Dec. 31 1987 1986 Revenues $1,441,188 $1,107,035 Net Income 70,017 53,432 Earnings per share $0.13 $0.11 Year ended June 30 1987 1986 Revenues $2,218,890 $1,987,598 Net income 114,707 86,688 Earnings per share $0.26 $0.23 Total assets, June 30, 1987 $1,446,907 Current assets 940,367 Current liabilities 553,109 Long-term debt 297,306 Book value per share, June 30, 1987 $1.23 Stock price, Aug. 25, 1988 Australian Stock Exchange close 3.74 Stock price, 52-week range 5.11-2.82 Employees, June 30, 1987 29,800 Headquarters Melbourne, Australia.
In the summer, lifeguards are posted in raised wooden shacks every 250 yards or so along the 31 miles of bay shore.
When the original plan failed to win approval, the owner still had the option of renting the factory to another manufacturer until a more profitable use for the property could be found.
Three Republican Governors also appear safe: Michael N. Castle of Delaware, who faces Jacob Kreshtool, a retired labor lawyer; John Ashcroft of Missouri, whose rival is Betty Cooper Hearnes, a State Representative, and James G. Martin of North Carolina, whose opponent is Robert B. Jordan 3d, the Lieutenant Governor.
On her return, she had traveled in and out of the world's most exotic ports and had weathered significant storms.
Milt Capps, executive vice president of the firm, said he had ''no hard scientific evidence,'' but he cited a factor that ''seems to drive a good deal of scheduling'' in Washington: many members of Congress spend long weekends in their home districts and are here only Tuesday through Thursday.
BIG BOARD VOLUME Total share volume on the New York Stock Exchange for the year.
They include adrenaline and noradrenaline, but not monoamine oxidase.
Under a plea-bargain agreement with the Eden Prairie city attorney, a second count of indecent exposure was dismissed, according to his attorney, William Mauzy of Minneapolis.
Avoiding traffic is on his mind every morning when he charts a 35-mile 35-stop route to deliver home heating oil in western Nassau.
Her mother is the president of Edlaw Pharmaceuticals Inc. in Farmingdale, L.I.
In 1976 and 1986, he personally aborted two coup attempts.
For all the whispers about Jose Torres eventually emerging as Tyson's manager for boxing matters, Trump soon will be calling all the shots on boxing matters as well as finances.
Like no other program in the history of Indian television, the series - called ''Tamas,'' meaning ''darkness'' - appears to have hit a nerve, dredging up painful memories for the elder generation and educating the younger about the carnage at independence in 1947.
We do not know if they are concentrated in one place.''
The first stamps issued for Danzig were German definitives overprinted ''Danzig''; it was not until 1921 that stamps were inscribed Freie Stadt Danzig.
To do it without worrying is a big thing.''
'Dollar's Worth of Security' In what appeared to be another preview of this week's message, he stressed his ''very strong commitment'' to the North Atlantic Treaty Organization, to conventional military forces and to the nation's strategic ''triad'' of nuclear missiles launched from land, sea and air.
''It is a critique, not an attack.''
Mr. Hawkins was dismissed last week by Acting Gov.
Housing starts plummeted 15.8 percent in December, the sharpest monthly decline in more than three years, and drifted 1.2 percent lower in January.
''We hardly did anything between October and February,'' Dr. Rosenwald said.
When everybody's listening to an earpiece [ and ] all of a sudden a voice cuts through and says, 'Wait a second!'
All other cuts are announced matter-of-factly on a daily basis.
''And with a degree of accepted and reasonable pride, they connect their heritage to their mother country and where they are now.''
His wife, Teodorina, and daughter, Carlota, serve as editor, business manager and shipping department, Mr. Zimmerman said.
Rather than speeding straight into a street, they often slowed to let a vehicle pass before rushing onward.
''Yeah, and it gives us a chance to get lots of autographs!''
''We were told the last time we replaced the glass, 'Don't come back anymore,' '' said Hobart G. Cawood, superintendent of the park.
also on CBS; and of Martin Short, who has animated the tragically exuberent Ed Grimley, Short's character from ''SCTV'' and ''Saturday Night Live,'' and brought him to NBC on Saturday morning.
Last fall, for example, there were heavy storms in October.
The Ethiopian Government has neither the intention of starving its own people, nor is it using food as a means of settling insurgency problems, as you allege.
We want to intercede, to warn them of all that is at risk, to remind them of all that is valuable.
In the second, Strawberry struck out, but Howard Johnson drove Brian Fisher's first pitch over the fence in right field for his 13th home run and a 1-1 tie.
What marks the coming season, most of all, is a new receptivity - the realization that pop's many audiences are eager to hear the unexpected.
''At any hour, day or night, you could see 60 to 70 prostitutes on the street corners at the northern and southern approaches to the city .
Richard Theuer, the man Nestle chose to replace Hoyvald, promises to keep that door open.
It requires little in the way of equipment and can be carried about from place to place and combined with other tasks such as memorizing one's lessons or watching babies.
When he returned, I asked for a pinot grigio, to which he barked, ''Don't have it.
As is traditional at the cathedral, there will also be a staged performance of Bach's ''St.
Last night, as the USA/Mobil outdoor championships ended, he received his world-championship medal in a special ceremony.
Preston Robert Tisch was named yesterday to the board of CBS Inc., where his brother, Laurence A. Tisch, is chief executive.
In their panic they would see the loop's remaining part curve away from them.
And Bob Fass, towering over Miss Malina, is a fine Leo, especially when he goes limp in abject adoration of Esther and then rages that he cannot stand her because she makes him feel ugly.
This, he said, has led to several products, particularly a line of high-speed modems to transmit data and I.B.M-compatible data communications controllers that make it possible to create low-cost long-distance networks.
At American Joe's, the drinks are mixed with politics.
Anguished by his rejection, his first wife, Olga Koklova, grew increasingly deranged, and Dora Maar suffered a breakdown that caused her to be subjected to devastating electroshock treatments.
The 22-year-old is responsible for ''Caught in the Middle With No Way Out,'' which begins March 3 at the Harold Clurman Theater.
IT'S SUNDAY AFTERNOON and Sue Gin is watering plants on the roof deck at Bill McGowan's Georgetown house, a marvel of modern design behind a historic facade.
With the score 95-78, he scored 9 of the Hawks' next 21 points.
Her father is the senior principal in the real-estate department of Panell Kerr Forster, accountants in Chicago.
As one of the managers at the Waterfront Market put it: ''I have to hit up a couple of ladies when I see them on the street.
No Exclusive Power He added that the United Nations must also demonstrate its impartiality by ending its insistence that the South-West Africa People's Organization is the ''sole and authentic'' representative of the Namibian people.
In addition to the neighborhood's ambiance, the comparatively low cost of these former loft buildings is another drawing card.
A Mixing of Vocations While some intellectuals think he has sold out to politics and many politicians still view him as an intellectual, at the age of 56 Mr. Cardoso believes the two vocations can be mixed.
The suggested cooking times given in recipes should not be followed slavishly, because they will vary with the amount of coal, the kind of wood used and the quantity of food being cooked.
The former Minnesota Senator made his announcement in Philadelphia in front of Independence Hall, declaring that the Consumer Party is ''the kind of popular movement that was manifest here 200 years ago, and the time has come for another Declaration of Independence.''
Because ''they'' becomes all of us.
seems certain to greet any clone that uses it.
The armrests are also poorly thought out, with indented door-pulls directly and painfully under your elbow.
The survey was conducted from Feb. 14 to April 25.
But they say the approach has changed: As often as not, the doctor acts as a team leader.
- Victor Brombert, professor of romance languages and literatures and comparative literatures, Princeton University.
You stand there a while and remember.
The restaurant has a limited wine list carrying some good, well-priced French table wines under the labels of Bocuse, Lenotre and Verge.
The dialogue occasionally sounds like chopped Pinter.
Dr. Green said he had no plans to impose a controversial program he started in Minneapolis in which kindergarten-age children, who were assessed not to be ready for first grade by their teachers, were held back a year for improvement in basic skills.
The other idea is an offshoot of Fay's Big Boat.
Bob Leinbach of the Clark County Fire Department said fire fighters were transporting 40,000 gallons of water into Henderson by truck because the city's water supply was quickly depleted, Highly Volatile Fuel Ammonia perchlorate allows the rocket fuel to burn rapidly, thereby producing the thrust for rockets.
This attitude became basic to Al-Anon.''
Some critics argue that the plan increases the economic segregation of neighborhoods, by encouraging market-rate housing in Manhattan and low-income housing elsewhere.
After the ruling, Irving stock rose $1.625, to $69.75, reflecting Wall Street's belief that the takeover would succeed.
The art can very well speak for itself.
It has no impact on the deficit.
D1 733 United Nations soldiers who died on peace-keeping missions in troubled areas of the world were remembered in a ceremony in Oslo, Norway's capital.
He also plans to discuss the possibilities of medical programs for Vietnamese exposed to American defoliants in the war, the release of political prisoners from re-education camps and their eventual emigration to the United States, and ways to expedite emigration for Amerasian children sired by United States soldiers.
The circulation of the paper has remained constant for five years at about 20,000, but the number of pages has doubled from 8 to 16 because of increased advertising.
Northern Westchester is a not Manhattan.
1979 Cincinati Delta 68 37% Detriot Northwest 65 20* Houston (IAH) Continental 72 17 Minneapolis Northwest 82 40 Pittsburgh US Air 83 48 ST. Louis Trans World 82 43 Salt Lake City Western 71 42 *Differnet carrier dominant in 1979.
Tall, elegant, silver hair combed back and curling over pin-striped collar, he deftly extracted details that created a picture of the chaos that prevailed in the war-torn Balkans in the early 1940's: civilians killing Germans, guerrillas executing prisoners of war, partisan factions fighting each other.
When customers walk into either company's stores, they are given a map of the layout and a tape measure.
It will definitely not solve New York City's (or any other place's) welfare, housing and mental-health problems.
Ms. Kane, a clinical social worker, attributes the low enrollment to denial on the part of families with a member suffering from Alzheimer's.
''Fundamentally, it turned out to be cost,'' he said in describing what factor tipped the balance toward G.E.
KUWAIT PETROLEUM COMPANY* Year: 1981 What They Bought: Santa Fe International Bought From: Shareholders Year: 1983-1984 What They Bought: Refining and marketing in Holland, Belguim, Luxembourg, Denmark and Italy Bought From: Gulf Year: 1986 What They Bought: Marketing companies in Britain Bought From: Hays Group Year: 1987 What They Bought: Distribution and marketing system in Britain Bought From: Ultramar; Nafta Year: 1988 What They Bought: Lubes plant and distribution system in Italy Bought From: Montedison Year: 1987 What They Bought: Distribution system in Denmark Bought From: BP PETROLEOS DE VENEZUELA Year: 1983 What They Bought: 50 percent of German refinery complex in joint venture with Veba Oil Company Bought From: Veba Year: 1985 What They Bought: Lease of Curacao refinery (formerly Shell refinery) Bought From: Southland Year: 1986 What They Bought: 50 percent of Citgo (Lake Charles refinery complex and extensive distribution and marketing system) Bought From: Southland Year: 1986 What They Bought: Ruhr Oel, joint venture with Veba, expaned to two other refineries, pipelines, and petrochemicals comlex Bought From: Southland Year: 1986 What They Bought: 50 percent of Nynas (shares in four specialty refineries in Sweden and Belgium) Bought From: Axel Johnson Year: 1987 What They Bought: 50 percent of Champlin Refining Company (Corpus Cristi refinery complex plus distribution system) Bought From: Union Pacific STATOIL (NORWAY) Year: 1976-1980 What They Bought: Norsk Olje (with partners) Bought From: BP Year: 1985 What They Bought: Marketing and distribution in Sweden Bought From: Exxon Year: 1986 What They Bought: Marketing and refining in Denmark Bought From: Exxon PEMEX (MEXICO) Year: 1979 What They Bought: Petronor (partial interest) in Spain Bought From: Petronor LIBYA Year: 1983 What They Bought: Refining and marketing in Italy Bought From: Amoco Year: 1987 What They Bought: Marketing and distribution in Italy Bought From: Texaco/Fintermica *Does not include Kuwait's 22 percent stake in the stock of British Petroleum.
If she had been born to parents from Kano state, the northern heartland of the Hausa and Fulani tribes, she would have sailed into a Unity School with a score as low as 151.
Another bailout could be near, involving the troubled American Savings and Loan Association of Stockton, Calif., a unit of the Financial Corporation of America.
But the point is to encourage, not to punish.
Some of them suffer from a little post-nasal drip and they take an antihistimine once in a while, and most of them don't even take anything.
No visa is required for United States citizens, and connections are easiest from Istanbul or Ankara.
$152,500 5 Buick Drive 5-bedroom, 2 1/2-bath, 19-year-old colonial; dining room, basement, 1-car garage; taxes $2,300.
Stands and Markets Fruit and vegetable lovers can taste tropical produce at a dozen open-air stands on Krome Avenue between Kendall and Florida City, where produce straight from the field may also be sold from the backs of trucks.
The choreographers, both skillful and attractive performers, seemed at times to be enacting a ritual, but if so it was a private one.
They apparently do it because it keeps their tax rates low.
The goal is to find new ways to hold magnet parts more firmly in place.
The reds are mostly unappreciated.
Although there was concern about the future, the figures still point up the economy's residual strength, following a striking upward revision in economic growth to an annual rate of 3.9 percent in the first quarter.
Mr. Dukakis himself did a series of interviews by satellite from Boston for early evening news shows in Colorado, Pennsylvania, Michigan and Montana.
Alan C. Greenberg, chairman of the firm, said yesterday that his firm began such trading after Alan Greenspan, chairman of the Federal Reserve Board, testified in May that the strategy added liquidity to markets.
With a generosity and optimism so agreeably American, the company has been celebrating its own in grandly hectic style - mounting ballet after ballet, night after night, all to music from this country.
The Soviet plan is to send a spacecraft to orbit the planet and another to land on the surface for detailed geological and biological exploration.
It also publishes Family Circle, Family Circle Great Ideas Series, Snow Country, Decorating Remodeling and Child.
Sales rose 25.6 percent, to $235.3 million from $187.2 million.
''The nation's economic situation is hard, and strikes do not help,'' he said.
Even the altering of man-made artifacts, like inserting bridges into a causeway so water can pass underneath, is considered temporary until the impact on the lagoon is measured.
To the Editor: As one who feels strongly that the right to die is as sacred as the right to live, I object to Mark Siegler's use of loaded words to espouse his views in ''The A.M.A.
The hesitancy largely reflected the ambivalence of William S. Paley, the CBS founder who bought Columbia Records, the flagship label of what became CBS Records, in 1938, and had spoken of it, even half a century later, as ''my baby.''
Aundray Bruce of the Atlanta Falcons, the No.
The farewell is a chili tasting and judging with bluegrass music.
The early starting time here, during prime viewing time in the United States, is a fortunate coincidence for the American network that paid so much money for the rights to these Games.
It might have been less of a problem if he and Mr. Hogwood had taken the slow movements at the considerably faster tempos that seem to have been typical of the period; they considered it, the program notes tell us, but except in the Fourth Concerto (the Orpheus one), they don't.
Rodney Strong, the president, is among those seeking control of the winery and its valuable vineyards.
This phrase is at the heart of both the film and the prize-winning cinematic trilogy titled ''Where To and Back,'' of which ''Santa Fe'' -currently at the Film Forum - forms the second part.
Mr. Dukakis's Cabinet Secretary for Public Safety proposed such a system two years ago.
Then she re-strung a racquet, tried it and decided she was on to something.
He sent his specimen to the State Museum, where it was positively identified last year.
GETTING BETTER: Inside Alcoholics Anonymous.
> * Avery Inc., New Brunswick, N.J., said its board had agreed to sell the company's Uniroyal Chemical subsidiary.
Since then, some black New Yorkers, like Mr. Dinkins and Hazel N. Dukes, the president of the state chapter of the National Association for the Advancement of Colored People, have issued cautious statements that seek to separate Mr. Sharpton's civil-rights advocacy from his law-enforcement activities.
But, later on, we'll sometimes see something unusually high while monitoring the substations and, when you make a few quick phone calls, you find out that a new industrial park or condominium project went in a lot faster than planned.
Complex family relationships in South Carolina's low country and New York City.
You know how it is in these parts: you step into a shop and all of a sudden the shopkeeper is your newest best friend.
Residents' theories explaining the high level of political activity abound, from the effects of a racially integrated environment to those of the close living quarters to the frequent visits by professional politicians who know a large voting bloc when they see one, even if it is by no means monolithic.
Daniel Knipe and contained route instructions for the pack train.
No detailed polling has been done in Arkansas, but both campaigns say Mr. Bush leads by a slim margin.
I doubt that anybody in the Bush family does either, including the Vice President.
In an extraordinary gesture of support, Mr. Moses said, South Carolina Educational Television, which is the program's chief underwriter, independently sent a copy of the program to every PBS station, in the hope that first-hand knowledge of the program, which tackles such subjects as the rights of children in psychiatric institutions, will turn the vote around.
In late June and July, the dollar rose sharply against the German mark, but that advance was slowed by heavy selling by the central banks.
''A company has to adapt to changing market conditions,'' he said.
He said that Mr. Foglia was ''careless about his friends,'' a reference to Father Gigante, whose brother, Vincent, is a convicted organized-crime figure.
58, in Carroll Gardens, and some children attend P.S.
Furs were important, but his models did not submerge in them; his small, shaped jackets were shown plain or given the requisite touch of luxury with sable cuffs or chinchilla sleeves.
Some cosmetics companies entirely avoid the word cellulite.
Don't forget, ''The Cosby Show'' was turned down by two networks before NBC took it.
The rebound from Moller's slap shot sat unclaimed in the slot while Hrudey tried to fight his way to it.
As they slowly froze, they periodically performed simple tests to see how their bodies were functioning.
And yet the township continues to press a court action that is stalling a nonprofit group's plan to build 255 subsidized apartments.
He had a few tight scrapes and remembers parachuting from a plane one day in 1936 after the controls failed.
Miss Asakawa has an eloquence of gaze and gesture reminiscent of Miss Graham herself.
This adds up to slightly better than a two-in-three chance, a good proposition at any type of scoring.
Justice Kenneth Shorter of the New York State Supreme Court rules properly that New York City's jailers don't have to shackle ailing prisoners in general population wards of city hospitals.
''The athlete is not concerned with line and form,'' he said.
Sweden won the title for the first time in the 11-year history of the tournament.
It took the Patent Office nearly four years to approve Patent No.
Later, in the interview, the Senator said that the Republicans were staying away from the press because ''they don't want to take any chance of tilting it any way,'' adding, ''They think they've won.''
Yet the academics quoted are those whose names have appeared repeatedly over the years in antirail articles.
After the series win last year, we wondered if she would ever again find excitement so great.
The reason for all this is to impress upon booksellers and the publisher's own sales force the house's commitment to the book - a commitment that can pay dividends at bookstore cash registers and in the paychecks of the sales reps.
There was a Gay Student Union, but he was ''too terrified even to read the posters,'' he said.
When a black soldier dreams it, the garden club ladies are all black.
Mr. Feldberg is to end his summation this morning.
Commissioner Stern was asked why he relied on his son's description without availing himself of the experience.
The house we recently bought has a wood deck that has been painted with opaque paint in a redwood color.
Doctors and clinic officials say they are obliged by the ethics of their professions to offer such counseling and referrals.
In some regions, those rates are now below 10 percent.
They had thought the situation would end by now, but it has not.
Premier looks and feels like an ordinary cigarette, but does not burn tobacco and therefore produces none of the tars that have been associated with lung cancer and other diseases.
* Intel Corp., Santa Clara, Calif., a computer company, and Telefunken Electronic G.m.b.H., a unit of Daimler-Benz A.G., Stuttgart, West Germany, a car company, said they would jointly design and manufacture components for Daimler-Benz.
''I have instant amnesia of bad shots,'' Brue said afterward when asked how that shot affected the rest of his round.
LEAD: *3*** COMPANY REPORTS ** *3* McGrath Rentcorp (OTC) Qtr to March 31 1988 1987 Revenue 8,442,871 7,300,811 Net inc 1,772,814 1,216,338 Share earns .41 .28 View Full Article in Timesmachine 
One-seventh of the communities in Massachusetts have partly contaminated water and one sixth have water too salty for some to drink, says Gerard A. Bertrand, director of the Massachusetts Audobon Society in Lincoln, which endorsed the trip.
The chain made its initial public offering in May 1987, at $15 a share, and the issue was oversubscribed.
As a resident of Rowayton and then New Canaan from 1952 to 1969, the painter is entitled to his billing, ''Jimmy Ernst, a Connecticut Artist.''
He said it was from the credit card application.
In others - including the Advanced Tactical Aircraft program, one of the Navy's biggest projects for the 1990's - it has meant letting contractors know from the beginning that two companies would vie for the lion's share of the production each year.
''An observer could conclude that Seymour's speaking career might be enhanced by the harshness of the Deaver sentence,'' he said.
Candlelight tours will be given from 6 to 8 P.M. on Dec. 28, 29 and 30.
I offered to coach Wendy and to act as her manager in the playoff later that week.
Nine players were eligible to accept salary arbitration from their 1988 teams, including Mike Flanagan with Toronto, Rick Honeycutt with Oakland and Jim Gantner with Milwakee.
In announcing the agreement, the European Space Agency Council authorized its director general, Reimer Luest, to sign a memorandum of understanding with James C. Fletcher, the administrator of NASA, in the near future.
The surviving child, now 9 months old, was taken from his parents after the death of his twin brother last October and is now ''thriving'' in a foster home, said the judge, Joyce L. Sparrow of Family Court in Brooklyn.
''The Reagan administration came in on a tide of fear, but it is going out in a season of hope, and the dangers its partisans predicted never came to pass.''
Andrea Gargiulo, a Boston lawyer, said that in being excluded from the clubs, woman are more apt to be excluded from powerful positions like partnerships in law firms.
If someone in the home or near you at the office has a cold, viruses will quickly return.
She designs only cocktail and evening clothes and does not go in for fireworks.
Elizabeth Dole, at Harvard Law School in 1965 a few years after Michael Dukakis, was repeatedly accused by fellow students of taking a place away from a man.
ADVERTISERS AND OTHER ASTUTE PROPAGANDISTS know that guilt is one of the great motivators.
But if the Knicks had retained their lottery choice, they wouldn't have used it to draft the St. John's point guard.
So, Mr. General Secretary, allow me to raise a glass to the work that has been done, the work that remains to be done.
The building had been without heat for a day, according to the city.
Butterfly'' won the Outer Critics Circle award yesterday for best Broadway play, and ''The Phantom of the Opera'' was named best Broadway musical.
But those who've manufactured and sold copies of our shoes suffered even greater disappointments.
's old line of personal computers: the PC, XT and AT.
There is also the likelihood that a new bidder may emerge.
A year ago, he said, the disease was unheard of that far out at sea.
The state has voted for the Republican in each of the past four Presidential elections, even though both Democrats and unaffiliated voters outnumber Republicans here.
He said he would not promise and promise and borrow and borrow.''
Investigated by the S.E.C., Elias has the illusion that he will be protected just because he's been admitted to Manhattan's most exclusive club.
But even if the Peronist candidate, Carlos Menem, is elected, some reduction of the state sector can be expected.
If a test could tell that the child I carry is schizophrenic or autistic, conditions that are my two personal demons, what would I do then?
Student Complained to Police Sgt.
''He's seen us six times and we've always enjoyed performing for George Bush,'' Mr. Strauss said.
He chose the furniture, the fabric, even the paint colors for us.
The grandfather answered that he had none.
Shortly before the settlement proposal was announced, intense lobbying efforts had been made by some executives loyal to Michael R. Milken, the head of the ''junk bond'' operations in Beverly Hills, Calif. A number of senior executives said they felt that the firm had betrayed Mr. Milken, who was the focus of the Government's two-year inquiry and the force behind Drexel's enormous successes in financing some of the largest corporate takeovers.
The question is, do public lands have inherent water rights or do they have to depend on the largess of upstream users?''
Emanuel Goldman, a beverage industry analyst at Montgomery Securities in San Francisco, commented: ''This is old hat to people in the industry, but might come as a surprise to others.
He earned $16,800 for his owner, Pen-Y-Bryn Farm, and returned $5.20, $3.60 and $2.40 for $2 across the board as the favorite in the field of Seven.
She expressed ''great concern'' about drug use by youths in these countries.
STAGING O'NEILL: The Experimental Years, 1920-1934.
''To be able to learn their way of teaching their techniques and their reasons for dancing.
Nonetheless, many obstacles remain, such as conflicting auto emissions requirements and differing standards for testing new drugs.
In 1946, Allan Bloom entered the University of Chicago.
Californians are flattered by these joint ventures, which seem to recognize their accomplishments and potential.
Dr. Samir Geagea, leader of the Christian militia known as the Lebanese Forces, vowed to do whatever is necessary to stop the ally of Syria, Suleiman Franjieh, from declaring his candidacy to succeed President Amin Gemayel.
Double room from $176 plus service.
Who could forget that first date: the tingling sensations of excitement, the nervous exhilaration, the anxiety of remembering the proper way to look, act, speak and oh-my-gosh, did I forget aOything?
The parkways became parking lots.
Other studies have shown that multiple sclerosis patients do not have any unusual prevalence of antibodies to HTLV-1, a strong indication that the virus is not a factor in that crippling disease.
Elway, meanwhile, said he wished people would let him forget that scoring drive.
As for the programs, they stray hardly at all from the tried and true: Schubert's ''Auf dem Strom,'' for soprano, horn and piano at the opening concert next Sunday, is something of a novelty, perhaps, but otherwise the repertory is gloriously standard, including the Piano Quintets of Dvorak and Schumann, the Debussy String Quartet and other works by Bach, Haydn, Mozart, Beethoven, Brahms, Schumann and Dohnanyi.
Your letter itself did not concede that political imprisonment is evil, did not even really acknowledge its existence.
Taylor's second goal, 5 minutes 57 seconds into the third period, gave the Kings a 5-3 and triggered a five-goal uprising in the final 14:03.
but time and chance in all.''
''Sensitivity in design affects everyone,'' he added.
The interviews seem dull and dreary at first, but the voices of the poor ring out with piercing poignancy from some of the later pages: ''The day I sold the last of my livestock was probably the saddest day of my life,'' says an ex-farmer in Creighton, S.D.
The wall, a brick sentinel that shields one world from another, stands as a symbol of sweeping change and resultant bitter divisions in London's once-derelict dock area.
''People are always worried about break-ins from the garden,'' she added, ''but the gardens are all separated by high walls, which are not very well suited for carrying TV sets over.''
The decision was prompted by a State Department of Health report charging the hospital with giving inadequate care.
His father is president of DeTurk, Rich & Company, management consultants in Stamford, Conn.
Owens and Louis were more than just sports stars.
Haven't seen anything like it in 25 years of public life, George Bush's negative TV ads: distorting my record, full of lies, and he knows it.''
At NASA's history office, the concerns are more contemporary: The agency is looking at the history of the space station program.
The future bridegroom, a residential broker with Douglas Elliman, Gibbons & Ives in New York, graduated from St. Paul's School in Concord, NJ., and Yale University and recieved an M.B.A. from New York University.
A Congressman who knows Mr. Tunnermann well said: ''He was not allowed to be effective here.
And it's just to die when they have subway tokens in their penny loafers.
'Progressive' Contracts While Chrysler plants in Newark, Del., and Detroit are among the six plants with modern agreements, Mr. St. John said plants in Sterling Heights, Mich., and Belvidere, Ill., are the only ones with ''progressive'' contracts.
A lower dollar makes imports more expensive in the United States and exports more competitive abroad.
To hide the location of the missile, the military would move the MX missile about the countryside on rail cars, while the Midgetman would be moved on roads in specially designed vehicles.
Seeking moisture, they attack the mouth and eyes.
Some guests show up every other week or so and sample brunches elsewhere in between.
Thus, such leaders as Mohandas Gandhi and Martin Luther King expected and endured imprisonment.
Someday we'd like a rooftop conference center where we and other nonprofits can work together and do more long-term planning, making life better for the people of this city.''
Kevin Berry had 15 points for Army (1-1 and 4-4).
''I'm very happy that we're started,'' Dr. Miller said.
We'll give him the rights to Sandstrom-Brown II in exchange.
Missouri Attorney General William Webster's office had sought to have the stay lifted.
Difficulty of Diagnosis Ulcerative colitis and Crohn's disease can mimic each other as well as appendicitis and other diseases.
As a result of a last-minute compromise, the trade pact now before Congress includes a provision specifying that Canadian manufacturers seeking duty-free sales in the United States must prove that at least 50 percent of their vehicles' value was incurred in ''direct costs of manufacture'' in North America.
He said in a telephone interview, that while some of his data supported the predictions of the greenhouse models, others did not.
Based on an analysis of income levels, discrimination against Asians has declined dramatically since the 1960's and does not appear to be widespread in the American labor market, according to a study by the United States Commission on Civil Rights.
182, but he is originally from Port Washington, L.I., and usually raises the level of his game when he is near home.
For the last eight seasons - with few exceptions - Lou Carnesecca of St. John's, Rollie Massimino of Villanova, John Thompson of Georgetown and Jim Boeheim of Syracuse have controlled the benefits that come with success - players and power.
''A vial that costs $5 in New York is $10 here.
The article pretended to analyze the value of a ''social work intervention'' in which an asthmatic child was temporarily separated from its parents in an effort to relieve the symptoms of an illness that is often psychosomatic.
The bill, which was prompted by the recent takeover of Irving Trust by the Bank of New York, would allow companies to ward off unwanted suitors by creating different voting rights for common shareholders.
No, we must organize our own production.''
Pakistan is the closest American ally in the region and a fellow supplier of aid to the guerrillas.
'A Three-Ton Armadillo' ''Denversaurus was probably a little like a three-ton armadillo with spikes,'' Dr. Bakker said in reporting the finding.
An 'Isolated Incident' The security officer said strict security controls are only carried out for ships going abroad or for the major cruise ships, and even in these cases personal baggage is not checked.
His brother adds: ''I remember one of them coming up to us and saying, 'We want you to be controversial, but at the same time we want everyone to agree with you.'
''Settler girl stoned to death,'' read the headline in Thursday morning's Jerusalem Post that was based, like the other initial reports, on the fragmentary accounts of the shaken Israeli children.
The reader comes away with a sense of an unfolding continuum of contemporary artists who, with different intentions during different decades, have consciously turned away from painted canvases and traditional sculptural methods to work with craft materials.
He earned $35,040 for Joseph Allen and returned $3.80 for $2 to win.
He said he had encountered ''unexpected difficulties,'' adding, ''I think the Iranian Foreign Minister has told you something about them.''
Fila tennis shoes are $42.50 compared to $70 north of the border.
The big car certainly has been handy, offering lots of room for my kids and my Labrador retriever.
Mall Properties Inc., a developer of shopping malls, sought Corps of Engineers approval in 1979 to build a two-story mall.
As Gunner integrates the bigoted pol's campaign headquarters, he comments on the staff's diversity: ''short and white, tall and white, fat and white.''
''The amount of energy that goes into preparing pieces like that takes too much time.
Two veteran members of the regulatory commission's staff said in separate interviews that a committee of agency officials had visited the Justice Department last month and informed its criminal division that top agency officials did not believe the allegations against the T.V.A.
Almost a dozen studies over the last seven years have confirmed this.
Shultz Leaves Wednesday Mr. Shultz is scheduled to leave Washington on Wednesday and return next Friday.
b-Included a gain of $174,000 on the sale of the company's Sterling Heights plant.
So, in addition to ''substituting'' for absent owners, the device can extend the limited capabilities of other products.
I hate to say it, but focusing single-lens-reflex cameras has never been a bunch of fun.
A man drew a .22-caliber revolver in the 28th Precinct station house in Harlem yesterday and pulled the trigger ''numerous times,'' but the gun misfired and a police officer subdued him, the police reported.
Final arguments in the monthlong Federal ethics trial of Lyn Nofziger were presented to the jury today and deliberations were expected to begin Wednesday.
Sentiment or nostalgia hold no sway in high-stakes real estate.
Mr. Haley's group requested that, in the event its proposed slate is elected to the board at CNW's June 14 annual meeting, Mr. Haley replace Mr. Wolfe as CNW's chairman and chief executive.
It blooms from late July through August; well, at least it would bloom except for .
In 1986, the trustees selected the second-place design, submitted by the Chicago architect Bruno Ast.
Still, he recognizes that art and commerce cross in his windows, and he strives to ring the cash register as he tugs the heart.
Jews see it as a living document, to be studied all one's life and to be understood on many levels.
The men arrested were identified as Ricky Pilson, 30, and Ruben Cadogan, 28, both of North Amityville.
With the purification techniques now becoming available, he said, more than 100,000 specimens might be stored in the same space.
Even if every woman were covered by some maternal health insurance, it wouldn't be easy to get all children off to a good start.
Take a rape, two varieties of incest and a case of adultery, one parricide and four other murders, a dead baby, a homosexual affair, a couple of what may be epileptic seizures and a con game, mix with five uninterestingly peculiar people and, as ''Stealing Heaven'' demonstrates, you have one excruciating evening.
The pilot of the Navy P-3 Orion radioed to a nearby merchant ship, but the ship found no one on the raft soon afterward.
''He told us to stop all that talk of how we were a young, developing team,'' Sauve said.
He is survived by his wife, the former Nancy Shaw; his mother, Mary Skelton of Barstow, Calif; 13 children, and 11 grandchildren.
The books are in Canada.
The undecided voters are thought to include many who are torn between a desire for elected democratic government and a fear of extremists.
The remark Nora made to Joyce is central to her character and probably central to his reason for clinging to her, even though his father had tartly predicted that it was she, because of being called Barnacle, who would cling to him.
2 spot for balance, and they speculate that Mr. Gorbachev hopes to maneuver him into a less powerful post.
''It was a job dealing with corporations, licensing of real estate agents and the registration of charitable institutions, but Mr. Carey changed all that,'' she said.
They enroll them in a variety of Little Leagues, Scouts, Y's, intramurals and other kinds of organized activities.
The only throwaways are obvious.
In one case four years ago he stunned many lawyers by fining the prominent Chicago firm of Kirkland & Ellis for failing to research a case fully.
What Anderson is at is manipulating the Detroit Tigers into contention when logic -and another supposedly gaping hole in the middle of the lineup - says they shouldn't be there.
The Congressional Office of Technology Assessment report refers to guidelines of the Association of Insurance Commissioners that prohibit insurers from considering sexual orientation of applicants.
The law requires that changes in voting laws in states that have shown a pattern of voter discrimination be cleared by the Justice Department.
''I do find it somewhat dangerous when things are prevented from reaching the public because of this censorship factor going in.
The International Committee of the Red Cross also condemned the Israeli action today and lodged a formal protest through the United Nations against Israel for what it called a ''grave violation'' of international law.
Kids' stuff is their specialty, with koalas and kangaroos in the $20-$30 range, colorful felt crib mobiles of animals for $13, parrot bibs, kangaroo washcloths, possum finger puppets, and such books as ''The Muddle-Headed Wombat'' and ''How the Kookaburra Got His Laugh.''
''Cat's Cradle'' will continue at the Studio Theater through May 28.
As they beat the mother and daughter they demanded to know, ''Where's the money!
I want to finish my career as manager of the Mets.
''Things happen as a result of need.
The conference, he said, should deal with ''a broad range of issues concerning peace, stability, progress and prosperity within the area.''
Unfortunately, I have seen many wonderful people with positive attitudes suffer and ultimately die.
Translated, the last meant that the council and its dinner underwriter, the Wool Bureau, let them eat cake.
Are these products less expensive than the metals they replace?
''We did it out of frustration because we couldn't get anyone to pay attention to the unbundling of fees,'' Mr. Russo said.
''I hope you don't create the impression that I left in a fit of pique,'' Mr. Andress said yesterday.
BOUZOUKIS & SEQUINS The floor shows are nonstop at the Asteria supper club in Long Island City and at the Grecian Cave in Astoria, two immense halls in Queens filled with table after table of Greeks of all ages intent on having a good time.
In the beginning, the reaction to goat cheese was 'yuk,' and I used to come only with my fresh cheeses.
But, he added, ''it is important to note that this 'vocabulary' may differ from the kind associated with human languages.''
To be committed both to this sense of predestination and to expressionist free will is something that fully tested Willem de Kooning and Jackson Pollock.
Sets Brazil Curbs Over Patent 'Piracy' '' (Business Day, July 23) may mislead many readers, relying as it does on such inaccurate, righteous expressions as ''patent piracy'' and ''the patent rights of American drug manufacturers.''
I'll be grieving, probably all of my life.''
WILLIAM SPANGLER Egg Harbor, N.J. A spokesman for the Finnish Tourist Board in New York replies: The single supplement, which this year is $18 on a $35 voucher, is standard practice.
Should the food processor tell you in a prominent label whether you're getting real cheese?
Shearson - itself virtually acquisition-proof since it is 60 percent owned by American Express - may still have a tough time working its magic on Hutton, which it acquired in December.
For his own part, he felt he had achieved what he had set out to do, perhaps not slaying the Szell dragon but at least taming it.
It would be dark in 15 minutes.
Many people seem to set specific, often idiosyncratic, rules that govern what foods they eat where.
But the war also held a visceral lure familiar to soldiers since the dawn of civilization.
To avoid searching for each word through its entire vocabulary data base, Sphinx uses a grammar model to prune the number of words it needs to search, based on a guess about which words might most likely follow words that have already been recognized.
''I watch to see if they're adapting, too, if they're comfortable, whether they have friends or are always alone during the breaks,'' she said.
Signal to Investors Some analysts see the higher level of reserves at the regional banks as a form of muscle flexing, a signal to investors that they can stand the big hits against their earnings and shareholders' equity.
John H. Sununu of New Hampshire, Mr. Bush's designated chief of staff, reports that some of the same people call every day, and every hour, hoping to get through to Mr. Sununu or a top aide.
Over the last few weeks, Mr. Hillerman, who lives in Albuquerque, N.M., has been interviewed on the ''Today'' show and Robert Redford telephoned to talk about putting Joe Leaphorn and Jim Chee on the screen.
''If that rate sticks around this level, I would think other banks will move to raise the prime,'' he added.
DESPITE HIS AF-finity for stories that dissect contemporary British society, cutting through the legacy of centuries of a rigid class system, Frears says he never set out to make movies that might cause him to be compared to England's ''angry young men'' of the 1960's.
According to the agency, four incidents have been reported in which the swings collapsed because the glue failed to hold the joints between the slats and frame.
Both Budddhism and Confucianism relegated her to an inferior status.
* An Epilepsy Foundation campaign has been developed by Klemtner Advertising, which has created eight consecutive campaigns for the foundation.
''It was only during the 1960's that the Democrats decisively endorsed civil rights,'' he said - ''the Kennedy and Johnson years.
Last Wednesday, as he considered how to handle the record number of inmates at the complex, Corrections Commissioner Norwood E. Jackson said that easy solutions were not in sight.
Distribution officials and even Japanese semiconductor companies said that those points are partially true.
Housekeeping standards relax; consider the rapid rise of no-iron fabrics, microwave ovens and tolerance for clutter around the house.
A botanist friend who dropped by told me my plants were experiencing plasmolysis: destruction of protoplasm caused by severe water loss.
One name being mentioned today was that of former Senator Birch Bayh of Indiana, a popular figure in the party.
When told of the opposition to a tax increase, the Mayor said such essential services as santitation and police protection would suffer.
For a while, Mr. Biraghi said, he was concerned that he might have reaped too much of a good thing.
At that time, Mr. Giuliani was also notified by the F.B.I.
Why not a movement to restore 59th Street?
In the two victories last week, 6-3 over Hamilton and 4-0 over Rochester Institute of Technology, the heroes were Terry Dixon and Tony Mongillo.
The local boards have long been criticized as being the source of political patronage and corruption.
On the stump, he pledges a ''radical reorientation of the national economy'' that will ''put an end to the misery and exploitation'' he says have emerged as a result of six years of mismanagement and malfeasance under President Miguel de la Madrid.
In fairness, she may have been simply trying to promote exercise, which can help many people lower their blood pressure.
The loans - made for commercial, real estate, energy and personal reasons - are among $5.2 billion in Continental Bank loans the F.D.I.C.
President Reagan has previously said that failure by the Senate to approve the pact in time for final signing in Moscow would have a ''chilling'' effect on the summit but, apparently in a shift in tactics, neither Mr. Shultz nor Senate Republicans put the situation quite that starkly today.
Shares of Federated Department Stores Inc. dropped $1.25 yesterday, to $57.875 a share, after the head of the Canadian concern seeking to buy the group said he would not pay more than $61 a share.
If the child is abused, the Government can step in to remove him from their custody.
Now, I don't think that we can be blamed for the deterioration that certainly began long before we were here.
A hunter in the vicinity, who later said he saw a deer in the scope of his high-powered rifle, fired two shots.
In 1977, a sealed indictment for involvement in drug trafficking was handed down against the brother of Gen. Omar Torrijos, the former Panamanian strongman and General Noriega's boss at the time.
However, since the sound is really produced by electronic chip, the synthetic sax can also be played by just fingering the keys, without blowing into it at all .
About six hours after liftoff, the astronauts successfully released the Discovery's main payload, a $100 million satellite that will be a critical link in a communications network for orbiting shuttles and other spacecraft.
If that is true, I wish he had simply said so in his review.
Almost everyone likes fairy tales.
New Jersey's attempt to stop suburban sprawl, redirect development to cities and older suburbs and organize new projects into compact centers with housing, shops and jobs is one of the most ambitious in the nation.
The bride, who will retain her name professionally, is a daughter of Norman W. Stewart and Dr. Ann Roberts Stewart of Lloyd Harbor, L.I.
His family was leaving its village in Poland at the end of World War II.
It served as the model on which the Backer & Spielvogel shop was fashioned: a few blue-chip clients, a single office, a lean operation and better salaries for better people.
The design and production of weapons require frequent judgments by the ultimate users of combat equipment, the military services.
Both bids would rely largely on borrowed money.
Mr. Schloss, a graduate of St. John's University and a certified public accountant, started the accounting department at the Long Island University School of Business in 1944 and was its head until 1958.
But his recovery may be an indication of Lyle's temperament as he bids to be recognized as the world's leading golfer.
Almost immediately after the convictions, Miss Corrarino took on their defense, ultimately convincing the State Court of Appeals that Peter Quartararo's confession should not have been admitted in the Brensic and Ryan cases.
Philadelphia cut the lead to 105-97 on a 3-point field goal by Scott Brooks with 4:20 left in the game.
Two veteran interior linemen - William Roberts, the left tackle, and Chris Godfrey, a guard - came to terms last week.
Agassi credits the change in attitude to his religious beliefs and sports psychology.
Family Service of Westchester, a countywide counseling organization, also has recognized the growing number of middle- and upper-management people who are without work.
''He has regularly planned visits with his mother,'' she continued.
''Tony O'Reilly's reputation absolutely towers above everybody else in Irish business,'' said Frank Fitzgibbon, the editor of Irish Business, a monthly magazine.
A spokeswoman for the protesters, Joella Costello, said the campus's response to the occupation had been ''really positive.''
You hear a melody as a whole.
He did not like to be tied to aprioristic ''doctrine,'' but was left in midair with human ''wisdom'' -and then proceeded in the long two volumes to expound traditional, though revised, Christian revelation.
An unfamiliar car appeared and slowed down.
It is the final stretch of the long Democratic nominating process before the New Jersey and California primaries bring it mercifully to a close on June 7.
Once in office as head of Government, he turned his attention to winning control of the party.
Representative Jack F. Kemp of upstate New York and Pat Robertson, the former television evangelist, each had the support of 6 percent, while Mr. du Pont got 3 percent and Alexander M. Haig Jr., the former Secretary of State, had 2 percent.
Goods haven't stopped being functional, but are more whimsically adorned.
With one abrupt and dramatic punch, Barkley exploited the wide-angle access Hearns gave each time he threw the left hook, and he nailed Hearns with a right to the jaw that changed the contours of Hearns's consciousness and of Barkley's future.
The report, made public Wednesday by the Center for Democratic Renewal, a clearing house for community efforts against racism, said, for example, that ''a largely spontaneous wave of homophobic violence appears to be sweeping the nation.''
* Edward S. Gordon Inc., a commercial real estate firm, appointed David W. Levinson executive vice president.
The sophisticated and harmonious food at Adrienne is as refreshing as a Mediterranean dawn.
The killer goes on a rampage, first trying to take out his boss.
''The festival will highlight diverse approaches to music making,'' the marketing director, Paul Brenner, said, ''the various styles including music with lasers, environmental sound art, new wave, a bass clarinet choir, new-age healing music and a recital of new music for saxophone.''
I have yet to catch them donning mile-high socks and plastic shinguards at odd hours of the night.
The decision to help organize protests at Tompkins Square, they said, was rooted in a long series of legal and political battles with the police.
In addition, the receiving hospital would be required to be informed of the pending transfer and to agree to receive the patient.
These appointments are for life.
office here, setting a trial date for mainly technical questions to be resolved on the plan.
JoJo Townsell returned the first one 26 yards to the Dolphins' 26.
Last October, Inspector General John Martin of the Environmental Protection Agency warned that ash from the Philadelphia incinerators contained high levels of dioxin, which can increase the risk of cancer.
MOUNTAINS were everywhere: the Belknaps to the south, the Ossipee Range to the east, the Sandwich Range to the north.
is that matter has been blown off the surface of the visible star.
But, as Dr. Susan Denman, a clinical assistant professor of dermatology at the Oregon Health Sciences University, asks rhetorically, ''What is the final mediating agent of itch?
It would be the first deep-water oil well to be put into production along the eastern coast of North America.
Leading the field are Jan Miner, in drop-dead derby-day checks and derby, as racy Georgiana and Denis Holmes as Sir Tristram.
Elizabeth Ann Traynor, an associate editor at G. K. Hall & Company in Boston, was married yesterday in New York to Thomas Grasselli Fowler, a buyer with Shreve, Crump & Low the Boston jewelry and gift concern.
Peer teaching's long history goes back to the 17th-century Moravian school reformer John Amos Comenius, who offered the dictum ''qui docet, discit'' (he who teaches learns).
The whole writing system was designed to preserve the spoken language, but they became disassociated.''
It is no accident that many people are asking, how should we understand the fact that this article was published.
And she likes working for an American company, where she gets pats on the back for successes and slaps on the wrist for mistakes.
Halibut, Silvio Gardella, chairman of the White Plains Commission on Human Rights.
The most common complaint is about a nasty tone in some reviews.
The Eurailpass is valid as far as Brig/Visp, but useless south to Zermatt or east to Disentis -or for about half of the route of the popular Glacier Express, free with the Swiss Holiday Card.
That indicates that our training programs for soldiers and leaders, and corrective actions, have been effective.
The arms coming from the Soviet Union to Central America defy reason and betray our efforts for peace.
So are some, if not all, of the six police officers who have recovered from the wounds they received in the shootout.
LEAD: *3*** COMPANY REPORTS ** *3*OAKWOOD HOMES CORP (NYSE) Qtr to Dec 31 1987 1986 Sales 13,398,000 15,796,000 Net inc 841,000 1,131,000 View Full Article in Timesmachine 
Rather than referring to the reprehensible act as ''disappearing,'' it would perhaps be better to resurrect a little-used English word.
LAURENCE E. LEVINE New York, Sept. 7, 1988
The tariff bill was a big factor.
But traditional business cycle patterns have been reversed since the weakness of the dollar began to drive interest rates up, straining the sad remnants of family budgeting in the process.
It ought not impel the West to slow down or alter efforts to work with Mr. Gorbachev.
It could be that the flooring used was not properly nailed down in the first place, or that boards that are too wide were used.
That is precisely what Egypt, Jordan, Iraq and many Arab countries are contacting the Palestinian leadership about.''
''And the fact is that the scholar was not in disagreement with the principles of socialism, but with its distortion, a course leading to stagnation, corruption and a new cult.''
We feel that states must to some extent review their attitude to the United Nations, this unique instrument without which world politics would be inconceivable today.
10:53 A.M. On the Sides, an observer in the command room hears ''growing excitement and yelling'' about the possibility that the aircraft is commercial.
would be more widely used now that there were good data on its safety.
One such room, the Auditorium, is used for forums and special meetings, with guest speakers answering questions.
Sprawling across the mountainous western corner of the state is the 11th Congressional District, known here as ''the turnstile.''
So far this year he has taken off 15 days without pay and used all his vacation time to serve as an escort for Hidys and Howdys.
''Any Irish political leader will find it difficult to trust the leader of a British government for quite some time,'' The Irish Independent, a Dublin daily, stated in an editorial today.
He said that his client had not yet decided whether to appeal the decision.
toward moderation and a willingness for peace between Israel and a Palestinian state with security guarantees.
The group incorporated in 1986 as the Los Angeles Brewing Company, and at the end of 1987 made a $4 million stock offering.
Mr. Kong proved especially impressive in works that demand outgoing, bravura playing - Liszt's ''Rhapsodie Espagnole,'' Grainger's wild-eyed paraphrase on Tchaikovsky's ''Waltz of the Flowers,'' and the sober, incisive and fiery Second Sonata by Robert Muczynski.
There was a saying in the profession: ''Henselt kills.''
Dr. Fields said that the Strategic Computing Initiative, now reaching its midway point, was on target.
In the past, only cash income was counted, and capital gains were omitted.
It is fortunate that his art is not the only kind being made and shown these days.
When we began planning the partnership almost four years ago we didn't know these developments would be taking place, but the timing fits together very well with our efforts.''
Mr. Robinson said: ''We have obeyed all the laws, including hiring an archeologist to examine the ground for artifacts before we installed a drain.
But most experts believe this is more than just a marketing ploy.
These kippers are smoked over oak.
Do you seek enhanced comfort, for example, or improved appearance?
Their wives and children, he said, accept their absences as inevitable for career advancement.
Question of Force Seaman Apprentice Scott Riemer said he overheard someone say, ''Maybe we used too much force,'' during a meeting between two instructors and Lieut.
''With most of them, it seems to be a planned effort to avoid the AIDS test.
Thus ended the two-year career of a vessel that terrorized Union trading ships from South Africa to Singapore and China.
JOHN MARSHALL New York, Nov. 16, 1988 The writer is an anthropologist who has worked with the Ju/wa.
Speaking in Washington this week, Mr. Wright said the C.I.A.
As more and more companies bringing out Super-VHS models, the price of such VCR's is likely to drop under competitive pressure.
Asked whom they would choose between Mr. Bush and Mr. Dukakis in November, 6 of 10 said they would return to the Democratic standard-bearer.
United States will be Terry R. Lautenbach, 49 years old, who will also have the title of general manager.
Girls don't faint at the sight of blood.
But other jobs, like Mr. Robb's, are appearing in a myriad of small engineering and applied-technology companies that have emerged in recent years to service manufacturers' growing appetite for automation, computer design and technical services.
First Republicbank was rescued last month by $1 billion in aid from the Federal Deposit Insurance Corporation.
By comparison, the index rose 3.4 percent in the previous 12 months.
I think they are wasting my money.
''Rather as one looks at a graffiti artist in terms of chiaroscuro.''
''Fairway would have to pay Ford for the sunroofs, but Hertz isn't about to pay Fairway for equipment it didn't order.''
In a proposal to its pilots' union, Eastern Airlines has said that it can guarantee its ability to operate a fleet of only 211 planes - 22 percent fewer than its current fleet of 270.
The firm expects the overall market to move somewhat higher in the near term.
A few suits seen at a recent dinner at the New York Public Library and at a junior benefit at the Museum of the City of New York provided ample illustration.
Mr. Knoff was in charge of Christian education for the Council of Churches, the principal umbrella organization for Protestant and Eastern Orthodox church bodies in the United States, from 1952 until 1972.
In general, men have a higher risk of heart disease than women.
''The only thing is, customers now ask for 'the guy with the guns.'
Mr. Reagan's second choice for the vacancy, Judge Douglas H. Ginsburg, withdrew after nine days amid disclosures that he had smoked marijuana as a Harvard Law School professor.
The Scott Burton might seem to many people an up-to-the-minute eccentricity.
''She'll make reservations for four,'' he said.
's stated positions and build on them, said today that the American step was ''a very considerable step forward.''
Four receivers had a catch for 25 yards or more, including Vance Johnson, who caught a 55-yarder on a play when Elway had enough time to read the defense and write a review.
THE same is true about Mookie Wilson, who has memories of leading off and playing center field while the Mets were building toward a world championship.
Had Obtained Permits While Mr. Clifford and the state disputed the question of ownership in the courts, he agreed to apply for a state permit from the Board of Underwater Archeological Resources.
The television evangelist said through his lawyer Wednesday that he would defy the national leadership's order that he step down for a year.
(AP) -Glenn Tropf scored 21 points to lead six Holy Cross players in double figures as the Crusaders won the Metro Atlantic Athletic Conference game.
Although he said the investigation of the crash was not over, Mr. Mermaz said ''there is no evidence allowing us to call into question the proper functioning of the aircraft and the security of future flights of the A320.''
Those convicted can be sentenced to a year in prison and fined the equivalent of $1,380.
These days, when videotapes are being created on practically every subject, it comes as no surprise that both tuning the body and tuning the skis can be learned from a television screen.
The damage is no longer visible except in the photographs displayed in the ancient churches of Santa Maria Maggiore and San Pietro, the latter left outside the walls when the center of the city shifted in the 15th century.
Fried potatoes, creamed spinach and Everests of cole slaw round out the feast.
Passing in front of the Ducal Palace and crossing two bridges with the Bridge of Sighs and the Danieli Hotel on the left, you arrive at the equestrian statue of Victor Emmanuel, in front of which is the No.
New Yorkers may wind up doing even more calculations.
So Global Business will be mailed to executives, particularly in communications companies, who in the future can invest in the company or sell it a medium, or a legislator who could pass helpful legislation.
The reluctance of other big players may limit the scheme's effectiveness.
It's older than the Bomb.
England and the colt wintered at the Payson Park training facility in central Florida.
Records were also seized at the offices of Standard Tank Cleaning Corporation, which Mr. Edwards described as a sister company to General Marine that disposed of toxic waste chemicals produced by Consolidated Edison, the New York utility.
Jimmy Smits stars in this NBC thriller based on Elmore Leonard's novel about a Miami cop tracking the killer of a call girl through the casinos of Atlantic City and Puerto Rico.
There was a huge bouquet of flowers in a vase in the booth.
The president of Metro-North, Peter E. Stangl, who appeared to be angry during a news conference at Grand Central Terminal after the railroad had gone to court to stop the strike, said the walkout was an ''illegal and irresponsible'' act.
There has been some criticism of the three fugitives within the anti-apartheid movement, because they and a fourth detainee, Clifford Ncgobo, escaped while undergoing medical care at a Johannesburg hospital.
Thousands of lost jobs and wages in the wake of deregulation (airlines, banking, telecommunications) are ''good for the consumer.''
The most difficult lead for South is the queen of spades, but he can still survive.
Weeds sprout from gutters and vines crawl up along doorways that have been closed for nearly a decade.
The participants signed a joint statement that had been drafted by Mr. Brock's staff, committing themselves to lessening the tensions at Eastern so that the public might be less concerned about safety issues at Eastern, according to someone familiar with the statement.
Controlling corrosion of the material that deflects or absorbs radar beams is critical to retaining that ability, they said, declining to give details.
''When I think of creating a lobby, I want to give myself the feeling that I'm an apartment purchaser or a tenant coming home from work, and feeling at home in both my public and private space,'' Mr. Spitzer said.
On the mantel, in the dust where they have fallen or were slain, are the corpses of insects.
Crosby had a rich baritone, but unlike singers such as Armstrong, Holiday or Mr. Sinatra, he didn't easily rise above trite material.
Three sisters, separated by fate, and the lawyer whose mission is to find and reunite them.
For the last few months, the second- and third-ranking posts at the department have been filled by people awaiting official confirmation.
This is from her collection, ''Life On Earth'' (Linden/Simon & Schuster).
- Tony Podesta, a Dukakis campaign official, on California's suburban voters.
Ms. Krige said plans called for ''See You in the Morning'' to turn up in theaters in December.
Audience members - as many as 160 - traipse upstairs and downstairs after this or that actor of their choice, trying to figure out what is happening in the complicated household of the poet and seducer Gabriele d'Annunzio.
If he kisses him on his forehead, he becomes bright and clever.
An a la carte dinner averages nearly $43 a person.
Suspicion lurks, often justified, especially if the secretary says, ''I'll see if he's in,'' and comes back and says he isn't.
There has been little research over the years that sought to follow children with high cholesterol levels into adulthood and see how their health fared.
The allure of the work rests primarily in poetic movement rather than in the slowly changing visual relationships between the parts.
Tuna carpaccio was fresh and pretty with its garnish of scallions, red onions and lime, but it needed a dressing.
So let's hear it for an academic team, the New York State Bicentennial Commission Constitution champions, 14 juniors and seniors from Half Hollow Hills who can tell you more about the United States Constitution than you may ever want to hear.
I am confident through my renewed commitment to my family, teammates and the Redskin organization, and with Mr. Woolf's guidance, my most productive years as a person and a football player are ahead of me.''
Profusely illustrated history of the world, month by month, from 1900 through 1986.
''Somehow, and for no apparent reason, your decisions got tipped over and you lost your hold.
And the eyes of the dance community will remain upon the choreographers who created them, simply because award winners are expected to choreograph good new dances.
''Moving,'' which opened yesterday at the Criterion Center and other theaters, isn't anything out of the ordinary, but those who have shared at least some of these experiences ought to find it amusing.
If we suspend for a moment the specialized yardstick of what-used-to-be-left-out, apply more basic standards and try to derive simple musical pleasure from the singing, our tenors quickly run into trouble.
The Yankees will allow John Candelaria to decide whether he can pitch despite a sore right knee, but they have apparently told the left-hander that the option portion of his two-year contract will be renewed only if he agrees to continue working.
The station later said that it had paid the youth $10 ''for gas'' and that the payment did not violate its professional standards or ''strict guidelines of truth and accuracy.''
Many individuals, moreover, now invest in mutual funds rather than directly buying stocks.
Consisting of six sections bearing such Impressionist titles as ''Twilight,'' ''Midnight'' and ''Dawn,'' the work proved to be immediately digestible and pleasant enough of its genial type.
and I returned the ''two'' sign.
She told me the name of her gym teacher.
He has eight officers in patrol cars watching for illegal drinking before the games begin.
Do you think the attempt on your life could have been prevented?
Police and fire officials are investigating the fire as a possible multiple homicide, said Police Sgt.
But I want the challenge of guarding Schmidt again.
Mr. Durand said that though there were some fine items in the collection, especially furniture and porcelain, Mrs. Marcos seemed to have owned ''a mixed bag'' of goods.
100 Hurdles - Jackie Humphrey, Jacksonville, N.C. 400 Hurdles - Schowonda Williams, Altamonte Springs, Fla. 4 x 100M.
''They've been making jokes about him for awhile,'' said Wilson Morris, an aide to Jim Wright, the Speaker of the House.
They decided that a paid artistic director, one devoted to the Method system, had to be found.
This threatens the long-established policy of competitive bidding.
There is no doubt that financial rewards are the major - and, in most cases, only - consideration for overseas sports stars weighing whether to perform in South Africa.
It attempts to show the full range of the Senior PGA Tour star as he applies his philosophy of life to playing golf.
I'll open up my little cafe and just feed people.'
Ms. Vincent's supervisor was Dave Ishimoto, a Japanese-American, but she also came under the purview of Capt.
The camp, Huay Chan, with nearly 9,000 displaced civilians, is being dismantled and its inhabitants moved to several other Khmer Rouge-administered civilian settlements in the same area, more than 100 miles northeast of the Thai border town of Aranyaprathet.
The subcommittee said it had referred criminal allegations to the Inspector General of the Department of Health and Human Services for investigation.
We first came across it in the late 1960's on college campuses.
The ballet's title refers to a song the dancer sang in her childhood: ''The Great Wall stretches for miles and miles and miles.
Finally, because builders can double their money on spec second homes, why would they want to build affordable housing?
In 1985, he voted against a bill that would have provided full cost-of-living increases.
Morrell's Statement ''I can't understand how Government agencies can deliberately lie,'' Morrell's chairman, Milton J. Schloss, said this evening in a telephone interview responding to the contention of agency officials that the company had done little or nothing to improve its safety record since it had been cited by OSHA for workplace safety violations more than a year ago.
Drain and add to the beans.
Mr. Mecham delivered the letter to Secretary of State Rose Mofford on Friday evening, but asked her not to open it until 6 P.M. today.
A third formula that enjoys considerable support is for Mr. Garcia to appoint a respected independent figure as Prime Minister and allow him to form a multiparty Cabinet with authority to deal with the deepening economic crisis without interference by the President.
Land is available in the South Bronx, near transportation, for about $10 a square foot, Bronx officials say, and city-owned land for job-intensive industrial development can be had for about $6 a square foot.
It depends on whether the black is merely soot on the surface or if the paint has been charred.
The new building, developed by the DeMatteis Organizations of Uniondale, L.I., would take advantage of unused development rights from two adjacent two-story structures.
Simultaneous Translations The fact that the Anglican Communion is no longer an appendage of the Church of England or even of the English-speaking nations was underlined by the simultaneous translation of speeches here into the conference's five official languages - English, Spanish, French, Japanese and Swahili.
The agency regulating nationally chartered banks Thursday ordered its examiners to look for banks that have taken on too much of the risky, but lucrative, business of financing leveraged buyouts.
A report by a court examiner that was made public last month described a panel deeply divided over many issues critical to the disbursement of the fund.
Earlier this month, the State Legislature -which, as part of the deal, has been asked to give the New York Power Authority the ability to build gas-fired turbine power plants on Long Island to replace the 800 megawatts Shoreham would have generated - left Albany without acting on the deal.
87-107, the kind of outpouring of support for one side or the other that appears to be taking place could have some effect on its decision.
Even granting that ''Homeless in America'' does not aim to elevate its photographers at the expense of their subjects, what separates the majority of its pictures from previous documentations of ''street people,'' from down-on-their-luck alcoholics to power-to-the-people hippies?
The pictures, taken in Italy, show us buildings painted the kind of earthy red one finds in Old Master paintings.
Elected and community officials in the 103d Precinct were surprised last night and worried that open drug dealing would return once some 120 undercover officers and investigators left their neighborhood.
His other comic strips in circulation are ''Hi and Lois'' (for 34 years), ''Boner's Ark'' (20 years) and ''Sam and Silo'' (15 years).
The Los Alamos site, now being equipped with its futuristic electronics, should be ready in March.
''There have been cost savings from the increase in competition,'' said Senator Jeff Bingaman, a Democrat from New Mexico who is chairman of the Defense Industry and Technology subcommittee of the Senate Armed Services Committee.
Mr. Wheelock said no San Antonio workers would be dismissed, and he appealed to technicians not to quit.
The grim, fatalistic joke on art and humanity that encloses all others in this passage is the purpose of the demonic ''conference of the wise'': full of confidence in their arts and sciences, the devils and sinners are gathered to avert the flood expected by Methuselah's grandson Noah.
There, on a grassy airfield, he prayed in Hungarian, Croatian and German.
The statement said Leonard and Lalonde ''asked the WBC to consider them as candidates to fight for the vacant super middleweight title.''
At the end of last month 14,300 cases had been diagnosed in the city, about 24 percent of the national caseload.
Through his cerebral journeys, Mr. Hawking is bravely taking some of the first, though tentative, steps toward quantizing the early universe, and he offers us a provocative glimpse of the work in progress.
We inspect the vegetable garden and the flower beds, where love-lies-bleeding and thrift are waving in a light breeze.
His fresh pasta table, 16 square feet of baskets loaded with tortellini and other stuffed noodles, brings in $8,500 a week.
And the sound system in the theater made both bands sound as if they were playing at the bottom of a swamp.
She translated bathing suit and cat and please and good night and thank you and good morning and chocolate-filled croissant; she could ask the time and for Orangina and coffee and salt; she could say, Shut up.
Jordan imported American goods worth about $238 million in the first 11 months of 1987, compared with $200 million in the period in 1986, central bank figures show.
Talk to students, and you get the same kind of dichotomy.
Those who fear that Oct. 19, 1987, could be not just history but a sign of things to come were given additional cause for anxiety from two sources this week.
There was mainly World War I, with its fire and sword and ideology and pestilence, he argues.
Sunday afternoon, the orchestra will play at Avery Fisher Hall in New York at 3 P.M., conducted by Dmitri Kitayenko, director of the Moscow Philharmonic.
Pasquale Consalvo, a former mason from Staten Island, won more, $30.5 million in January 1986, according to the Acting Director of the Lottery, Russell V. Gladieux.
In 1933, he joined the Administration of President Franklin D. Roosevelt as assistant director of the Consumers' Council, which studied the effect on consumers of surplus crop curtailment.
But in 1985, inspired by a similar case, she filed a Federal civil rights suit claiming the Transit Authority had denied her due process.
The Fair Housing Act says that we aren't going to close off neighborhoods to people simply because we have too many blacks in this neighborhood.
After a lengthy legal battle, the Dallas-based chip maker got nine of the foreign companies to pay higher royalties, which last year amounted to $191 million, almost as much as the company's profits from operations.
While Earth, Wind and Fire has always let its tunes stretch out on stage, the current show leans toward shtick rather than jazzy solos, and it shortchanges the hits.
Mr. Dukakis cited city after city he had visited, group after group he had addressed, in pledging to continue that battle himself.
The police said the couple's car, with Ms. Moore driving, had stopped for a red light on Roosevelt Boulevard about 3:45 A.M. Saturday when Mr. Morrisey's car struck their vehicle in the rear.
Product: Anti-infection drug Type of Deal: Marketing agreement: LaRoche gets Western Europe; both companies to market in U.S. Amgen gets major share of profit PARTNERS: Immunex Corp. and Eastman Kodak/Sterling Drug Inc.
The discipline of cost-based pricing could lead to dramatic increases in fuel efficiency, quickly freeing resources for export growth.
Each of the counts against Mr. Nofziger could result in a sentence of two years in prison or a fine of $10,000.
The director had devoted 20 years to the program, she said, and the picketers had returned for her retirement party - ''and when she walks out of the door, she'll get nothing.''
And they are taking advantage of a surge of large retail spaces in Manhattan.
There, he said, he was introduced to drugs.
'Like a Big Family' Another foreign visitor taking in the celebration was Stephanie Harms, who said she was from a small town between Hanover and Cologne in West Germany.
A Role in Immune System Dr. Gideon Goldstein and Dr. Tapan Audhya of the Immunobiology Research Institute of Raritan, N.J., reported at the meeting that keratinocytes make a peptide that appears to be identical to thymopoietin, a hormone produced by the thymus gland.
Hughes and Ford Aerospace are the leading producers of satellites used in international telecommunications.
Mr. Bouwsma speaks of Calvin's sometimes facile moralism, which in fact conflicts with other strands in his thought.
In his short speech today after being declared the winner, Mr. Premadasa focused on doimestic matters.
The United States has, commendably, kept the pressure on Marxist Ethiopia.
The explanation: the creatures are lost souls - ghosts who have been exorcised (''That's death for the dead'').
Many fish depend on tree fruits for sustenance, while the trees rely on fish to disperse their seeds out of the still waters of the flood-plain forests and against the river currents.
And confusion abounds, studies show.
Many of the city's 15,400 residents see the dispute over the Jay site as symptomatic of a growing conflict here, one in which the pressures to develop the city further are pitted against the mindset of a country village.
The group's acronym, Lepen, comes from the French for National Popular Pact.
''The theory was we were not asking for a reduction in salary,'' said Mr. Linn, who was involved in the the negotiations.
Madeleine Ribes, a Brittany-born co-owner of the Crepes Suzette restaurant that has operated since 1967 at 363 West 46th Street, told of seeing a man urinate against a nearby building daily.
Last month, Iraq dislodged Iranian troops from the outskirts of the southern Iraqi port of Basra.
in the eastern city of Nanjing this week have laid bare the gap in China between the official warmth extended to African countries and the suspicion that many Chinese seem to harbor toward African people.
''The guy can give people a feeling of success whether they are first or last.
Israeli troops took the Palestinians by helicopter to a lonely mountain road in southern Lebanon.
He said that ''in our case the incident was not anti-Semitic,'' although he conceded that ''if this building is chosen by someone who is breaking windows it is not too difficult to see that it was chosen as a synagogue.''
They have two daughters in their mid-20's who live in Wilmington.
* Microsoft Corp., Redmond, Wash., said it had agreed to form a joint marketing and development alliance with Genigraphics Inc., a Liverpool, N.Y.-based presentation graphics consultant and manufacturer of slide-production systems.
He was testifying on the second day of a four-day National Transportation Safety Board hearing that is expected to lead to a report detailing factors that might have led to the crash.
The violation occurred between Jan. 16 and 19, while the plant was being refueled.
You can start with an enticing combination of sauteed rouget, or red mullet, along with a lemony tabbouleh made with semolina, minced black olives, diced tomatoes and olive oil.
If April is the cruelest month, March in Ithaca, N.Y., more than prepares you for what's coming.
People of every age and background ride the bus, from fur-coated matrons to workers to children flashing their monthly passes as they get on.
She survives a night in a brothel and a long term in a home for orphaned children, where she is diagnosed as mentally deficient.
''Congress then took on the responsibility of literally making a budget and being responsible for it.
* Bill Communications is changing the name of Incentive Marketing magazine to Incentive May 1.
sale of foreclosed homes A15 Ex-governor objects to drug investigation A18 Five-year water use in U.S. shows decline A24 Politics A16-17 Vice President Bush stressed his differences with Michael Dukakis, hammering away at Mr. Dukakis's opposition to voluntary school prayer and compulsory reciting of the Pledge of Allegiance.
''It's all about winning and not having one dropped in your lap with everybody else backing off.
OPEC's endemic cheating on production quotas, which as usual was the main subject of discussion at last week's OPEC meeting, is really a sign of the competition for markets among exporters.
Outpouring for Lisa Steinberg Joan Marlow of Forest Hills, Queens, sent $125, ''to better the situation of a needy child.''
''Until the Navy changes the pattern you will continue to see protests like this filed.''
As fishermen like Blackie Campo will testify, this monster is no figment of the imagination but a creation of the Federal Government.
He cut its costs and within a year had it operating in the black.
Dozens of states have been grappling with the surrogacy issue in the aftermath of the Baby M case, a highly publicized and emotionally wrenching battle between a surrogate mother and the man who contracted for her to bear his child.
Miss Murphy, a graduate of the Oak Knoll School and Endicott College, is a senior interior designer for New York University.
These projects might be considered a trial run.
Though the band itself verges on listlessness, Mr. Humphrey is a competent Louis Armstrong-styled trumpeter, and his brother, the lead soloist of the band, is an exceptional improviser.
''When that happens, they clam up and conserve cash.''
Sometimes, a patient has been evicted from an apartment.
''The Struggles for Poland'' is particularly enlightening about the internal friction between nationalistic, anti-Semitic forces led by Roman Dmowski and the more tolerant spirit of Jozef Pilsudski, the charismatic leader who hoped to incorporate the many minorities in the area into a live-and-let-live multinational state.
The British, however, have organized several European Championships, which are equally formidable undertakings.
Of 99 analyses of 200 carcass samples taken last week from the 100 slaughter houses, 94 samples revealed no trace at all of the drug, said Jane Adams of the Food Safety and Inspection Service.
It will leave most of that territory to the big boys.
The prior year per share amount is not available; the bank converted to stock form of ownership in July 1986.
''He said, 'Thank you for helping us win back our country.'
Fiscal 1987 included $4.6 million in loan loss and real estate owned reserves.
Unfortunately, many of these effects looked too self-consciously clever.
One of the best recommendations for lunch or dinner is La Marine, on a pleasantly shaded terrace on the docks of Gustavia.
Along Fulton Street yesterday, from New York Avenue to Franklin Avenue, the Muslims received wide support from merchants and residents.
Raise consumption taxes, impose stock transfer tax and enforce better compliance.
On Sunday, a two-page poster entitled ''a cry'' was erected by a woman whose purse had been stolen on campus.
Although the Bolshoi Ballet School had performed in the United States in 1973, the Paris school's public display of its syllabus was unprecedented in concept, scale and quality.
Among the other Pauillacs, Duhart-Milon-Rothschild and Grand-Puy-Lacoste were good.
This television version of ''The Fortunate Pilgrim'' apparently wants to make amends.
Perhaps the most famous such incident took place in the 1954 Cotton Bowl game between Alabama and Rice.
''If I'm attacked there may come a time when I have to respond,'' he said.
''There was and is a certain amount of comfort about where George Bush is coming from.
''Many students and designers in all fields come to the museum and will appreciate the authenticity.''
Mr. Perez also said that the Reagan Administration's campaign to force out the Panamanian military leader undermined a previous behind-the-scenes mediation effort in which he and former Presidents of Colombia and Costa Rica had persuaded General Noriega to leave office this month.
A Soviet Jewish family that was a focus of attention during the Moscow summit meeting last spring emigrated to the West today, ending an 11-year struggle to leave the Soviet Union.
''And it is well lit.''
On the day of application, signs must be posted at entrances saying the premises are being treated and giving an information number.
The commercial warns that anyone accepting money to vote ''may be subject to five years in jail'' and concludes, ''Remember, election officials are watching.''
Men's Draw a Muddle If the focus of the women's competition is clear, the men's draw is a muddle of possibilities.
and the futures exchanges, in their written comments, have argued that it is illegal on the ground that it does indeed amount to a futures contract.
Nicolau gave the players until Dec. 16 to sign with a new team or decide if they want to continue to be free agents or remain with their 1988 teams.
The serious collectors are after the finest of whatever period.''
''The teachers treat them very nice.
Removing from our high school budget the amounts for transportation and for special education, and dividing by the number of students, we arrive at an approximate yearly cost, or if you will, 'tuition', for those students who do not have special instructional needs.
The West Germans are fighting the dollar rise and mark decline because they fear the inflationary impact of the resulting higher import prices.
His years of ''prolonged people's war,'' however, failed to bring the Sandinistas to power.
So when the preliminaries of the event in the Olympic trials begin Friday night, Foster plans to join Kingdom and 36 others, wearing either an abbreviated cast or a heavy bandage.
This was a midsummer afternoon in the heat of a pennant race.
FREDERICK C. THAYER University of Pittsburgh Pittsburgh, Oct. 10
It slowed in the 70's, but regained momentum in the last few years.
The songs the group brought to S.O.B.
Both would send hoppers to bound over the moon's surface, analyzing structure and chemistry.
The jokes get less frequent and more predictable.
In the last decade, her reputation has been confirmed from Scandinavia to Japan.
Hans-Jorg Rudloff, now Credit Suisse First Boston's vice chairman, will become chief executive of the unit.
Yet many people believe it strikes only a few isolated areas, and health officials say that many early cases of Lyme disease have been incorrectly diagnosed.
But under pressure from the tobacco industry and other groups, United States airlines have refused to shift from their current policy of dividing cabins into smoking and nonsmoking sections.
William R. Mahedy, a Protestant minister from California who had served as a chaplain in Vietnam, said, ''So you are living now for two.''
Try scrubbing with Zud, a cleanser sold in hardware stores, supermarkets and plumbing supply outlets.
The price of scrap steel, used heavily in making tin mill products, has increased 40 to 50 percent in the last year, he said.
Her father is a partner in Technology Funding in San Francisco, a venture capital concern.
Pepperell's shares closed at $39.25 each today, down $1, on the New York Stock Exchange.
The orbiter would then be separated from its giant external fuel tank and twin solid-fueled rocket boosters before towing to a smaller hangar known as the orbiter processing facility.
And I think that - Q.
''It's never been so quiet around here,'' one engineer whispered.
The scientists said that while the risk of infection is slim, those at high risk of severe illness and death from food poisoning should avoid raw eggs or undercooked egg dishes and should use pasteurized bulk eggs.
The company said in 1986 it changed its year-end to Dec. 31, from Nov. 30, making 1986 a 13-month period.
''It takes a long time to write a book where you have something to say, without sounding stupid or preachy,'' Mr. Reiss said.
There are, as you might expect, such giants as Philip Morris, which owns General Foods; Lever Brothers and Johnson & Johnson.
THE Montrealer was a classic train.
Only 7 of 167 invited nations missed the chance to share the fun.
It was to music of this kind, in duo guitar arrangements by Mr. Barbosa-Lima, that the duo devoted the evening.
But if he does not win, all the candidates must come together to assure a Democratic victory.
Reflecting the student make-up at the 26,000-student school, most of those in the line Thursday were white.
Vicki Lynn Nightingale, a daughter of Mr. and Mrs. William L. Nightingale of Rye Brook, N.Y., was married yesterday to John Anderson Hettich, a son of Mr. and Mrs. Arthur M. Hettich of Mamaroneck, N.Y., and Longboat Key, Fla. Judge Peter C. Dorsey of Federal District Court in Hartford performed the ceremony at the Belle Haven Club in Greenwich, Conn. Mrs. Hettich, who will retain her name professionally, is a layout artist at Time magazine in New York.
President Reagan noted it at a recent fund-raiser for Mr. Hecht who, according to polls, is running behind his likely opponent, Gov.
LEAD: *3*** COMPANY REPORTS ** *3* Chandler Insurance Co (OTC) Qtr to Sept 30 1988 1987 Net inc 1,401,881 1,204,294 Share earns .60 .52 9mo net inc 3,901,036 2,311,612 Share earns 1.69 1.01 View Full Article in Timesmachine 
These particles can be accelerated along a circular path with no appreciable loss of energy.
Not Formally Presented The United States has not formally presented the idea to the Soviet Union, although Mr. Shultz and Mr. Shevardnazde broadly discussed this issue in their meeting last week.
Martin Fitzpatrick, administrator of the Agriculture Department's Office of Transportation, who is one of the conference organizers, agreed.
It sometimes touches on Europe.
After the appeal, the parties agreed that Rabbi Kasowitz could erect the menorah for one religious ceremony on Dec. 28, 1986.
Thus, Justice William J. Brennan Jr. wrote for the majority, it was clear that ''Congress very much meant to strip schools of the unilateral authority they had traditionally employed to exclude disabled students, particularly emotionally disturbed students, from school.''
And let us assume, if we can, for the sake of this question that you become Vice President and the President is incapacitated for one reason or another and you have to take the reins of power.
She cannot walk and only occasionally speaks a word or two, but responds to questions about her wishes by typing and gesturing.
The women worked as cleaning ladies or kitchen help.''
Morgan, Pickersleigh Road, Malvern Link, Worcestershire (telephone 53104).
''Our philosophy is this: those forms of personal expression are fine with us,'' Mr. Bratsolias said.
'It's a Dangerous Game' The Lieberman campaign, in response, said that its candidate voted for a moment of silence and that Mr. Weicker knowingly misrepresented the issue in an effort to portray Mr. Lieberman as an extremist on the right.
There are many ways to measure a nation's contribution.
Israeli troops shot and killed at least one stone-throwing Palestinian youth today and wounded seven others while trying to quell another outbreak of rioting in the Gaza Strip.
FRIDAY Texas, $61 million of tax-exempt water development general obligation bonds.
- Herbert A. Simon, economist, psychologist and Nobel laureate, Carnegie-Mellon University Cells and Creatures As embryos grow, cells multiply and differentiate, developing into the various organs of the body.
Repeated telephone calls to her home today were met with a busy signal.
Bourque said he suspected that this game, despite all the warnings about New Jersey's zealousness in the playoffs, came as the best proof of the Devils' right to be fighting for the conference title.
It should be remembered that Adams is working very much within the modern tradition.
The six, who said that they had wide support among the clergy and believers, added that they had made a similar appeal to a synod of church leaders that is to meet Monday.
The report, which has been issued nearly every month since 1931, is based on surveys of managers at more than 250 companies in 21 industries.
The sentiment was expressed most starkly by one patient who told his doctor, ''If it happens again, just let me die.''
In some cases, the pin would become stuck, causing the internal hammer to jam.
B1 A teen-age girl was found slain.
Soft passages had to be boosted to prevent their being swamped by surface noise; and loud passages had to be cut back to keep the stylus from jumping out of the record groove.
The colleges of the university wisely got in on the act.
teams to round out its bloated playoffs.
Last fall she returned to New York to make over House & Garden.
The elements: a failed credit union, charges of embezzlement and reports of child sex abuse.
Sullivan, who came into the race off a victory in the Marlboro 500 and leading the season point standings, was just as angry as Andretti.
As for Mr. Bush, many economists and other experts believe he would be reluctant to provide aid to laid-off workers.
''There is no pretty way to put this,'' we are warned.
As might be expected, the images at the middle of the series look the best - the most classic as cars, the most Warholian as images.
The sudden expanse, hemmed in by honey-colored facades with gilded cornices, is one of the great public spaces in Europe, and, indeed, the world.
This also is standard practice when a strike occurs or is threatened.
Mr. Morris is commonly singled out as a highly musical choreographer, but this quality would seem to pinpoint his skill at analyzing a score's structure and playing with its visual equivalent onstage rather than with adding a new and equal dimension to that score.
That invitation at a restaurant brought forth a bite of potato salad, some lettuce and some coleslaw.
Mr. Carter resigned effective June 30 at the request of the Federal Home Loan Bank of San Francisco, which saw a potential conflict of interest with his new job as chief lending officer with Great American First Savings Bank of San Diego, said Maureen P. Keating, a spokeswoman for Beverly Hills Savings.
parlance as the ''for-reals'' - a tendency to believe, mistakenly, that reality corresponded to official bureau descriptions of it.
Unless a new agreement is reached permitting more than 10,000 troops in Panama to remain beyond the turn of the century, they will have to return to the United States by 1999, the letter said.
Israeli soldiers shot dead a 52-year-old Palestinian in the occupied Gaza Strip today when a patrol opened fire on Arab demonstrators, the army said.
(In the Adams case, the defendant's lack of remorse became another damning element, though Mr. Adams claims that he feels no remorse because he didn't commit a crime.)
Mr. Appel interviewed players and wrote for eight months, while completing another book at the same time, ''The First Book of Baseball,'' for Crown Publishers - a project that was ''inspired by my son's questions.''
I'd bring a few pieces of paper with me, but I'd have to hide them while we worked.
Although the potential Chinese market appears to be vast, even for English-language books, the co-publishing program will test the waters with a cautious 10 to 20 titles a year, each with print runs between 10,000 and 15,000 copies.
Evidently alluding to these efforts, President dos Santos gave a speech last week rebuffing ''pressures'' to create ''a so-called coalition government'' with Unita.
Northrop, with McDonnell Douglas as its major subcontractor, is competing against a team headed by Lockheed and including General Dynamics and Boeing.
Discussions Guaranteed While he waits for the idea of switching jobs to occur to Mr. Koppel, Mr. Pilevsky spends one night a week practicing for the role of television anchor.
The aim is to answer a question that, despite the apparent rise nationwide of problems associated with fraternities, seems to have gone unasked.
Because of an editing error, an article in some editions yesterday about the Pentagon procurement inquiry misidentified a company named in court documents.
Class E shareholders do not have an equity interest.
''For forcefully and deliberately shoving an umpire, the manager of the Reds, Mr. Pete Rose, is suspended for 30 days and fined a substantial amount.''
And I did many times.
The latest news is that the agency is getting Hot Shot Tropical Fruit Schnapps and Mr. Boston Flavored Brandies and schnapps from the Bloom Agency, and Chi-Chi's Margueritas from Saatchi & Saatchi DFS Compton.
* We call for a flexible freeze on current government spending.
''The problem with the Democratic Party this year was the person at the top of the ticket,'' Mr. Austin said.
But Administration officials said the compromise formula was necessary to secure a settlement since the Soviet Union has refused to renounce its right to provide aid to Kabul.
This is very much a play for today.''
With one stroke of his pen on the Desert Protection Act, the next President could preserve 7.5 million acres without spending a penny on land acquisition.
William Johnson, president, Urban League of Rochester, Inc. Sidney Johnson, former superintendent, Syracuse City Schools.
Treasury bill rates fell, as investors moving out of equities parked their funds in these highly liquid, short-term securities.
Gretzky, in his ninth season, has played 678 N.H.L.
In 1969, he co-directed the film ''L'Americain'' (''The American'') with Mr. Lelouch.
Farmers receiving crop subsidies, people using food stamps and other individuals would not be covered.
He relied on a policy of tight money and high interest rates presided over by Paul Volcker as chairman of the Federal Reserve Board.
Surfers and board sailors take their water speed seriously.
There were no story boards and no advance approval by the client.
He then attracted notice with his feminine designs.
Hundreds of thousand of Austrians welcomed the Anschluss, but others actively resisted it.
The galleries never quite lose their unlocated and unanchored look.
It advises Norelco to stop selling the contaminated filters.
The more laments on the subject of failed motherhood that are published from women in Brookline, the more sex-role stereotypes are reinforced and the less support I have when I say that I cannot make a late afternoon meeting because school is out at 3 and today is my day.
Even if such plants received rain, he said, ''they may only stabilize rather than improve their yields.''
As he talked in his office at the All-Union Psychoendocrinological Center, a 41-year-old man on the Arbat pedestrian mall outside was offering streetcorner counseling services that he called psychoanalysis.
But there is next year and another chance for me.
But he admitted that he had read and supported a personal attack on several leaders of unofficial political groups before it was published last Sunday in the Komsomol newspaper.
As many as 35 people were killed in the siege.
Dr. Voorhees has since extended his observations to more than 200 patients treated for up to one year.
The note labeled ''duplicate,'' which is the one to be auctioned, was received at the west front by Gen. Edward O. C. Ord, commander of the Northern Infantry, five minutes earlier.
The auction is today at 11:30 A.M. at the Laundry restaurant on Race Lane in East Hampton.
Answers appear on page 50.
Researchers there are working with two suicide genes found in a common bacterium, Pseudomonas aeruginosa.
In a third instance, tiny but complete houses nest inside the building, calling our sense of scale into question.
Many Japanese are convinced they can communicate with each other without words at all.
One favored ride is on the 52 bus, which starts at the Opera de Paris, proceeds down to l'Eglise de la Madeleine, then along the back of Elysee Palace, past the police guarding the Republic, up to the Arch of Triumph and then through Avenue Victor Hugo, and finally down to Champs de la Pompe.
A ''Dave'' may wonder if he'd still be ''Dave'' if his surname was Rockefeller.
The defendants were released Tuesday on recognizance bonds ranging from $25,000 to $1 million by Magistrate Joel J. Tyler, who set Jan. 12 for a hearing.
But they could not switch the money already invested from one part of the fund to the other.
''The news this year is the end of the first stage,'' said Dr. White, one of the world leaders in gene mapping.
The problem for the ruling party illustrates the limits the Suharto regime has built into its version of participatory government, a system Mr. Suharto likes to call ''Pancasila democracy.''
If we agree, then, that the credit constituted repaying the money - and I do not - then we would have to confess that error was committed in the ''Deadbeat'' column and apologize to the wronged colossus of the skies.
La Bourgogne's owners are expanding the clubhouse and have brought in a new chef who has added some hearty Burgundian dishes to the menu.
But since there are ''significant regional differences in the nature and extent of housing problems,'' the policy statement said, efforts to provide housing ''should be tailored to local needs and geographic differences.''
The Christians agreed, though diverging in their views of humankind's ultimate nature and destiny.
Now the proposal to reduce the isolation with a rail line has stirred more emotion than anything in memory here.
One occasionally gets a feel for the drug investigator's ''relentless curiosity, cantankerous individualism and uncompromising attitude towards his job.''
''Machismo is all based on jealousy,'' he said.
Miss Quittmeyer has a beautiful voice and handles it well; one looks forward to more Mozart from her.
Certainly not the anchors and reporters of the TV evening news shows.
When the discussions with Societe Generale stalled, Mr. Pebereau secretly started buying shares in the bank.
And Adam, his tunnel vision focusing only on the black hole and the dirt on top of the casket, responded bluntly and unequivocally ''Uncle Arthur is gone forever.''
Hundreds of miles from the forest fires raging in the West, the ashes are settling.
Rather than combining a multitude of steps, Mr. Morris offers a limited number (sometimes undisguised as classroom exercises) distorted through a quirky use of the torso or through a rhythmic change.
And her serve-and-volley game has improved significantly, strides she has made teaming with Graf in doubles play.
Richard D. Bailey, executive director of the United Methodist Foundation of North Carolina, said the tax change had influenced donors to cut the size of their gifts and spread the giving over longer periods.
Lately, the value of the major capital improvement allowance has been undermined by a lower-court decision, in a case brought by tenants at the Ansonia Hotel on the West Side, holding that the rent increase given by the state for such improvements must drop off once the cost of the improvements is repaid.
Arguments From Beame, Lindsay Abraham D. Beame, the former Mayor, and Percy E. Sutton, the former Manhattan Borough President, also urged the Court to preserve the Board of Estimate.
''We wanted an outlet for artists to show their work, and this area is still very accessible to them,'' said Mr. Gaul, who with his partner selects the handmade accessories and pieces of furniture that fill the elegant Ninth Street shop.
'Ideas' From Steinberg ''Were these ideas or reality,''interjected Acting Justice Harold J. Rothwax in an apparent attempt to clarify for the jury whether Ms. Nussbaum was telling something that actually happened or whether she imagined it.
The Copley Plaza (138 St. James Avenue, Copley Square; 617-267-5300) is among the city's grander hotels, a place whose opulent lobby and ballrooms recall another era.
I think it will be like walking into heaven.''
He worked in southwest Georgia.
Utah's Karl Malone had a career-high 44 points.
To install a new screen, you will need an inexpensive tool called a spline roller and also a section of screen approximately two inches longer and wider than the frame opening.
American warships in the Persian Gulf do not routinely monitor civilian air traffic control channels and have not been ordered to do so since the American downing of an Iranian airliner last week, Navy officers said today.
In the money order scheme, prisoners obtained money orders in small amounts, altered the figures and sent the orders to people outside the prison.
LEAD: *3*** COMPANY REPORTS ** *3* Jones Medical Industries (OTC) Qtr to Sept 30 1988 1987 Sales 2,694,828 1,649,762 Net inc 285,873 200,179 Share earns .09 .06 9mo sales 7,206,557 4,815,535 Net inc 873,623 602,322 Share earns .28 .19 View Full Article in Timesmachine 
The missiles would then have totaled a $500 raft instead of crippling a multi-million dollar frigate and killing 37 crewmen.
Like many theatrical companies, the Salzburg Marionette Theater can claim one work with which it has a particularly intimate association.
The potential problems appeared to be with names on petitions from the Houston area.
Arrangements can be made to meet guests arriving by train.
Khaleelah, one of several black children in the class, said Dr. King's ''dream didn't fully come true, but half of it came true.''
She turns out to be prophetic.
We must start with the lenders' ability to identify the borrower and his roots as well as the university to report on change of address or school status.
But when he led a trump from the dummy, Rodwell as East put up the ace, knowing South's distribution.
His 70-yarder was short of the Colorado record of 84 yards without a roll set in 1937 by Justice Byron R. White.
All talk ceases briefly as a New York player tries the ultimate of Ultimate - ''going horizontal.''
Perhaps the most available free agent now is Andre Tippett, the New England Patriots' black-belt linebacker.
Only by padding around in stocking feet and assiduously using a Dustbuster is he able to keep the 16 tatami mats that line the floor as clean as the day they were installed.
Most riders carry water and a banana to tide them over before and after the lunch stop.
But it does not presume he has a right to remain in office.
All that was probably sealed on the Wyoming fishing trip just concluded by Mr. Bush and Mr. Baker.
In our concept of stability, no country should be able to dominate the Continent by force of arms.
''He's young and spirited and has great potential,'' she said, ''and the Ellis company has made a great contribution to lively sportswear in this country.''
''I don't want to be his friend,'' he said quietly, but he finds Hamlet's transformation ''from being an anarchistic, intolerant teen-ager to a grown-up man who understands what we are talking about in life - the realities - fascinating.''
In the last few years, however, a number of senior portfolio managers at Chase left for higher-paying jobs.
Even if municipalities could not sell their used tires and gave them to vendors, he said, they would save on tipping fees at Peekskill.
We had a garden surrounding our house.
Mr. Swaggart developed great success on the revival circuit, making listeners feel the joys of Jesus as well as the heat of Hell, and his gospel recordings sold extremely well.
But air travelers should know that being bumped can also be something like winning a lottery.
When it stops sizzling, add the macadamia nuts, parsley, salt and pepper.
This is why the system sometimes breaks down.''
The first half of the novel, based on the purge trials of top Bolsheviks in 1936-38, appeared today in the Leningrad literary monthly Neva.
''People turn around and stare when you walk by and sometimes they laugh,'' Ms. Eagle said.
More than half the new industrial park has been committed to new businesses.
''With the blue chips providing little leadership, most investors moved to the sidelines today or into the secondary issues,'' said William M. LeFevre, market strategist at Advest Inc. ''But the calendar tells us to expect a pickup in buying by institutions before the end of March for three major reasons.''
PLANT SOURCES Is there a single source of information where we can locate nurseries that sell unusual plants, particularly fruit trees, orchids and succulents?
It was regarded as a test case for laws in several other states.
ICE HOCKEY YESTERDAY'S GAMES Canada 1, Poland 0.
139, is a hip, late-night bistro resembling a Victorian-era railroad car, with a barrel ceiling, brass chandeliers and deep-red banquettes.
The other ''Bushman'' groups are without land and increasingly without work.
While schools maintain such information, and will forward it to a new school when a child moves, parents should have a set to verify information.
76ers 102, Bulls 101: Gerald Henderson's driving layup at the buzzer last night snapped the 76ers' five-game losing streak.
The bridegroom, a graduate of Dartmouth College, received a Master of Science degree in accounting at New York University.
Transaction's presence at Rutgers has undoubtedly enhanced the university's social-science and social-research capabilitities.
The 6 was the number of runs Milwaukee had.
One of the units on the block is a gas pipeline company that CSX bought for $1.06 billion four years ago.
The notes are priced to yield six-hundredths of a percentage point more than the bond equivalent yield of the 91-day Treasury bill.
Two of Montana's touchdown passes were to John Frank, the tight end.
''Normally, to get good service you have to go to higher-priced mom-and-pop hardware stores,'' he said.
The economics that drive investments in fitness are irresistible: Health Net, a California health maintenance organization, estimates that a worker who suffers even a minor heart attack costs his company around $7,500 in lost time and extra insurance claims.
ALYSHEBA 2D INGLEWOOD, Calif., June 26 (AP) - Cutlass Reality won the $500,000 Hollywood Gold Cup by six and one- half lengths today over heavily favored Alysheba.
''But it is not for this court to balance his distress with the right to freedom of speech vigorously asserted by defendants,'' she declared.
Chester A. Crocker, the Assistant Secretary of State for African Affairs, has served as mediator for the talks on the future of southwestern Africa.
The 8 3/8 percent two-year notes, for instance, were offered at 99 18/32 late yesterday, unchanged from Wednesday's late levels, to yield nearly 8.62 percent.
Canons will be fired during the ''1812 Overture,'' and a rousing Sousa medley will be played during the fireworks.
Pirates 7, Dodgers 2 LOS ANGELES (AP) - R. J. Reynolds drove in three runs with a triple and a single as Pittsburgh won its fifth straight to move within 3 1/2 games of the Mets.
Shearson employs about 40,000 people worldwide.
''A Star Is Born'' is of particular interest because when it was released in 1954, the film yielded a soundtrack record that was actually a monaural studio recording containing edited versions of the movie's songs.
According to testimony by Moreno in the current racketeering trial of Mariotta, Bronx Congressman Mario Biaggi and others, by 1983 Wedtech had submitted $6 million in false invoices to the Government, solicited kickbacks from suppliers, and bribed, among many others, Biaggi and former Bronx Borough President Stanley Simon to use their political influence.
The Federation of American Scientists has just persuaded three of the largest banks in the United States -Citicorp, Bank of America and Manufacturers Hanover - to offer a resolution to their shareholders aimed at preventing a nuclear arms race among debt-plagued Latin American countries.
''The county government will conduct a rent survey of Westchester County to determine what current rents are for 1988,'' Mr. Fleischer said, with the higher rent allowances probably in place by May.
Description: Sluggish sales; recent reorganization of its artificial intelligence business.
''This tendency of blood pressure to fall spontaneously over prolonged periods has been repeatedly demonstrated,'' says Dr. John H. Laragh, chief of cardiology at New York Hospital.
He even worked at one, supplementing the wages that he earned as a musician and that his wife, Jennifer, earned as a model.
But there are no limits on running.
Mayor Koch, who is Jewish, angered many supporters of Mr. Jackson with his harsh criticism of the candidate in the New York primary.
The school administration said we could go but only if we wore full uniforms in public at all times.
Clancy's first two books impressed reviewers both with their suspenseful plots and his extensive knowledge of submarines, missiles, computers, satellites, lasers and every sort of military hardware - ''techno-thrillers,'' some called them.
One problem here was that I didn't have a tag small enough to fit on a bee's leg or the equipment necessary to put it on if I was lucky enough to find one at the drugstore.
The remaining costs are for construction of hangars, repair shops and other support facilities for the Stealth fleet.
Moreover, even if the batter misses twice, the pitch still counts as only one strike.
His son, his nephew and all the others seized were later released.
Which meant I was able to keep only about 40 percent.''
According to the ''Dictionary of American Food and Drink'' by John Mariani, strawberry shortcake is a ''dessert made with a biscuit pastry, strawberries and whipped cream.''
Shortly afterward, however, the Catholic Campaigners, responding to questions about the bulldozer, announced that it would tear down the park's chapel and fill in its 200-foot-long replica of the catacombs.
Storch would be the first to complete the swim from Albany to New York Harbor, although two have made it from the state capital to 42d Street and another to 129th Street.
The commonly used DRAM is relatively inexpensive, although trade agreements between the United States and Japan have driven prices to absurd levels in the last few months.
Meanwhile, the five-year notes that will be sold tomorrow were offered in when-issued trading at a price to yield 8.71 percent, down slightly from Monday's late offered price.
Louvre Closing For a Month The Louvre will be closed for at least a month beginning Feb. 22 as the final work is done on the new space that will open in late March beneath the pyramid on the Cour Napoleon.
With the Super Bowl still almost two weeks away, the lead stories on television every night remain the Broncos.
Several Azerbaijanis have been brought to trial this year in connection with attacks on Armenians in the Azerbaijani city of Sumgait in February.
But despite his size and his legendary homers, he doesn't have a nickname yet.
After he is inadvertently insulted by Ellen, Hummel expresses his rage by poisoning the sleeping Fujino with liquid mercury in a way that is completely baffling.
That will make the Masters extinct, unless the Men's Tennis Council, which oversees the grand prix tour, chooses to stay in business.
In describing his store, Mr. Di Donato said it was a combination of L.L.
''Yuppieland,'' whispered Stroller, as though he and Dr. Livingstone had just stumbled into a hitherto unknown jungle enclave.
In one of Mr. Leib's clever taunts, Terry says that she is so simple, she is ''barely monophrenic.''
Fortunately, my people are kind, compassionate, patient.
Getting Around At either mountain, cars can be rented for about $40 a day, including gas and mileage; For an additional $10 a day, the cars come with a driver familiar with the mountain roads.
We take positive note of Eastern countries' growing interest in ending their economic isolation, for example in the establishment and development of relations with the Economic Community.
Surgeons completed a double-lung transplant on Representative Floyd Spence of South Carolina early today.
''In my particular case, there were a number of rumors and innuendos, allegations.
Perhaps the only thing to be held against the swarms of TV correspondents in Atlanta's Omni Coliseum is that they tried so ineptly to fill time and drum up excitement.
It is too early to tell how much resistance the industry will meet from corporate travel departments, which handle most of the travel for corporations, usually through large travel agencies that search out the lowest fares.
The book is a group project of the liberal organization Policy Alternatives for the Caribbean and Central America that was overseen by Richard R. Fagen, a professor of Latin American studies at Stanford University.
One is, historic tides of change in the world.
''He knew everybody in the Navy,'' one senior Pentagon official said last week.
Proposing the most expensive takeover in history, an investment group led by top executives of RJR Nabisco Inc. said yesterday that it wanted to buy the tobacco and food giant for $17 billion.
''This year, maybe because I missed two months last season, I was trying to impress myself, reaching back too early.
The Government has used these powers to arrest an estimated 30,000 people since June 1986.''
United Hospitals, a private, nonprofit organization, operates a 135-bed hospital for children as part of its complex on West Market Street in Newark's West Ward.
''Survival range is going to be in the range of 90 percent'' after a year of AZT treatment for patients with a recent diagnosis, a relatively high level of physical and mental ability and with relatively little immune system damage at the start of the trials, he said.
Perhaps the New York Yacht Club could start another competition like the old one.
''My mother made me take a course at Katharine Gibbs so I could learn to be a secretary and I won't say I failed but I almost did.''
b-Includes tax loss carryforwards of $179,700 and $223,700 for the quarter and year, respectively.
Applications for permits to import and possess triploid grass carp are available from the D.E.P.
CITADEL - Extended the contract of Randy Nesbit, head basketball coach, for one year.
Mrs. Bartlett was the third wife of the late Frederic Clay Bartlett, a muralist who designed and built Bonnet House in the 1920's and 30's.
''There is a lot of work to be done,'' said Alair A. Townsend, Mayor Koch's deputy for finance and economic development.
That is appropriate, for rowing has deep historical roots.
For a few minutes, it looked like their kind of day, as they took an early 13-point lead, but then they reverted to old habits and let Syracuse take it away, 68-63.
The Governor's performance was spotty, to say the least: he missed seven free throws before sinking one, according to one scorekeeper.
The reason is that the Treasury must still get Congressional approval for the required borrowing authority.
By the time Ms. Mirabella came to him, he said, the decision to replace her was ''a fait accompli.''
Once the vineyard owners sat in their chateaus, arguing over vine rot and genealogy, like the protagonists in a Mauriac novel.
Tipping is not customary in Seoul.
Yes, thank you, I'll drive.
As it turned out, he had a climax much louder yet in reserve, but by the time it came it seemed more noise than music; the piece had taken on a ranting quality.
The insurance industry and its critics are expected to spend $60 million - the greatest sum ever spent on a statewide election - trying to win support Tuesday for their favorites among the five insurance proposals on the ballot.
The Hutu, he said, were terrified about repression.
Mr. Raupe returned to work for Mr. Wright when the Congressman became majority leader.
Better yet, it was good.
''To people who are subjugated or oppressed, instant gratification, as opposed to a delayed reward syndrome, becomes a way of life,'' he said.
'' ''My friends would look at me,'' says Kim, ''and say 'your father's going crazy - he's a cop.
3 50 Palestinians were injured after Israeli police officers swept through a refugee camp in East Jerusalem in a disciplinary roundup of male residents, relief workers said.
The aides said the accounting office had criticized the Postal Service for giving up its right to terminate the contract after 90 days.
''They force you to look at something the way an outsider would look at it, which, if you are an operator, you don't necessarily do,'' Mr. Lipstein said.
And now we have the fishing shows.
Summarizing the results of his trip, Mr. Shultz said the leaders of Guatemala, El Salvador, Honduras and Costa Rica had all expressed ''a concern that the Sandinistas seem ready once again to scuttle the prospects for lasting regional peace.''
She also shows them by appointment (212-752-8199).
The provincial electric utility hopes to raise dramatically its sales of power to the Northeastern states if restrictions on imported electricity are curbed.
When do they go to school?
Together they act as co-guarantors.
''Bill chose most of the material from the 20's and 30's because he loved period operettas so much.
Amenities The Cite has a place to check coats and packages, places to rent strollers and wheelchairs, lots of bathrooms, a bank that offers currency exchange and a post office.
To itch sufferers, of course, it's no laughing matter.
(Also tomorrow and next Thursday through Sept.
''The best street map of Moscow was produced 15 years ago by the Central Intelligence Agency,'' Mr. French said.
''We're looking to expand growth areas and minimize or eliminate areas that are not growth areas,'' said Ira Neimark, the store's chairman.
''I gave things to other people because I thought that was how to win them over,'' he says.
Mr. Baker came to Mr. Reagan's 1980 Presidential campaign and the White House after a long association with Mr. Bush.
The walls were painted over in 1976, but the recessed black lighting still survives, as do other, exposed lighting fixtures.
Under the agreement reached at the end of the week, the Soviets are to forestall the wholesale bulldozing for a few more days, removing rubble systematically in hopes of uncovering a few more survivors.
The book and music will, he said, be done by Tom Meehan and Charles Strouse, 1977 Tony Award winners for ''Annie.''
Her fiance is a principal of Morgan Stanley Asset Management.
This year, however, Killington was not to be beaten.
While no medical school was headed by a woman in 1981, next year there will be three: Dr. B. Lyn Behrens at Loma Linda in California, Dr. Nydia R. de Jesus of the University of Puerto Rico in San Juan, and Dr. Nancy Gary at Albany.
''There is a kind of snob knee-jerk reaction, usually from the middle class, that to incorporate their milieu in a form other than scathing satire is somehow to endorse it,'' he adds.
By mainstream record-industry standards, Olivia's total sales of 1.2 million albums may be a drop in the bucket, but that number is impressive for an independent label that has reached its audience largely by marketing outside the regular distribution channels - through women's music festivals and feminist bookstores.
In public housing, the waiting list is so long that officials no longer take applications.
Watts left for work, and Burton, Lawrence and I spent the remainder of the day in other tree blinds with no results.
Mr. Aronson's ties to Mr. Dukakis date back to September 1978.
Although discriminating critics believed the most convincing acting in the show was contributed by Walter Cronkite and Dan Rather pretending to like each other, there is no question that Jesse Jackson enjoyed the greatest popularity.
''I go as seldom as I can,'' she said, ''and work all day to get it over with because I hate making the trip.
He would not be able to make the objects he paints from the world around him so meaningful if they were not so meaningful to him.
What the vintners and grape growers of the North and South Forks of Long Island do not have, however, is 300 years' experience: the Medoc's grapes were first cultivated in 1688; Long Island's vineyards were first planted in 1973.
In effect we removed the stock from them.
Profits are being put back into its operation and upgrading; the mortgage is still being paid off.
But North Carolina A & T shot only 31.7 percent from the field.
She could make my father's shirts look as if they had come fresh from the dry cleaner's.
But, in the view of some scientists, a sharper rise detected in the 1980's is the most persuasive evidence yet that carbon dioxide and other industrial gases are trapping heat in the atmosphere and warming the earth as if it were a greenhouse.
Chuck, like Harold Pinter's dangerous Mick in ''The Caretaker,'' is alternately benevolent, malevolent and conspiratorial.
In just seven short years, Delaware in general and Wilmington in particular have become a major financial center, a development that has brought the state some 15,900 jobs, 9,616 of them directly involved in the operations of out-of-state institutions like Manufacturers and Chase - jobs that would once have been domiciled mostly in New York.
Bush staff members, however, never succeeded in wiping broad grins from their faces, and they could not help suggesting that the confusion surrounding Mr. Dole's intentions these last two days meant that the battle for the Republican Presidential nomination was really over.
A program on Wednesday in Hartford called ''Base Metals Scrutinized: A Workshop with Pewter and Iron'' will trace the history of the metals in Hartford, Middletown, Norwich and Rocky Hill.
''We just felt we couldn't let it sit there, particularly with the transmission in place,'' said Mr. White.
The city's Board of Education, which is dependent on the city for financing, had a $12 million budget deficit and threatened to shut the school system unless the city provided the necessary funds.
When the global debt crisis erupted in 1982, developing countries were taking in $18.2 billion more than they paid out.
In 1902 her father decided to start a new life in the United States.
''But my stance is the same,'' he said from Yankee Stadium.
This time, McEnroe says, it will be different.
Mr. Johnson was called and asked for an explanation.
''In every state in the Union, the final responsiblity for protecting the public health and safety of the citizens of the state has always rested with the Governor, and with local police departments, local communities,'' he said.
But finally he asks whether some of the departures are not ''an escape from truth instead of a journey in search of it.''
Mr. Vial said the money raised by the sale of tickets (from $5,300 for a three-day weekend, from $9,500 for 10 days), television, sponsors and the auction may total as much as $2 million, a sum that will be given to Unicef to allocate to both projects - restoration in Venice and the Great Wall of China.
In the late 1970's, Mr. Kunz recalled, the Federal Government had offered a similar program, but with financial assistance, for the purchase of open space.
Sheftel, we were concentrating so hard on your summation that we didn't even notice.''
For $2 the store will deliver purchases to addresses between 59th and 120th Streets on both the East and West Sides.
Our children, who are being poisoned by illicit drugs, deserve no less.
Farrow and Robert Bierens defeated the top-seeded doubles team of Eric Almend and Scott Melville of Southern California, 6-3, 6-4, in the semifinals and will meet Patrick Galbraith and Garrow of U.C.L.A.
What makes this study more or less representative is that by continuously monitoring replies received, and careful distribution toward the end of the study, I was able to have a group of women who closely match the United States female population in terms of age, occupation, income, education, religious affiliation and other factors.
fe 13 Be6, opening the black king position and achieving a powerful grip on the light squares.
Hospice Care of Long Island has a staff of 22 volunteers, each of whom received 30 hours of training.
A1 Albert Gore gave qualified support to Israeli Prime Minister Yitzhak Shamir's rejection of the Reagan Administration's peace proposals for the Middle East.
''My feeling is we haven't really seen any decrease'' in drug use, he said.
And the single-sentence chapters are part of that strategy: they impart a celluloid momentum to a plot very much concerned with the implications of what the philosopher Stanley Cavell has called ''the world viewed.''
* Continental Airlines, Houston, a unit of Texas Air Corp., announced the retirement of Dan Thompson, senior vice president, business management division.
There is some evidence that merger activity is already heating up.
He was there in poignancy, as happened with the dog that sinks into the sand while barking for his lost master in Turner's ''Dawn After the Wreck.''
But Robby turned an incredible double play.''
Bread should be 1/2- to 3/4-inch thick so that meat mixture does not soak through and make it soggy.
''We have this syndrome that everybody does it,'' Mr. Nessen continued.
In New Jersey, 1.4 million passengers used Amtrak trains in fiscal 1986.
''Bush has already established so many relations with foreign governments that he could go right in and start talking,'' she said.
Your disk problem may be mechanical, in which case you will have to go to the computer shop anyway, but at least you will be able to pinpoint the problem for the technician.
A reviewer for The Times Literary Supplement of London criticized his book ''Alistair Cooke's America'' for ''random explanations'' that would leave the general reader ''almost certainly hopelessly confused.''
The heart gets this nourishing supply from the coronary arteries, so named because they wreath the heart like a crown of vines.
He was not present when the Senate voted, but voted against one Administration substitute.
The recent shipment of missiles raises a question about how effective an arms embargo would be.
Dynamite Buried Near Road The city essentially sits at the bottom of a giant bowl and the trip from the airport involves slowly circling down its side.
When he is in New York, he said, ''I often go to black churches on Amsterdam Avenue just to be part of the music.''
Now scientists can use supercomputers to simulate the networks instead, allowing them to experiment with models that are vastly more complex than the ones Dr. Minsky and Dr. Papert criticized.
The people are portrayed as hunters, anglers, gardeners, lovers and parents.
''It's all a few intellectuals and columnists,'' Johnson confided to a few members of the White House staff sitting with him in the Oval Office.
A Rise in Anxiety ''It really began to hit us that our program was at risk,'' Mr. Galea said, noting the increased ''anxiety level'' among the others who were being treated.
Dale Cochran, Iowa's Secretary of Agriculture and a member of a newly formed committee to study the aflatoxin problem there, said, ''We are definitely concerned, but it is not an easy problem to pinpoint since many areas were more hard hit by the drought than others.''
The house, which lost a few Codman details when it became a gallery, contains several rooms with his original classical features intact.
One of Mr. Grosz's American hosts said the Hungarian leader was ''open-eyed'' about his visit and visibly impressed by the size and variety of the United States.
has generally not been useful for those purposes because the machines usually need several minutes to form a complete image and cannot decipher fluids that are in motion.
As part of the plea agreement, Mr.
He said the runners would get to keep only an unspecified ''part'' of any winnings and definitely would not be allowed to keep the cars.
Mr. Chappell, 52, has worked in West Germany and Belgium for SmithKline.
But the agitation surrounding money for the health-care agencies is unusually pronounced, because of the earlier cuts as well as reductions from what the agencies had requested for the upcoming fiscal year.
His career, in one sense at least, was a gradual struggle to give them a coherent voice.
Ms. Griffith's attention to details great and small is a quality cited by directors who have worked with her.
They earn, as the men do, $23,100 a year to start and $33,000 after three years.
I used to stop evenings for a couple of beers but I've slowed down a lot.
.management of undeveloped Federal lands.''
The other performer was the singer Misha Raitzin, whose second-half segment was devoted largely to the simple emotionality of Jewish traditional song, sung here in a bright and emphatic tenor voice.
But just as a computer can ''sample'' sounds and incorporate them into new music (although there are copyright issues that remain unresolved here), so Mr. Zorn can make collages of music he admires and call them, legitimately, his own.
with an independent standard was disputed by industry executives and analysts.
The roster includes Werner Erhard, founder of EST (for Erhard Seminars Training), who won fame and fortune as the pioneer of a controversial self-improvement program.
The latest chapter in the Lawrence Taylor story drew angry responses today from the Giants' coach, their general manager, one of Taylor's agents and Taylor himself.
With the enthusiastic support of the Cuomo administration, New York farmers last year created a marketing cooperative, the Regional Cooperative Marketing Agency, whose goal is to set a single price for all milk sold in the state.
In autumn, mighty oaks and magnificent maples color our world with such artistry that many visitors come each year on a leaf-peeping pilgrimage.
Asked what his personal sentiments were toward the United States, he replied: ''This is a very, very direct question.
Often I am welcomed to Africa by at least one man who approaches with ''Psst!
''Roger has been floundering, looking for direction.''
Nearby Sugarbush, Vt., has a tennis school offering 20 hours of instruction for a five-day midweek session and eight hours for a two-day weekend clinic.
''They can afford to get help and they realize it's time to get help.
Mr. Koch also called for a review of the decentralization system, under which the central Board of Education is directly responsible for the city's high schools, and the 32 locally elected school boards run elementary and middle schools.
Food stains on refrigerator, material on floor, mouse droppings, holes in wall and ceiling.
Capote went to London, visited with Cecil Beaton, Somerset Maugham, Evelyn Waugh and Noel Coward.
The homeless people served by most church shelters gather in the late afternoons and early evening at a few city shelters, and city-financed privately run drop-in centers for the homeless, including a new one in St. Agnes Roman Catholic Church, a block from Grand Central Terminal.
Father a 'Wonderful Human' The prosecutor also asked Ms. Gabel to describe her feelings about her father, Milton, a retired dentist, who has hovered near his wife at the trial.
Central Virginia Visitors to Thomas Jefferson's Virginia state Capitol building, which is 200 years old, can view Jean Antoine Houdon's marble statue of Washington, an exhibit room displaying busts of the eight Virginia-born presidents, and the Hall of Delegates, with busts of Virginia patriots.
The gift is one of the largest made by a Japanese citizen to a United States institution.
The adoption of such a charter must, of course, have the approval of a substantial majority of the adult voters of Gaza as determined by internationally supervised free elections with universal suffrage.
There was an exhibition (nicely assembled, but it would have been better still as a souvenir booklet) full of fascinating insights and illustrations about Berlioz's life, scores, contemporaries and context.
But his latest idea, of demolishing it for a U.S. concession on the terms of renewing the treaty, is a non-starter.
His primary duty was as an outfielder and the Baseball Writers Association lists him as such in their categories of winners.
At least three companies are reported to be interested in acquiring Acustar Inc., an auto parts supplier formed in May by the Chrysler Corporation as a wholly owned subsidiary.
Hours: Lunch: Mondays through Fridays, noon to 2 P.M.; dinner: Mondays through Fridays, 6 to 10 P.M., Saturdays, 6 to 11 P.M. Closed Sundays.
This openness, Mrs. Scarf said, prevents the corrosive descent into resentment, let-down or polarized roles, which often come about because each partner misinterprets the behavior, thoughts or changing needs of the other, rather than responding to what is really going on in the life and mind of that person.
A ''limited'' hotel, for instance, should have one toilet for every 12 guests who do not have private toilets.
The 14-line statement said that the accord reached in Geneva would be referred to the Angolan, South African and Cuban governments and that a ''joint statement by the delegations summarizing the negotiations is expected to be issued in the respective capitals on Aug.
c-Net loss In the latest 6 months, preferred dividend requirements exceeded net income Year-ago results in both periods are restated for accounting change.
In a specialty store, a sales person can often find merchandise or accessories from several departments for a customer.
This week's classes are the first in the United States, and Mr. Tabakov's appearances are, if not the first, certainly the first in a while, the academy says, that someone from the Moscow Art Theater has taught in this country.
Her mother is an administrator in the membership department of the Chemists' Club in New York.
When the Cispes controversy broke earlier this year, Webster says, ''I went back and looked at this, holding my breath.''
Admission is $3 for adults; $2 for senior citizens and those under the age of 16 years.
And you would get a sense of the strength in the choreography, and in yourself.
''Throw in a little error now and then, so you can follow up with a correction,'' she urges.
How the candidates campaigned through the neighborhood tells much about their contest.
Interior Secretary Donald P. Hodel announced on Thursday that the sale of two controversial leases for offshore oil and gas drilling would be delayed to permit the next administration to make a decision about them.
JOBS IN NEW YORK CITY: A DECADE OF UNEQUAL GROWTH Average annual change in employment by size of business.
Ms. McCarthy says that Miss Bishop was in love with Robert Lowell ''because he was a poet and because he was mad.''
Peter Serkin at the piano.
Branch's book is the knowing, careful buildup of little human dramas, the heroism, determination, pettiness and bewilderment behind the great campaigns.
Over the years, he married, got a job with the United States Postal Service, went to night school and fathered two sons.
In the corporate market, the decline in Treasury note prices did not prevent the offering of a handful of new issues totaling $650 million.
''These problems are dramatic and unjust, and the bad news is, they're getting worse,'' said Sandra Polaski, a Guild official.
Dorsett's annuity, which pays him $300,000 per year for 20 years beginning five years after he retires, has been a hurdle in past trade talks.
has, not outward to a multivendor market,'' said John Sculley, chief executive of Apple Computer, who has more than a little interest in seeing S.A.A.
''I been up when the snow was thick and the babies small and you'd hear them pounding on the van, 'Be off in the mornin'!'
Anyway, who would have believed the answer?
Most described him as tremendously creative and hard-working.
They have now agreed to a maximum of eight a year.
Mr. Lopez is awaiting trial in four more incidents, one involving rape, two involving sexual abuse and one involving robbery.
But the Yankees somehow won in those years.
He believes that certain protozoa and fungi that do not produce methane could be developed as digestive microorganisms that could effectively compete with methane-producing bacteria.
Old Conflicts Resurface About a dozen less serious incidents followed, but no changes were made either in the shows, the training of the workers or in the handling of the whales.
Their salaries have not increased since 1986.
Kafka emerges from an inner world and tries to get some grip on reality, and I came from a world of detailed, empirical reality, the camps and the forests.
According to newspaper reports, two members of the Politburo, Jozef Czyrek and Marian Orzechowski, met Monday with Polish academics.
Unofficial reports reaching Bangkok this week say that as many as 7,000 Burmese troops may be involved in a new drive against insurgents from the Kayah ethnic group.
Farmers' Statement Farmers' chairman, Leo Denlea Jr., said in a statement: ''We have said from the start that Batus's application faced significant regulatory obstacles.
Yet one of those teams will earn the eighth and last playoff spot in the Western Conference.
With no rabbis, he will do this by taking on a host of jobs in addition to cantor - officiating at weddings, funerals, synagogue services and more.
Father and son testified that it had been left in the elder man's home as protection after he received a series of death threats brought on by his writing against the Ku Klux Klan.
(Meridian/ New American Library, $4.95.)
Now they are flexing their muscles and reclaiming some of that authority on a grand scale.
San Francisco led by 7-0 after the first quarter, but Chicago's piercing defensive pressure finally reached Montana and ignited the Bears to a 10-7 halftime lead.
As far as Sasson is concerned, the problem between him and the Palestinians is not that they don't understand each other, but that they do - all too well.
The bankruptcy documents also revealed that Herbert Hunt owed $45 million to the remaining group of creditors, while Bunker Hunt owed nearly $37 million to 18 other creditors, largely in taxes to governments where the Hunts' leases and properties were located.
I was introduced to the boss, a swarthy man, a bit on the heavy side.
However, it must also be noted that the Bears themselves are a thoroughly disagreeable bunch.
Harry Laubscher, an investment strategist for Tucker, Anthony & R. L. Day, said that any sign that the economy was not overheating, or even possibly softening, would lessen fears of inflation and rising interest rates, which would be good news for bonds.
But his argument made no impression on the four rebelling Councilmen, not to mention their well-organized and highly vocal supporters.
He said rescue workers had been able to extend an oxygen tube to the cavern in which the 10 miners were trapped but no other communication had been made.
To those who knew of its existence it provided not only an entry point, but it permitted them to seize ''super-user'' status on computers running the Berkeley version of the Unix operating system.
The plane wanders off course and is shot down by Soviet interceptors.
He is Baron Alexander Maria von Hauenschild.
''We didn't do the job with our press, it just was working.
''I think it could only improve my usefulness,'' said Mr. Mackenzie, who frequently meets with Japanese executives.
Criticized by Intellectuals The proposals have also come under fire from Soviet intellectuals, including Andrei D. Sakharov, the physicist and human rights advocate, on grounds that they would concentrate too much power in the new post of President, who would also be the Communist Party leader.
At a meeting this week there was more bad news.
''We don't argue that anything in the Geneva accords prevents the supply of arms to a legitimate government in Kabul,'' he said at a briefing for reporters at the State Department.
The Concord Chronicle is partially handwritten, partially typed, and is put out by two 11-year-olds, Allison and Christine, and 13-year-old Melissa Toni, who is co-editor and Christine's sister.
A photo of Mr. Anderson and some of the creative stars who have worked for him, which ran in a special edition of Adweek in March, was captioned ''The Man Who Made Minneapolis.''
This time Mr. Swindall repeatedly attacked Mr. Jones over his arrest record, in particular an assault conviction.
Later, he and Dia Ba paid great tributes to the man they defeated.
According to David K. O'Neil, the 33-year-old general manager, who is credited with revitalizing the market, fast-food chains are verboten.
The audiences that flocked to spectacles like these were more than ripe for the movie epic, and movie makers in turn were quick to sense the possibilities of ancient history and myth.
The Administration predicted that they would double by 1991.
Mr. Boschan, a 72-year-old retired manufacturers' representative for construction materials, explained this week why he and his wife were selling about 85 percent of their collection.
An underwater dike built by the Corps, for example, has stopped saltwater from creeping up the Mississippi and fouling the water supply for New Orleans.
''There is a classical misperception that there is a trade-off between quality and time,'' he said.
* National Data Corp., Atlanta, which provides information services, appointed William D. Kinard executive vice president of electronic payment services.
The cathedral is at Park and Clifton Avenues near Route 280.
''The majority of them are on drugs or alcohol - that is why they are here,'' said James Scarborough, an outreach worker.
Dr. Robert S. Siegel, medical director of the oncology unit at the George Washington University Medical Center, said today's procedure followed normal post-operative screening for a woman who has had breast cancer.
The industry's chief indicator, the book-to-bill ratio, declined in October to its lowest level in nearly three years.
Last year, Jackson was struck out once every 2.5 times at bat, compiling the worst ratio in the majors for not making contact per time at bat.
The little man turned out to be Jean-Jacques Beineix.
It's something I'll never forget.''
Stephen Mitchell, the translator of the edition acquired by Harper & Row, is a biblical scholar whose translations of Rainer Maria Rilke were published by Random House and Simon & Schuster and whose translation of the Book of Job was published last fall by North Point Press.
Yet, eight games into the season, the Duke women's basketball team is undefeated and ranked in the national polls, accomplishments it will risk tonight in a home contest against fifth-ranked Stanford.
Without the panache and advance publicity attached to Mr. Ophuls's work, the other films were lucky to open at all.
Mary Tyler Moore and Daryl Hall, of the rock group Hall & Oates, have voiced opposition to the ash landfill.
''He took a personal interest in me and asked if we could pick up the conversation a few days later.''
Asian-owned factories are now sprouting up all over Oregon, California, Tennessee and Kentucky.
Lukas is odds-on to win the Grade I race by year's end, since the Remsen may be McGaughey's final shot.
Moreover, the Peres idea of negotiating with King Hussein looks less realistic all the time.
Maureen Staib, a guidance counselor at Ditmas, Intermediate School 62, said a valuable item of information in the book was whether a school accepted just those students who listed a school or program as their first choice.
But today, although he had won no delegates since his re-entry, he tried to look on the bright side, saying he felt he had forced the other Democratic contenders to focus on issues such as the budget and military reform.
Mr. Miller caused the most consternation by asserting that if he were to write ''Death of a Salesman'' today, it would not succeed.
We will have Sunday services in the main shrine.
The park is on Milltown Road, between Routes 22 and 202.
The nails are again almost 4 inches long and painted bright red, the color of the United States Olympic uniforms.
''Dukakis says manage the mess.
Journalists and legal experts say India has not experienced such an attempt to control the press since the period under emergency decree, from 1975 to 1977, when Prime Minister Indira Gandhi introduced censorship as her Government faltered.
I am not afraid of Joe.''
Nonetheless, NBC finds, the ''effects of incarceration are way out of proportion'' to that suffered by men.
I made 30-30 last year, and I want to do it again.
Dr. Gabriel Kirschenbaum, a retired Army colonel, died Tuesday of congestive heart failure resulting from leukemia at New York Hospital-Cornell Medical Center in Manhattan.
Mr. Bush, who had come here to address a group at a retirement village, called for an independent prosecutor to investigate House Speaker Jim Wright for possible conflicts of interest.
Symbolism of Empty Lots A quick drive through any part shows that the new Newark has not arrived, despite Mr. James's marketing campaign.
By seeking to characterize these concerns under the mocking misnomer ''Shadow Trend,'' you do a disservice, not only to a widespread and growing awareness that the quality of life must be protected in the context of development, but also to the democratic environment in which we coexist and which permits and encourages such self-expression, particularly in the shadow of bureaucratic insensitivity and manipulation.
''It is one of Texaco's better assets,'' said William L. Randol, an analyst at the First Boston Corporation, who questioned whether the proposed sale would benefit Texaco stockholders.
They aren't making them fast enough.''
He said Mr. Beilin, the Israeli emissary, was vague in formulating his ideas.
PETER BRITT GARDENS MUSIC FESTIVAL: Jacksonville, June 24-Aug. 29.
David Mortimer was the best man.
''They were outraged and shocked,'' Mr. Feldman said of the callers, a characterization echoed by station managers around the country.
Rolando Blackman of the Dallas Mavericks led his team with 11 points.
Not all the programs are offered for all the machines, however.
Six of the new senators filled seats of those who had retired; seven had defeated incumbents.
1975: Three men were killed when a pipeline ruptured on the Alexander L. Kielland.
''If we can get the cost under control, we've got the problem solved.''
Dr. Santos said he recently attended the marriage of a women whom he treated with bone marrow transplantation in her teens to save her from death from aplastic anemia, an often fatal form of anemia.
The hotel reports that its water purification system was not knocked out by the storm.
The food was plain and unadorned but very edible.
Adolfo Canepa, head of the centrist Association for the Advancement of Civil Rights, replaced Sir Joshua when he stepped down.
According to the Census Bureau, last year there were 25,008,000 teen-agers in the United States, or 10.3 percent of the population.
It has ''remained our intention to maintain the daily newspaper as center of the Monitor news organization,'' the editorial said.
''If a player wants the opportunity to play in New York, he'll get it.
The American team is headed by Paul H. Nitze, the senior arms control adviser to Secretary of State George P. Shultz.
with heart and soul and buttocks; an olive tree, a typewriter, and a few great friends like you.''
''We think we can pick out the best games and showcase them.
After that, Mr. Cipollone said, his wife screamed in pain whenever the morphine he injected her with wore off.
A New York City landscape designer, Ms. La Rose's installations this past year were for mid-Manhattan clients who specifically requested an Oriental mode.
''Bond weakness together with a slight overbought condition contributed to today's softness,'' he said.
''A colleague of mine,'' he said, ''Teresa Vilmain, the Iowa coordinator for Dukakis, once described me in this way: 'There are some people for whom this is a cause, and there are some for whom it's a profession.
Why bet on one now?
Mr. DeMarco and County Legislator Diane A. Keane, Republican of Rye, were the chief architects of the bipartisan bill that was drafted by the Board's Committee on Community Affairs and Housing.
Lord Mayor's Show, Oct. 17.
''Do you notice,'' he asked his brother Stanislaus once, ''how women when they write disregard stops and capital letters?''
Swift and accurate, bristling with detail, ''This Is Your Life'' does not so much describe growing up as demonstrate what it's really like.
Once again, I bid you welcome.
Drexel's board voted 16 to 6 to accept the settlement.
Mr. St Germain has been investigated for allegations that he improperly accepted meals and entertainment from a Washington lobbyist.
8 The new ''smokeless'' cigarette is proving highly unpopular with consumers in Tucson, Ariz.; Phoenix, and St. Louis, where the R. J. Reynolds Tobacco Company is test-marketing it.
It can be applied by anyone, using a brush or spray.
Incidentally, it was strongly endorsed by sportsmen's groups throughout the state.
The United States and the Soviet Union exchanged information today about the size of some of their past nuclear tests, American officials said.
Five of the nine available elements of the leading index fell during January, today's report showed.
I am the eternal optimist.
But on other occasions, Mr. Reagan apparently ignored suggestions based on astrological readings.
It only quoted Mr. Deng as saying political and economic relations between China and the Soviet Union will never be the same as those of the 1950's, when Moscow dominated Beijing.
''We think the decision-making for our company should be kept at a local Belgian level,'' said Luc Van de Vyver, spokesman for Societe Generale de Belgique.
The restaurant opened Oct. 1, three months after the 59 Diner, which stands a french fry's throw away.
''My son doesn't want to go, but they won't let us stay,'' Mr. Gursky said.
Quandary for Iranians The Iranians find themselves in a difficult position because they have essentially boycotted the Security Council since it called for a cease-fire in the Iran-Iraq war in 1980.
Joseph T. Nall, a member of the safety board, said that an ''ultimate question'' of the board's inquiry would be whether the large death toll might have been averted had the bus been built according to the tougher post-1977 standards.
One was killed by the police and the other killed himself.
One hopes he is right, but four obstacles come to mind: (1) Political action committee money: We know that PAC's shoveled $125 million into this year's Congressional campaign, with the Democrats getting a far larger share.
When airlines recently announced that they were raising their ticket prices yet again, academics and consumer advocates were quick to sound the death knell of airline competition and lament the failure of deregulation.
Several Hits in the Early 60's Mixing an ''old-fashioned sense of pop decorum with cautious rock and blues elements,'' Mr. Holden said of one of the later performances, Mr. Benton's ''sweepingly dignified melodies transcended mundane pop conventions.''
They said I was making good money and that they didn't want to make any waves, and so they didn't listen to me.
During cross-examination Tuesday by Alan R. Kaufman, a lawyer for Ronald J. Betso, one of seven defendants charged with turning Wedtech into a racketeering enterprise, Mr. Guariglia said he was unsure whether the campaign contributions had influenced Wedtech's selection for a $134 million contract to build helicopter pontoons for the Navy.
They include, among others, the historic St. Peter's Church.
Mrs. Winthrop, who graduated from the Shipley School and attended Briarcliff College, is a former executive coordinator of the Women's Committee Program at the University Museum of the University of Pennsylvania.
Fortunately, the serial form of this ''Schubertiade'' virtually insures greater quality with each successive program.
Mrs. Wood, a writer, graduated from the Foxcroft School and the University of Wisconsin.
Until their goal, the closest the Canadiens came to scoring was when Chelios's slap shot from the right point at 11:47 of the second period beat Lemelin, hit the underside of the crossbar and stayed out.
Testing of all babies born in New York City for six months earlier this year showed antibodies to the AIDS virus in one of every 77.
If he had written the script, he said, ''My guess is that I probably would have taken Cinque's point of view, because it was the most perverse.''
For example, a deckhand's pay would go from $175 for a 12-hour day to $80.
When Charles Le Brun was asked in 1681 to contribute a self-portrait to the Uffizi, he replied that it was not by his face that he liked to be known.
Reeves said he would probably activate Jim Juriga, a guard who has spent his two seasons as a pro on injured reserve.
But they clearly did not prevent misuse of Accutane by doctors and patients.
Despondent Krazy's answer is that she can't.
A uniformed transit police officer, an 18-year veteran, stole $116 in tokens early yesterday in Queens by telling passengers that a turnstile was broken and collecting the tokens, the transit police said.
It is odd, after all, that the way we usually experience a foreign country is by doing things most of us probably wouldn't spend much time doing were we actually living there: Visiting monuments and striking up conversations with perfect strangers.
''If Robin Williams wins, he'll be backstage with the press,'' said Mr. Lehman.
''He saw the parchment burning, but the letters, the letters of the Torah, were flying up in the air.
West's weak no-trump opening made it difficult for North-South to communicate, but they brushed it aside.
Nor do visitors come to play tennis, even though most of the island's eight inns have courts, few of which seem to get much use.
What they teach, like their grant-writing, is strongly market-driven.
She always had a Memorial Day party where she served lemonade and homemade cookies from the verandah that flanked two sides of her big Victorian house.
Many modern PC users have the same problems, and that was the impetus for the Suffolk County legislation, which covers businesses with 20 or more computer terminals.
(''The network of trenches crisscrossing the kibbutz suddenly came alive.
The accountants of a number of publicly traded companies have urged them to shy away from buying any insolvent savings association whose assets are backed by an F.S.L.I.C.
At that time, the aide said, Mr. Bush made no commitment, but the advisers were convinced that the Senator, in whom some see a resemblance to Robert Redford, ''has got star quality.''
But it also applies equally to color.
Gorbachev is a detail guy.
Along the way, a lot has been learned about managing currencies and how currencies affect businesses, trade deficits and inflation.
''If I have one regret, it's that the fans never got to see the real George Foster, and maybe it's because I was trying to be somebody I never was.
I haven't been a candidate.''
United States District Judge Richard L. Williams agreed with arguments by lawyers for Media General that the complaint of Harvey Jasper, a New York lawyer who owns 100 shares of the company's stock, did not have a strong enough legal basis to proceed to trial.
MILWAUKEE (AL) - Signed Bill Schroeder, catcher; Ernest Riles and Joey Meyer, infielders; Lavell Freeman and Darryel Walters, outfielders, and Dan Murphy, Dave Stapleton and Bill Mooneyham, pitchers, to one-year contracts.
''Never,'' Dr. Freeman answered, disputing Dr. Weissmann's testimony.
Mr. Giordano said that among the likely options to be offered to the school districts would be ideas on classroom presentations, suggestions on establishing ''peer leadership'' programs in which middle-grade students might be assigned to provide guidance to smaller children, and a list of films deemed to be effective in persuading children to forgo drugs.
''We hope that the Government as well as the rebels will abandon the intransigent attitude that has caused only death and destruction in Nicaragua,'' the Cardinal said recently.
The weapon, the District Attorney's office said, was recovered by Officer Prunty and was later found to be inoperable.
Among that special breed, the animal sculptors of the late 19th century, Ms. Akamu would have had a place, even if she seems to have caught the king of beasts in the act of sneezing.
Terrapins are species of turtles that live in coastal waters or tidewaters.
Charles D. O'Dell, senior vice president of business food and services at Marriott, points to ''how closely we work with staff dieticians on things like plate presentations and nutritional analysis.''
He has been the manager of the Rangers since 1985.
The company's first launch is scheduled for August.
The article also rendered a salary comparison for Cabinet members and top business executives ambiguously.
This is one of the points made by ''The Legacy of Surrealism in Contemporary Art,'' a show at the Ben Shahn Galleries at William Paterson College here through March 11.
They expect prices to go up every week.''
He is glad to have Jefferies next to his locker, where Hernandez always has beer on ice after the game and packs of cigarettes close at hand.
''Domestic orders are up 73.6 percent and foreign orders are up 79.9 percent.''
He uses an office in Manhattan lent him by an old friend, Geoffrey Bell of Geoffrey Bell & Company, an investment firm, and he has brought in from retirement the secretary who worked for him in the 1970's, when he was president of the Federal Reserve Bank of New York.
Seven contractors are competing to come up with preliminary A.L.S.
Mondrian's abstractions are quirky, iconic, masterful and profound.
BERNARD HABER New York, April 18, 1988 The writer is an engineer whose firm, Hardesty & Hanover, designed the New Schoharie Creek Bridge, probed the Silver Bridge collapse and inspected hundreds of city bridges.
General Assembly COMMITTEE ON PEACEFUL USES OF OUTER SPACE: SCIENTIFIC AND TECHNICAL SUBCOMMITTEE - 10:30 A.M. and 3 P.M. COMMITTEE ON ELIMINATION OF DISCRIMINATION AGAINST WOMEN - 10 A.M. and 3 P.M. SPECIAL COMMITTEE ON U.N. CHARTER -10:30 A.M. and 3 P.M.
The cooking of Provence in southern France uses prodigious amounts of garlic, olive oil and tomatoes, as well as a potpourri of fresh herbs, specifically rosemary, thyme, oregano, tarragon and basil.
The incident occurred after the first play of the second period as players were walking on and off the field for a Philadlephia punt.
Once he was part of the supply operation, shouldn't that have suggested to you that contra supply flights might be used for drug traffic?
The bride, until recently the head of international marketing for Sanyo Securities in Tokyo, graduated from the Garrison Forest School and Sarah Lawrence College.
The skin of the Mollie is bright-red blush on yellow ground.
Currently his financial assets are split three ways - 70 percent bonds, 10 percent stocks and 20 percent money market instruments - because ''we chose a more conservative approach.''
''He's a runner,'' Mr. Corsillo recalled.
An additional $20 million from the Infrastructure Trust Fund is recommended for a new Homeless Family Shelter Loan Fund, a revolving loan fund for the development of temporary family shelters that, within 10 years, will be converted to permanent housing.
Other lawmakers speak of bills or issues.
Swann estimates that the letter will bring $8,000 to $12,000.
''I have a cat at home.''
I have lived in this town for 20 years and have watched the school budget go up and up.
At the same time, there are more than just words and phrases; there are attitudes, postures and anecdotes.
Mr. Anderson, the editor of Parade magazine, holds his life up to scrutiny throughout the book and weaves episodes from his past and events from the lives of several friends into an inspirational answer.
The hotel in which the Delta Queen Steamboat Company's own travel agency books clients is the Omni Netherland on West 5th Street, about five minutes from the dock.
The pipeline was to run from Iraq across Jordan to the Gulf of Aqaba, skirting the border with Israel and enabling Iraq to avoid shipping its oil through the Persian Gulf, where it is susceptible to Iranian attack.
Mr. Pierini speculates that the signs are usually ripped down by teen-agers, although ''we think that some adults are taking them as well.''
Among the songs that survived the cuts were ''The Bell Hops,'' ''Monkey Doodle-Doo,'' ''A Little Bungalow,'' ''Lucky Boy,'' ''We Should Care'' and ''Tango Melody.''
In addition, fear that the joint ventures will become tangled in the rigid production programs of the state enterprises that supply raw materials, components and services has resulted in endless negotiations to make up for the lack of commercial law.
There was Beckett, there was Existentialism, there was Plight, there was Anguish.
In France, people bring picnic hampers and drink local wine out of glass goblets.
The Joker on the Balcony .
''When the corporations go for things that are popular,'' said Mr. Hunt, ''no one - press, critics, etc.
The smaller functional group was made up of highly trained, physically fit soldiers in airborne, air assault and reconnaissance units.
Mr. Utsman said this was the ''only performance waiver'' exercised in the countdown, and it was a course of action ''not taken lightly.''
The Flawed Economy ''The oil blip provided a false economy for a short time, but the city has slipped back to what it had been earlier,'' said Joseph Logsdon, a professor of history at the University of New Orleans.
Adams, who is the head boxing coach for the United States Army at Fort Hood, Tex., said that Leonard had worked with the fighters on ring movement for a couple of days recently and that he welcomed his continued involvement in that phase of their training.
The new tax laws have limited the deduction available for personal or consumer interest (40 percent for 1988 and only 20 percent for 1989), which includes interest for loans to pay life insurance premiums or income taxes.
''If there isn't, I look to see who's on the host committee.
Maybe it was that surprising 26-7 victory over Michigan to start the 1987 season that made Notre Dame believe it was really a good football team again.
He was king of the hill when at age 35 he sold the business.
IN this seaside resort, the last of five textile mills closed earlier this year, and the century-old wooden structure will soon be converted to an inn, retail shops and offices.
Is the rest of the world prepared to buy an extra $250 billion worth of American goods and services?
Unexpected Turnout ''We thought that maybe 100 or so people would attend,'' said Dr. Carl Pennypacker, a physicist at the Lawrence Berkeley Laboratory, a major research center financed by the Department of Energy.
Two other real-estate groups, the Real Estate Board of New York and the Rent Stabilization Association, have also worked on the proposal.
Severely uneven ceilings can be leveled by nailing strips of 1-by-3 furring lumber at 16-inch intervals across the entire ceiling at right angles to the joists, adding thin wooden shingle scraps (called shims) between the joists and the furring where necessary to achieve a level surface.
'Finally Broke Through' ''For the first time ever, some 30-odd years after the first suit was ever filed, we finally broke through,'' said Richard A. Daynard, a professor at the Northeastern University School of Law in Boston and the chairman of the Tobacco Products Liability Project, an anti-tobacco organization.
Or they're being neglected and stuff like that.
''BYE, Mrs. Fisk have a nice summer.''
The charges were reviewed by the judiciary committee of the church's First Episcopal District, which includes New York State, Pennsylvania and the Carribbean.
They would get 60 percent of the shares of the proposed new Macy's/Federated consolidated company, and Federated's shareholders would get 40 percent.
''We are now on a track to suicide,'' he said last week.
I might as well lose, 1 and 1.
In the absence of data, doctors said they had no choice but to generalize from the studies of homosexual men.
His remarks were made at a photo session before his meeting with Mr. Perez de Cuellar.
To many teachers, parents and others involved with the city's schools, Mr. Barnwell's case has come to symbolize the inertia of the system and how it can be dominated by a range of interests, from school board members to unions who take inadequate account of what should be their main concern - the schoolchildren.
Ban Unjustified Judge Ginsburg said the commission had not shown that enough unsupervised children would be exposed to such broadcasts during the evening hours before midnight to justify banning ''indecent'' broadcasts during those hours, or at least between 10 P.M. and midnight.
Mr. Bostic, a longtime resident of Brooklyn who had recently moved to Sag Harbor, L.I., is survived by his wife, Dorothy; two sons, Lee of Jamaica, Queens, and Joseph Jr. of Hollis, Queens; a daughter, Debra Nelson; seven grandchildren, and one great-grandchild.
''I think people want to see a professional regatta get off the ground,'' Glenn Darden said last week.
And if you haven't got money, you can't do much.''
South Africa rules the territory, also known as Namibia, in disregard of United Nations resolutions.
Their popularity and their reputations for difficulty are both deserved; they are popular, and tough, because they can do so much.
Bowls, cups and saucers, salad plates and dinner plates are usually priced singly, at prices ranging from about $4 to $12.
Once they got there, to Vanderbilt Street, they named their cats George Washington and Abraham Lincoln.
The Red Wings tied at 5-5 on John Chabot's power-play goal at 3:19 of the third period.
''We don't use the word pluralism; it is not a Bulgarian term,'' said the official, Chudomir Alexandrov, a Politburo member and Central Committee Secretary who is considered a possible future party chief.
But those who know Mr. Koch well suggest that if this damage is repaired, more will follow because Mr. Koch, 63 years old and in the same job since 1978, shows no signs of modulating his often unrestrained rhetoric.
''You have to pay $2,000 Australian [ U.S. $1,600 ] to bribe the Government back home to get a relative out here.
LEAD: *3*** COMPANY REPORTS ** *3* Tecumseh Products Co (OTC) Qtr to Sept 30 1988 1987 Sales 244,758,000 207,672,000 Net inc 14,388,000 15,551,000 Share earns 2.64 2.84 9mo sales 834,292,000 716,976,000 Net inc 52,123,000 53,616,000 Share earns 9.55 9.80 View Full Article in Timesmachine 
Statistics released Friday show that foreigners were net buyers on the Tokyo stock exchange during the month of January, bringing an end to months of continuous net selling.
''The class president was handcuffed and led out of school and into a waiting police car,'' Mr. Kaye said.
Minpeco, Peru's largest precious-metals distributor, is seeking to recover $150 million in damages.
They tend to be very good authors, rather than very great authors: Trollope, Edith Wharton, Simenon, P. G. Wodehouse - but everyone will have his own ideas.
David Fox, president of H. Fox & Company in Brooklyn, the manufacturers of Fox's U-Bet chocolate flavored syrup, suspects that heavy cream was once an ingredient.
''BROADCAST NEWS'' James L. Brooks In the beginning, only one character was important to James L. Brooks.
The Colonel Qaddafi who strode into a brightly colored tent for a meeting with visiting reporters, two dozen West Germans and one American, seemed reasonably fit and amply conscious of his gestures and his props.
All the 1987 comparisons for Schwab are on a pro forma basis and take into consideration Schwab's management-led buyout, which occurred in March 1987, and the brokerage's initial public offering, which was in September.
Sean Shapert's penalty-kick goal with 10 minutes 6 seconds to play in the first half gave Indiana a 1-0 victory over Howard University today for the National Collegiate Athletic Association Division I soccer championship.
At times it became a little clangorous on first hearing, but the conclusion, with its references to the opening material, was dramatic and concise.
In yesterday's guilty plea, Mr. Sandow said his secret partners in the Standard Collection Agency had included Mr. Manes, Mr. Lindenauer, Mr. Lebetkin and Sheldon Chevlowe, a city marshal who later died.
's finance division is still active in trying to arrange a buyout of Montgomery Ward, the sources said.
Mr. Koch spoke about the problem as the city headed into the last weekend of the year with 126 such deaths recorded, the second-highest yearly total in the 1980's.
Jardine, Hill & Murdoch installed the present iron storefronts with Ionic pilasters, the best work of its type on the avenue.
And before he leaves NBC, he has some things yet to do.
I zipped toward him, but at the same moment another car, headlights blazing, bore down on me from the opposite direction.
Does this activity augur a full-scale cabaret revival?
But as a Jerusalemite, I am telling you: I will be back.''
During Christmas break, he applied to Mme.
Not many museums have such storage capability, and other institutions are often forced to throw their used crates away, Mr. Caulk said.
It was produced at the Fort Mason Art Center in San Francisco in 1984 after winning the center's drama award.
The company nevertheless expects to report first-quarter profits this year that are higher than last year's 28 cents a share, partly because of the recent sale of its Cowles Media Company stock for $128 million.
Colonel North then said Mr. Casey had specifically mentioned a particular operation that he contemplated as appropriate for such a venture.
We had a job in Lincoln, Neb., and we had a job in Los Angeles to play the Alabam Club on Central Avenue.''
Their point guard, Steve Kerr, is a wonderful college player and he'll get a chance in the N.B.A., but I doubt that he'll be a first-round choice.''
Mr. Kozak was in Panama for nearly a month before returning to Washington last weekend.
Tobacco Use As Drug Dependence 1.
The European Commission, the European Community's executive body, as well as Britain, Italy and several other members supported a compromise, somewhat less strict than the American standard.
They would simply do so at greater cost, under chancier conditions.
If just two farmers in the same rural county raise broccoli, they could glut the local market.
At his death, Dr. Geller was a director emeritus of Iroquois Brands, the beverage company to which he had sold Yoo-Hoo some years earlier, and for which Weiss & Geller continued to handle the advertising.
''All of the major chains across the country are constructing hundreds of multiplexes.''
Still, overwhelmingly, survey respondents said the situation of women lawyers had improved in the last five years.
stocks show changes in open short positions of 10,000 shares or more: * Could be involved in arbitrage S Stock split or dividend N New R Revised T Nasdaq Natl Market System
In the end, said Mr. Ophuls, he made a film ''about neighbors and friends and accomplices and victims.''
First Republicbank, formed last June when the Republicbank Corporation acquired the Interfirst Corporation for $544 million, held $1.16 billion in stockholders' equity at the end of December, and $3.2 billion in total capital.
That's how much I knew.''
It is a portrait of my mother as a young girl of 14 or 15.
He touches the cap, and in protest says: ''It's not tattered.
Polls published as late as today put the two major parties in a dead heat for this year's election, too.
THE oil bust having lasted so long in Edmonton, Peter Pocklington, the owner of the Oilers, may very well need the millions of dollars he receives in the Gretzky deal.
The stands of burned lodgepole pine, a spindly tree that seldom reaches great heights, and charred brush are never far from view.
And this from Cornelius Bennett, a Bills linebacker: ''They know they got away with one.
What is their next step?''
The payments start next week, when the Jets begin a pre-camp weight-training program.
Several of them make up ''Vito Acconci: Public Places,'' currently on display at the Museum of Modern Art.
''We are Walden Pond's caretakers,'' said John DeVillars, the newly named Secretary of the state's Environmental Affairs Agency, which called for the review on Wednesday.
Housing advocates on Long Island contend the shelter allowance here falls short in a market where the average rent is about $700 a month.
Judged by Jury The advisory committee will make recommendations to a jury, which will interview the artists.
Or is the entire process of such ownership, attribution, accreditation, deification and elevation so artificial, so patently constructed to maintain the authority of those in cultural power and (especially in the case of ''Ulysses'') so violently inimical to the workings of the text that the antagonists in such a scholarly turf battle will speed the transformation of the very authority they seek to secure.
Rising from the ashes of firebombed Tokyo and atomic-bombed Hiroshima, Japan has become the leading creditor nation in the world and holds the power to wreak havoc on debtor America simply by dumping dollars, stock certificates or American real estate on the world market.
While the February increase was paced by a 14 percent surge in non-residential building, the construction information service said that housing and public works also advanced.
Eventually he slipped into the conversation: 'By the way, you've got the part.
We can look deeper into a disease, but we're often confused by what a test result may mean.''
Voting yes were 53 Democrats and 19 Republicans.
ABC, which has allowed two consecutive bids to go to competitors, would give no indication of whether and how seriously it would bid.
A1 Health insurance will be guaranteed to all Massachusetts residents under a bill pressed by Gov.
The marriage of Ann Gail Schaumberger, an associate at the New York law firm of Debevoise & Plimpton, to Steven Nicokiris, a manager with the accounting firm of Mahoney, Cohen & Company in New York, took place yesterday at the Roslyn (L.I.)
Mr. Donnelly, who has left CRT, is accused of diverting profits from trades to six individual accounts instead of to his employer's account after he had determined that they were profitable.
MAY DAN WAGONER & DANCERS.
American publishers haven't been aware of the computerization of printing and of the ability of the English language to travel - which means they haven't been aware of the value of their backlists.
''If any of you have a better suggestion to secure a multiracial parliament, we are ready to listen.''
Under Federal law it can be shipped only in the state, but customers from other states can drive to the prison and buy it.
Judge Wilson, a Reagan Administration appointee, now supports their view, declaring those provisions unconstitutional.
That is about 10 times the amount that WABC is said to be paying for each episode of the syndicated show-business report ''Entertainment Tonight.''
He said he hoped some of the amendments ''will not be included in the Senate bill.''
Some residents believe that gentrification and inflation have forced some people with fixed incomes to move away.
''He's put us on the map.''
history that a player born in the United States emerged as the No.
Slate was beside herself is also an understatement.
Scientists believe the embryo, whose shape reminds them of a tadpole, was only a few days old, and so the egg was probably still inside the mother when she died.
Mr. Stone chose as an aperitif Vermouth Chambery Fraise from the Savoy region of France, a vermouth that is infused with wild strawberries.
The preview exhibition and mammoth 10-day auction, taking place April 23 through May 3, will present one of the largest and most diversified holdings ever auctioned at Sotheby's - 19th-century Americana, Art Deco classics, American Indian artifacts, postwar art and 20th-century jewelry, watches and collectibles.
Defense lawyers said they expected the Federal prosecutors in the criminal investigation to object to efforts to interview Mr. Boesky on the ground that it could affect the grand jury's deliberations.
In the heyday of British smugness she had a rare sense of the iniquity of the class system at home and of the colonial system abroad.
Nonetheless, he said his fund was in no hurry to sell its Gillette shares.
The two fuels are now roughly equal in price, depending on the rates charged by the gas company, and both are currently in surplus.
Suppose you are the West player in the deal shown.
A definite downside to Miami, as is true in many big cities, is getting lost while driving around and stopping in a high-crime neighborhood to ask directions, especially in the northern part inland from the beaches and bay.
She can't have it both ways.
The thought that Mr. Howard did so only after being forced into panicky flight would be one humiliation too many.
Which leads to Ms. Newman's beginnings, and the part of the book that will fascinate annalists of Jersey City's famous.
''It's not meant to be funny and it succeeds.
But that was most unlikely, and East was very embarrassed in the post-mortem.
''We finally had an actress and everyone wanted to learn fom her.''
While working in the Tiger system Leyland was serving Ralph Houk, steeped in Yankee traditions, and Sparky Anderson, another Rickey System product.
May'' has decided to offer his rebuttal.
But before the Soviet decision to play Sabonis was announced, Moscow News critcized the pressure to reactivate the player so quickly.
Defense attorneys, at hearings outside the presence of the jury, have presented evidence in recent weeks of F.B.I.
The Devils closed to a point behind the fourth-place Rangers, who played in Hartford later tonight, and kept even with the Penguins, who beat the Islanders this afternoon.
Bjorn, who wrote most of the lyrics for Abba, also made several crucial lyrical contributions.
He said that his work on steroids is not as scientific as he would like.
It was the cover-up that was wrong, and that was a very big thing; there's no question about it at all.''
Sometimes he asks his answering machine.
Strawberry belted a two-run home run with two out in the 10th inning last night to lift the Mets to a 4-3 comeback victory over the Cincinnati Reds.
The division had earlier come under fire for technical deficiencies in producing similar electronic warfare gear for the new B-1B bomber.
His forceful and precise dancing was matched by acting of similar depth.
None of these great men of history holds a position here quite equal to that of Stanley Tigerman, the Chicago architect who designed this exhibition in a personal, highly idiosyncratic, and often brilliant manner.
Anaylsts said the new offer, from DME Holdings Inc., was worth $1 a share more than the Carnicero bid, or about $226 million in all.
Party guests may view a display of antique musical instruments in the loft, the home of the director and producer Tom O'Horgan.
The wheeler-dealer business culture of Texas caused this problem, and it should be up to Texas to solve it.
The purchase is subject to approval by the Government and by the boards of the companies.
''I was performing 'Dark Meadow,' standing on a Noguchi rock'' - the great sculptor Isamu Noguchi has designed many sets for her - ''and the audience got out of hand, booing and catcalling.
''We had some fire trucks that were so old they broke down on the way to fires,'' Fire Chief James McNamee said recently.
Space Program Outlined Dr. Killian and others on the committee - which had two dozen members, largely distinguished scientists - decided, as he put it in his book, ''that we should propose the outlines of our space program before we proposed an agency to manage it.''
''She began falling as the roof caved in and tossed him to me,'' said Mr. Bennett, who had climbed onto an awning.
For homemakers who come in on a part-time basis, experts say, the gift amount should be adjusted accordingly.
Some banks that do not clear their checks through the Fed can obtain similar terms by going through their local clearing house.
Virtually no one, however, will speak publicly against the Walsh Park plan.
* Most of Resorts International will be acquired by Merv Griffin in a deal with Donald J. Trump, who reversed his position and agreed to sell controlling interest in the casino-hotel company.
We checked the schedule at dinner and planned accordingly.
No signs in support of Vice President Bush, the Republican nominee, were seen.
Serious fouls draw a two-minute penalty.
''I'm a whole lot stronger this year than I was last year,'' said Daniel, a 22-year-old senior who needs 12 hours to graduate.
These programs focus on treatment rather than prevention.
Further research is essential if we are to identify its causes and learn how to eliminate it from the Peconic and Great South Bays.
There were no aircraft sales in the current quarter.
(On these family occasions the French never breathe, they ''take the air.'')
Chip Ferguson of Florida State completed 18 of 31 passes for 215 yards and a touchdown.
(A six-inch knife will not do to make an undetectable patch.)
A militia captain said in a television interview broadcast today that the authorities spent several hours trying to negotiate with the hijackers.
Beuerlein simply didn't have time to find them.
The company offers tours for motorcyclists in Western Europe and Kenya.
It also provides a rare glimpse into the workings of a renowned scientific team and into what happens behind the scenes when charges are made that threaten to tarnish reputations.
A typical menu for such an outing includes assorted cheeses, pasta salad, mushroom pate, cold meats, homemade breads, nuts and smoked shellfish.
Help Urged for Exporters ''I've had a lot of discussions with business people in Indiana about this,'' Mr. Quayle, Indiana's junior Senator, said at a news conference upon his arrival at the Atlanta airport from Orlando, Fla. ''They've said we need to get more help in getting our exports out.''
Compiled from his notebooks, as well as from tape-recorded anecdotes that were boiled down and spiffed up by his ghostwriters and editors, the narrative of ''CVJ'' resembles the fragmentary, discontinuous surface of his paintings.
The fires have all been contained but are being monitored by firefighters until heavy snow blankets the park and extinguishes the fires.
Mr. Hekmatyar also refused to reply to a question on whether an alliance government would recognize Moscow's sovereignty over Soviet Central Asia.
43 1/8 - 1/8 -0.3 -2.3 GTE 41 1/2 0.0 0.0 +17.3 Occi Pet 25 7/8 - 1/8 -0.5 +6.2 Bell Canada 30 0.0 0.0 +5.3
At the time he was also president of the Essex County Bar Association and editor of The New Jersey Law Journal, a post he held from 1944 to 1953 and again from 1970 to 1984.
Through his fast footwork, Mr. McWilliams demonstrated that he is one of this company's most nimble dancers, and he negotiated his steps precisely yet with an offhand charm.
WHYDUNIT - WITHOUT A CLUE, directed by Thom Eberhardt; written by Gary Murphy and Larry Strawther; director of photography, Alan Hume; edited by Peter Tanner; music by Henri Mancini; production designer, Brian Ackland-Snow; produced by Marc Stirdivant; released by Orion Pictures Corporation.
And a steady earnings stream is what you need to make debt payments.
Spear, the daughter of Mrs. Carl Lindemann Jr. of New York and the late Mr. Lindemann, graduated from the Trinity School in New York and Brown University.
The revolution in women's lives is not a simple upward climb from submission to equality but involves a profound reassessment not only of women's value in the eyes of men but also of women's own values.
The bottles used by N.J.D.E.P.
And working with contractors and builders and lenders, we can develop housing on a more cost-effective and timely basis.
Wisconsin and New York hold primaries, not caucuses like Michigan's, and the ability to generate excitement and voter turnout may count for less when widespread participation is already the norm.
However, the law has again intervened to thwart the defenders of the status quo.
It may not be unprecedented, but it is certainly unusual for a television drama to criticize religion.
Mr. Langlois agrees that small mills are losing jobs and wood to Japanese buyers.
''I noticed the pain immediately, the first time I played with a drummer,'' he said.
Federally insured mortgages bring down interest rates for qualified buyers because they carry no risk for the lender.
President Chiang, the son of Chiang Kai-shek, died of a heart attack in January of this year.
For the most part the music sounded corporate and predictable, and in its 70's classicism, effete.
In the address and book he said: ''Mississippi has been on the defensive against inevitable social change for more than a century.
* An army with much of its manpower tied up in major cities in a police role, with the potential of new violence should mass demonstrations break out again.
Good work, sheet metal, and keep it up, we're all for you.
The center is a few miles from the school where an 8-year-old boy was shot to death May 20, in a case that received wide publicity.
Yasuda Trust and Banking Co. 124.6 23.
Galarraga whaled it down the left-field line.
And the true incidence in Latin America is much higher, officials said.
The Bruins' coach, Terry O'Reilly, who hitherto had only used Moog as a starter twice, said he wanted to find out right away ''if Andy can be effective against his old team.''
''It was all very emotional, both making the decision and actually coming back,'' said Vladimir Tsypin, a violinist from Riga who emigrated in 1975.
''But I don't think it could be that much worse,'' he said.
''It's all a mistake,'' Mr. Anderson said of the latest attack, which was spotted by several children playing nearby.
Most of all, however, they resent their inability to find overshadowing alternatives.
No one bettered it until 1960, when another American, Ralph Boston, leaped 26-11 1/4.
ELODIE LAUTEN, a composer and keyboardist, brought her homemade amplified lyre, the cellist Arthur Russell, some prerecorded tapes and gallons of pretension to her show at La Galleria at La Mama on Saturday.
Dr. Hammer said at a Thursday afternoon news conference that he was not interested in acquiring Texaco but might be interested in buying Texaco's Canadian subsidiary, Texaco Canada.
But she and her two grade-school-age sons are quickly learning the rules of life at the edge of the subarctic wilderness.
Luis Rivera leaped high but fumbled the ball, and the Mets had their shot.
No American has won the British Open since 1983, when Tom Watson took the oldest title in golf for the fifth time.
Mrs. Cass, who still lives in the house, has never forgotten the experience.
Service: Low key and vigilant.
A clot of dark-suited men with wires in their ears stood guard at the door of a downtown coffee shop.
As we have argued on Capitol Hill, there are legislative alternatives that are free of constitutional doubt.
Mr. Gephardt, Mr. LaRouche and ''Uncommitted'' will be listed on the ballot statewide, but there are uncommitted delegate slates in only 17 of the 34 Congressional districts and no LaRouche delegate candidates.
When he was not pursuing ethnic themes, he did grand clothes for people who lived in castles.
Supreme Normandy, moist boneless breasts combined with tangy sliced apples in an applejack-spiked cream sauce, and chicken breasts and mushrooms enfolded in a light wine sauce on a bed of tricolor pasta spirals were right on the mark.
Under the confidentiality requirements, Allegheny will turn over financial information about the company to prospective bidders if it is agreed that the information cannot be used for any other purpose.
''I was sure it was blood,'' Dubus says.
Mr. Lebenthal, 59, is well known as the spokesman for his firm in television and print advertisements.
Toby Perlman added: ''And knowing when not to communicate.
If the owners decide to open their pocketbooks, they can have some of the best designated hitters in the game.''
One victim was standing at a bus stop outside the plant when a soldier shot him in the head, Mr. Cardoso said.
Tidewater Master Gold, was gaited to his 12th best-in-show award yesterday at the 41st Fixture of the Twin Brooks Kennel Club in in South Mountain Arena in West Orange, N.J.
''I don't know what it was but it was less than stellar,'' he said.
''It takes me about an hour to do two miles,'' he said.
The valve manufacturers helped put them out of business by purchasing die castings overseas.
MARCEAU IN WAYNE Marcel Marceau, the mime of mimes, will appear next Sunday evening at the Y.M-Y.W.H.A.
''We've been in close contact with the Honduran Government since the Nicaraguan buildup began almost two weeks ago,'' the official said.
''I don't think Gorbachev has time for a new President to think it over, as a Democrat may want to do.
They also advise against the use of chemical and synthetic products.
The nonpartisan Congressional Budget Office warns that the deficit for the next fiscal year will be $176 billion, more than $46 billion higher than the Administration's figure.
Infante, 47, signed a five-year contract.
But with the coming of economic stagflation in the 70's and the apparent exhaustion of all three progressive strains - regulation, planning and Keynesian management - the stage was set for a counterrevolution resurrecting laissez faire in economics and politics.
Jose Castelo Branco, the Minister of Industry and Commerce, told a news conference that the policy replaced ''the out-of-date model of industrial development based on import substitution, which has already fulfilled its aim.''
Since you describe the paint as see-through, it must be wearing off, so my advice would be to live with it.
The National Football League, in its playoff system, is more creditable, with 10 of 28 teams participating.
The saga of the treatment of mild hypertension, they suggest, is another example of the old saying that if you give a kid a hammer, every problem starts to look like a nail.
Nobody would fund the film.''
But he had a strong personality, David Grene recalls.
What each party needs is a national caucus that brings these peers together and gets them to recommend candidates - ideally, three or four - for members of the party to select in a national primary.
The Media-Advertising Partnership for a Drug-Free America has also received the equivalent of $150 million worth of space and time.
For example the announcer, in a voice-over, urges the listener to write Representative Fred Grandy, Republican of Iowa, and lobby for a no vote on more aid.
The agency recommends that owners of homes surpassing that standard consider corrective renovations within a few years.
He said ''some areas of the study'' reached ''unduly pessemistic'' conclusions, and added, ''We believe our understanding about these issues, as summarized in our report to the Congress, reflects a high level of confidence that the performance objectives of the proposed S.D.I.
Last year, two-thirds of married women 20 to 34 years old were working, according to the United States Department of Labor, and a Census Bureau Survey indicated that almost nine-tenths of all working women in that age bracket expected to become pregnant.
Merrill F. Collier had reported aboard the Thresher only a week before to serve as the ship's engineer.
Among New York's many dance floors, the storied center of ballroom dancing remains Roseland.
Volkswagen of America, which will close its American plant this summer, sold 193 cars a day, up 29.3 percent.
Prime Minister Mir Hussein Moussavi, a hard-liner who opposes foreign involvement in the Iranian economy, was recently rebuffed by Ayatollah Khomeini, who said publicly that the Prime Minister was acting irresponsibly.
Eleven Chinese university employees were injured, one seriously, and two Africans were slightly injured in the melee, the official account said.
If he spots someone he knows, the paper stays folded, and he merely smiles and walks further into the bus.
Dallas games were often featured on television before the Cardinals moved here from St. Louis.
The university was forced to obtain more expensive commercial financing, which will have ''a very substantial impact on tuition rates in the long term,'' said Robert Pitofsky, dean of Georgetown Law School.
''I think the market is going to pick up irrespective of what we do,'' Sheik Khalifa said.
Once housing were privately owned and salable at market value, the shortage would cease to be the major deterrent to workers seeking new jobs.
Mr. Burns said Wednesday that Mr. Reagan had vetoed the bill before the White House announced the veto had occurred.
A7 Help for the handicapped who live along Thailand's border with Cambodia is being offered by a organization that teaches people to make their own crutches, wheelchairs and artificial limbs.
The house that Officer Byrne was protecting belongs to a Guyanese immigrant named Arjune, whose home was firebombed twice this fall after he complained to the police about drug dealing in the neighborhood.
A Soviet monitoring team was in Nevada recently to collect and compare data on an American nuclear test.
''Time is not so much the issue as what the service feels like to the guest,'' said Gordon S. Kerr, vice president of Hyatt's management information services.
Mr. Helms has been leading a campaign to block ratification of the intermediate-range missile treaty.
Bynum, who tracked down Trippeer's granddaughter and stumbled on a cache of love letters, photographs and other Gipp material, including a lock of his hair, didn't need a disembodied word from Gipp to know he had struck a mother lode.
Several interested parties that filed briefs supporting the local governments' position had expressed fears that if the Court upheld the F.C.C.
They indicated that General Noriega had pictures and tape recordings showing that Mr. Bush or his aides knew that the United States was helping to train Nicaraguan insurgents at a time when this was prohibited by American law.
Although the boys are not required to participate, Mr. Hartsoe said, nearly everyone does.
In a sense, Brazilian theater was ripe for the shakeup he provided; in the 1970's it was suffocated by the censorship of a military dictatorship and in the 1980's swamped by highly commercial productions that Mr. Thomas dismisses as ''soaps without cameras.''
The city was once the administrative center of a territory that included the Russian settlements on the American Pacific Coast.
''He's such a great penetrator.
James Zusy of the Archdiocese of St. Paul and Minneapolis.
The speech by Mr. Shultz was an effort to lend his support to the lively political process in South Korea.
In 1954, he became Deputy Defense Minister and later was named head of the army's General Political Department.
''Because,'' said Erik, pleased at how he had set up his father, ''I made the Pro Bowl team, dad.''
''We don't want to be scapegoats,'' Mr. Camdessus said.
The television and radio coverage had such a profound impact that the National Football League ascended that afternoon to a new pedestal.
This idea (first raised by Robert Menschel of Goldman, Sachs, the Wall Streeter I trust most) would reduce the mutual funds' fear of share-owner redemption that now drives the funds to dump huge blocks during panics.
''Today's consultant must be an implementer, a strategist, an integrator,'' said Melvyn E. Bergstein, managing director of the Arthur Andersen Management Information Consulting Practice, which, with more than $1 billion in annual revenues, is the largest management consulting firm.
TED KOPPEL, host, ABC-TV's ''Nightline'' Television can be misused only when it is employed in small doses.
All profits will be donated by Taurus Entertainment (a distribution arm of Corsair), by United Artists Communications (Corsair's parent corporation) and by HBO (the film's original backer) to the New York Vietnam Veterans Memorial Commission and the Vietnam Veterans Ensemble Theater.
That brought the number of homicides in the District of Columbia so far this year to 49.
He has a housekeeper now, which leaves him time to write.
Cook over moderately high heat, shaking pan occasionally.
The riot-charge acquittals, lawyers for the seven defendants still facing trial argued, make that charge legally untenable against the seven.
His program included works by Francoise Francoeur, Chopin, Hindemith, Debussy, Glazunov and Gaspart Cassado - works that provided ample opportunity for Mr. Costanza to mold fluid, singing lines and toss off brisk, highly detailed passagework.
If she has a weakness, it is in the spoken dialogue, where she tends toward a cute chirpiness.
City doctors said Miss Brown, who is black, engaged in bizarre behavior on the street, hurling racial insults at black men who walked by, talking to herself and ritualistically burning money she received in donations.
Three tender chops, bilbaina style, sing with garlic.
It produced rich blues in my garden through the first week of November.
It will have a tremendous influence.''
Still, a loss to them created second-guessing.
What is happening to Roosevelt could happen, for instance, to Hialeah Park near Miami, the nation's most beautiful racing park but a stagnant business operation.
Do our children see at all the hours of work it takes to live a life style that affords them everything?
12 12 8 PERESTROIKA, by Mikhail Gorbachev.
TENNIS U.S. Edges Switzerland: The United States came from behind yesterday to edge Switzerland, 2-1, in the opening round of the $750,000 World Team Cup in Dusseldorf, West Germany.
These are requested so often - some of them two or three times a day - that they get worn out and have to be recopied from the masters roughly 25 times a year.
The department also said it did not have the details on how the study had been conducted.
He is, in other words, convinced that the two cultures are close in both aim and practice.
But because he was sinking fewer putts, this improvement did him little good.
A native of the Crown Heights section of Brooklyn, Dr. Sexton received a bachelor's degree in history from Fordham University in 1963.
Concern on Rightist Killings While President Garcia appears to be responding to both stepped-up guerrilla actions in urban areas and mounting public frustration with the Government's ineffectiveness against Shining Path, the impact of his new proposals has been partly blunted by new concern over extra-judicial methods being used against suspected leftists.
He said he planned to meet soon with Mr. Bush and said that Democrats awaited the new Administration's initiatives with ''interest and enthusiasm.''
Although she has been looking for a job in counseling or personnel, it has been a halfhearted effort, since beginning salaries in corporations are often lower than what she earns as a waitress.
The spokesman said Dr. Green would respond directly to Mayor Koch on the matter.
Instead of one group of workers unbolting the dies, another disconnecting air and hydraulic lines and yet another physically removing the dies, they all work together.
At that time a piece of plating broke free from the reactor, blocking the flow of reactor coolants and causing the fuel to melt.
A lot depends on the situation and what you're trying to do.
In the viewing, they both come together.''
''And the Reagan White House has not been rushing to do him favors.''
In a telephone interview from his home in Concord, Mass., Mr. Goodwin said he had not expected the book excerpts to please ''the Johnson loyalists.''
Sometimes repeat applicataions are necessary.
A number of rival publishing executives believe that The New Yorker's format is out of date.
The man, Abraham Greene, burned to death in a fire in his apartment at 2423 Adam Clayton Powell Jr. Boulevard, near 142d Street, said a Fire Department spokesman, John Mulligan.
Although she asserts from the beginning that she is only expressing what ''I would have written if I were in her position,'' Edith begins to pour her own romantic yearnings into the letters.
Who created this topsy-turvy system of ethics?
Several employees said they had been told that the company planned to shut its one-member news bureaus in Dallas, Minneapolis, Pittsburgh and Montreal.
On Sunday night, as the hurricane was approaching, Air Jamaica, the national carrier, moved all its planes to Miami and other locations out of the path of the winds.
The defendant in one will be Mr. Webster's father, also named Robert, who is charged with witness intimidation.
And many parties, including A.T.&T., question the F.C.C.
But literature, cinema, painting and music are all essential to forging Latin America's identity.
Daytime temperatures reach the 60's and beyond.
The plant must entice a creature not only to pick up some pollen but also to deliver it to a member of its own species.
America's leadership has been quietly supported by the gulf states and by Western countries that have dispatched their own warships.
But the surrounding neighborhood, the students said, is plagued by drug dealers and crime.
That may be true the year round in San Francisco, but March is still the rainy season there.
The disease usually becomes apparent as muscle weakness in boys between the ages of 3 and 5.
A few moments earlier, she had projected in her imagination the consequences of each decision she might make, not only about her future but also about the book she will write.
I long for it and romanticize it because when I was that age all I wanted was to grow up and be an adult.''
He said his current boss, Clayton K. Yeutter, the United States Trade Representative, ''probably has the quickest mind'' of the five trade chiefs he has worked for, but then offered words of praise for the others.
Audiences can even take care of the problem of laughter, which is interruptive.
Neiborhood Benefit Jan. 14 -- the 14th annual auction and dinner-dance benefit for the Lenox Hill Neighborhood Association will be held at Sothebys.
Allow to simmer undisturbed until all the water is absorbed, then stir in the currants, pine nuts, herbs and seasonings and remove the pan from the heat.
It was commissioned by Alice Tully in the early 1970's, played on Saturday by New York musicians (the Orchestra of St. Luke's) and conducted by a young American, Kent Nagano.
PIANO SONATA IN E FLAT, with Anne-Marie McDermott.
He said that the shuttle sale was crucial to prevent Eastern from facing a payment of about $70 million to holders of trust certificates on some of its equipment.
Leo Nucci Kate Pinkerton .
''There weren't too many guys without a rip under the arm,'' said Robert Tetrault, a conductor for 18 years.
Advocates, including many French, Italian and Belgian officials, want such a bank partly because they are frustrated that the West German Bundesbank so dominates Europe's monetary system and economy.
But, along with the song and the choreographic movements that depicted a femme fatale, it served as a reminder that piranhas are also small fish.
''A wheelchair is considered an illegal aid, and that is flatly forbidden under the national rules,'' said Tom Frederick, who interprets track and field rules the National Federation of State High School Associations, the governing body for high school sports.
Still, tension was never far below the surface in the gilded banquet hall.
Clare Boothe Luce's four Rene Magrittes will be on view before they're offered in Sotheby's sale of Impressionist and modern works on May 10 and 11, as will several items from the Linsky collection.
Since 1917, when St. Thomas, St. Croix and St. John were purchased from Denmark to block German plans to acquire them for a submarine base, they have grown from a beautiful land of desperately poor West Indian people to an international resort with the highest per-capita income in the Caribbean.
And that could bring an end to the 13-year Angolan civil war, if Washington doesn't put in a hitch.
The two Congressmen are sponsors of recent legislation to this effect.
Development and Preservation Tall, poised and articulate, she does not profess to have the answers for Southampton's problems, including how to balance development with preserving the environment, gridlock on many of the town's major roads and a landfill that under state law must be closed in two years.
So far the company has designed its own custom-made chips, called ASIC's, short for application-specific integrated circuits, that allow a manufacturer to cut costs and increase machine speed by combining several functions on one chip.
Gooden Not Upset Gooden, who had felt the Mets were blaming him for their failure to repeat as champions last season, was not upset, at least outwardly, by the proceedings.
For the first time, the Federal Railroad Administration would be allowed to penalize workers, including management.
A Comparison of Figures Indeed, outpatient care has become so commonplace that it accounts for more than 50 percent of the dollars spent on health care by some employers, up from 20 percent five years ago, said Alex Hutchinson, a vice president at Corporate Health Strategies, a subsidiary of the Metropolitan Life Insurance Company.
We do not put anything on it, with the exception of stracchino, a very good cheese, and it melts as it cooks.''
In a broadcast this month, he told pilgrims that it would be ''impossible for them to go on the pilgrimage and not stage demonstrations against global oppression, for declaring their deliverance from infidels is among the political obligations of the pilgrimage.''
Family Circle's advertising pages increased during the year by 205, or 12.4 percent, to 1,853, the company said.
Install the inside rose or roses and doorknob, and test the door.
's check into the candidate's background.
Some defaulters are hard-core cheaters.
But nothing but commodities was traded until three years ago, when the Tokyo exchange started selling futures on 10-year national bonds, Japan's equivalent of Treasury notes.
It was Mr. Burke who tried to woo Mr. Rather to ABC News in 1980.
They beat time, managed tempo changes and otherwise kept out of the way.
Whenever I've watched movies like ''The Godfather'' or any of the classic gangster movies I've always wondered, ''What's this guy's wife doing about this?''
23 Kf2 Bc5 because 24 Kf1 would allow 24 .
Using real events as the basis for quasi-fiction has been a much more acceptable tactic for novelists than it is for film makers; perhaps it's less dangerous on the page, where the impact is less visceral and the reader better able to make distinctions.
Engineers have had to probe into increasingly inaccessible regions in the area of the maneuvering engine, Mr. Kristofferson said.
Informally, Mr. Erikson still continues to supervise therapists.
RESTORATION and renovation of a 200-year-old Glen Head farmhouse destroyed by fire five years ago are part of a plan to incorporate the historical landmark into a new shopping center.
The experiment proved, Mr. Sapolsky said, that the mere act of adding sensory stimulation to the lives of the rats at a very early age enabled them to handle stress more efficiently throughout their lives.
The Justice Department said the indictment, which was returned by a Federal grand jury in Cleveland, accused Ladd Anthony, the former aide, of agreeing to accept $2,000 in 1985 for helping one of the immigrants in obtaining a friend's admission to an Ohio veterinary school.
Dwight Gooden missed the first two months for drug therapy, but pitched strongly the next four months.
If both black candidates run, the margin of victory for Mr. Daley would widen.
''The Blood Knot'' didn't change the tragedy of South Africa, but it did and still does bring to those who care enough to see it, an acute awareness of what lies beneath those headlines.
But then you wonder, What if it's true?''
Proceed With Caution So what is a New York lawyer to do?
Some credit Mr. Wolfe's bestselling novel, ''The Bonfire of the Vanities,'' which satirizes the nouveau riche, with unleashing the Nouvelle Restraint.
I feel that he deserves the recognition much more than I do, certainly ''for his services to Letters'' and I feel that I ought to have been made to wait until after he had received his public testimony.
''If there is a vendetta it is that they are trying to throw mud at me.''
These materials were first developed in the United States.
Masked actors, who sing, speak and chant, and life-size puppets, tin-can marionettes and shadow puppets are the stars of this work, which includes segments called ''The Human Wars,'' ''War Against the Earth,'' ''Flight of the Transformed Species'' and ''The Refuge.''
Ken Bannister, who played two years for the Knicks, and Eddie Lee Wilkins, who suffered a knee injury similar to that of Bernard King during the 1984-85 season, were back looking for jobs.
As you mentioned in the article, the ''ground'' floor apartments in non-elevator buildings being renovated must comply.
They are also allowed to receive $1,250 a semester for a maximum of $2,500 a year to help pay their bills at any other accredited college, said Ms. Segal, who is the academic affairs officer at Tufts.
A nervous chuckle, for instance, greeted Paul Keye, the chairman of Keye/Donna/Pearlstein, a Los Angeles advertising agency, during his narration of a video of the best commercials from the Western United States on Thursday.
They enjoy the journey and the long, dreamy day.
Buck Rodgers asked, sounding surprised at the question.
But this group was far smaller than similar black groups that are supporting Governor Dukakis, the Democratic Presidential nominee.
''Steroid use is pretty rampant.
The scores emerging from those sheets full of X's and penciled-in circles are increasingly being used to promote and hold back students, hire and fire teachers, award diplomas, evaluate curriculums, and dole out money to schools and colleges.
More definitive diagnosis will result in cost-effectiveness because the real savings result when the relapse cycle is broken, and that happens when the proper treatment issues have been addressed and the alcoholic can ''just put down the drink.''
Never Too Young to Despair Dostoyevsky could hardly wait to be disillusioned.
J.W.T., won golds for its work for Ford's Taurus station wagon; Kraft's Philadelphia Cream Cheese; Northwestern Mutual Life; Quaker Oats Tender Chips dog food; W.A.
Representative Dingell said he planned to investigate whether the bureau had adhered to the Buy America Act, a 53-year-old law that requires that the Government purchase for domestic use only those products manufactured in the United States.
simply left on the table,'' said William F. Zachmann, vice president of the International Data Corporation.
Yield: 4 to 6 servings.
Part comes from a generally higher level of sophistication among franchisees in general.
Ron Duguay, a forward for the Los Angeles Kings, is a co-owner of Cronies on the Upper East Side.
Over the years he has had a couple of shots at success.
There is a black baby-grand player piano in the living area - one of the few pieces not designed by the architects - and its curve seems almost primitive compared to the subtly shaped forms elsewhere.
The treaty requires signatory nations to insure that materials from their commercial nuclear industries are not used by non-nuclear nations to make nuclear weapons.
The score was 6-7, 7-6, 6-4, 6-7, 6-1.
''We don't have any clients,'' he added.
''Look, look, look,'' they said slowly and deliberately.
I want to go down there with machine guns.''
Mrs. King, an amateur photographer who likes this sort of thing, sounded disappointed.
It is an unfortunate title for a book of memories and opinions.
Using a defense lawyer, Russell M. Gioiella, as a model, Dr. Ebert demonstrated how he believed the links of the watchband had scraped one side of the neck and then the other before going up across the chin as Miss Levin was pulled to one side.
said that Mr. Lucente, an I.B.M.
''He is seeking to buy the Financial Corporation of America and there is a lot of Government activity in that industry,'' a colleague remarked.
No Scooter Accidents Scooter enthusiasts contended that a few reckless riders were tarnishing an otherwise careful, fun-loving group of boaters.
At some point after the first child is born, we ditch the books and learn the lessons of eating, sleeping and talking by doing.
Noteworthy in the figural category are ''A Little Knowledge Is a Dangerous Thing'' by Ailene Fields, and ''Offering'' by Carlos Matos.
''Jeopardy'' strongly outperforms both CBS's ''Evening News'' and NBC's network news broadcast, ''Nightly News'' with Tom Brokaw.
A lot of my friends had a fear of going into a country where they didn't speak the language, so they went to Vienna or Prague, which was very shortsighted.
NEW YORK CITY OPERA: July 6-Sept. 11.
Winning equals prestige, salary, perhaps a Super Bowl ring.
As The New York Times dance critic Anna Kisselgoff wrote at the time, ''The packed house refused to cease its applause during the first few minutes of his initial solo.''
It was brief, and even brutal: The Mets, who came home this week with injuries and a five-game losing streak, have revived.
It is unusually large and in a prime location.
He had 7 points, 6 rebounds and 8 assists.
President Jose Azcona Hoyo of Honduras said Friday that he had spoken with President Daniel Ortega Saavedra of Nicaragua several times in the last few days and had demanded the withdrawal of the Sandinista troops.
Romero's conversion put Dartmouth ahead, 13-12.
I didn't come up clean.''
Housing construction climbed 2.4 percent in July, but building permits for future construction fell sharply.
Imagine that you slightly shake a bowl of Jell-O.
Mr. Knoll, who is 57 years old, argued that it was ''a misconception'' to think that the roughly 50 percent of eligible voters who will stay home next month will do so out of sloth.
Sakura, Mezhdunarodnaya Hotel, 12 Krasnoprenskaya Naberezhnaya; 253-2894.
For now, however, many abused children are not turning to the system for help, in spite of County Court Judge Harvey W. Sherman's statement in the Pierson case that ''this court must encourage victims of domestic violence to seek other alternatives than the path taken by Cheryl Pierson.''
''But I didn't have the staff, the power, the daring.''
''He's standing up for the people and I pray for him every night.''
Subscriptions carry most of the weight among magazines in the United States, so every six months there is a major mailing of 1 million to 1.5 million pieces to solicit more Harrowsmith subscribers.
The service underscored the importance that Norway and many other small countries attach to peacekeeping, regularly volunteering their armed forces for duty with the United Nations and accepting the inevitable risks and losses.
The condominium units and all the amenities but the day-care center are being carved out of ten buildings where the company manufactured vacuum bottles from 1912 to last year, when it moved to Illinois.
The fiscal 1988 results included the apparel division of Sportsotron Inc. since its acquisition effective Aug. 1, 1987.
The same chapter on energy also has another clause.
It is subtle, not too sweet, and costs $3.45 at Balducci's, Avenue of the Americas at Ninth Street.
Still, a perusal of the Congressional Directory and the Air Force Association's annual almanac makes evident the cause of their concern.
Why bags become weapons in this one quite small borough cannot be properly explained.
Both companies exhibited 3-D systems at the recent National Computer Graphics Association annual meeting in California, drawing steady streams of gawkers.
As for the world economic outlook, he forecast ''a global slowdown.''
At one time, Congress helped cover such shortages by reducing the amount of maximum grants, which go to students with the greatest financial need.
St. Mary's parochial school charges $600 a year for kindergarten through eighth grade.
''This is not a result of current difficulties in our weapon plants,'' he said.
Let me just say one thing.
Though they would like to see the system brought up to speed immediately, they recognize that it will take time to make the necessary changes.
Icahn has been frustrated at the cost of housing families in rat-trap hotels that are a horrible atmosphere in which to raise kids,'' said Mr. Osborne, a former state deputy commissioner of social services who is president of a health-care management company.
Instead of that special interest politics, we as Americans need an act of national will, of courage and of faith - faith in ourselves, faith in our country and faith in our future.
Craig Shular, manager of foreign-exchange risk at the Union Carbide Corporation, said: ''The way the central banks, particularly the Federal Reserve, did their intervention changed a lot of people's minds, but we don't see how things have changed.
2.About a half hour before the beans are finished, preheat the oven to 350 degrees.
They are dressed in colorful, padded traditional kimonos, with flesh-colored long johns underneath and their toes painted red.
But her readings of Castelnuovo-Tedesco's ''Tonadilla'' and Jorge Morel's arrangement of ''El Condor Pasa'' lacked color, charm and flexibility, and deficits in dexterity and interpretive sweep marred her rendering of Britten's ''Nocturnal'' (although Berkeley's stylistically kindred ''Theme and Variations'' fared somewhat better).
if it did not expunge from bureau files the names of individuals who came under scrutiny in the campaign.
Soviet leaders used to abhor unrehearsed summit meetings.
The Fed took a highly visible step to raise American interest rates last week when it raised the discount rate, which it charges on loans to financial institutions, to 6 1/2 percent from 6 percent.
Indeed, beause financial-market volatility is likely to persist and intensify as the new President takes over, it might be helpful to him to gain further perspective on crises by reading Charles P. Kindelberger's ''Manias, Panics and Crashes.''
Government supporters and members of the Sikh opposition say there is substantial evidence to link Pakistan with Sikh terrorism in Punjab.
''It's very dangerous to make terrorism a political issue, especially when you're talking about specific episodes,'' said Marlin Fitzwater, the White House spokesman.
The concept of inheritance, meaning the ability to reuse objects defined in a previous application is another key.
Palmetto High School, southeast of Miami, set up a 32-member cadre consisting of the principal and other administators, department heads, the union steward, some teachers elected by the faculty, parents and representatives of clerical workers and custodians.
''Their movements were almost balletlike, like tai chi,'' he said.
''You can imagine my surprise when they voted on April 28 and Ms. Halsband was in attendance,'' he said.
's entry systems division, said earlier this year that the company is investing as much in RISC-based products as it has put into its PS/2 personal computer line.
c-Includes net from discontinued operations of $12.4 million and $19.5 million for the quarter and 6 months, respectively.
The two papers plan to combine their business and production operations, but their news staffs would remain separate.
Mr. Rosu seems very proud of his international office staff.
The new post-bankruptcy Manville is a building products, specialty industrial goods and packaging company.
It takes a net gain of 4,000 total points to earn the 24-Imp maximum on the scale, and this is hardly ever achieved.
Impetus for a New Building Morris Sloane, the director of Aviation Operations at the Port Authority of New York and New Jersey, which operates the Newark airport, said the agreement also gives more of an impetus for the Port Authority to eventually build a new international-arrivals building at Newark, at a cost of about $75 million.
He recalled refereeing games in which van Breda Kolff performed some of his famed antics, such as throwing a jacket or lying in a mock faint.
''Up to the front,'' he said.
They eliminated 150 jobs and paid some vendors.
(AP) -Randy White scored 28 points and grabbed 19 rebounds to lead Louisiana Tech (22-8).
Asked why was he not tested again before leaving for Seoul, Hoffman said: ''If someone is competing in major international meets in Europe in August, just 14 or 15 days before Seoul, and it's likely that he'll be tested at those meets, it could be regarded almost as harassment to make him be tested again here.''
There is nothing you can do in this world more fulfilling and more satisfying than giving of yourself to others and making a contribution to your community and your state and your nation and your fellow citizens.
Harley has been roaring profitably along ever since.
If officials are the cats and athletes are the mice, it appears that the mice are pulling ahead.
Instead of just rubbing with the solvent, soak a Turkish towel with it; then press the towel firmly against the surface for several minutes to try to draw the stain out.
is a fiction but a useful one.
Theodore J. Forstmann, general partner of Forstmann Little, said he would consider some equity participation by management, but did not provide details.
For one thing, prices on the trekking trails are soaring.
Duck, our scraggily bearded guide, drives down the smooth entrance to the perilous Sockdolager Rapids.
And healthy babies born to cocaine-abusing women face ongoing peril in disorderly homes where childhood illnesses may go untended and accidents are common.
We need to cooperate with our allies to fund a program of real debt relief to stimulate third world markets for our industrial producers.
Wines, a principal in SITE Projects Inc., a Manhattan architectural concern.
He said the rebels were running out of food and money, and he added: ''It's getting very desperate.
The measure, already approved by the House, now goes to President Reagan, who is expected to sign it.
''A lot of people added to existing positions,'' one corporate bond trader said.
''It's unfortunate that those things have been tied together,'' he added.
For young women, the choices are even more difficult.
The long ago perfect Christmas tree stands tall, vibrant and full of life.
On the scale used to measure blood pressure, for every five millimeter increase in the diastolic level, there is a 20 to 25 percent increase in heart attacks, said Dr. Jeffrey Cutler of the National Heart, Lung, and Blood Institute.
The other side of that question is whether unsuccessful dieting is more dangerous than continued obesity.
Mr. Kravis said tonight that he had no fixed amount that he was seeking from the Japanese banks.
But much of it was by out-of-state reporters telling the rest of the country what you were doing.
However, sources in Greenelefe, in the union's headquarters here and in a local in the Midwest confirmed that the board had voted to do away with the two-thirds membership vote requirement for turning down a proposed contract.
Students have compiled files on murders they say have been committed over the last month by security forces or vigilantes.
In a recent interview with an Italian journalist, Mr. Castro accused Mr. Arcos of having racist and fascist ideas and conspiring against his movement.
Fortunately, many chefs today are interspersing lighter dishes among more substantial ones on their menus, rather than banishing certain foods to a ''spa'' list.
Michelle Holzapfel, whose trompe l'oeil objects in wood have become CraftMarket perennials, has come up with a crop of vegetable forms.
The Party of God is holding more than 200 Amal militiamen, and Amal says it is holding 60 Party of God members.
In addition to Al Toon, the wide receiver who is leading the league in catches, Mickey Shuler, the tight end, and, to his own surprise, Erik McMillan, the rookie free safety, made the team.
Manantial (168 Allende; 2-38-81) serves seafood and Mexican dishes by candlelight.
* The Government ought to use psychological testing to identify troubled children, so they can receive supportive therapy.
He demanded the right to appoint five new ambassadors and six consuls general.
''We try to make it pleasant enough so trying on isn't something someone will want to avoid.''
The Federal Government has no plans to supervise efforts to fulfill its recommendation for testing for radon in all residences up through the second floor and to treat homes in which the naturally occurring gas exceeds safe levels.
You have to admit that this is an unusual duo of interests.
''It has not, I believe, occurred to him that if America does not lead the free countries of the world, the free countries of the world will not have a leader.''
Tonight she said she went ''willingly'' but did not elaborate except to say her departure was ''in the best interest of the university'' because she had become so controversial.
But some traders, who have generally given Mr. Greenspan high marks since he was appointed chairman last summer, are still suspicious.
We are dealing with allegations that cover four to five years.
15 * 11 SPHERE, by Michael Crichton.
The Amerasians' average age is 18.
holds a number of proprietary designs, as well as other types of memory devices.
Any state enforcement action could pose legal difficulties because Rocky Flats is owned by the Energy Department and state governments have limited authority over Federal facilities.
8 1 THE FITZGERALDS AND THE KENNEDYS, by Doris Kearns Goodwin.
Mr. Biderman thinks that most, if not all, developers of new housing in Manhattan's prime neighborhoods will soon be using the financing arrangement.
Professors and academic administrators have long participated in the Teachers Insurance and Annuity Association.
This has not yet happened.
He was building the framework for a 1986-87 Kookaburra campaign, and invited Gilmour to join.
Under the restructuring, Mr. Evans would make $23 million in cash from the dividend of $53.25 he would receive for each of the 400,000 shares he owns.
The abductors she is referring to are, of course, her own kin.
She left behind her 13-year-old son and 15-year-old daughter in the shelter, as she has done every morning since starting her job six weeks ago.
At Loews Astor Plaza, 44th Street west of Broadway; Loews Orpheum, 86th Street near Third Avenue, and other theaters.
Animal patents would be worthless, they say, and research in the field would come to a halt.
The revised version issued today adopted some of the suggestions offered by contractors, but did not back away from what they consider its most onerous provision: the clause allowing the Pentagon to reclaim profits from companies that are found to have wrongly certified that they did not obtain information except through formally approved channels.
LEAD: *3*** COMPANY REPORTS ** *3* Hon Industries Inc. (OTC) Qtr to Sept 30 1988 1987 Sales 144,745,000 141,880,000 Net inc 7,090,000 7,365,000 Share earns .38 .37 9mo sales 426,527,000 410,990,000 Net inc 16,431,000 17,746,000 Share earns .88 .88 Shares outst 18,733,940 20,104,127 View Full Article in Timesmachine 
Anthony Grabbe, a Russian Orthodox priest who is the principal of the bilingual school, which teaches the language and culture of pre-revolutionary Russia.
He had never defeated Reynolds.
Of that, the campaign transferred $172,624 into a fund used to comply with various commission regulations in the general election.
They are also covered for ''consequential damage,'' caused by another faulty component, for example, carpets rotted by water seepage through a floor.
Ushuaia enjoys mild weather, along with a near-midnight sun, roughly from November to March.
''For the first time in my career I've got a car that is competitive everywhere and a chance for the championship.''
It is Homer & Durham.
Surveys by Dr. Gans and others find a link between the decline in voting and a more general decline in civic involvement.
''The years are passing, and people are growing older.
What does an Egyptian ballerina wear?
the way real football people sneer at indoor Arena Football.
Federal and state investigators and prosecutors say they have never seen corruption quite so pervasive.
Their status gives none of us the right to deny them freedom of movement.
''The town doesn't want to open that door,'' he said.
The emotional cogs whirl and bang, overheating the intellectual wheels they're allegedly turning, and sometimes threatening meltdown in the apparatus as a whole.
LEAD: *3*** COMPANY REPORTS ** *3*CENVILL INVESTORS INC (NYSE) Qtr to Dec 31 1987 1986 Revenue 6,419,000 5,476,000 Net inc 3,579,000 3,697,000 Share earns .51 .53 Yr rev 25,488,000 20,839,000 Net inc 15,382,000 14,478,000 Share earns 2.20 2.20 View Full Article in Timesmachine 
The latest quarter and 6-month includes a $19 million and $38 million, respectively, fresh start tax benefits, compared with the year-ago quarter and 6-month of $38 million and $52.7 million, respectively.
The evening's emotions were not confined to the President.
As the list of suitors bidding to take over First Republicbank has grown to include Wells Fargo, as well as the NCNB Corporation of Charlotte, N.C., and Citicorp of New York, the Federal Deposit Insurance Corporation has asked the Dallas bank to submit additional information regarding its recapitalization plan, First Republic said.
A nationwide test given to more than 8,000 high school students by the Joint Council on Economic Education, one of the 40 bodies, concluded that ''our schools are producing a nation of economic illiterates.''
''The heart of the case is the claim of the defendants' failure to disclose to the public what should have been disclosed a long time ago.''
Despite the poetry that fills his heart with love for nature at its best, Mr. Papp is also a producer, a man whose object is to fill a house and go the full count on a production.
He said he had raised the possibility of doing something like this in spring training, and that injuries to his lineup left him with limited options.
''Flowers,'' Ms. Berger said, ''are much more decorative and much more a conversation piece than anything else.''
They say that at least three of the Vice President's six most senior advisers were appointed on the recommendation of Mr. Baker, who talks to Mr. Bush and campaign officials regularly.
Even so, because the Triangle deal is so large, Mr. Murdoch plans to sell some of his holdings - some real estate, his stake in the Reuters news service, and other properties - to raise about half the money.
Distantly to the north is the tower of Borley Church below whose altar lies Humphrey Burroughs.
''I know I look better with a tan,'' said Andrea Salsberg, 43, a beachgoer in Amagansett.
They are eagerly dusting off old blueprints for Mars vehicles and studying a wide range of new mission concepts.
According to the railroad's worst-case assumptions, 75 percent of the 618 employees eligible for immediate retirement - those who have 20 years of service and are over 50 years old -might leave at the end of the year to take advantage of the one-year formula for calculating pension benefits.
However, as a nation, we have failed miserably in providing equal resources for educating our young people across the land.
Fordham, unbeaten and unscored upon in two games, meets its first Division I-AA opponent, Davidson, at Jack Coffey Field.
Mr. Rosen said today that Pan Am had argued that there was a safety issue involved because former pilots who became flight engineers might succumb to a ''command syndrome'' which would interfere with their taking orders from a younger captain.
By night, like everyone else, he has chores.
Viacom International Inc. has put WVIT-TV, Channel 30, up for sale.
The sector car, called at 11:09 P.M. from the first dispatcher, also arrived, but the police are not sure at what time.
he wondered in response to a question.
Will three chills, plus candles that swarm like fireflies, do you?
In the largest racing boats, eight-oared shells, the sequence is repeated by eight rowers pulling in unison with all their might.
Yet, gradually, despite initially high hopes, the new homesteaders find the Alaskan topography and climate in their own way as daunting as the conditions encountered by their earlier Western prototypes.
So she invented one - using her training as an editor at William Morrow, and her experience as a compiler of texts for various educational publishers.
The reason for the public inquest is the disturbing nature of some of the facts in the case.
The five-month investigation was conducted by the State Commission on Human Rights and Opportunities.
He said, ''Our advertising has consistently done its job of creating awareness, establishing a competitive offering and selling seats.''
uses to justify this technological backsliding are specious and have little to do with the 1975 act.
Ms. Romand's previous documentary, ''Mix-Up,'' was about the families of babies who were switched in the hospital.
''Clearly, Congress gave that authority to issue regulations to the Department of Transportation, and clearly, Continental is in compliance with the law,'' Mr. Walker said.
David Dison, a Johannesburg lawyer who represented The Weekly Mail, saw the one-month ban as a victory of sorts for the newspaper because it showed that Mr. Botha was worried about the outcry a harsher penalty would create.
Eleven people were arrested at La Guardia Airport and scores of departing passengers were delayed yesterday evening when about 60 people protesting racial injustice in New York City blocked traffic lanes outside a terminal building.
Another exception to the ''y'' rule were the twins, Sal and Joey.
''I told my brother that he could take over the business from me.
A commentary on state-controlled radio also sharply criticized the Support Committee.
He was greeted by hundreds of shouting, chanting Palestinians in an emotional scene that, as he departed, turned into a stone-throwing clash with Israeli soldiers firing tear gas.
If the check is from an out-of-state bank, whether it is close by or across the country, the processing time stretches out to six business days for commercial banks and eight for savings institutions.
Among desserts, the creme brulee and white chocolate mousse will hardly inspire you to break into song: both are pale and boring.
LEAD: *3*** COMPANY REPORTS ** *3* Adams Resources & Energy Inc (AMEX) Qtr to March 31 1988 1987 Revenue 15,587,000 15,474,000 Net inc 761,000 223,000 Share earns .10 .02 View Full Article in Timesmachine 
Administration officials have expressed growing frustration with what they call the hard line of the Sandinistas in talks with contras in Managua.
District Attorney Paul T. Gentile of the Bronx acknowledged yesterday that he had used public funds to replace locks in his Riverdale apartment after a burglary there last March.
His letter said doctors and clinics ''serving low-income women have a vital role in controlling the spread of the deadly AIDS epidemic.''
But the new management, equipment and snow grooming now lure intermediate skiers to the summit with wide boulevards in the Green Valley bowl and on the Lucky Shot run, which leads to other trails that return skiers to the village base.
Jackson replied: ''Of the people on the stage I was the poorest the longest, and the most recently.
Taxable assets increased by $508 million, to $267.2 billion.
For example, he said, the ratio of Warsaw Pact tanks to NATO tanks is 2.8 to 1.
He was traded to the Pistons in October for Sidney Green and played in only nine games for Detroit this season, averaging 1.1 points.
If you like the 19th century, this will be the place.''
Perhaps the most certain solution is to withdraw the virtually extinct 50-cent coin and make the dollar a comparable size - but with enough difference for machine sorting.
His mother, Elena Ganik, retired as an accountant with the World Bank.
But even Kobell gave a soundless and motionless air to those everyday encounters.
The delay makes any winterkill obvious.
''When you deal with things in a funny way, you can't help offending the Government,'' said a writer of satirical plays.
Mr. Berlin, he said, ''stamped a new character on American music'' with the syncopated rhythms of ''Alexander's Ragtime Band,'' which he wrote in 1911.
When a resupply plane turns toward land and heads for its drop zone in southern or central Nicaragua, it is tracked by another radar, at Nueva Guinea.
That decision suddenly gave new life to Lewis's bid to repeat winning four gold medals as he did in 1984.
Swedish Kickoff Jan. 13 -- It was 1536 or thereabout when the first Swedish settlers came to North America.
''I like people,'' she said, ''and I'm interested in their work.''
desires (i.e., there is even very little room for improvement).
And one of the problems, says Tilton, is that ''the manufacturer considers the user of a breast implant to be the doctor, not the patient.''
asked Henry Korn, executive director of the organization.
The bride, a vice president of Kidder, Peabody & Company in New York, graduated from Indiana University and the Tobe-Coburn School in New York.
The lawyers say the state would lack a functioning government in control of its own territory.
Paul Grant, systems manager for the Harvard Smithsonian Center for Astrophysics, said his first action when he discovered the illicit program on the morning of Nov. 3 was to disconnect the center's 50 computers from the network, clear their memories and take steps to prevent a reinfection.
The company, one of the largest of its kind in the country, wants to build a plant to process the sand, then load it onto barges for four round trips a day to Shell Pile, 17 miles downstream.
I called public relations at the Stadium, and was told people can no longer try out to sing.
In contrast, the drop among whites in the same category is from 5.5 percent to 4.3 percent, a reduction of only 22 percent.
I found out that what you love can become your life.''
When I noted that it seemed peculiar to bring a mongrel all the way from France, Johns protested.
Rasmussen, who walked one and struck out five, left one inning after being hit on the left wrist by a pitch from Chuck Cary.
* C3 Inc., Reston, Va., a computer concern, said it had agreed with Knoll Capital Management L.P. to provide nonpublic data to Knoll.
And they proved to be, of course, phony.''
It's a bit unseemly for an American professor to argue against vigorous price competition.
The captain's son, James, though wounded in the battle, survived to become a founder of the Knickerbocker family in the Hudson Valley of New York.
Responding to questions, Mr. Nunn said a limited defensive system might involve the deployment of ground-based interceptors at several places in the United States.
After teaching elementary school for 31 years, I am retiring.
His parents took away his car, his phone and his allowance.
There's nothing wrong with that.
At age 21, Tyson has become an athlete whose celebrity is global.
The show continues through next Sunday.
Yields for certificates of deposit, bank money market accounts and money market mutual funds rose only slightly in the week that ended yesterday.
Feed Materials Production Center, Fernald, Ohio Hanford Site, Richland, Wash. Idaho National Engineering Laboratory, Idaho Falls Kansas City Plant, Mo.
And the hour was coming when he would confront them, when his rage would explode and burn, when those who had betrayed him would despair unto death, when treachery would pay for what it had done.
Mr. Dawit, who now occupies one in a row of tidy cubicles on the fifth floor of the Department's Trenton office building, said he had no complaints about the work he was doing.
Hershiser, of course, is one of the reasons the Dodgers have had such success.
But under pre-election pressure to deliver the bacon without the calories, the Senate chose to believe what it heard and voted, 94 to 0, to attach Senator Edward Kennedy's education Savings Bond proposal to the catch-all ''technical corrections'' tax bill.
A jetty could mean a new industrial seafood park, a major new fish-processing plant, many more people with jobs and enough export items to affect the balance of trade.''
Eradication takes years of constant application and vigilance.
After he was ejected, a fight broke out between St. John's players and Providence fans, then was quelled.
Deconstructivism is highly theoretical; much of its output exists only in the form of models, and many of these designs are so self-consciously bizarre that they are not likely ever to move into the realm of real buildings.
The dhurries are designed by Mr. Ahuja himself or the creative young staff in his Bombay office.
Among contemporary novelists, Iris Murdoch is supremely conscious of this need.
The Republican Representative would run this year against Democratic Senator Daniel Patrick Moynihan.
They have maintained that he waffled on the emotional nuclear dump issue, at first saying it was the patriotic duty of Nevadans to accept it, then standing by idly while the Senate Energy Committee, of which he is a member, passed the bill, then opposing it when it was too late.
However, because of data compression techniques that squeeze twice as much information into the same amount of space, or band width, the performance of some types of 9,600 baud modems is really 19,200 b.p.s, or 19.2 kilobits a second.
My children and I pray for the prompt release and safe return of my wife and their mother.''
Fitzgerald withdrew with a torn muscle in his right calf with the American leading, 6-4, 1-4.
''Every major university and professional team capitalizes on its logo, so why not us?''
Legislation pending in the House and Senate calls for the expenditure of $15 million over five years to start a pollution research center for the Bight, the ocean waters extending east from Sandy Hook, N.J., south of Long Island.
The number of working oil and gas rigs fell by 10 last week, to a total of 923, Baker Hughes Inc. said today.
It's emotional, just the way people buy cars.''
''I believe in equal rights, if that's what it is.
Klavdia ... Nonna Mordukova Yefim ... Rolan Bykov Maria ... Raisa Nedaskovskaya Commander ... Vasily Shukshin WITH: Ludmila Volynskaya, Lyuba Katz, Pavlik Levin, Dima Kleinman, Igor Fishman, Marta Bratkova, O. Koveridze, L. Reutov, V. Shakhov.
Tickets, at $8 and $5, (free for students and the elderly) are available weekdays in the Juilliard Concert Office.
usually does not verify license application information, visit the facility before granting a license or have specific detailed criteria for its license reviewers to determine when a denial is warranted,'' the Congressional report said.
Meanwhile, at least a few banks are stepping back from the rush to issue new cards.
COMPATIBLE NETWORKS Apple 130.0 Datapoint 10.0 Hewlett-Packard 4.8 Apollo 4.2 Sun 3.5 3Com 3.4 (Source: International Data Corp.)
He is pacing near midcourt, running his left hand through his silver-gray hair, his diamond-filled championship ring sparkling, his players round him executing his commands.
So, in 1951, when Rudolf Bing, then general manager of the Metropolitan Opera, discussed with Copland a commission for making ''Our Town'' into an opera, the composer wrote to the playwright about a collaboration.
Under the arrangement, the satellites would be sold to Asiasat, a British-Chinese consortium based in Hong Kong, by the Hughes Aircraft Company, a satellite maker.
Copper futures prices soared as new labor unrest in Peru prompted scare buying, while oil prices were down sharply.
''We had an incredibly talented student population.''
In the Senate, meanwhile, Democrats are calling for a shift in spending priorities from enforcement to programs meant to discourage drug use and to treat drug abusers.
While we are amused that the Bush campaign would find its political philosophy reflected in the song, 'Don't Worry, Be Happy,' we do not wish to have the composition associated with any Presidential candidate.''
New York lags way behind: the base tax on most commuters who work in the city is less than a third of that paid by residents.
The six partners in the restaurant already hold franchises for several fast-food spots on the highway.
Aid Contracts to Be Retained He said that the new Aramco would retain its technical and managerial assistance contracts with the four former Aramco parents - the Exxon Corporation, the Mobil Corporation, Texaco Inc. and the Chevron Corporation - but not necessarily with the same contracts or the same terms.
''When you snort cocaine, the high lasts for a while, but it is not very strong.
At that time, Conceptual art loosened a flood of words - used singly, in provocative phrases and long texts - into what has become, increasingly, the mainstream.
to compete for clients, but it may be harder for it to attract and hold the 100 agents who represent those stars, particularly the hottest young agents.
He will give a free performance at 3 P.M. today in the Yale University Art Gallery as part of the gallery's Celebration of African Art and Culture exhibition.
He currently serves on the board as an industry representative and was vice chairman in 1985.
Import Restrictions Removed To increase the flow of goods into Poland, the Government has removed virtually all import restrictions.
Nor are civilian aircraft immune to disaster.
Carnegie Hall, for example, sets aside 12,000 free concert tickets.
His fashion run paid for a round-trip air ticket from Paris and for several months of life in Brazzaville.
LEAD: *3*** COMPANY REPORTS ** *3* Electro-Sensors Inc Qtr to June 30 1988 1987 Sales 1,087,358 1,199,046 Net inc 102,309 200,592 Share earns .06 .11 6mo sales 2,403,331 2,204,479 Net inc 292,594 309,539 Share earns .16 .17 View Full Article in Timesmachine 
''As neighborhoods get popular, we get caught flat-footed,'' a company spokesman, David W. Bradley, said.
The agreement was signed at a meeting here today between Defense Secretary Frank C. Carlucci and the Egyptian Defense Minister, Lieut.
It is true that there are not a great many ways to define shoe or mud, yet dictionary definitions are copyrighted.
In January 1968, after the Tet offensive in Vietnam, the C.I.A.
Indeed, some analysts predict the whole industry will be turned topsy-turvy, with new powerhouses emerging.
Traded Reggie Dobie, pitcher, to Seattle for Chuck Carr, outfielder.
The 1986 year loss included a $42.8 million writeoff of goodwill.
Because each telephone in the system is on a separate line, the user's monthly bill includes a record of the duration and location of every call on all extensions.
Rattle has repeatedly turned down offers to come to London to take charge of orchestras there, saying that ''London has some absolutely great players and that's about it .
But the woman will insist that they continue to shop around.
So last October, the Denglers and their three children, Matthew, 12, Nicholas, 10, and Anna, 7, moved into their three-bedroom, tile-roofed home with a pool on a half-acre in the affluent Villard Hill section of Dobbs Ferry.
But then she was angered to learn that they were being collected for short-term profit at the risk of extinction.
Andrew Kohut, president of the Gallup Organization, said too many polls had been conducted after major events, like the conventions and the Presidential debates.
''With understandable exceptions, he was on duty every morning at 0700 and worked a full day,'' said a general for whom he worked.
There are no private rail lines in Hungary, so all cities will be accessible.
Gray, the retired chief executive of the United Technologies Corporation, said he has noticed higher prices for certain materials, and now even their ''chemical substitutes are going up.''
Housing 197.3 8.1 Net exports -136.4 N.A.
FROM time to time waiters passed through the train, selling snacks and beverages.
''It's as if McDonald's had decided to insert a Roman villa motif into one of its theme restaurants,'' wrote Charles Moore, the architect, in a guidebook to Los Angeles.
The Philadelphia situation did not put upward pressure on the Federal funds rate.
The registry published its 1988 directory last week, with the names, addresses and phone numbers of those who qualify.
Anti-Drug Charter Just how much progress the sides can make this week is questionable.
Yet the 1988 Presidential campaign has begun with a coarse exchange over the Pledge of Allegiance, initiated by Vice President Bush.
Dr. Savitz: Currently they are more expensive because of the low volume and because we are still on the learning curve.
In January 1988, Avery Inc. announced plans to sell Uniroyal Chemical and Avery Coal and, accordingly, Avery restated all prior periods to reflect these companies as discontinued operations.
''If there's cork in it, Louisville Slugger did it because I just took those bats out of the box today.''
HUDSON MAY START AGAIN Afterward, Piniella said he would likely keep Hudson in the pitching rotation.
''It is because of our suffering,'' said Cpl.
Soviet officials never did offer a list of 10 available players to the N.H.L., as Alan Eagleson, head of the N.H.L.
Separate Investigation In addition to the grand jury investigation, Sundstrand has said that a committee of its outside directors has hired Philip W. Tone, a former Federal appeals judge now in private practice in Chicago, to conduct a separate investigation.
about a temporary, very temporary halt in trading.''
Education, in its broader, more liberal and more imaginative sense, would be fundamental to the work of the foundation.
The price reductions range from 12 to 17 percent.
''It's a lot of work.''
It had been thrown out with other papers, although, life being what it is, the bill for it remained secure in another pile.
When Pepa seeks legal advice, the lawyer happens to be Ivan's newest mistress.
''The Revolution happened quite a while back, so I think the park service can wait a few years,'' said Richard Filipowski, a Lexington resident.
But in his acceptance speech at the convention, he hit it over the top of the broadcast booths.
Remove and discard the seeds.
Noticing it, Dave Winfield picked it up, glanced at it, turned and tossed it up into the lower stands.
Fares from $1,095 to $2,190, including air fare from many cities.
''For now, we have agreed that the assets in the holding company - and what to do with those assets - is an issue we will push over to the side,'' said Steve Katsanos, a spokesman for the Federal Deposit Insurance Corporation.
With Bunuel, Carriere accommodated himself to a director who insisted the dialogue come last; Godard preferred it come never.
Both division leaders will surface in the East on Friday: the Dodgers in Philadelphia, the Mets in Shea Stadium against the San Francisco Giants.
''It is kind of un-American to me.
In an odd way, his double of the four-diamond cue-bid, intended to help his partner find a lead, helped him in the same department.
A $50 Billion Option A second and far less tough option discussed by Mr. Dole today would involve limiting spending growth on Social Security and all other programs in the budget to 2 percent a year.
The Casa del Libro, a museum with three floors of historical volumes, stands nearby at 255 Cristo Street (free admission; open Monday to Friday from 11 A.M. to 4:30 P.M.).
But those who develop symptoms are at risk of spreading the disease.
He said that the amount of sewage dumped into the harbor in 1986 ''would cover all of metropolitan Boston up to a depth of 17 feet.''
B.A.T., a paper and financial services company, has filed a lawsuit against California's insurance commissioner.
Bush will resign from the Presidency, enabling Vice President Reagan to go back to the White House.
Manierre Dawson's brief painting career is one of the forgotten cul-de-sacs of 20th-century art history, one that the small exhibition of his paintings on view at the Whitney Museum of American Art shines light into, without completely illuminating.
I stood on two crates to reach the wood stove.
''It's all about making things on a modest scale or thinking about going into someone's home and finding something that stands on its own, but that doesn't jump out and say: 'Look at me.
Kim Truitt was the first client.
'Evidence of a Slowing Down' ''The trade numbers gave a boost to the dollar, but the fact that imports are down indicated continued evidence of a slowing down of the economy,'' said James T. McGroarty, a trader at the Discount Corporation in New York.
In a 450- to 500-watt oven cook, uncovered, at 100 percent power for 20 minutes, stirring once.
PPG, based in Pittsburgh, terminated the bid last week without explanation.
''It's a freak,'' he said.
In addition, it is now possible to make hotel reservations for any of six InterCity hotels in Hanover, Heidelberg, Mannheim, Munich, Stuttgart and Ulm while purchasing a ticket for GermanRail at any of 400 train stations in the country.
The budget has increased over the last 14 years, but it is still minimal; the allotment is now $5,000, with a requirement to make one half-hour videotape.
The guys aren't hitting the ball.''
People who drive through the Holland Tunnel to jobs in New York City can expect a longer morning trip starting tomorrow, when one lane of eastbound traffic approaching the entrance will be closed so a tollbooth rehabilitation project can begin.
Mr. Kayne, who is 49, succeeds William Belzberg, 54, who will remain as chairman of Far West.
Commercialization has also brought television into the mix, although this year's race may be a television bust.
But in comments to reporters before the talks began, Vice President Sergio Ramirez Mercado said ''mutual accusations'' would not poison the atmosphere in the conference room.
The scrutiny is making her fidget; she has been eyeing her watch, as though time, or tolerance, were running out.
Dr. Garber's testimony, and that of two other witnesses called during the day's session at State Supreme Court in Manhattan, was interrupted at various times by the roar of fireworks outside the courthouse in lower Manhattan near Chinatown, as residents celebrated the Chinese New Year.
She walked between the 10-story buildings, handing out pamphlets.
Affidavits Under Seal Affidavits supporting the search warrants remained under seal today.
'A Very Curious Situation' ''It's a very curious situation to find oneself in,'' said Jay C. Lipner, a New York lawyer who is a consultant for AIDS advocacy groups throughout the country.
''I would have woken him up,'' he explains ruefully, ''but from the way he was dressed he looked like at least Tuckahoe!''
The largest company in the field is Entertainment Publications in Birmingham, Mich., which offers a discount coupon book in 90 geographic areas.
Most diners would be wise to eschew appetizers, as entree portions are enormous.
'A Bad Vote' for Ratings For example, Representative Anthony C. Beilenson, who prides himself on his record as an environmentalist, voted last month against a bill that would authorize the purchase of 542 acres adjoining Manassas National Battlefield Park in northern Virginia to prevent a real estate developer from building a sprawling shopping mall on the site.
Two traditional mantels were installed as well: an English Regency in the dining room and an 18th-century American one in the master bedroom.
Michael S. Dukakis traces his fluent Spanish and his interest in Latin America to his time as an exchange student here, an elderly Peruvian woman with strong political views visibly swells with pride over how well her ''North American son'' has done.
''We believe in democracy in the most profound meaning of the word, and that may mean carrying things that the other media don't use,'' Mr. Canalda said.
San Diego has grown into the seventh-largest American city, but without a bigger airport many say it will be destined forever to live as the sunny land of sailboats and surfboards, the economic and cultural satellite of its behemoth neighbor 125 miles to the north, Los Angeles.
In my youth, I walked out boldly into the night without the baggage of a chicken.
''We'll keep doing what we did before, but we'll do it better with Paul,'' Mr. Wolfensohn said.
WHEN workers ripped up the nine-year-old artificial turf at Riverfront Stadium two weeks ago to clear the way for the installation of a new surface, they were instructed by Cincinnati Reds officials to save one piece of the carpet - and of baseball history.
I've got things I want to do; they've got things they want to do.''
I've got my life savings invested here.
Thinking it was a malfunction, she said she shut the alarm off and went to bed.
sees a campaign target in Wright REGIONAL B1-9, B28 Glenda Brawley took sanctuary in a Queens church to avoid testifying about her daughter's account of a racial assault.
The bank holding company said it sold $50 million of 91-day commercial paper at an average rate of 6.431 percent, down from 6.61 percent last week.
The infant mortality rate is twice the national rate.
France at one time had the ambition to become the Japan of Europe, and its high technical skills have certainly given it leadership in some technical products, such as modern rail equipment.
''I admire his sense of the morbid.
Law-enforcement officials say lawmakers were mentioned in wiretaps, primarily one wiretap placed on the telephone of a consultant who is a focal point of the inquiry.
The buyout also catapulted Mr. Lewis into being perhaps the most influential black businessman in America.
Computers have also been a significant boon to specialists who place candidates' commercials on television and radio.
As a child he used stay close to home and one could often find him in his room drawing cartoon characters.
TONI WASHINGTON, Labor Relations Manager I don't accept it in its entirety.
And it will probably be purchased sight unseen by someone who is buying a home for the first time.
Some He Says He Helped At various points, Mr. Jackson criticized not only Democratic state leaders but also the party's national chairman, Paul G. Kirk Jr., and, by implication, an array of Senators Mr. Jackson said he had helped to elect.
The first California condor chick conceived in captivity cracked a tiny hole in its eggshell today, beginning a struggle to break free that could last three days.
''We are giving them money to do both,'' said Michael Zimmerman, senior associate director of the G.A.O.
''If he had spoken of the two members of his family who were victims of violent crime, he could have changed the tone of the debate and shown his passion.''
It was a highly competitive field, and H. P. Kraus - then as today - offered old and rare books, particularly the classics.
AS part of an international race to develop new ways to make synthetic diamonds, manufacturers have begun to coat objects as diverse as drills and dentures with synthetic diamond films.
Michael S. Dukakis of Massachusetts said today that it had apologized to Senator Paul Simon, a rival, over a Dukakis staff member's attempt to ''volunteer'' at a Simon campaign office.
I think I did what my team needed.
Three Series Appearances Pitching in the World Series of 1933, 1936 and 1937, King Carl won four games and lost two with an exceptional earned run average of 1.79.
General Manager Lou Piniella immediately pronounced Candelaria the team's third starter, but questions existed over how effective the left-hander might be.
He also suggested another amendment that would carry stiff fines if tenants falsify financial records to qualify for rent controls.
Nicaragua's President, Daniel Ortega Saavedra, said in an interview Friday night that his Government will propose extending the truce for 30 days.
He was content to let me sort out my priorities, to choose to continue the journey or leave it to the next willing passerby.
One of three new teams entering the top 20 was Oklahoma State (8-2), which beat Iowa State, 49-28, behind the rushing of Barry Sanders, the Heisman candidate who gained 293 yards and scored four touchdowns.
Mr. Reagan has emerged as a more complex figure than either his liberal detractors or his conservative disciples ever imagined possible.
'Mythos Oedipus' Performances of ''Mythos Oedipus,'' the La Mama founder Ellen Stewart's dance-opera, also begin this evening.
In the end, ''just as Lyndon Johnson had understood, Fortas became inextricably linked with the Texan's dying Presidency.''
The region's largest industries, oil and grain, have been suffering though the spasms of changing markets.
It Is a List, No More The county inventory is only a list and provides no legal restrictions on the development of the property, nor do the owners of these sites receive any monetary benefit from their inclusion..
Others claim there is room enough for some moderate-income units, including opportunities for working-class families to own their own homes.
(Thinking back on that course, I realize I paid a high price: To this day, I can never get straight the plot of ''Twelfth Night.'')
* Squibb Corp. has filed for an offering of up to $200 million in debt securities.
In a monograph titled ''A Conspiracy of Good Intentions,'' she argues that textbook publishers are simply bowing to the demands of state, district and local textbook evaluation committees who, in turn, have been cowed by angry parents and taxpayers demanding to see better results for the tax dollars they send to the schools.
Late today, the interim City Manager, Neil J. DeLuca, sent an invitation to the Federal judge, Leonard B.
Deborah A. Coleman, the former manufacturing chief who rose to become the chief financial officer and vice president of Apple Computer Inc., said yesterday that she would take a five-month leave of absence because of health and personal considerations.
''This is the Pyramids of backyard projects.''
But nations - especially West Germany - don't want to submit to the new rules.
After the death of the horse the son observes his mother and father in their vulnerability, shame and tenderness.
The measure grew out of the landmark statute passed in 1968, after the Rev.
''We do a lot of matrimonial work,'' Mr. Ferrarone said.
I have always favored the establishment of smoking cities and non-smoking cities.
''If I cannot accept this,'' he said, ''I can understand it.''
Panama, whose legal currency is the United States dollar, urgently needs cash to pay some 150,000 public employees.
In a significant shift in coverage of the Presidential debates, the television networks declared George Bush the victor Thursday night.
He won't do it with this guy.
Q. I have a faucet recessed two inches into the bathroom wall that needs a new faucet seat.
Eureka has recorded winter temperatures as low as 68 degrees below zero, and the first six weeks of 1988 passed before the temperature rose above 30 degrees below.
The songs are superlatively sung with expression and wit by Timothy Nolen, who sits at the side of the stage, accompanied sensitively by Gordon Boelzner at the piano.
In the study, the centers used a formula that comes up with a Body Mass Index.
Markets The dollar rose as the United States and its allies bought dollars for the second day in the foreign exchange market.
The pickets ''showed up last Wednesday, they had about 2,000, Thursday 1,500 to 1,800,'' said Deputy Inspector Edward Fitzgerald of Patrol Borough Manhattan South.
The question of industry concentration ''just hasn't been on the national agenda,'' said Mr. Harl, the Iowa State antitrust expert, alluding to a trend toward big mergers and acquisitions that has gathered momentum during the Reagan years with little apparent attention from the Administration's antitrust officials.
The horrendous practical and spiritual problems of Powell's career are carefully noted, but always in terms of her indomitability.
8 on the Billboard album chart.
But one fundamental aspect continued to elude me.
In early November of that year, as his unit supported marines on Guadalcanal, he was cut down by machine gun fire.
Bans Called Wrong Approach Mr. Rifkin's coalition, a group of 17 surrogate mothers now opposed to the practice, recently wrote the attorneys general in 12 states where surrogate brokers operate, demanding their closure for selling babies.
They say that the six, all but one of whom are white, have confessed and that at least some are now cooperating with the authorities.
''And if we're behind, and we have to push the boat to the limit, that's what we're going to do at the risk of breaking.''
Texaco Inc. today ended 361 days of protection from creditors in the biggest bankruptcy in the nation's history as it wired $3 billion via a New York bank to the Pennzoil Company in Houston in a matter of minutes and put in motion payments of $2.5 billion more to various creditors.
''To raise the discount rate at this time would create a host of problems.''
As taxpayers and travelers will agree, money wisely spent on safety will pay dividends many times over.
Statements Not Convincing Neither has any explanation by the United States been convincing, such as the claim that the captain of the Vincennes thought he was being attacked by an Iranian F-14 jet.
's View ''If a product is sold with claims to make cigarettes safer, it is a medical device,'' said William Grigg, an F.D.A.
Smith was safe, and Ojeda was gone after trying to throw a test pitch.
Meanwhile, Sotheby's announced that it would offer on Oct. 18 the largest ruby ever auctioned - a 48-carat stone carrying a presale estimate of $15 million.
If it hesitates at the turning point of each wiggle, even infinitesimally, the sound becomes distorted.
Just Sunday in a nationally broadcast speech, President Saddam Hussein betrayed not the slightest sign of any hope that the war might end soon.
In general, they say, a weaker dollar eliminates Japanese fears of inflation, because Japan uses dollars to pay for everything from Saudi Arabian oil to American wheat.
More than 130 companies, organizations and government agencies are sponsoring the monthlong effort, including the Software Publisher's Association, which conceived it, and the National Education Association.
Rare Improvement ''It's not often you get this type of across-the-board improvement,'' Mr. Ehrenhalt said, attributing the changes to both strong performances in the construction, service and wholesale and retail trade industries, as well as to ''the baby-bust generation,'' characterized by smaller numbers of young people entering the work force than in previous years.
In Connecticut: 6 A.M. to 8 P.M. Television Coverage Begins at 7 P.M. Eastern time on ABC, CBS and NBC.
Let's take a fresh look -maybe they should build a smaller building.''
A ribbon of the Legion of Honour or a string of medals may prove a person's courage; a title may prove his birth; a professorial chair his study and acquirement; but it is the habitual carriage of the umbrella that is the stamp of Respectability.
The main offenders are brokerage firms, politicians (in November), alma maters, public broadcasting stations and, yes, even phone companies.
But he said, ''We have to anticipate that rising mortgage interest rates will lead to a tailing off in the second half of the year.''
Finding opportunities sparse because of rising prices for buildable ''shells'' in those communities, he shifted activities to Greenpoint.
Virtually all the key statistics in the AIDS epidemic are suffused with uncertainty, a problem underscored by the rising debate over the reduction, to 200,000 from 400,000, in the number of New York City residents whom health officials believe are infected with the AIDS virus.
Mr. Ponnelle was one of the first stage designers to direct his own productions, a fusion that insured the single-minded unity and clarity of his work.
In the heart of the capital, men with machetes were slicing the tops off coconuts and selling the fluid inside.
They added that the military exchange lasted only a few minutes before the Iranians headed back eastward to the Iranian coast.
But loosening the cultural stays was an important residue of the Jazz Age.
''Police Academy 5'' is rated PG.
I value every encounter with the creatures in my life - even the two huge gutsy raccoons who regularly dine on our garbage and who are not fazed by maledictions, threats, brooms, snarling cats, or my latest brainstorm, a fortissimo blast from a harmonica held two feet away.
But Mr. Keith and other blacks say they are amazed that people are still debating that issue, or that they are questioning whether racism plays a part in the continuing opposition to the desegregation plan.
In a mid-July report on the company, the Value Line Investment Survey remarked that ''even the weather is smiling on Insilco,'' with the dry spell helping increase paint sales in the West.
''Short Circuit,'' which has been rated PG (''Parental Guidance Suggested''), contains some situations that might be mildly distressing to especially timid tots.
In West Virginia, officials reported, Margarette Leach of Huntington, one of six electors on the winning Democratic slate, cast her Presidential vote for Mr. Bentsen and her Vice-Presidential vote for Mr. Dukakis.
But even literary biographies are profitable now.
Senator Edward M. Kennedy will be in the state next week.
An exhaustive statistical analysis led by a Stanford University psychologist, examining thousands of shots in actual games, found otherwise: the probability of a successful shot depends not at all on the shots that come before.
It's not, 'Isn't everybody having a terrible time,' but 'Why is this happening?'
The essay conveys a sense of intellectual adventure that criticism is often too heavy-handed to capture.
That gave the Springer family a 52 percent majority interest in the concern, according to the statement, which was also issued in the name of the Burda brothers.
b-Net loss and included a provision for takeover defense costs of $1.1 million, or $629,000 after pro forma tax effect.
Last year, the Prince criticized the despoiling of the area around St. Paul's, Sir Christopher Wren's masterpiece.
Note: Serve the trout with plain boiled new potatoes.
Now Mr. Jacobi's startled question, ''Are you dying?''
That leaves Mr. Dusenberry plenty of time for deep thoughts.
Nuns Speak Out To Support Prioress Seven nuns who support the prioress are the latest to be heard from in the dispute dividing a Carmelite monastery in Morristown, N.J.
In three indictments containing a total of 131 counts, prosecutors had charged Miss Michaels with sexually abusing, terrorizing and endangering the welfare of the children, aged 3 to 5 at the time, between October 1984, when she was hired, and April 1985, when she resigned from the center.
He missed winning his second tournament in a row last Sunday when a 67 was only good enough for a tie when Curtis Strange made a magnificent birdie on 18th hole and then beat Norman on the second hole of a playoff with a 25-foot putt.
Mr. Bialer says Mr. Yeltsin raised questions about the overall leadership of the party and suggested that Mr. Gorbachev was being showered with too much praise by the Politburo.
Samaranch Prepares Letter Juan Antonio Samaranch, the president of the International Olympic Committee, said in an interview that he was preparing a letter to Fidel Castro, the Cuban leader, in which he intended to ''stress very strongly that Cuba must be present at the Seoul Games.''
The new policy was the direct result of pressure from desperate AIDS patients, who have only one approved treatment available in this country, AZT, or azidothymidine, which is too toxic for many patients to take for long periods.
'They Are Quite Uptight' People reacted with alarm to the advisory.
To some extent, the United States has encouraged the development of more sophisticated military industries in other nations.
At the same time, the campaign has built a formidable organization in Iowa, which nightly confers with supporters from one end of the state to the other.
Flames 5, Blackhawks 3 CHICAGO (AP) - Mike Bullard scored two power-play goals and picked up an assist and Joe Nieuwendyk, a rookie center, got his 17th power-play goal to lead Calgary.
The bug-ridden new chancery at the embassy in the Soviet capital is not only a security disaster; it's an architectural blob - a block of red brick no grander than New York City's police headquarters, to which it bears striking resemblance.
Looking at Garry's contact sheets, it is clear that the line between life and work was blurred.
Mr. Mabuza, 18 years old, was shot outside his home a week earlier, apparently because his father belonged to a multiracial political alliance, the United Democratic Front.
Mr. Murphy declares bluntly that most men are cheaters and most women schemers in a never-ending power struggle.
He was 82 years old and lived in Manhattan.
LEAD: *3*** COMPANY REPORTS ** *3*CARLISLE COS (NYSE) Qtr to Dec 31 1987 1986 Sales 135,212,000 115,139,000 Net inc 4,452,000 4,699,000 Share earns .54 .53 Yr sales 542,791,000 466,075,000 Net inc 18,799,000 19,672,000 Share earns 2.25 2.16 Shares outst 8,355,000 9,115,000 View Full Article in Timesmachine 
And the main point is taxes have been cut and yet income is up to the Federal Government by 25 percent in the last three years.
Did he have he other choreographers, dancers or companies in mind?
Aides have become defensive at suggestions that Mr. Bush may pay a price for what could be regarded as sitting on his lead in public opinion polls, much as Mr. Dukakis appeared to do when he was about 17 points ahead of the Vice President after the Democratic National Convention last July.
''But of course we are victims of the economic crisis of Brazil today -the enormous debt.
''My mother, who was a fabulous cook, cut up the greens and added beans and sliced pepperoni and garlic and olive oil and stirred it all up.
White students assume that their minority classmates have been admitted because of lowered standards.
Zubin Mehta will conduct the orchestra next Thursday and Feb. 19, 20 and 23, all at 8 P.M.
Explaining how the idea for the concert had evolved, Mr. Blakemore, a senior at Rye High School, said, speaking of the Rye Performing Arts Center: ''This fall I went into our auditorium that is so well-equipped and used mostly for school musicals, concerts and plays, and I thought, 'Why not use this space for a good cause outside of school?'
The Mayor also proposed eliminating $7.7 million in additional funds allocated to libraries in the current fiscal year, reducing catch-basin cleaning by the Environmental Protection Department to save $2.6 million, and eliminating $5.6 million of funds added this year for the Cultural Affairs Department.
Dr. Anthony S. Fauci, director of the National Institute of Allergy and Infectious Diseases, in Bethesda, Md.
The law that the Court has now created to defeat the family's claim is only one of several options open to Congress.
Executing a few who are selected by a system that is capricious, arbitrary and not racially neutral will not do away with the public's distrust of the legal system.
Divorced from all the hoopla, what is deconstructivism itself?
With umbilical cords like lamb chops, who needs God?
The school board association assailed another Regent, Floyd S. Linton, for not attending local school board meetings on Long Island, where he lives.
More cosmopolitan, with food and live Greek and international music, are the Nefeli (251 Syngrou Avenue; 9428-160) and at Varkiza Beach (8971-159).
Two orchestral works by Ermanno Wolf-Ferrari will be played for the first time in the United States tonight at 8 o'clock at the Manhattan School of Music, Broadway at 122d Street.
''If a kid develops homesickness halfway through the session rather than at the beginning, that's a red flag that something isn't right,'' said Mr. Ditter.
G.O.,'' who eats marshes for breakfast, lunch and dinner.
Shareholders challenging Texaco Inc.'s proposal to grant sweeping releases and indemnities to officers and advisers involved in its acquisition of Getty Oil will have the right to gather documents and testimony from them before the March 22 hearing on Texaco's bankruptcy reorganization plan, Bankruptcy Judge Howard Schwartzberg ruled yesterday.
Dermatologists find it useful to think in terms of an itch-scratch system, rather than in terms of itch alone.
The owners hoped the new stadium would help win new fans and put an end to their financial woes.
Many budget experts lament the tax cut of 1981 as missing an opportunity to bring the deficit under control.
They called it ''The Great American Challenge.''
Median house price: $550,000 Property tax on median house: $7,700.
Small wonder the decorator lives in dread fear of a leaky tub faucet.
In ''Tough Change,'' Bernard Lefkowitz has drawn a moving portrait of kids at risk, and he writes in a style that captures their words and images.
The convergence of these events ''may be ironic,'' said Representative Les Aspin, chairman of the House Armed Services Committee, ''but I don't think it was done with malice aforethought.
In Albany, Mr. Cuomo's press secretary, Gary G. Fryer, said the Governor had spoken today with all parties, ''some more than once.''
Unfortunately, the girlish appearance of the child and the leer on the face of the skipper to whom he's addressing the question combine to make the picture look like the prelude to a seduction.
His unique vision penetrated the emotional enigmas that flare up between the athlete and his performance.
She acknowledged that in some cases, would-be voters might have been mistakenly removed through errors either by the board or the post office.
''And I made some moves to get it.
Brown defeated Radcliffe by 2.1 seconds, or a half boat length, in the time of 6 minutes 23.2 seconds.
The bridegroom is a great-great-grandson of Joseph B. Bloomingdale, who founded Bloomingdale's with his brother, Lyman G. Bloomingdale.
The D-5's ability to destroy hardened targets will quickly give the United States a first-strike capability.
When Dap and his friends go to a downtown fast-food restaurant and have an unfriendly encounter with a group of locals, for instance, they're face to face with an uncomfortable truth: the downtown blacks don't see them as apartheid-fighting crusaders, only as privileged college boys.
''The special assignments and things like that will evolve over time,'' Mr. Quayle said.
In the car, I wonder why it has to be this way in our country.
But Fed officials and economists caution against reading too much into one set of numbers, especially since other recent data on automobile sales, home sales and capital goods have suggested the opposite - that a slowdown is indeed under way.
It is a consequence, he said, of being short-staffed, and of not having the time for the more lengthy tests of food-handling procedures.
His talk will focus on prospects for the individual investor, and there will be an opportunity for members of the audience to ask questions.
Indiana's Scott Skiles sank one of two foul shots eight seconds later to get the Pacers within 3.
FOR most people, there is a golden memory of the time a father, an older sibling or a friend's parent trotted alongside, a hand on the seat or handlebars, steadying us as we wobbled about learning to ride a bicycle.
Justice Hugo L. Black spoke those homely words from the bench of the Supreme Court on March 18, 1963.
Gulch, bred and owned by Peter M. Brant, was trained by Leroy Jolley until this year, when Brant turned over his horses to D. Wayne Lukas.
The Commerce Department referred calls seeking comment to the Justice Department.
To the Editor: The benefit performance of the Broadway musical ''Hair'' staged by the Creo Society at the United Nations General Assembly Hall, which is under investigation by the New York State Attorney General's office because only 9 percent of the proceeds went to the beneficiaries (news story, Nov. 21), is not typical of fund raising for acquired immune deficiency syndrome.
''My Name Is Caroline'' faithfully adheres to this format - except that the disease that Caroline Adams Miller suffers from is not alcoholism, but bulimia, and the organization she credits with her recovery is not A.A., but a similar group for overeaters.
Another of the major subplots of the book, also associated with language, is the gradual development of a child called Turtle, for whom Taylor becomes responsible.
He said he'd get me this weekend in Montreal.''
I said to the California chapter, 'Is there any way I can help?'
Students said the victory was especially sweet because it had come against the Tigers, the team they were playing when they dropped their 35th consecutive game last October to set a record among Division I colleges for most losses in a row.
It's been quite a journey.''
Speculation centered on Grand Metropolitan P.L.C., the Marriott Corporation and two corporate acquirers, Carl C. Icahn, chairman of Trans World Airlines Inc., and John W. Kluge, head of the Metromedia Company.
But who wants to lug around $2 worth of nickels in his pocket when a paper receipt would do?
When he recruited Devers-Roberts, he told her and her family that along with improvement will come suspicions and accusations.
Military historians were equally blinded.
But the survivors of the heyday, as depicted in the movie ''Dirty Dancing'' last year, appear to be holding their own.
Young, an assistant professor of preventive medicine at the University of Wisconsin Center for Health Sciences, suggested a protective effect from childhood diets rich in peanut butter, milk and cheese, which are also high-fat foods, and the study found no particular risk from the use of fats like butter and salad dressing that are added to foods.
''However, we haven't rented anything yet and we are only looking for space at this stage.''
And no matter how good Mr. Shultz's good offices may be, they cannot succeed until the Israeli government speaks with one voice.
Ryan, though, connected on 53 percent of his passes in his four starts, gaining 6.6 yards an attempt.
Although he cannot predict which members of the insulin-resistant group will get diabetes, Dr. Kahn can say that it is unlikely that those who are sensitive to insulin will develop the disease.
Other manufacturers give no clues on their packaging about whether the dryer is a new or older model, and you can't tell by looking whether electrical parts have been waterproofed.
A woman was cooking on a homemade clay stove.
Edberg and Wilander won the doubles match, 8-6, 6-4, 8-6.
Roger Salander's evening at Weill Recital Hall on Wednesday brought us a side of clarinet playing we rarely hear.
''If you're a nothing, you've got lots of company,'' Beetle says, a backhanded acknowledgement of all our average, humble heroes.
We shouldn't put all our eggs in one basket and expect Washington to solve our problems.''
Smith, the former world record-holder, nearly fell as he left the starting block but regained his balance and overtook Chidi Imoh of Nigeria and Brian Cooper of the United States in the final 5 meters to win in 10.12.
Jurors heard four months of testimony about the $25 million swindle that snared Wall Street brokerages, major banks and small investors.
Meanwhile, six-month bills were sold at an average discount rate of 6.28 percent, up from 6.14 percent a week ago.
A British Airways plane had been scheduled to fly to Beijing Wednesday with 150 passengers, but China unexpectedly withheld permission for the flight.
In the fourth quarter of 1986 the return amounted to 14.4 percent.
The Sanctions Declared Mr. Delvalle's proclamation prescribes a wide range of economic sanctions against the Government dominated by General Noriega, including an order to Panamanian consulates to withhold lucrative fees from shipping companies for registering ships in Panama.
Ms. Kowalski, a high school teacher of physical education and health, has an injured brain stem.
Olympia & York made a $260 million capital injection into Campeau during the battle for Federated.
Some have symptoms that are unmistakable and others show no outward signs of the disease.
Some people see this as a step back toward the gold standard.
Midway through Barry Glassner's intriguing analysis of why we Americans are so obsessed with exercise, weight control and the way our bodies look, the reader begins hoping to meet someone normal.
Mr. Gayoom, President since 1978, is credited with opening the Indian Ocean island chain to the outside world and developing a thriving tourist industry.
Analysts said that option, as well as the level of the bid, made it unlikely that Pirelli would compete.
And it illuminated the painted leather puppets he manipulated, holding their buffalo-horn stems, between the lamp and the 4-by-7-foot cloth.
The bank converted to stock form on July 19, 1987.
One message of conciliation came from Ms. Estrich, who said in an interview with ABC News, ''The way we're going to win in November is to reach out to Reverend Jackson, to his excellent staff, and to his supporters around the country and bring them into a unified campaign.''
Because the program is the least contentious of the Reagan Administration's covert aid programs and complements overt assistance of $3.5 million a year approved by Congress in 1985, it has received little publicity over the years.
The Orioles, after all, have also been loyal to Baltimore.
She said her donations were given frequently to encourage leadership and build self-esteem.
That changed for Tyson after he turned pro in March 1985 and began to succeed in the ranks, but he was keenly aware of the hypocrisy involved: The same people who once shunned him now wanted to befriend him.
But there is more to his Debussy than mere credentials.
Most prominent in their support of Miss Pellay and Mr. Powell are Ronald Allen, as an intelligence chief sympathetic to revolution; Jimmy Fagg, as a terrorist with a weakness for ancient jokes, and Sandra Dorne, as Nosher's social-climbing wife, who has a fondness for musclemen and chocolate bonbons.
Dr. Feynman's first wife, whom he married in 1941, died five years later while he was in Los Alamos.
The production will have its premiere here tonight; among its backers are Norman Mailer and the boxing promoter Lou Falcigno.
As a result, the market for sunscreens - designed to protect skin against ultraviolet light - is heating up.
Heat two tablespoons of the butter in a heavy casserole and add the sausage, garlic and half the scallions.
That makes the individual feel part of a crowd - the crowd of the cheated and humiliated.
Priests Slip Onto Grounds Mr. Wrobel said two priests, including the Rev.
I'm playing like a rookie.''
What certainty do we have in the first place that these plants will operate safely and efficiently?
The death toll varied, depending on the informant, from 20 to 200.
's, bank money market accounts and money market mutual funds for the recent week.
Unless action is taken, he said the budget gap, already its widest since the fiscal crisis of the mid-1970's would increase to $2.3 billion or more next year.
The findings carry a painful message of uncertainty for people who were frequently exposed to the virus through sexual intercourse or sharing of needles, but had a negative antibody test result.
#34 Plants Known to Have Problem After the Surry accident, the commission developed evidence of widespread pipe deterioration at the Trojan nuclear plant in Oregon, and as of Jan. 21 this year the commission had identified a total of 34 plants with at least some pipe damage caused by erosion or corrosion.
Mr. Finn, who served briefly as a City Court judge in Glen Cove, was a retired partner of the Manhattan law firm of Fried, Frank, Harris, Shriver & Jacobson.
It's ''Nacht und Traume'' (''Night and Dreams''), based on the Schubert song, and it had its world stage premiere last month in Vienna.
The hazard of aging aircraft was dramatically brought to public attention last April when an Aloha Airlines 737 lost a large part of its fuselage in a flight over Hawaii.
If you can believe, as legend has it, that James Audubon was the ''lost Dauphin'' and that this son of Louis XVI escaped the French Revolution and came to America, then you can believe that ''Birds of America,'' a ballet related to this theme, was actually on the way to completion by George Balanchine.
But this time Duke fans may be leery about being overly confident so early in the season even though the team has gotten off to a 4-0 start.
Mayors would serve four-year, instead of two-year, terms.
Mr. Bodrero said the police did not return fire.
Sol Goodman performed at 6,163 Philharmonic concerts in his 46-year career, not all of them in the heat of the night.
The failure of this venture, and the experience of genteel poverty in Detroit, gave her a lifelong sympathy with underprivileged people.
The tenants' lawyer, Andrea T. Novick, said the rent returns would total about $100,000.
A court ruling may allow performers who sold the rights to their work in films to make more money once those movies are released on videotape.
''It's just an outrage that people can, for their own commercial gain, destroy living public property.
Anyone, for example, who dissents from the anti-Soviet, pro-contra, pro-''Star Wars'' consensus is branded a wimp or a sissy.
The characterizations are ludicrous, but it does not follow that they will have no effect.
(The Group also owns Bergdorf-Goodman, an exclusive specialty store on Fifth Avenue in New York and Contempo Casuals, a chain of more than 200 stores catering to young women.)
Last year at this show, Katie Prudent, now 34 and the matriarch of the grand prix circuit, scolded her husband, who was on hand as her helpmate and a spectator rather than as a fellow rider, for cheering on his countrymen in this event.
Luck was better the second week of March 1987.
TRW has said that the company's 1984 disclosure came before creation of an industrywide program intended to encourage voluntary disclosure of wrongdoing.
But in June the primaries stopped, and Mr. Dukakis had to make his peace with Mr. Jackson.
The next American President will have to consider how a changing U.N. can be used.
The gap between the earnings of men and women has been steadily narrowing since 1979, when the Labor Department first began collecting data on wage differences.
The couple's total income of $45,000 a year or so, for example, equals the average for farms with sales of $100,000 to $250,000.
The ad account for a privately owned AIDS-testing center was awarded to Sturtevant & Hildt.
IN his final address last week, Secretary of Education William J. Bennett praised seven schools as models for excellence in elementary education.
To allow Mr. Bentsen to feel his way this week, the campaign proceeded at a leisurely tempo.
The North Carolina-North Texas game should be another study in orthodoxy.
Attorney General Thornburgh has said that his top priority at the department is combating the scourge of drugs, and this matches my own priority for the department.
Martin Sherman made his debut with a rousing piece of melodrama that was also dead serious, ''Bent.''
Russell Claussen performed the Protestant ceremony at the Plymouth Church of the Pilgrims in Brooklyn.
My friends, when it comes to Social Security and George Bush, don't read his lips; read his record.''
On the revenue side, some kind of consumption tax should be considered.
But after the Newsweek report dictated the changed schedule, Miss Walters was unable to conduct the interview for broadcast Monday night.
Take, for example, the photographs and recipes in ''Spa Food: Menus and Recipes From the Sonoma Misson Inn'' by Edward J. Safdie (Clarkson N. Potter, 1985); ''The Golden Door Cookbook'' by Deborah Szekely with Michel Stroot (privately published by the Golden Door in 1982 and now out of print) and ''Cuisine Naturelle'' by Anton Mosimann (Atheneum, 1986).
Instead the homes, generally priced between $30,000 and $70,000, have been snapped up by others who qualify as low- and moderate-income buyers, most notably young professional families and divorced, single and retired people.
Solidarity leaders who heard Mr. Walesa address a crowd of several thousand shipyard workers and their families outside St. Brygida's Church, the shipyard workers' parish, said he coupled his threat of a strike alert with a warning to ''more radical elements'' within the union to show ''moderation and responsibility.''
At one point during the cross-examination Tuesday by Mr. Simon's lawyer, Maurice N. Nessen, Judge Motley seemed to grow frustrated with the repetitive questioning technique of Mr. Nessen and excused the jurors while she harshly criticized the lawyer, accusing him of deliberately stalling the proceedings in the hope of provoking a mistrial.
Declaring that ''we cannot forever hang on to the past,'' President Roh Tae Woo today urged the South Korean people to forgive former President Chun Doo Hwan for the abuses of his eight-year rule but stopped short of granting Mr. Chun a pardon.
''When earnings rise high enough, the entire benefit is canceled.''
I don't mean you should pander to the audience.
He also said bomber crews had been able to make the system work better than commanders expected.
They love their children, but there are times when they don't really like them, or at least they don't like what their children are doing.
The additional costs added by American Motors, he added, will be cut out by year-end.
In the quarter-final round, which will start later in the year, Hjartarson will be paired with the former world champion Anatoly Karpov of the Soviet Union.
The San Francisco office of Chiat/ Day, the agency whose New York office is responsible for those delightful Nynex Yellow Pages commercials, has come up with some clever advertising for Bushmills Premium Irish Whiskey.
Can you tell me if this is really necessary, and if so where vents should be located?
Rejection Expected Timothy Hurckes, an analyst with Donaldson, Lufkin & Jenrette, said he expected USG to reject the bid as inadequate.
Spouse Can Pay Rent Question: Someone in my building recently had her rent check returned by the owner of the building.
In the play, the owner of the Hamptons beach house is an architect who feels guilty because he designs too-tall buildings that displace the poor.
The Indians scored one run after each of the home runs, Ron Kittle driving one in with a sacrifice fly and Carter the other - and the eventual game winner - with a single.
The November agreement promised a reduction in the deficit for the current fiscal year to $144 billion, down from $150 billion last year, and to $136 billion in 1989 - ''a miserable little pittance,'' as Senator Bob Packwood, Republican of Oregon, put it then.
Today, they insist that consultants implement solutions.
''I was in Nevada six weeks ago and met with a group of 600 senior citizens who were fit to be tied over the financing of the catastrophic health care bill.''
Whether this was fortunate or unfortunate is an interesting question.
Mr. Sheppard and Mr. Marohl were arrested while trying to buy food to distribute to hungry families.
It's unnecessary to reopen the issue.
At that moment, all these incongruous players seem like members of some Felliniesque circus camped on Seventh Avenue.
Another was about a young man who goes to bed in dispair at ever improving his life and starves himself to death.
Ticks Found in Brooklyn If you are bitten by a tick, the chance is only about one in 20 that the tick harbors the parasite, and there is only a small chance that the parasite will be life-threatening, Dr. Durack said in the editorial.
A spokesman for Mr. Abrams, Timothy M. Gilles, said he could not confirm or deny the panel's action, in line with the office's policy of not discussing matters before the grand jury.
'Mere Persuasion' The Court ruled in 1980 that a union was guilty of illegal coercion in picketing to urge consumers to boycott a neutral employer in an effort to get that concern to sever relations with the union's real antagonist.
Mr. Hauser, asked yesterday about the terms of the settlement, said: ''That has to remain confidential.
Eventually, they abandoned that because it was not consistent with previous policies.''
$40-Million Contract Under a five-year, $40-million contract, the General Instrument Corporation of Hunt Valley, Md., was installing 2,180 terminals in the state.
And it was this Administration - their Administration - that cut out the money early on to be able to clean up water, and made it impossible to move ahead at that time on Boston Harbor.
DAVE GOLDMAN New York, Oct. 19, 1988
Hours: 6 to 9:30 P.M., Tuesday through Thursday and Sunday; 6 to 11 P.M., Friday and Saturday.
Partly because Congress was burned by the political fallout from the breakup of Ma Bell and is eager to duck further controversy over telephone regulation.
Some dead trees have been cut down, but many tree stumps have not been removed.
Even the most psychologically astute parents often find that they are unprepared for the effects the new marriage may have on their children.
Paul H. Nitze, the arms control negotiator for the United States, is scheduled to view Paul H. Nitze as portrayed by an actor in a one-night stand this evening of ''A Walk in the Woods'' at the Library of Congress.
Press Release in Iowa Mr. Wittgraf said in the press release: ''Dole tells campaign audiences of his childhood struggles in western Kansas.
It is responsible to the citizens of the district and not to the children.
An amateur, he rushes headlong into situations that a rational man would avoid.
The company, the Ciba-Geigy Corporation, has been a major employer and taxpayer in Ocean County since 1952, manufacturing dyes, epoxy resins and other chemicals at its 1,300-acre site off Route 37.
Warren Weideman and Russ Krasnoff, managing directors of Krown, will remain in place.
Mr. Batscha said, ''I think you come away from the exhibition realizing that WNET has become very much a part of our daily life and expectations of what television ought to provide.''
Given a 400-acre parcel of mature upland forest - perhaps comprising aspens, poplars, birches and maples - one would clear-cut about 20 five-acre blocks in a checkerboard fashion, repeating this, on new blocks, at 10-year intervals.
In February, at her sister's urging, she entered the Hartman program.
New efforts to ''give 'em what they want'' are also under way in industries that typically gave customers what executives thought they needed.
''If he were so far behind because of his lack of formal schooling, why did they put him in the fourth grade?''
appears likely to ease doubts about NCNB's financing ability.
Both boys indulged a passion for old things from the start.
Looking ahead to the biathlon here, Nelson believes that ''if I have a good day, I'll finish somewhere in the top 20.''
Its population in the early 1800's, when shipbuilders were operating along the riverfront and harbor, was greater than the current 4,700 residents.
''Investment banks did not make as many offers as in the past, but more importantly our students didn't accept all the offers made,'' she said.
The combination of ices, sherbet or sorbet with ice cream yields desserts with mid-range fat content, about 27 to 30 percent fat calories.
According to the rules, she should have stepped down to the floor.
All that's left of the things that kept us going in the past is cheek and luck!''
Edward, the hero of ''Two Against One,'' for instance, spends several pages assembling a new vacuum cleaner, and another couple pages vacuuming - or thinking about vacuuming - his house.
LLOYD D. JOHNSTON Ann Arbor, Mich., Feb. 4, 1988 The writer is a director in the University of Michigan's Survey Research Center, Institute for Social Research.
He stressed that realism means recognizing what is right for the times in which we live.
The King said Jordan was ''not playing tactics,'' although nobody can forecast ''what the future will bring.''
Series of Loans Marx said he was present at two sessions in which N.C.A.A.
One such method is Vascar, a time-distance computer that need only be attached to the speedometer cable of a patrol car.
The marriage of Brenda Lee Murphy, a daughter of Janet Lee Murphy of Lancaster, Pa., and Martin J. Murphy of Newport, R.I., to Henry Albion Wicke 3d, the son of Mr. Wicke Jr. of Brooklyn and Mrs. Lawrence Hock of Clarence, N.Y., took place yesterday in Lancaster.
Abuse of Libraries Is Rare For the most part, abuse of libraries is rare.
Then everything that was on anything else slid off to the floor, over went bureau and chiffonier with a crash, as the fortissimo was reached, plaster cracked, an awful roaring noise seemed to fill the outer air.
But the statements likely to have the most resonance were those dealing with tactical weapons.
On May 15, Moscow began withdrawing the first of an estimated 115,000 Soviet troops from Afghanistan under an agreement worked out in Geneva.
She referred the judge to Mr. Andre's call to 911, in which the sculptor said in a highly distressed voice: ''What happened was we had.
LEAD: *3*** COMPANY REPORTS ** *3* Rowan Cos (NYSE) Qtr to Sept 30 1988 1987 Revenue 62,374,000 42,813,000 Net loss 8,754,000 14,890,000 9mo rev 161,838,000 96,346,000 Net loss 42,061,000 51,117,000 View Full Article in Timesmachine 
Many of his characters are likable for their period quaintness.
Permit Natan Sharansky's book, ''Fear No Evil,'' to be published in the Soviet Union, which would be more relevant than the publication of Pasternak; then publish your own accurate figures on your defense budget, troop strength and the reality of your current deficit.
He was not the confused, erratic mixture of neurotic wimp and Superman that is portrayed in Mr. Scorsese's film.
To use the program, your PC must be equipped with a hard disk.
As far as the British Amateur Athletic Board was concerned, that was that.
But the older pageant may be changing.
Members usually split into two teams, each with an officer who made himself an easy target by wearing jewelry or conspicuously carrying a wallet and pretending to be drunk, ill or lost while on the subway trains or the platforms.
Last month, word leaked that Chase was close to signing a deal with the Newport development to build a 1.5-million-square-foot facility.
BASEBALL BALTIMORE (AL) - Optioned Mark Williamson, pitcher, to Rochester of the International League.
Similarly, political and economic factors exclude from his audience the very people who provide most of his material.
The hospital's shoestring budget is stretched further by European doctors and nurses who donate their services in return for round-trip airline tickets and room and board.
man not wanting some cutout.
Mr. Dukakis, eager to avoid the ''big government'' tag, has stressed the need for businesses to provide social benefits.
But laptops tend to go on and off much more frequently, and laptop makers would like them to be turned off and on even more.
It was the latest in a series of reverses for the Jamaican-born athlete.
The pact also provides for mutual help in cases involving the financial and other qualifications of people connected with public companies, investment businesses and securities-processing businesses.
This seemed particularly true for Mr. Gephardt, who saw his record, especially his shift in positions on many issues, torn apart within days of finishing first in Iowa.
Instead he follows Kenzo around Japan as the former soldier tries to get at the truth of something that happened more than 40 years ago - the execution of three of his army comrades when they were serving in New Guinea at the end of the war.
Even as the list was being drawn up, members of the board were taking steps to advance the candidacy of Mr. Abreu.
Telephone workers are putting in hundreds of lines to handle the press corps - including 150 Soviet journalists - which will swarm in on Wednesday.
The Lane, named after the street, opened on Feb. 10, 1938, showing Deanna Durbin in ''100 Men and a Girl.''
''He spread out the clippings and said, 'They're telling me to perform, and I won't!'
During his Harvard years he was the author of ''Antitrust and American Business Abroad,'' published in 1958, and the co-author, with Mr. Katz, of ''The Law of International Transactions and Relations: Cases and Materials,'' which was published in 1960.
In the last election, Chiang Ching-kuo used the same pattern.
It's time that we made competitiveness less of a buzzword and more a call for concrete steps, grounded in common sense, that will let United States industries be as good as they can be.
Miss Redgrave and Miss Harris have a nice sense of farce and emote their ways through the play with wonderful overstatement.
This film has no rating.
So the 72-year-old former judge spent four weeks poring over a copy of the 1,125-page document at her home in Edmonton, Alberta.
Today, Cray and ETA are big customers of the Japanese semiconductor industry.
Mr. France said that Miss Armhein's boyfriend, Michael Odorisio, wanted her killed for stealing drugs and money and threatening to tell the police about his activities.
Captain Houghton is survived by three brothers and three sisters.
Mr. Pieper said the material that offended the women was used to illustrate important legal points.
A third option, Pitino said, was to ''play the way we did Friday night, tough man-to-man defense, which I think was the best we played all season for three quarters.''
Mr. Jackson says there are perhaps a dozen now.
Berhnard Britt, 45 years old, who has AIDS, said he had to stay at St. Luke's-Roosevelt Hospital Center five months past his medical discharge date, for lack of housing.
Yield: Four or more servings.
The original Senate bill called for a radical change in the way the corporation finances new programming by compelling it to pass along 80 percent of its programming funds directly to public television stations.
These companies will have to leave the New York Stock Exchange if the listing rule is not changed.
The official said that Soviet authorities have also agreed to allow a delegation of American psychiatrists to visit 28 Soviet citizens in mental hospitals.
According to the Iranians, a single Iraqi chemical attack on the Iranian-occupied village of Halabja last month killed 5,000 people and injured 5,000 others.
The station began planning in May for coverage of the plebiscite.
In suggesting that we simply use emergency authority to raise the refugee admissions ceilings, you overlook the controlling element of budgetary resources.
When renovating Wieser's apartment, Ushida imported a group of Japanese craftsmen to execute the design.
And unlike most of the other such schools in New York, which seek exceptionally talented students and hold rigorous competitions for admission, St. Augustine admits average students and helps them to discover their artistic potential.
''I run on my own,'' Sax explained, ''and I was going to try and steal on the pitch before I ran.
Here the parody might be a little too exuberant, as ''slavering, savage black dogs'' and ''a drunken, equally slavering Annabel Lee'' pursue Nell over a stretch of Hackney Marshes.
These exchanges were designed to provide fireworks while not testing the viewers' attention span.
and the tournament directors went into harness with the I.T.F.
Orser is the 26-year-old favorite son from Penetanguishene, Ontario, a hero here and throughout Canada.
It is true of the 1980 ''Instant House,'' in which four walls punctuated with windows and a door rise around the viewer when he sits in a swing attached to a series of pulleys.
Those fees may be waived by the E.P.A.
''They especially like landmark buildings because of the additional goodwill and prestige that those buildings impart.''
''We were doing a fast dance and I did the splits,'' he said.
As his characters here don't seem to be especially connected to time, place or each other, they also exist entirely outside whatever jobs they do.
The increased burning of carbon-based fuels that came with industrialization has increased the levels of carbon dioxide in the atmosphere, thus leading perhaps to more absorption of long-wave terrestrial radiation and higher temperatures.
Mr. Weicker, a liberal Republican, soared to national attention in his first term as a member of the Senate Watergate committee.
The ban also highlights a collision of cultures not uncommon in Asian nations struggling to set acceptable limits of ''Westernization.''
Polish-born Sammy Hoch grows up in a traditional Jewish home ruled by his opinionated father, who is a big noise at the synagogue and an even bigger noise once his son wins a scholarship to the prestigious Manchester Grammar School.
In a story called ''The Quarrel,'' two young esthetes from Harvard become a mutual admiration society, convincing themselves that no one else sees life with the same refinement.
''You are paying for an option that you may never exercise,'' he said.
Finally, there was the device that Neuroscientific claimed to be ready to manufacture and sell, under license from Rockefeller University, whose scientists had developed it.
In American history, progressive movements before and after World War I stressed government regulation or control of big business, and after World War II, peaceful coexistence with the Soviets and an end to racial segregation.
''There was no way of communicating with them.''
''The price dictates that the styling can't be that radical,'' said John Nickleson, who assisted Mr. de la Renta in designing his first two cashmere collections.
The chairman, Dr. Lars Olof Kallings, who heads the Swedish National Bacteriological Laboratory, told the more than 7,000 participants from 140 countries, including King Carl XVI Gustaf of Sweden, that the news from the four-day meeting ''will be frightening, in some respects even more frightening than we have expected.''
The message was that while Washington felt the problems were essentially an internal matter, Yugoslavia's credibility as an economic partner was being damaged.
People in Snake Alley speak Minnan, a dialect of Fujien, with a little bit of Mandarin and a smattering of Japanese (for the many tourists).
''It exhibited so much range, from the elderly black matriarch to the introduction of African pride through the youngest daughter.
International A3-13 Karoly Grosz replaced Janos Kadar as head of Hungary's Communist Party.
Diplomats say the Greek presidency has accomplished very little, and they look forward to a renewal of energy when Spain assumes its first six-month term on Jan. 1.
It is a day in the life, better than the day Mr. Zeltzer opened the paper to learn one of his charges had killed a policeman, and worse than the day one of his charges gave him the picture of the adorable baby girl that hangs over his desk.
As the pictures in his office suggest, history in Albany is made by governors, and Mr. Anderson said he was sorry that that office had eluded him.
Practically every major question in the Philippines now has to be answered with ''maybe, too soon to tell.''
''We were determined not to let him get open shots,'' Robinson said.
In the home third, Ruffin singled with one down, Samuel doubled off the wall in left and Dernier hit a grounder to shortstop for a 2-1 lead.
It has become a plus, they say, in the wake of revelations that during the Iran-contra crisis, President Reagan did not appear to be fully in charge.
Both prologue and prayer proved to be sonorous, immediately accessible works in a restlessly chromatic but tonal idiom that reminded one at various moments of Ives, Stravinsky and early Schoenberg.
The plant is now being converted to use natural gas.
Congress last week sent to President Reagan a bill that would ban all dial-a-porn services.
(Overlapping with these two positions was an 11-year stateside tenure with the Rochester Philharmonic Orchestra, preceding his 1985 Baltimore accession.)
He was the first pitcher in the major leagues to have 10 victories, holding a 10-1 record and a 2.11 earned run average May 30.
Mr. Diamond says he is a recovering R.S.A.
Much of that fighting was done not by white South African soldiers but by black troops recruited in Namibia and by Angolan rebels, a practice that served to insulate many South Africans from the heavy costs of the war.
All this ought to be particularly cautionary to a press that covered the Iowa caucuses as if they were the Creation, and the New Hampshire primary as if it were the Second Coming.
Every day 275 people with varying disabilities receive vocational training at the bureau.
he laughs, flashing gold teeth.
''I don't know what it was.
See accompanying notes for speical items.
The oldest of the employer purchasing groups began in San Diego in 1983.
After shooting a 66 for the lowest score during the first 36 holes of the 52d Masters, Zoeller said officials had made ''a joke'' of the event because the greens have been hardened to the texture of a table top, so that balls won't hold on the hard surfaces.
Mr. Chappell, 66, of Daytona Beach Shores, sought to have the state Supreme Court throw out nearly 11,000 votes from Flagler County, but the court turned back his request Nov. 30.
William Donald Schaefer, is thought to be the first enacted in the country that would penalize a retail video establishment for violating a viewer's privacy.
The five-count Federal indictment handed up here alleges that Pablo Escobar Gaviria, a principal in the drug-smuggling operation based in Medellin, Colombia, and the five others planned to ship up to 800 kilograms of cocaine a week into the Denver area.
Hornets 115, Pacers 106 CHARLOTTE, N.C. (AP) - Kelly Tripucka scored 28 of his 40 points in the second half, leading Charlotte past Indiana.
The move was seen as a continuation of Mr. Mugabe's policy of reconciliation toward the economically powerful racial minority.
(you know what that stands for) puts him in charge of a realm in which nearly everything is described in shorthand.
Some experts also say people have become more critical of their marriages, although Professor Glenn said, ''I don't know of any compelling evidence that that's the case.''
Prosciutto should have a rich mahogany color and a winy, complex aroma.
Yesterday it closed at $7.125.
* Playboy Enterprises Inc., a media and marketing company that publishes Playboy magazine, elected as a director Robert (Kam) Kamerschen, president of RKO-Six Flags Entertainment.
In heavy trading, Macmillan stock rose $3.50, to $75 a share, or $2 above the Bass bid.
Formerly a top housing official, she retired last year as a justice of State Supreme Court in Manhattan.
Meanwhile, the number of foreigners continues to shrink.
The Fisher Brothers realty concern sought to tear down the Lever Brothers building and replace it with a much larger skyscraper on Park Avenue, between 53d and 54th Streets.
And the future will incorporate elements of Western-style capitalism, adopted step by step along with grudging political decentralization.
Hours: Lunch: 9 A.M. to 3 P.M. Monday to Friday, 10 A.M. to 3 P.M. Saturday; dinner: 5:30 to 9:30 P.M. Friday and Saturday only.
Others who would help Brazil are also right to insist on respect for the common planetary heritage.
''A home for old authors and artists?''
This could be called intervention or non-intervention, according to the viewpoint, but it accepts the need to judge.
And then she added, as she squeezed my hand for a moment, ''But I should know by now that trying to do what is best for O'Neill has never been easy.''
To some European leaders, it clearly did.
Effort to Keep Ships In his letter, Mr. Webb said that, during budget deliberations in the last few months, the Navy had three times presented detailed plans that would have cut the necessary amount from the Navy's budget while preserving the goal of building a 600-ship Navy.
The Government replaced him by naming Gerard de la Martiniere, chairman of the clearinghouse for the Matif.
Despite the claustrophobic effectiveness of Santo Loquasto's set, the play is too detailed a canvas to fit comfortably into a tight playing space.
Unlike Pennsylvania Station, which was modeled on the Baths of Caracalla in Rome, there was no model for Grand Central.
Mr. Nessen also introduced into evidence a letter from the Senator dated April 23, 1984, thanking the executive for his help in a fund-raising event.
* Advantage Cos., Nashville, a publishing and telecommunications concern, elected Mike M. Ecksel senior vice president.
In Germany, Coke needs to streamline a chaotic bottling structure.
Mr. Grundt stayed on the expressway only until the next exit, No.
He was responsible for all operations, ranging from major maintenance to cash control.
30 A gunman opened fire at a dance in a Brooklyn social club, killing two people, including a 16-year-old student, and wounding five others.
Breland is now 20-1 with 13 knockouts.
In addition, the copolymer paint can be exposed to air for prolonged periods - such as with the hull of a boat hauled for the winter in the Northeast - without losing its anti-fouling properties.
''I think most members believe that a better job can be done at the bargaining table for a lot less money than we've been paying,'' he said.
Motel 6 Inc., which operates a chain of economy motels, said it would acquire the 49 motels of Sixpence Inns of America Inc. for about $200 million.
Canadiens 4, Bruins 2 BOSTON (AP) - Bobby Smith and Claude Lemieux scored power-play goals as Montreal continued its dominance in the Adams Division.
For the second quarter, the impact related to the adoption of this new accounting standard was to increase net income by $98.4 million or $1.78 per share.
to have an actor who's a pain in the neck.''
The public schools can make a difference.
The insurance operations to be sold include the Pennsylvania Life Insurance Company, the Executive Fund Life Insurance Company, the Trans Pacific Life Insurance Company and some affiliated marketing and management companies.
In an interview in the September issue of Playboy magazine, Mr. Arafat provides an account of his early years, with new details of the life he led before founding Al Fatah, one of the main groups in the P.L.O., in the 1950's Mr. Arafat said he ''visited a lot of places on vacations'' as a tourist.
Passers-by alerted airport medical personnel and swiftly I was lifted onto a stretcher and wheeled to a first aid station about 50 feet away.
LEAD: *3*** COMPANY REPORTS ** *3*Par Technology (NYSE) Qtr to March 31 1988 1987 Revenue 17,574,000 14,909,000 Net inc 146,000 467,000 Share earns .02 .06 View Full Article in Timesmachine 
'Fighting Could Get Serious' Many military analysts believe that the naval war will escalate.
He was surprised that he had won the 100 there.
As Mr. Rivera was touring the Miskito region Saturday, authorities in Managua unexpectedly released James Jordan Denby, the American pilot who had been held in captivity since his Cessna was shot down in December.
They moved sharply higher in late August after the Federal Reserve raised its discount rate in an attempt to slow the economy and reduce inflationary pressures.
But the Beavers, with their new status, have overcome a major misconception about who they are and what they do.
For instance, the Coast Guard and the Customs Service each run their own mini-air force and plan a new air command and control network that would duplicate one already in place.
Limousines, ferrying Manhattan residents willing to cross a river for a good loaf of bread, clog the narrow residential streets of Carroll Gardens outside the bakery.
He tells of how his uncle downed a Soviet helicopter gunship, then points to a black and white picture of his uncle at military school in the Soviet Union in the early 1970's.
Whipping Forehand Shot Connors, ranked No.
''It took a lot for people to cross that line.
Having capitalized on San Francisco's gold-inspired growth, these early residents wanted to live comfortably, though properly, as they displayed their wealth.
The line is advertising hourly flights to O'Hare Airport in Chicago, 14 daily, a rise of 6 in this service, and is advertising for next week 4 new flights to Midway in Chicago.
He wore a striped jersey from the Amateur Hockey Association of the United States, and, like the two linesmen, wore warm-up pants borrowed from the Devils.
There is so little historical perspective on these characters that Mr. Wajda's own judgment seems to have failed him.
It is not known whether either drug could cause birth defects if a pregnancy proceeded to term.
I would have liked to have known her better.
Morton Thiokol last year settled a suit by Cheryl McNair, wife of a third mission specialist, Ronald E. McNair, a 35-year-old civilian NASA employee who was also survived by two small children.
''After World War II, racial discrimination shut undereducated black men and women out of jobs, and families functioned less well,'' Dr. Comer said.
I'm not contending that every voter will always vote intelligently, but that's true when they vote for executives and legislators, too.
''I would hope we could bring society to a point where we don't need to penalize them, to encourage consumers to change some of their practices.''
While Gould telephones the head of the studio to arrange for Fox to go before the altar of power, Fox pantomimes, pretending to perform fellatio on him.
In addition, some executives and managers may be able to choose to have a bonus paid next year.
The original plan called for a single mixed-use building combining office space, hotel rooms and apartments that would occupy the entire site.
In the past two weeks, nurses, seamen, coal-mine safety workers and London teachers have gone on strike demanding higher wages and job security.
evoking the 1969 Chappaquiddick tragedy.
The Mayor says it dates to his first term refusal to reappoint Mr. Goldin's brother Gurston, a psychiatrist, to the Board of Higher Education.
'The Perfect Party' was sort of a satyr play for this, a other Antigone' is an antidote to the lightness of 'Perfect Party.'
In Penn Station, a lone shoeshine man working the light traffic of travelers yesterday morning pointed to the stock plunge of October as the dominant reason for the uneasiness many New Yorkers have about the future.
They'll go on for hours about stovies'' (potatoes cooked with the meat and drippings of a leftover roast), ''but even their mothers probably wouldn't cook that way any more.''
''At this point we don't have any of the weapons, but we know by the comments on the 911 calls for help that many forms of weapons were used,'' Sergeant Burns said.
before the end of the tax filing season suggested that the new tax law has made filing simpler for some taxpayers.
Shirley is equally gracious, while Moe tries to rush them on their way and ''Cousin Sheldon the loudmouth'' tries to make conversation by asking about their trip.
While the more expensive a/d/s/ predictably excels in such inherently costly aspects of performance as deep bass and power capacity, both brands were cited for exceptional sound quality.
While the church demands on the Tontons Macoute and other Duvalier loyalists may seem to be a tall order in the confusion and disarray of Haiti, the new Government could at least try to curtail the influence of these groups.
A person who attended those sessions said that Mr. Baker ''took a very passive position on most foreign policy issues and really did not exercise his instincts except on the defense budget.''
The Noriega controversy in turn gave new political urgency to the problem of Latin narcotics trafficking during the American election campaign, with nations like Mexico, Colombia, Peru and Bolivia now certain to feel greater pressure from Washington to clamp down on the production and outflow of cocaine, heroin and marijuana.
The Likud has also evidently dropped its aversion to having the Labor Party leader, Foreign Minister Shimon Peres, take part in the next government.
One example with which I am intimately familiar is I.C.I.
The Lodz paper published the articles, and the press agency controlled by the national Government repeated them, telling the world that Poland was getting tough about air pollution.
Two fire department vanes similar to Concord's in age and style disappeared during the renovation of buildings in Nashua and Manchester.
Hisham M. Nazer, the Saudi oil minister, said these plans were part of a major reorganization of the Saudi oil industry that would transform Aramco into Saudi Arabia's national oil company.
Some will be condominium apartments in mid-rise buildings like Bay Plaza Gardens.
The Government-owned Erawan Hotel vanished virtually overnight, though not without a brief flurry of protest that the 32-year-old structure was of ''historic'' importance.
Until its final 20 minutes or so, when it becomes almost a parody of stereotypical, idyllically photographed Russian films about the joys of joint endeavor, ''Asya's Happiness'' is a movie of insight and a good deal of humor.
Labuszewski, who worked his way through college and an M.B.A. writing computer programs on the side, has created - and then, as programmers will, noodled over and improved - a number of programs that guide traders to value in tricky contracts.
''We could eat and rest,'' she added.
We get that in O'Keeffe's very first (1917) watercolors of subjects from New Mexico.
That do-or-die aspect often makes this meet more competitive than the Olympics themselves.
This in turn has encouraged the rest of the world to act more responsibly.
On Monday night he was short on many of his passes in a loss to Houston.
Simply because one of the world's most powerful men, indeed the world's supreme Communist leader, the General Secretary of the Central Committee of the Communist Party of the Soviet Union, Mikhail S. Gorbachev, was speaking to us in warmly seductive tones, employing words reminiscent of the social optimism of the 1960's - ''interrelatedness, integral, global peace, democratization'' - and assuring us of matters that sounded almost literally too good to be true, as if our deepest, most desperate wishes were being uttered in an exotically foreign language and translated into our own, did it mean that these matters could not be true?
While the Boston ruling was made in the case of Seabrook, the similarly troubled nuclear plant in New Hampshire, it also applies to Shoreham.
Of course, the jury is still out on the question of Mr. Levison's true status as a security risk.
; unfortunately, he is misinformed.
29 In Connecticut, the Senate race continues to carry a negative tone and voters find the uproar numbing, they say.
In a final chapter titled ''The Secret Agenda,'' Mr. Glassner argues that our body-image motives are bound up in morality and the death of the liberal consensus.
The plan calls for taking ships that carry 3,500 European- and Japanese-built automobiles in their holds and turning them into parking garages capable of accommodating 1,500 cars.
The way a computer's screen looks when the user gives it commands and the way it responds, or ''feels,'' is rapidly emerging as one of the dominant forces shaping the industry.
(The catalogue costs $3, which will be refunded with a $25 order.)
Today workers were preparing a report on conditions in jails, including several makeshift tent-prisons.
A goodly crowd of Wall Street analysts showed up yesterday morning for the senior vice president's predictions at the Princeton Club.
The principal inventor, Dr. Johnson L. Thistle, believes the compound can dissolve most gallstones made of cholesterol, which account for 90 percent of the total.
Mr. Gromyko and I go back a long time together, although I wonder sometimes if he knows a thing about it.
Election years - lawmakers' two-year terms expire this year - are always difficult ones in which to resolve volatile issues.
Tutorials develop the ability of students to think and write critically in an active manner, skills that are the core of education.
Rabbi Alan D. Bregman, assisted by Cantor Jerome J. Frazes, performed the ceremony at the Ritz-Carlton Hotel in Chicago.
Roussel said today it would continue to research other uses of RU 486.
The U.S. and Soviet Union agreed to talk about the dangers of spreading missile technology during the Moscow summit meeting.
Mr. McColl worked the phone banks along with everyone else.
Each year teachers and principals are routinely shifted from school to school.
The answer is no for both questions.
Mr. Jackson talked with residents of a drug-ravaged neighborhood in Queens.
Wearing a wine-red leather suit, she belted out gospels through a hand-held microphone, her reddish curls bobbing as she moved.
Mr. Daly was then moved to the Pizza Hut division to learn the franchise side of the operation, Ms. Robinson continued, and after six months of training with Pizza Hut, he was sent back to Canada.
She won it easily, by 3 3/4 lengths, but when she returned in the Test Stakes today at Saratoga, she still went off a weak third choice at 7-2 behind two new shooters.
Bergen County - Terrace Avenue bridge over Route 17 in Hasbrouck Heights: Closed for replacement.
When I won a silver medal in 1984, it felt like a gold because I never had gold.''
''Frankly, we don't want their condescension,'' said Darwood Ebrahim, a 34-year-old teacher of Indian origin.
Not those screaming sopranos, those tensile tenors, that athletic howling of the damned.)
Credit cards: All major cards.
He had also given me enough ambition to reach my goal.
The latest announcement took but five seconds.
The councilmen would go to jail in three days if they lose their appeal.
LEAD: *3*** COMPANY REPORTS ** *3*NAHAMA & WEAGANT ENERGY CO (OTC) Qtr to Oct 31 1987 1986 Revenue 412,000 198,000 Net loss 12,000 126,000 Shares outst 2,815,585 2,604,716 9mo rev 942,000 920,000 Net loss 435,000 2,024,000 Shares outst 2,814,029 2,446,957 View Full Article in Timesmachine 
But they are about other things as well - and he knows it.
Many Koreans were convinced that he hoped to use the panel to exercise behind-the-scenes control over his successor and protege, Roh Tae Woo.
American officials said before the meeting that the appointment of Marshal Akhromeyev would be an encouraging sign since he played an important role in forging compromises at the last two summit meetings.
But all children discover this with no scientific training at all.
O'Brien is himself a nationalist of sorts, drawn, he says, to a secular version of Irish republicanism (exemplified by the Enlightenment skeptic Wolfe Tone rather than by ''the mystical martyr'' Patrick Pearse).
''As a practical matter, it seems to me that a decision is a long way off,'' said Clayton Yeutter, the United States Trade Representative.
Legislation Killed Would have reinstated the death penalty.
The conflict motion has been sealed, one participant in the proceedings said, because it describes proprietary information about Palais Royal.
To accommodate them, the company recently set up a limited operation to sell to the public in Dodgeville.
A salvage crew has raised an upside-down barge a month after it sank and spilled about 70,000 gallons of heavy bunker oil in inland waters.
The pace quickened in the second round as both fighters landed effective blows.
She would like to finish her last year for an accounting degree and not commute three hours a day to Colorado Springs.
Peru announced austerity measures aimed at battling the country's sharp inflation and huge budget deficit.
And stands guard over the body of the calf.
Dr. Schimmel, who has worked on the problem from its beginning 20 years ago, continued anyway, making variation after variation in the structure of transfer RNA's.
Spread the batter over the bottom as evenly as possible.
Lost Code, the leading handicap horse in the East, will undergo surgery Monday to remove a bone chip from his left knee and will be sidelined for at least two months, his trainer, Bill Donovan, said today.
As the department expands the program, which is enforced by the Tactical Narcotics Team, it is trying to recruit not only the most qualified candidates but, more important, candidates of the highest integrity who will not be corrupted by the very evil they are assigned to fight, police officials say.
Mrs. Cockburn was traveling yesterday and could not be reached for comment.
Mrs. McClure, who will retain her name professionally, is an assistant professor of philosophy at the University of Delaware and a co-editor of ''Business Ethics,'' a textbook published by McGraw-Hill in 1984.
'That Night' gloriously rejects the notion that this betrayed and bankrupt world can be rendered only in the spare, impersonal prose that has become the standard of so much contemporary fiction.''
The American worker is not asking for welfare, he's asking for a fair share - not for charity but for parity.
''Cartoon,'' a new piece by Mr. Hoyle and Kimi Okada, is a brilliantly stylized physicalization of cartoon music.
''It is not likely that Bank of New York stock would trade below its recent range after a merger,'' she said.
one of the condemned calls through the bars of his tiny cell.
''Broadcast News,'' a movie about romance and careers in a television network's Washington bureau, starring William Hurt, Holly Hunter and Albert Brooks, was No.
Most of the buying that had fueled the rally earlier in the day was technically inspired, analysts said.
The consumer affairs office of the Department of Transportation in Washington (202-366-2220) files complaints about tour companies from members of the public.
It's hard to know what to do with yourself on the day it falls.
Waste disposal will be the least easy to control because you're going to have to radically change the behavior of homeowners and business owners.
Floyd Patterson continues to bring honor to his sport, very nearly a living refutation to an abolitionist like me.
''He has made a Faustian pact,'' said President Stanovnik of the nationalism of the masses that he accused Mr. Milosevic of having unleashed.
Although Mr. Hooks has publicly refrained from saying whether he believes Mr. Jackson deserves a place on the Democratic ticket, he, and other leaders of the association, including Dr. William F. Gibson, chairman of the N.A.A.C.P.
Caught in a Shopping Mall Mr. Castillo was arrested yesterday at 1:15 P.M. by three F.B.I.
It was in response to this politically delicate situation that Representatives Torricelli and Roe developed their alternate solution.
The journalist approaches and asks if this is President Cleveland.
You implore the State Senate Republican majority to ''show leadership in securing a fair share for city education.''
The ground floor has been converted to a bar and discotheque, with the stage outlined in lights.
The companion issue, $74.56 million of 8.35 percent securities with an average life of 2.15 years, yields 8.48 percent, or about six-tenths of a point more than similar Treasury issues.
They asked critics where the I.R.A.
He was 33 years old.
In many respects the American-Canadian treaty currently being considered by both countries' legislatures is merely the two governments' hurried attempt at political recognition of a snowballing economic integration.
Magdalena Gueorguieva of Bulgaria finished third with 7:53.65.
For Patten, the property is prime real estate, ripe for profitable development.
In St. Augustine, we inched down a narrow cobbled street, a whisper away from parked cars.
Late in the film, when he asks Masi to sleep with him after years of inattention, he can only deflect the real question by asking, ''Why don't you cook me breakfast?''
LEAD: *3*** COMPANY REPORTS ** *3* Weyenberg Shoe Manufacturing Co Qtr to June 30 1988 1987 Sales 29,473,000 27,872,000 Net inc 681,000 1,120,000 Share earns .62 1.01 6mo sales 60,404,000 55,424,000 Net inc 1,942,000 2,379,000 Share earns 1.76 2.15 View Full Article in Timesmachine 
The unanswered question about the Japanese drive is whether it will leave the world with too much chip capacity, driving the industry into one of its periodic depressions.
The goal of the building campaign, in part, is to encourage application by out-of-state students, who require housing and expect even an urban university to have some of the trappings of a campus.
John O'Kelly, the former Prince Charming, now has flab around the middle and sagging buttocks.
* No cancellation on the basis of age or health of insured.
A two-day search turned up nothing.
''While people are flying back to look at a private firm they are able to do something in the public interest as well, and it sends a good signal to the community.''
She moved to Washington in 1933 and wrote a column, ''These Charming People,'' for The Times-Herald until 1939.
Cyrus R. Vance, the former Secretary of State and second to Mr. Feerick in influence on the commission, said that he, Mr. Feerick and another commission member, Bernard Meyer, hoped to meet shortly with Mr. Marino.
Meanwhile, Barkley's promoter, the Houston Boxing Association, will pursue a match with Thomas Hearns, the World Boxing Council middleweight champion, if Barkley wins Sunday.
''We had a lion's share of opportunities in the third period and overtime,'' O'Reilly said a few minutes after the game.
The forecast called for east winds and a slight warming trend until Tuesday.
Only after determining where each character lies on the page does it identify the individual characters.
''I felt there was a need for a small company to tour around the United States,'' Mr. Joffrey told an interviewer in 1971, adding that he had also intended to ''show people what dancing was about.''
Though the screenwriter and the director clearly share certain affinities, their collective efforts on ''Track 29,'' which opens today at the D. W. Griffith and Quad Cinema, amount to overkill, particularly since the direction is so laden with contempt for the characters.
It is the world of basement comedy clubs where sloppy drunks dare the people on stage to make them laugh, and the man in the spotlight needs applause as desperately as a drowning man needs air.
Paul McDonald Fye, who led the Woods Hole Oceanographic Institution nearly 20 years, died Friday at his home in Falmouth, Mass.
The offer was subsequently lowered after the stock market's collapse in October.
Similarly, a per-gallon tax on gasoline would be unpopular in the West, where driving distances are great.
''There is too much talk of amortizing advertising expenses in one formula or another,'' he added, noting a proposal by the Democratic Presidential candidate, Michael S. Dukakis, to allow only 40 percent of a company's advertising budget to be deducted in the current year, with the balance amortized over four years.
In previous eras, musicians worked on technique the way athletes trained, teaching certain muscles to work faster and harder and more precisely.
Gross has owned the six-story, red brick building for 10 years.
So far, however, the positions he has articulated do not appear to contrast strikingly with those of Senator Moynihan.
The bill, now in the New Hampshire legislature, would make it easier for out-of-state banks to buy New Hampshire banks by cutting the amount of deposits in the unit required to be kept in the state by a holding company to 51 percent from 100 percent.
I have to learn to delegate more.''
It was lucky, they say, that Mr. Smith was not killed.
The best deal would guarantee the interest rate quoted at the beginning of the loan application process.
She took the criticism to heart and changed her manner of dress, managing to look both the all-American girl and chic and urbane.
The questions are not easy.
In ''The Hunter of Guachos,'' the author, Jose Teheran, describes the chilango as a ''plundering species'' that is ''contemptuous of the habits and customs of others; indifferent, impudent, infallible and excessively cunning of tongue; underhanded, greedy and capable of anything.''
The bank board, which supervises the savings industry, already has the power to remove an institution's managers.
That plan, first proposed four years ago by the Mayor, is being revised to meet criticism from the local community board, Commissioner Biderman said.
Farm worker advocates disagree, saying that the situation in Michigan is typical of the lack of enforcement in most of the 23 states that have opted to enforce the field sanitation rules.
Analysts said the decision marked the final stage of political rehabilitation for the group, all of whose court convictions were overturned in the 1950's under Stalin's successor, Khrushchev.
The opposition coalition, made up of 16 political groups ranging from right-of-center to far left, denies all of this.
b-Includes an extraordinary charge of $2,147,000.
Strain, if desired, and chill.
Her group won a landmark Federal lawsuit in 1983 preventing the agency from foreclosing on delinquent borrowers and was active in formulating provisions of the new law.
Take it easy on the chili habanero.
''Forcing women to undergo medical treatment against their wills is too weighty a matter to be left to the vagaries of personal interpretation by physicians and judges,'' said the essay.
I felt a thud in my chest, such as you have as a child when you are very frightened.
Because the semiconductor stocks are still not trading at their typical premiums to the market, analysts say there are some compelling buys among them.
A 39-yard field goal by Matt Bahr with 7:12 left in the third quarter gave Cleveland a 13-10 lead.
On most teams - especially winning ones - rookies do not start at quarterback.
He took par on the next three holes before hitting his drive at the par-5, 501-yard 18th hole so far left that the ball hit a cart path and bounced through the 17th fairway.
Many have long agitated for greater autonomy.
But the tradition of covert maneuvering in which they both reveled, the wheeling and dealing at which they both excelled, survives them, as Gov.
''They can try to get relief from F.E.R.C..'' The decision was Mississippi Power and Light Co. v. Mississippi, No.
At a public ceremony, the capsules were drawn from the box by hand.
Railroad officials said it was extremely lucky that the platform was deserted when the accident occurred.
Asked about that today, a senior White House official said, ''Well, that may be their view, but we don't want to speak for them on that issue.''
Mrs. Kennedy, who is known as Carroll, is a portfolio trader at the investment counseling firm of Gillespie, Robinson & Company in Greenwich, Conn. She graduated from Notre Dame Academy in Waterbury and Manhattanville College.
Next week, agencies representing the companies that buy time on network television will begin the ''up front'' market, when much of the commercial time for the year is sold.
My father was saying, ''Butter on a crumb bun?''
Moreover, there were excellent chances that he would pick up the knight, too.
The Duke of Buckingham, who satirized a fussy and self-important poet, Bayes, in his greenroom farce, ''The Rehearsal'' (1671), is underrated both as statesman and as man about culture.
The endowment drive worked largely because of an unusual involvement of the city's and state's business leaders, far beyond those who actually attend or support the symphony normally.
I was just doing the best I could.''
In an adjoining room his son-in-law, Mark Lavalle was preparing another batch of syrup for a session of taffy eating, an aperitif preceding the actual sit-down meal.
Had those 59,000 ballots been cast for either Labor or Likud, the two largest blocs, the 1984 election deadlock would have been broken and Israel might have been spared the frustrations of the Labor-Likud ''national unity'' Government.
Is it being too prim, too conventional in one's thinking, to suggest that it would not be particularly easy to spend time in Ms. Hadid's building, or to live in Mr. Libeskind's housing, if indeed it were possible at all?
Venezuela had led the move for the meeting of OPEC and the independent oil producers that took place here on Tuesday and Wednesday.
It is against this backdrop that the owner and two employees of a metal refiner wander in for an oft-postponed office lunch party.
Bank board officials said the Government was likely to incur $1 billion more in losses, either from the sale of assets or from operating expenses.
Of the New Right he says: ''We began walking separate roads .
The quest appeared to be taking its toll on Steffi Graf.
''There's not much time left,'' he said.
''But to me, it's just an old-fashioned charley horse.''
''Now it's a power struggle,'' Mrs. Goldman said.
Then, in May 1948, as the ice was breaking up in the strait, the Soviets notified the State Department that passage was no longer free.
As Soviet troops have withdrawn in the last 10 days, leaving the posts to the Afghan Army, at least a dozen garrisons have been abandoned or have fallen.
2 in size behind the Martin Agency.
The ballet also has a wonderfully grandiose and melodic score by Ludwig Minkus, arranged by John Lanchbery.
The judge was also a member of the Ancient Order of Hibernians for 52 years and past president of the United Irish Counties Association.
If chamber music is more your cup of tonal tea, choose between two other Saturday events by superb American ensembles: Empire Brass offers a lively and diverse Baroque-to-modern program at the Jorgensen Auditorium in Storrs (486-4226), and the Laurentian String Quartet plays Bach, Ravel, Beethoven and Dvorak at the Unitarian Church of Westport (227-3345).
A stress fracture in a bone under his right big toe forced him to withdraw from three tourneys since.
''You want to be competitive.
Khan Tran, a 14-year-old Vietnamese boy, is one of the scores of refugee children who play Ping Pong and pool everyday in a basement recreation center.
He was happily married to Yoko.
Newmont Gold fell 3 3/8, to 31 1/8; Battle Mountain Gold 1 1/8, to 13 1/8; ASA Ltd. 3/8, to 44 7/8, and Hecla Mining 1/2 to 11 7/8.
And later, I remember his horror when he was told that the Nazis had come and killed everyone in his family, all his friends and neighbors, and destroyed the town.
A lunch break in Jockey Hollow Park, Morristown, is planned, and so a picnic lunch is in order.
Before 1985 the Bentley differed little from the Rolls outwardly except it didn't have the Flying Lady or the grill work, but rather had a winged B as a hood ornament.
One can speculate that Mr. Bush would choose moderate judges like his old friend, the late Potter Stewart.
They said the recent concern about hostile takeovers and their effects on companies and area economies was likely to lead to a variety of proposals for change throughout the country.
We shouldn't be concerned when a preschooler blames his imaginary playmate for spilling the milk or tracking in the mud.
franchise history, said he still has not decided whether to give the bat and ball to the Hall of Fame in Cooperstown, N.Y. ''I'm thinking about it,'' he said.
''We hope for medals, and if we win them, the players will be happy and the people will be happy.
''Due to the all-too-familiar problem of affordable housing in Pound Ridge, my wife and I have found the need to live elsewhere, where land and houses are within our reach,'' he wrote.
''The United States will not tolerate the new subversion or destabilization of the democratic governments of Central America,'' he said.
His father served as a photographic reconnaissance officer in Vietnam.
The statements by Mr. Cartusciello came a day after reports that Drexel had been notified in writing by Government prosecutors that it was being investigated for criminal violations that include racketeering.
Today there are 18 sponsors of Mr. Lang's program, each committed to give $275,000 as well as donating time.
Retin-A doesn't improve appearance instantly.
After a brief return to iron and steel in Belgium, Mr. Gandois returned to France in 1986 to take over an ailing Pechiney, which had reported a loss that year of $75 million, on sales of $5.7 billion.
The alert was an appeal to all residential and commercial customers to reduce electricity consumption by running air conditioners at lower levels and turning off unnecessary appliances until 8 P.M. 'Cooperation' in New England Emmanuel Forde, a spokesman for Northeast Utilities, said the utility sent out radio messages and telephone calls.
Hammer each nail flush with the surface, then strike the head once more to drive the nail slightly deeper, creating a small depression in the wallboard.
Dr. Green, responding to longstanding complaints about the size of the bureaucracy at the Board of Education, has begun to shift some workers out of the Brooklyn headquarters into the schools.
If he'd been an antelope instead of a crocodile it would have killed him.''
She sat rocking next to the coal fire, the partly pieced quilt spread over her lap.
's two-year history, which occurred that day.
Remove from grill, allow to cool slightly.
''I can't imagine anyone thinking up a scenario like this where there would be a fire break out in a field of cotton modules when the wind is blowing 60 miles an hour,'' said Gov.
But they assert that the proposals are likely to give the Soviets a propaganda advantage over the West since NATO has not formulated a precise counteroffer to present at the new Vienna conference.
The union has taken its campaign throughout New England, sponsoring rallies and door-to-door canvassing.
Dressed in a conservatively modish black suit - the shoulders are only tastefully broad -he fusses frequently with his tie, not unlike Bob Hope, actually.
Now that you know the background of what I am about to say, I may just as well say it.
Her father, who is retired, was a buyer for Elm Farm Foods, a grocery chain in Boston.
With Mr. Rollins, they will hear the Schubert music - not once, but many times - get to know the verses and ''play around with white paint,'' as he suggests, to come up with an idea.
Inventories, which swelled to worrisome levels in the fourth quarter of 1987 and contributed to fears of a recession, slowed for the second straight quarter.
First Maryland had 22,000 depositors when it collapsed, and the state estimates that it still owes $100 million to 7,000 accounts.
''If grass has been mowed high and not pushed with excess fertilizer applications, it should survive this dry period,'' he said.
''It's the first world title fight to be done in North Dakota,'' Arum said.
The bride, who will retain her name, is a daughter of Mr. and Mrs. Jason R. Einbinder of Lincroft, N.J. A graduate of Barnard College, she received a master's degree from the Columbia School of Social Work, where she is to enter the doctoral program in the fall.
''We are seeing indications of a desire to reach an agreement,'' said Manuel Espinoza, press secretary to President Daniel Ortega Saavedra.
STATUS: Profitable from the first year of purchase, with movies like ''Wall Street'' and ''Broadcast News.''
That is precisely what would be needed to meet the ever-growing needs of older people, mothers with very young children, students and people in job training courses.
To visit it, take the U-4 subway line to Heiligenstadt from any stop between the Karlsplatz near the State Opera to the Franz Josefs Kai and get out at the Friedensbrucke stop.
Youngstown State never got closer than 15 points for the rest of the game.
Mr. Lichter, a media planner at Kelly, Scott & Madison, a media management firm in Chicago, graduated from Middlebury College.
What have philosophers and writers across the ages said he meant?
''There's something slightly anti-human about it,'' says A. K. Dewdney, a computer scientist at the University of Western Ontario, who writes the ''Computer Recreations'' column for Scientific American.
Restaurants For a light lunch or an interesting dinner in an informal atmosphere, visit Lizzie Middlemiss's small restaurant named Funnywayt'mekalivin at 53 West Street (308827).
7.Spoon the scallop mixture into the baking dish, then spoon the creamed potatoes on top, spreading them evenly.
Even as Mr. Popejoy was making his proposal for the capital injection last week, he was announcing that the company had sustained huge losses for the fourth quarter and the year as its problem loans and soured real estate investments continued to mount.
After much etymological Ping-Pong over copious servings of Beaujolais, we agreed that a brasserie - French for brewery - always serves beer.
Not every Christian attends church, however, so the market is probably much smaller.
* Turning to nonorchestral events, we return to Yale, for a variety of interesting 8 P.M. concerts in Sprague Hall.
If successful, the deal will be worth $105 million.
There is no time like it to take big fish.
Mr. Goldsmith, who was vacationing in Florida yesterday, said he was not sure where he would be based in his new post.
The studio complex could easily accommodate an additional two million square feet of office space, mostly through new construction, but partly by renovating existing loft buildings.
He insisted today that as part of his agreement to become Minorco's chief executive he was guaranteed management independence.
$19.95 FEW conditions in American society can move us to nod our heads in approbation - albeit unconvincingly - more than any affirmation of family life, particularly when it comes to us in the form of a saga.
Plain fresh fruit or a fruit tart made with summer berries and served with creme fraiche would be a pleasant finish to any of these meals.
He wants to be a starting pitcher on opening day, but it may not happen.
They could also help us not to be debilitated by Washington's own turf wars.
For his part, the new leader, Prime Minister Karoly Grosz, has a record that offers few clues besides his age - 57, the same as Gorbachev's - and the naming of two aggressive reformers to the new Politburo.
''So I wouldn't be suprised to see 1988 be a year, not of high volatility, but of low volatility.''
Eight of the 12 dormitories were searched, also more than usual.
The institutions vary widely in educational philosophy and range in size from 19 pupils at a kindergarten through sixth grade school in Reykjavik, Iceland, to 2,800 at a 13-year school in Quito, Ecuador.
Steelworkers at the big companies accepted a $1.23 wage cut in 1983 that was supposed to be restored in 1986.
Stopovers on the 1,200-mile, 11-week walk are made in cities where Habitat has initiated a total of 120 projects, including a four-family house just completed at 55-61 Clinton Avenue in Bridgeport.
There are some words every actor wants to hear; Mr. Baker and Ms. Clarkson heard them opening night.
Cartwright missed the entire 1984-85 season and all but two games of the 1985-86 campaign with a stress fracture of his left foot.
One example is the 1949 issue, Scott No.
The matching all-wool sweater was $28 and the cotton blouse $24.
Before long Mrs. de Canson, who had inherited her art collection from her father, whose fortune came from the family's paper manufacturing company, was living in Mrs. Pesnel's suburban villa outside Toulon in southern France.
They can be prepared in any number of ways.
''Always be good to your mother,'' he might have said.
''They are on a roll,'' Daly said.
Attorneys for Mrs. Nickell had voiced the hope that the three-week-long trial would end in a mistrial after the jury failed to come back with a verdict upon the start of deliberation early last week.
The insert, scheduled for the March 14 issue, was part of a G.M.
''Some of the people on the biological list are signatories to the Biological Weapons Convention,'' he said at the hearing.
Mr. Swaggart has said he will resume preaching May 22, the end of a three-month suspension initially recommended by the denomination's Louisiana directors.
Wheelchair accessibility: All facilities on one level.
The key words are ''must pay.''
Gradually, the British influence prevailed.
LATE-NIGHT work on the upper level of the George Washington Bridge and the expressway lanes on both the upper and lower levels on the New York City side is continuing.
And in any case, who should have the power to make such a concession and what role should the local community board play?
- Representative Jack F. Kemp Jan. 11, 1988, news conference
Thomas Farrell of the Port Authority police said the number of homeless people at the bus terminal on the West Side of Manhattan probably jumped to 200 yesterday.
The trip will take about 25 minutes from Seattle.
b-Net loss Year-ago quarter and prior year loss included a charge of $22,407,000 for development costs.
The Three Compasses at 66 Cowcross Street (253 3368) is a pub with an upstairs restaurant offering dishes such as chicken en croute with Madeira sauce ($12), lentil and vegetable fritters with yogurt ($4) and steamed chocolate pudding ($4).
At any rate, the Giants have been fortunate thus far in the way of bumps and bruises.
The result, predicted J. Robert Copper, senior vice president of planning, will be that ''in five years, IC will have grown by compound double digits in earnings.''
''The key to Hunter is its core commitment to the arts and sciences; that's what makes it recognizable as a first-rate institution,'' she said.
The decision to open a largely women's clothing store by Barneys, primarily a men's-wear business, is based on a long-term view that not enough retailers are offering ''quality women's clothes at a good value,'' Gene Pressman said.
He would be the very strong favorite and could accept the limits on campaign contributions and spending for that office.
When Ms. Grosvenor, an only child who moved to Philadelphia with her parents when she was 9 or 10, started school there, she refused to read aloud in class because the other children called her Geechee, a term that was sometimes used derogatorily.
Radical feminists may be offended by the novel's outcome, if they lack a sense of humor.
He graduated from St. Lawrence College in Ramsgate, England.
Gyorgy Konrad, a novelist whose works are forbidden in his native Hungary but widely published abroad, said: ''The reformers try to have their cake and eat it, They want democratization in a one-party system.''
Afterwards, the most sober and perhaps most politically observant comments came from Mr. Carrick, the lawyer.
First, decide what contract you would wish to be in on a single-dummy basis, that is, studying the North-South hands in combination without information about the East-West hands apart from the spade king.
Despite the wishes of the baby's 21-year-old mother, Patricia Keetso, and the couple who have cared for the child, Allyssa Kristian Pitts, since her birth July 20, a judge has ruled that the child must be turned over to the Navajos.
Public Accommodations In the last few years, the Supreme Court has rejected constitutional challenges to anti-discrimination laws brought by the Jaycees and the Rotary Club, ruling that these huge organizations functioned as public accommodations rather than as private clubs.
A similar melding of the romantic and the outrageous fuels contemporary campus readings.
Katy Steding scored 16 points for the Cardinal (6-1).
Admission to the special exhibition is $3.
So we hear (and read, for the text is projected in red, white and blue English supertitles) a strange mixture of authentic Wagnerian verse and 20th-century pop argot.
I explained to her that, although providence had put me on this earth to promptly obey any of her whims, occasionally I had to make a living.
failed to disclose potential antitrust violations and neglected to disclose a plan to cripple Delchamps financially if it failed to buy the company.
LEAD: *3*** COMPANY REPORTS ** *3* Convest Energy Corp (OTC) Qtr to March 31 1988 1987 Revenue 464,000 552,000 Net loss 108,000 15,000 View Full Article in Timesmachine 
''I went there for my Ph.D. in English mostly because my friends were at the law school, but I didn't have any desire to be an academic or to write another paper as long as I lived.
For that expansion, the New Jersey State Council on the Arts, which is bankrolling the entire event, increased the budget from last year's $260,000 to $500,000 - with an extra $22,000 going to defray costs of presenting the Festival Latino, a New York Shakespeare Festival cultural project, whose five shows in Jersey City this week figure in this year's total number of performances.
She suggests how to use insects to fight insects, and advises on combinations of vegetables and flower plantings to confuse insects.
Withheld Rent in Protest In addition, pets were forbidden and tenants were required to pay a charge for overnight guests.
Although Petrie described the equipment as simple, it has taken nearly two years to introduce the Mount Hood Locater Unit.
The Episcopal Church of the Heavenly Rest in Manhattan was the setting yesterday for the wedding of Kae E. Konen, the daughter of Mr. and Mrs. Elvin R. Konen of Naples, Fla., and Lincoln, Mich., to Charles Robert Ledford Jonsons, the son of the late Mr. and Mrs. Karlis Andrejs Jonsons of Riga, Latvia.
Growth of that magnitude would almost certainly put upward pressure on inflation, the analysts said.
Partly in an attempt to blunt the impact of the incident, officials also decided that President Reagan should go ahead today with an endorsement of new punitive measures for drug use proposed by his National Drug Policy Board.
Optimism on Human Rights At a subsequent news conference, Dr. Marchuk gave a qualified prediction that the most troublesome remaining human rights issue for American scientists - the Soviet contention that some Jewish scientists can be denied emigration because they possess undefined ''state secrets'' - is on the way to resolution.
This would be achieved by keeping growth in some categories of spending below the inflation rate while others grew more rapidly, particularly Medicare and Medicaid.
In need of a power forward, the Knicks signed Cummings in 1984 as a free agent and gave the Dallas Mavericks a second- and a third-round draft choice not to match the offer.
With Rupert Everett, Anthony Delon, Ornella Muti.
Then in order come games against Lehigh, Bucknell, Davidson, Lafayette, Princeton, Hofstra and C. W. Post.
''But the real move comes tomorrow,'' Kite said.
The futuristic western show, which required scenery like that of Colorado, Utah or New Mexico, was filmed in Broken Hill, New South Wales, an outback town several hundred miles from Sydney.
Frank Lind, the chairman of the graduate fine arts program, said he met Miss Wrappe last spring when she visited the campus for a few days.
And the script he lives in seems so perfect for Charles Bronson that the audience wouldn't blink if Mr. Bronson jumped out shooting from behind a parked car.
''One cannot always take the autograph at face value, and one always has to give the composer a chance to change his mind in the first edition.''
With Mr. Bush's announcement last week that he would retain Nicholas F. Brady, a longtime friend, as Treasury Secretary, the appointments of Mr. Darman and Mr. Boskin would complete his team of top economic advisers.
The bride, who will retain her name, is an assistant director of publicity at Doubleday Publishers in New York.
Karl Schrag, another well-known name, makes a strong impression with his monotype of a seascape in which the soft colors, seemingly smudged on with the fingers, are activated by a few white scratches representing rain.
b-Net income The latest quarter includes a one- time loss of $466,000 from the sale of the company's Raleigh Cycle Co. subsidiary and a one-time gain of $1,750,000 related to a trade bill which suspended duties on certain bicycle components and parts purchased since July 1986.
The study panel includes representatives of the insurance industry, consumer groups, lawyers and state officials.
The world economy is well into its sixth straight year of growth with little inflation, and it is easy to argue that one of the reasons is Reaganomics.
(Spinsters/Aunt Lute, Cloth $20.95; Paper $10.95.)
Women are conspicuously absent from Lionel advertising, although Mr. Brady says 20 percent of new Lionel trains are given to girls.
An expectation of privacy does not give rise to the Fourth Amendment protection, however, unless society is prepared to accept that expectation as objectively reasonable.
Chambers's lead defense lawyer, Jack T. Litman, who fought vigorously in pretrial hearings to keep the jurors from seeing the tape, said the jurors would see the ''unvarnished'' truth in Mr.
They won four games in 1985, six in 1986 and eight last season when they finished in a tie for second place in the Big 10 with a 6-2 record and lost, 27-22, to Tennessee in the Peach Bowl.
Revenues rose 31.8 percent, to $2.9 billion from $2.2 billion.
''Skiing is an ideal sport for the disabled,'' said Laura Perry, director of the Vermont Handicapped Ski Foundation.
Failing to interest developers, the parcel remained a vacant, grassy field.
The Mayor set things off at the very beginning of the primary campaign by saying that ''Jews and other supporters of Israel would have to be crazy'' to vote for Mr. Jackson.
Montedison S.p.A., the chemicals group based in Milan, and Ente Nazionale Idrocarburi, the Italian state energy company agreed today to a major joint venture in a bid to compete in international markets.
The renovation was made with graphic arts and garment companies in mind.
If the big silent epics were often sultry, just the thing for tired businessmen, they were invariably, by definition, spectacular, and the exhibition features some mementoes of the most spectacular of them all, including Cecil B. DeMille's 1924 version of ''The Ten Commandments'' and the 1926 ''Ben-Hur'' (a terrible movie, but a wonderful chariot race).
To eliminate the deductibility of interest payments would only encourage foreign companies to buy up American ones, something that Congress would not want to unleash, they said.
Philip Morris, based in New York, has 113,000 employees.
Embroiling a fresh character in confusion not of his making is a proven device of farce, and Jonson was adept at unraveling all plots and undoing most of the plotters and plottees for a rousing finale.
There was some concern, however, about the effect of all this on Driesell's psyche.
Nearly every set of papers garners more gems.
Leave for Playoff Then the Mets boarded their charter flight in rousing spirits for Los Angeles, where they will open the playoff tomorrow night with Dwight Gooden pitching against Orel Hershiser of the Dodgers, who closed the season in a record-breaking whirl of 59 shutout innings.
An article by The Associated Press in Business Day on Sept. 5, about Federal scrutiny of electric cooperatives and utilities, included a company erroneously among those that received subpoenas from the Agriculture Department.
Navy (2-1) limited the tailback Todd McNair to 41 yards on 16 carries.
Five to 10 hours after an initial attack of hay fever or asthma has subsided, many sufferers experience a second reaction that is even more severe.
So when the Diocese of Rockville Centre announced last month that it was dividing St. Joseph's - with 11,000 families, its largest parish -into four parishes, Mrs. Staffa and other parishioners were outraged.
One of the most important reports will be today's release on the nation's July trade deficit, and many experts expect a deficit of about $11.5 billion, compared with $12.5 billion in June.
''But then we don't go out looking for people selling trees, so there may be some out there.''
Iraq is already using the Scud-B in its war against Iran, specifically in its attacks on Teheran.
''Rosie Vela, a star fashion model, wanted a treatment at home,'' Mr. Licari recalls.
I wonder if Mr. Zarub would call it anything but outrageous discrimination when Koreans who were injured by nuclear bombs in Hiroshima and Nagasaki were denied, because they were Koreans, the same medical treatment Japanese victims received.
The first cars made in the United States by a Japanese company arrived in Tokyo Friday when the Honda Motor Company unloaded 540 autos.
Sooner or later, in his fifth term as Yankee manager, Billy Martin will be center stage in another controversy.
GEORGE BUSH ''I've appointed prosecutors, I've appointed defenders.
is that all taxpayers above a certain threshold should pay some income tax, regardless of their deductions and exemptions.
The assembly was called when negotiations between the strike committee and management broke down after four hours of talks that ended at 8:30 this morning.
Bowling Green (5-2) will face Arkansas State, which beat Marshall, 81-73, in the championship game.
Butterfly'' is a story that itself defies belief.
In other words, tough guys understand each other, so can do mutually useful business despite philosophical disagreements.
''It looked like we weren't ready.
Ford reported record earnings of $1.66 billion, or $3.43 cents a share, in the second quarter.
The most impressive of the Americans were Mercer, Kelcie Banks, Bomani Parker, Todd Foster and Michael Collins.
Even then, the deductions had to be spread over the income-producing life of the project.
In 1987, Monet arbitraged Ogden debt by borrowing $160 million in Eurodollars and investing the money in company operations, C.D.
The sailors on the town in Cam Ranh, for example, are not Russian but Vietnamese.
Nor does the author merely rail against the military-industrial complex.
Despite its vaunted ability to imagine new worlds and furnish them with all manner of living creatures, science fiction is notably deficient in novels of character.
A work for two dancers who appear to be strolling lovers, it charmingly combines classical ballet with folk-dance steps.
''We have waited a whole year for Khomeini to say yes to 598,'' a senior Iraqi official said in an interview tonight, referring to the United Nations Security Council resolution calling for a cease-fire.
In other words, more prefer to work first.
''That's the America of George Bush and Dan Quayle,'' he said.
Of Mr. Arafat's recent remarks, Mr. Shamir said, ''We're witnesses to the P.L.O.
The Tokyo Stock Exchange (2-1 Nihombashi, Kaubuto-Cho, Chuo-Ku, Tokyo; 666-0141) is near the Kayaba-Cho station on the Tozai or Hibiya lines or the Edo Bashi station on the Toei-Asakusa line.
Along came a television producer wanting to buy the rights to the stories of the major participants.
He says those talks will only touch on the technical steps needed to reach a cease-fire, and he indicated that only one Nicaraguan would accompany the delegation of foreign specialists the Sandinistas have asked to represent them in the cease-fire negotiations.
When Patterson insisted, D'Amato departed as manager.
Stan Rapp, 62 years old and the chairman and co-founder of Rapp & Collins, an Omnicom company, has decided to retire from the agency to go on the lecture circuit and finish a second book.
Though the various rifle, pistol and shotgun events have a larger following in Europe, Americans have done well over the years.
While the furor didn't ruffle the United States, in Great Britain the Sex Pistols made pop consumers aware they were being manipulated, and invited them to join in the rude joke.
As the saying goes, ''Don't hold your breath.''
The cocaine was reportedly covered in coffee to prevent specially trained dogs from detecting the cocaine.
Grades and Students' Image Mina Choi, an 18-year-old Korean, tested something that had affected her own career: teachers' perceptions.
''It is suspicious, because he's going to seek some kind of support for a statement that would lead Reagan to ask for more aid for the contras,'' he said.
That half-in-jest remark from a man not yet secretly taping everything is not just a vague recollection.
Young adults should pay some amount in rent and perhaps supplement it with extra work around the house to earn their keep.
The company must reach a consensus on settlements with all creditors, lenders and shareholders before a formal plan can be filed for Judge Lifland's approval.
In the school's 13th National Invitation Tournament appearance, the team lost in the first round for the 11th time, 69-61, to Houston.
''Lajoinie has not changed the image of the French Communist Party, the image of a party that is sinking.''
''This is Islamic justice for contractors,'' fumed an industry lawyer today, as he worked on comments to be filed by contractors objecting to the latest set of rules.
This showed a strong raise in diamonds, and one might think that South would revert to diamonds when his partner showed a heart-stopper.
That looks like the best deal the Council and the Board of Estimate can responsibly achieve.
A campaign official at the meeting said he could not recall such heated language.
An Open-Door Tradition This belief in a special divine presence traditionally drew the faithful to visit churches to meditate, light votive candles or offer private prayers.
The Habib mission was arranged last Thursday, an Administration official explained, when Mr. Reagan telephoned King Hussein and had a ''very general discussion about some ideas that we have,'' the officials said.
Mr. Cox was born in Owensboro, Ky., and was graduated from the University of Missouri in 1971.
According to Miss McGillion, the Queens youth had blood on his clothing, and he went inside his house, changed clothes and returned to the car.
''Tell her I still hate her,'' she said, losing none of the venom she had stored since the time of President Kennedy's assassination.
We also polled about 3,000 members of the general public.
In the Washington State study, the researchers analyzed 676 truck crashes on the interstate system from June 1984 to July 1985.
; also, Leslie Trutt, Patchogue, L.I., and Ken Moss, Hauppaugue, L.I.
''There is something to the running down of Presidential influence toward the end of a second term to be sure, but that can be exaggerated,'' said Mr. Reichley, a senior fellow at the Brookings Institution.
Food at the Moriah is kosher.
When Tom Hammond, the play-by-play announcer, asked him why, McGuire admitted he had no basis for believing that, ''just a gut feeling.''
Nearly all of the actors are gay white men, which, because the show is drawn from the actors' experiences, means the perspectives of women, black and Hispanic people and children who have AIDS end up being excluded.
Four diners enjoyed three-course dinners for a total cost of $96.80, with beverages, tax and gratuities extra.
b-Net loss The company said the 1987 earnings reflect the writeoffs of the nuclear cost disallowances recorded in March and December of 1987 and the adoption of a new income tax accounting standard in 1987.
But he has acknowledged being upset after learning of the Dodgers' reaction before the game began.
Sweating Bullets ''We didn't know what to expect,'' Fortenbaugh said of the venture.
Local qualifying event, Tamarack Country Club, Greenwich, Conn., 4 P.M. Information: (203) 531-7364.
A buffet supper for adults and box supper for children, Renaissance carolers, a recorder quartet, caricaturists and pony rides on the plaza follow.
With a circulation of around one million paid subscribers, Nintendo Power Magazine is now one of the largest children's magazines in the country.
Its members include commissioned officers who are ordained ministers, like Captain Ferreira, a graduate of the Salvation Army Officers Training School in Suffern.
He is also banking on the Citroen AX, a sporty compact, which is doing for Citroen's dowdy image what the 205 and 405 have done for Peugeot's.
* Honda Motor Co., Marysville, Ohio, has broken ground for its second U.S. automobile plant, near East Liberty, Ohio, which is expected to cost about $300 million.
Dr. Sakharov has been for Mr. Gorbachev a source of credibility.
Proposal 2 would replace New York City's weak Board of Ethics with a more independent, and powerful, Conflicts of Interest Board, thereby creating a stronger tool to fight corruption.
Given the distance Mr. Gorbachev has traveled in his approach to the United States in recent years, and the capacity he has shown to embrace unconventional ideas, it seems likely that he will continue to test the ingenuity and flexibility of American leaders in the years ahead.
* The United States does not have ''a blueprint'' for Afghanistan after the Soviet withdrawal.
His brothers played a traditional card game in the next room, amid piles of 10,000 won bills, worth about $14 each.
The cost could drive producers to curtail the imaginations of scenic designers and directors.
But his strength on run blocking was nearly flawless and didn't allow a sack.
''Most of the time you're here and it's all sorts of middle-aged white men in suits - forests of middle-aged men in dark suits,'' Miss Abbott declared, lowering her voice, glancing about bright as a Caribbean flower amid all the Anglo-Saxon evergreens.
There may be some wishful thinking, but there is much to support the claim.
When the Iranians pulled themselves together, they not only expelled the Iraqis but advanced to the point where the regime of President Saddam Hussein was threatened.
Here is a President who does not seem to care when his people go in opposite directions.
Other vaccines are under study that fight the parasite in its earliest stage, when it is first injected into the bloodstream by a mosquito.
His ''Blind Man'' is equally strong, as is the handsome, slumped gentleman in a three-piece suit in Mr. Schlichter's ''Unemployed.''
Arab merchants in the Old City and along the main Salah e-Din shopping street have been on strike for weeks, and there have been a number of incidents of stones being thrown at city buses and private cars.
Digital F/ X Inc. of Mountain View, Calif., which has investors including the founders of the Lotus Development Corporation and Sun Micro Systems, has developed a computer that integrates most of the functions of a large, costly post-production television studio.
In their new book, they dramatically evoke the events leading up to the tragedy of ''Twilight Zone - The Movie.''
The invincible one was felled by a common cold and an uncommon performance by Pam Shriver yesterday.
Larry A. Myers's aim as the director of recruiting for the Jones Motor Group is to find enough new truck drivers to support the company's ambitious growth plans.
The Army Corps of Engineers is exploring a plan to use underwater pits near the shores of Brooklyn, Queens, Staten Island and Monmouth County, N.J., to bury dredged material that does not meet Federal ocean dumping standards, and the plan has created a furor.
But this talk of an uncommitted slate was not funny to Paul G. Kirk Jr., the Democratic national chairman, who visited New Jersey a few weeks ago to say that he wanted the party's nominee selected on the first ballot at the convention.
What It Costs The basic price for the Yugotours Sarajevo ski package, which includes round-trip air fare from New York, six nights of lodging, breakfasts and dinners, assistance of Yugotours representatives and a souvenir flight bag, ranges from $793 to $859 a person in double occupancy depending on which week is selected and which hotel one stays at.
The death penalty decision was Lowenfield v. Phelps, No.
The water was tested early in the day, and Long Beach was found to be an uncontaminated area.
'New York City's Gain' However, an associate interviewed at the county medical examiner's office in Hauppague, L.I., said, ''Our loss is going to be New York City's gain.''
The privileged Mrs. Biddle previously worked for Foote, Cone & Belding.
Site selection is now in its final stages.
I'VE always had the feeling that if I could store my leftovers neatly, the rest of my life would fall into place.
He is unhurried and hassle-free.
''I don't know whether what was done here is routine or not because I don't know what was done here.''
Parkinson's disease, a progressive and debilitating neurological disease that causes tremors and muscular rigidity, afflicts 500,000 Americans.
''This week it is just the reverse.''
Generally, their very skills in the classroom led to their promotions.
Mourners dragged them from their car and beat them unconscious.
World Bank Irks Zaire The World Bank has angered Zairian officials by suggesting that Zaire spend less money on its universities and more on primary and secondary education to prepare students for university.
The video cassette recorder just makes the problem worse.
But I speak to that from a strange perspective, since any man who has ever danced with me can attest to the fact that I have never learned to follow.)
With Woo pinch-hitting as interpreter, a local company won an important polypropylene contract from the People's Republic, and a refinisher of 1840's furniture landed a $1.5 million joint venture to build a furniture plant.
What he wants to do is bring back respect for the idea of the moneyed hereditary class, so discredited in recent years, for the good of the country.
His signing also cost the Yankees a second-round draft choice in the June free-agent draft.
An average adult alligator, about 6 or 7 feet long, can bring in $200 for its skin (mostly, only the underside of the animal is used) and $75 for its meat.
While Connecticut stands as a leader with this legislation, issues such as day care, care for the elderly and job retraining remain to be addressed.
''Nobody wants to do this job because it's dangerous.
They argue that their deficit already represents too high a percentage of their gross national product and that their interest rates have sunk to record lows.
Enough books by foreign writers have succeeded in the United States so that booksellers do not automatically resist ordering them.
LEAD: *3*** COMPANY REPORTS ** *3* Home Federal Savings & Loan Assn of the Rockies Qtr to Sept 30 1988 1987 Net inc 362,000 417,000 Per share .65 .77 9mo net inc 1,030,000 1,298,000 Per share 1.80 2.39 View Full Article in Timesmachine 
Mainers have been criticizing the state for years for what they view as its inability to control rapid development along the Atlantic and beside lakes.
And rap, which has been represented in the past, is taking up a larger part of the festival than in previous years.
Mr. Dole may wind up with as few as 12 slates.
Claire Trevor - the actress who starred in the films ''Stagecoach'' with John Wayne and ''Key Largo'' (for which she won an Academy Award) with Humphrey Bogart, Edward G. Robinson and Lauren Bacall - said she believed that you can diagnose character ''by what people have on their walls.''
Mr. Mondale, drawing on his own experience, also criticized the influence of Iowa, which holds the first caucus, and New Hampshire, which hold the first primary.
It may only be a small way, but it's the only way I know that I can protest.''
More medical waste, including syringes and blood vials, washed ashore yesterday on Rockaway Beach in Queens.
He said his campaign was gaining on George Bush.
The Columbia freshmen lost their race by one second, however, and were upset over it.
as participants strive for their goal: 'I made it.'
But, Mr. Picart said, the dismissal resulted from a disagreement over a new marketing strategy.
Politician Is Arrested Soon afterward, the police arrested Rajesh Yadav, the local politician who led more than 600 people in a cavalcade of 30 vans in rock-throwing attacks on the lawyers and then stormed the building, shouting slogans against the lawyers and supporting the police.
Similarly, had police searching the city dump run across incriminating evidence that, despite commingling with the trash of others, still retained its identity as Greenwood's, we would have a different case.
The principle of universality applies as validly to Israel as to China, a country the United States once strove mightily to exclude in an earlier, reflexive annual ritual.
The gentle fusion of flavors from dried apricots, fresh ginger and fennel and generous sprigs of rosemary and thyme make a rich sauce; the chicken and yam chunks become tender enough for their 16-month-old daughter, Halley, to eat.
But with the May 4 deadline less than two weeks away, only 1.2 million have applied.
The Tunku quaintly persists in believing that an independent judiciary is an obstacle to tyranny.
as an international Manson gang.
From the end of November to next June, seven orchestras will appear at the center in a series called ''Great Orchestras of the World.''
Ostracized in McCarthy Era At one time, he was a member of the American Geological Society, the American Oriental Society and the Oriental Club, of which he was an officer.
This brought The New York Times tally of delegates chosen so far to 638 for Mr. Jackson, 637 for Mr. Dukakis, 368 for Mr. Gore and 165 for Senator Paul Simon of Illinois.
The United States is not among them,'' he wrote.
''But after the first two games, it's been pretty good.''
Mr. Granger likes the fact that officers and directors now own 46 percent of the stock; he thinks that means they are unlikely to allow the bank to repeat the loan mistakes of the past.
Several important constituencies are represented on the list, whose disclosure also serves to test the waters for potential problems.
Rather, Nancy Goldstone has given us an amusing and good-natured version of the movie ''Wall Street.''
Higher 'Margin of Safety' But T. Allan McArtor, head of the Federal Aviation Administration, said the new rule ''will increase the margin of safety for all operators.''
BASKETBALL BOSTON (NBA) - Announced the retirement of K. C. Jones, head coach, effective at the end of the season.
If the developer agrees to provide affordable housing for town employees and service workers such as nurses, that ratio increases to .75, said Town Planner James G. Sandy.
A Mixed Blessing To many law-enforcement officials who recall the burst of cases that accompanied the expansion of the narcotics division from 575 officers in 1985 to more than 1,000 in 1987 after the arrival of crack, the Mayor's plan came as a mixed blessing.
Dingell a Reluctant Supporter While most lawmakers praised the Administration's trade negotiators, John D. Dingell, Democrat of Michigan and chairman of the House Energy and Commerce Committee, said he was a reluctant supporter, adding that he had hoped for a ''more vigorous presentation of the interests of the United States.''
CLERMONT, in Germantown, was the home to seven generations of the Livingston family, from 1728 to 1962, including the inventor Chancellor Robert R. Livingston.
I just thought it was wonderful.
Yet her lavish apartments and extravagant parties delight some of her guests and repel others.
Senator William Proxmire, Democrat of Wisconsin, had opened the daily proceedings with a speech criticizing United States aid to the Nicaraguan contras, but he left a few minutes after Mr. Inouye started to speak.
His records lasted long in this century of evanescent achievement.
But Team B is already in informal existence, and it's foolish to wait until after the Moscow summit meeting to get its different view before the President.
A few communities have adopted tough land-use laws requiring employers and developers to devise traffic-reduction plans.
in 1982 Mr. Bathon has been with the Interpublic Group of Companies.
Chambers had deliberately strangled Miss Levin after a fight.
James R. Killian Jr., the first Presidential assistant for science and technology, an architect of the National Aeronautics and Space Administration, and a president of Massachusetts Institute of Technology, died Friday at his home in Cambridge, Mass.
Rosa, like other prostitutes, gave her birthday in digits just the way you do in Central Booking - ''7-17-63.''
Firehouse in Mourning Today black and purple bunting was draped outside the Flower Hill Hose Company firehouse.
Some blood centers will accept bone marrow donors who are not also apheresis donors if the donor pays the $50 for the initial typing.
Mr. Burnett questioned the limit last March in a Congressional hearing in Chicago on problems at O'Hare.
The most unusual of the works was the American premiere of Maguy Marin's ''Lecons de Tenebres,'' to Francois Couperin's 18th-century score of the same title.
Sitting on a hill in a four-and-a-half-acre plot surrounded by other residences, the yellow two-story Cropsey house is Gothic in style, with gingerbread ornaments.
Ernie, Shellie's younger brother, was a sophomore substitute on the DuSable team that was one of the finest schoolboy teams ever, called the Wonder Five and still talked about today.
Mike Smithson, a nine-game winner with the Boston Red Sox in 1988, yesterday accepted an offer of salary arbitration with the team.
and ''What is he up to?''
The court is scheduled to hold another hearing July 21, and if the Bigelows win, it would clear the way for a trial on the issue.
Super Video operates more than 370 video rental and sales outlets in supermarket chains in the United States, while RKO Warner Theaters Video has 20 video ''superstores'' in New York and New Jersey.
Mr. Yeltsin, whose removal was announced by the official press agency Tass at the end of a two-day meeting of the party's Central Committee, became the first of Mr. Gorbachev's appointees to be demoted from the top party leadership.
Sheets, a broker with Brown, Harris, Stevens, in Manhattan, said that sellers should temper their expecations and approach pricing realistically.
He and his wife are 35 years old.
On Monday, Phillipe Chatrier, the I.T.F.
In October, it had indicated that it might be willing to pay $50 a share in a friendly acquisition.
During that time, a building or a group of buildings could be placed on a protected list for consideration as a landmark or a historic district.
Fate Rests With Middle Class Radical students and some opposition groups are expected to reject the apology and insist on retribution.
As the procession passed the phalanx, a lone bugler played taps.
We've made 10-flat or 9.90 something pretty consistent.
I have one; I cannot work with additional storage in a metropolitan area of a million and a half people.''
How far they can take it over the last seven games of their schedule their remains to be seen.
Albania left in 1961 after its break with the Soviet Union over de-Stalinization and the Chinese-Soviet ideological dispute.
In early 1982, Mr. Southgate negotiated the sale of BOC Computer Services, and the major companies within the division - Software Sciences and Datasolve - were acquired by Thorn EMI.
I knew what you did with an enema bag.
In addition, farmers would benefit under the bill from a new agricultural export subsidy program, and economically depressed oil states would get a long-sought repeal of the eight-year-old ''windfall profits'' tax on crude oil production.
Crude steel production in the European Community rose 12.5 percent in September from a year earlier, the 12-nation trade bloc said today.
They hit a combined .166 and drove in five runs.
PERHAPS THE CURRENT crisis can be traced to the coming of the large new Congressional class during the mid-1970's.
It comes three years after the vineyard was restored.
The same tactic will be used this weekend.
CSX, a railroad company, acquired Sea-Land, an ocean shipper, in 1986.
But unlike Friday night, when the first period ended with the score 37-37, the Knicks were clearly the dominant team offensively.
Vote Seen as an Augury Whether voters agree will be known only on Nov. 9 when they go to the polls in an election that will be closely watched throughout Mexico.
Each acre of pond yields about 4,500 pounds of catfish a year.
An Earlier Inquiry Found Dangers Mr. La Grone's evaluation masked the Fernald plant's hazards and differed substantially from the conclusions of a report prepared five months earlier by investigators whom he had appointed to study problems there.
He has said he he would not object to setting up a separate Government entity to operate the air-traffic control system.
To the airlines ''spoilage'' - empty seats on sold-out flights - is clearly the greater evil.
Shelton Jones Cheering Section The crowd was divided in the five minutes it took for the Knicks to decide, The loudest chants were for Shelton Jones, the St. John's forward.
Two weeks ago, Harry Carson said he had no plans to retire from pro football.
The magazine did not say who would replace her.
It said that ''personal life style decisions could seriously impact other participants' health care costs.''
Consider: * Tommy John, the 45-year-old left-hander, was used three times in a five-day stretch, starting two games and pitching four and one-third innings of relief in another.
Environmentalists are suing to reverse that, however.
Reliance on what was deemed an objective, if somewhat bizarre solution, was obviated by the fact that the Garden was unavailable for a replay for the next several evenings because of the basketball playoffs and a college graduation.
Although Stamford and the state have contributed to First Night, the event is sponsored and run by First Night Stamford Inc., a nonprofit organization run by a board of directors led by Mrs. Sinrich.
These songs are the first in which he takes a hard look at the reality of personal relationships, sorting through all the ambiguities of love - commitment and fear, security and boredom, sexual selfishness and emotional generosity.
For most listeners, these pieces are perhaps overshadowed by his immensely popular Concerto for Orchestra, his six string quartets and his often-heard Violin Concerto.
Governor Dukakis, speaking of seeming changes of position, you have gone from calling the Strategic Defense Initiative, or ''Star Wars,'' a fantasy and a fraud to saying recently you would continue S.D.I.
Mr. Reid recalled that when he performed in New Orleans in the 70's, musicians would go to an after-hours place called Lucky Pierre's(now closed).
It's pretty hard to be cool when you're the only ones displaying knobby knees.
For the first time, the night before such a game, the coaches were sitting side by side, and a total of more than a dozen players had come to share their religious lives.
Yes, the shattering earthquake in northern Armenia forced him to cut short his visit to New York before he had fully exploited the warm glow created by his announcement of a unilateral cut in Soviet military might.
First of all, an orchestra with no chef regularly in the kitchen tends in time to disintegrate technically.
C. BOYDEN GRAY Counselor to the Vice President Washington, Nov. 1, 1988
''We have to make our society understand that we did send these people to Afghanistan, and to think about how to re-integrate them into society.
Miss McCausland, who was presented at the the Junior League Cotillion of Bergen County, N.J., graduated from the Elisabeth Morrow School and Pennsylvania State University.
Author of ''Pruning the Insolent Wisteria,'' Sheppard Hepps found himself on Phil Donahue's talk show.
Dr. Wald and his colleagues, including Dr. James B. Haddow of the Foundation for Blood Research in Scarborough, Me., and Dr. Jacob A. Canick of Brown University in Providence, R.I., published a report of the new test in the current issue of The British Medical Journal.
A spokeswoman for the Supreme Court, Kathy Arberg, said the order sparing Mr. Hawkins was entered at 10:25 P.M.
Federal inspectors will then use the tests to check for residues in the meat, fat, livers or kidneys of animals, and in milk and eggs.
Under the Japanese accounting rules, Mr. Kellner explained, their insurers would have to book losses on foreign currency assets if they fell 15 percent or more in March, as compared with the year before.
The Amex, in its announcement, warned that Chase's share price could be vulnerable if any of the small group of buyers decided to sell some shares.
I say to myself: It's all right, I'm still his father, aren't I?
After the success of his Darjeeling, Mr. Barrows plans to introduce two more loose teas in early July: American Breakfast, an Irish breakfast-style tea using a blend of Assam and Ceylon teas, and Sencha, a Japanese green tea.
Perhaps 24 B-B3 was the best defense.
Iraq also supported Saudi views.
Some companies are going to have to borrow hundreds of millions of dollars.''
A Second 'Deadline' Passes It was the second time that RJR Nabisco's board had set a supposedly firm bidding deadline, only to alter the rules and allow more haggling.
ANDREW T. MCKINNEY 3D Houston, July 9, 1988
''It was a Catch-22 situation.''
29 The Columbus quincentenary will have been seven years in the planning when the 500th anniversary of Christopher Columbus's voyage arrives in 1992.
Mr. and Mrs. Henry L. Coon of Bronxville, N.Y., have announced the engagement of Mrs. Coon's daughter Suzanne Louise Stroble to Douglas Richard Sitter, a son of Mr. and Mrs. Charles Richard Sitter of Bronxville.
A market basket post would alter the dynamics of program trading, in effect consolidating program trades back to a single order.
The females quickly stop lactating, begin ovulating and are now able to bear the infants of the usurper male.
But he said they might ask for tax credits or antitrust exemptions to allow a consortium of companies to produce chips.
Experience Comes Into Play There are fewer easy matches for the 33-year-old Evert nowadays, but age is not always a handicap.
On the Commodity Exchange, bullion for current delivery was quoted at $480.20 an ounce, down 50 cents.
As long as children dress appropriately for special occasions, parents these days are pretty much letting them wear what they choose the rest of the time.
If I don't get there in time, it's decreed I wasn't meant to do it.
Sanchez, a clay court specialist, had Wilander in trouble, winning the first set and holding a set point in the second-set tie breaker.
That same day, Karolyi, overlooked twice as coach of the Olympic team, was named chief of the American gymnastics delegation, in effect becoming Peters's boss.
''The economy continues to expand at a vigorous rate, completing a second quarter somewhat stronger than the first,'' Mr. Bretz said.
The Maskette, at one mile, may draw a field of only three or four.
Lawyers expect that a criminal plea would only be made with a parallel Securities and Exchange Commission agreement that would permit a waiver of Federal laws.
It uncertainly tries a little of each.
He then insisted he had fudged only to protect his daughter Jacqueline, for whom he had arranged a job with an advertising agency connected to Yonkers Raceway.
Steroid use by athletes has been linked to increased fighting and other aggressive and hostile behaviors.
While Americans over 50 make up just a quarter of the population, they consume more than half the prescription drugs.
King has objected to not being given the latitude a promoter usually has to select whom he wants to run the closed-circuit and pay-per-view operations, and to conduct negotiations with the opposition.
The Soviet Union began pulling its forces out of Afghanistan on May 15 under accords signed in Geneva, and units still in Afghanistan awaiting withdrawal are not taking part in offensive operations.
Especially in the first half of the concert, it sometimes seems as if Prince wants to play every song he's ever written, as he zooms through barely a verse of each title in quick-cutting, montage-like medleys.
Quality American Products Mr. Gray said the turnaround ''shows that Americans can still make and sell quality products.''
In working with Shakespeare, one of the New Audience ensemble's specific goals has been to find the relationship between the heightened language of the Elizabethan texts and the sensibilities of today's theater.
Elementary school students returned to school last week, and students from high schools are to go back a week from now.
It did issue a statement that called them ''intransigent'' and distanced itself ''from any public statements they make on the subject of abortion.''
ERNEST NEUFELD Middletown, N.Y., July 13, 1988
'Let History Judge' He denied that he was trying to make a political comeback or to promote sales of his book.
To a certain extent, the pressures on the launching industry are a result of changes in the market for communications satellites, the primary payload for commercial space transport.
Mr. Alley's record may be better than that of his predecessors.
Of course, if the wholly unexpected occurs, the United States could carry 2 points to the medal round, sweep there, and win the gold.
In the leaflet, the ministers reaffirmed the Southern Baptist stance against abortion, saying: ''We strongly oppose abortion as an abomination before God.
As its title suggests, ''Words'' is devoted to films as writing, mostly in the form of memorable lines but occasionally in scenes that are silent but eloquent.
If I had to make the decision all over again, without knowing the result, I'd make the decision all over again.''
Trinidad and Tobago's tourist board in New York reports space available across the board for March.
Enrollment had dropped 70 percent, to 500 students, partly because of an out-of-hand party atmosophere.
The 2-to-1 ruling by the appeals panel today concludes that the law deprives the states of the ''authority of training the militia'' and violates Article I of the Constitution.
* Mr. Tillinger, who has a hectic, highly visible directing agenda apart from the Long Wharf, has lately become associated with the works of Mr. Gurney, ''Antigone'' and ''Scenes'' being the fourth and fifth Gurney plays he has staged.
Western economists and diplomats say plunging oil prices have combined with the mismanagement of Algeria's highly centralized economy to bring about the nation's most serious social and economic crisis since it won independence from France in 1962.
His trip is expected to produce only cultural and civil aviation agreements.
Seismic Institute Destroyed As the earth shook, according to newspaper and television reports, trains were derailed and tracks obliterated by landslides, cars and trucks were tossed off the roads like toys, factories and apartment houses collapsed, and thousands of fires were ignited by broken gas and electric lines.
Japan Eases Farm Imports Tokyo and Washington reached agreement on easing Japan's curbs on citrus and beef imports.
Maurice Dawkins, a black businessman and former Democrat, won the Republican nomination today to run for a Senate seat against former Gov.
The revolt, which began Friday morning, centered on the army's resentment over the prosecution of military men for human rights abuses during the seven years of military rule and for negligence in the 1982 Falkland Islands war, which Argentina lost to Britain.
But it's partly our fault for destroying the moderates.
In a legal brief submitted for a court hearing that is to begin here Monday, Mrs. Whitehead Gould seeks a steady expansion of her visiting time so that the child, by age 5, will be with her every other weekend, from four to six hours one weekday each week, for half of the summer and for one week at Christmas and another in late winter or early spring.
Parks called the police and watched Mr. Hayes through a window.
Steve Sax had three hits and drove in both of the Dodgers' runs, and the rookie Shawn Hillegas limited Pittsburgh to one run over six innings as the Dodgers beat the Pirates, 2-1.
Trent Tucker, the league's leading 3-pointer shooter, went 2 for 5 on his way to a 10-point effort.
These were decidedly festive performances, in which broad, extroverted gestures, bright orchestral coloration and an insistent energy took precedence, leaving to the imagination the subtlety and detail one hopes to hear in an unamplified, indoor concert.
With perestroika thus endangered by the party foot-draggers, American economic cooperation is needed to help the Gorbachevites win.
When the couple married about three years ago, Leander Glover said, the Cutchogue Methodist Church overflowed with friends and relatives.
''I found the tropical foliage most intriguing,'' he said, ''so I talked the clients into having a lot of gardens.''
Christian Graeff, a former ambassador to Libya and Lebanon, is expected to become France's Ambassador in Teheran, the first since 1981.
''Kenny's interception should have an asterisk,'' contended the Jets' quarterback coach, Zeke Bratkowski, who happened to be Starr's understudy.
The pool, which has an estimated deficit of $2.7 billion, was a good idea when it was created five years ago, Mr. Loveys said.
Although the State University has no formal ties to the project, campus officials expect the research park to help its continuing effort to bring top academic talent to the school.
Not everyone considers a big rise in short interest to be bullish.
''The question is whether the extent of the work approximates what needs to be done and whether the examples we're being shown represent a Potemkin village.''
Created by Charles of the Ritz, and now owned by Revlon, the Aroma Disc ''plays'' 20 scents in all, with names that are more reminiscent of songs than smells; ''Candlelight Dinner,'' ''Mountain Top,'' ''Moonlight,'' ''After Dinner Mints'' and ''Passion'' are the hardest to decipher, but the aromas, regardless of the correlation to their labels, are pleasant and the dispenser effective.
When Mr. Duarte met Mr. Ortega at opening ceremonies this morning, the two men stared coldly at each other and did not shake hands.
Cornell officials, however, disputed this contention.
Mr. Cromwell was granted immunity and had been expected to testify that he and Mr. Gates fabricated a story to cover up their marijuana smoking on the train.
A spokeswoman for the Con Edison Company, Pat Richardi, said a storm caused widely scattered outages throughout Staten Island.
''Although I would have voted for Jesse Jackson,'' a West German viewer wrote, ''I'm glad that Mike Dukakis will be the candidate for the elections.
In 1979 he was appointed as a Vice Minister of the Power Industry, from where he moved into the inner circle of China's leadership.
There was no hiding the professional interest of each in the other.
''The sentences sound reasonable given the underlying nature of the charges and proof,'' said Robert G. Morvillo, a specialist in white-collar crime for the New York law firm of Obermaier, Morvillo & Abramowitz, which was not involved with the case.
Not to participate is meaningless.
The Dolphins have a 6-3 record with him as their starter.
''He did a lot better than he did four years ago, and this is not his strongest event.
Like most merchants who tend to see the rosy side of things, the Columbus, Ohio, native views Sears's problems as ''opportunities.''
Over all, the Soviet Union won 132 medals, including 53 gold.
When the pollen reaches the flower, seed (the corn kernel) is formed.
(Bobo) Cegelski to the scouting staff.
It's a clear and handy presentation.
The guys who did are legends.''
Everyone looked at me as if I was insane - the way the mechanic in the city had looked when I asked if the road charge would be applied to the cost of the repairs - and the man said plaintively, ''You want me to take a check for three dollars and twenty cents?''
Flights, which will leave once a day, in the morning, will go to four locations: the Dominican Republic, Jamaica, St. Martin, and Aruba.
The transfer concept, which was developed in Sweden and Texas more than 30 years ago, can have many ramifications.
Thanks to a highly improbable convergence of several usually scattered midwinter holidays, Valentine's Day, the birthdays of America's first and 16th Presidents (now telescoped into a single, generic President's Day), and the warm-up to both Chinese New Year's and Mardi Gras (or Carnival) have all found themselves squeezed onto this weekend's calendar.
It was extremely naive of him to think we'd respond positively.''
to 15, was third, on a volume of 9 million shares.
Adrian G. Morris Jr., is accused of failing to use condoms and to warn three soldiers with whom he had sexual relations that he had tested positive for the virus.
It had a solid steel door with a slot for food trays, holes for ventilation near the top of one wall, a triple bunk bed, a toilet, a shower and a single, bare light bulb.
''The state gave us us five years to put in a sprinkler system and gave us only 30 days to make capital improvements on our pools,'' Mr. Munger said.
Only madness on this scale can tempt a man to throw away his life by tangling with Richard Chamberlain.
Mr. Moynihan, who is seeking election to a third term this year, did not suggest that New York's situation would improve under a Democratic administration.
In 1971, he was named first team all-America halfback by The Sporting News.
Here, Gross finished fifth in 53.44 and Jay Mortenson of Madison, Wis., sixth in 54.07.
The Wildcats challenged again with 9:03 to play when a jumper by Eric Manuel made the score 63-58.
Or Mr. Dukakis stiff and resistant to an hour and a half of questions Tuesday from Ted Koppel.
FOR years, scientists who wanted to do research involving human embryos and fetuses have found themselves in a Catch-22 situation.
That means the Yankees will see Bruce Hurst tonight, Dennis (Oil Can) Boyd tomorrow night and Roger Clemens Wednesday night.
But the vote of Vice Mayor Henry Spallone was not a surprise.
The terminal has become a refuge for hundreds of homeless people, who often have public services delivered to their blanket.
During General Namphy's two years as head of that provisional administration, there was speculation, especially in the beginning, that the reason for some of his apparent indecision and unwillingness to institute change was that he was being directed by then-Colonel Avril and others behind the scenes.
''When it happened, we ran outside.
While economic statistics have moved from signs of strength to weakness like a playground seesaw, investors and traders have been content to stand by idly and watch bond yields move in a very narrow range.
If a meal has been served and rejected by a customer, and efforts to find an acceptable substitute have been unsuccessful, they may not charge for the offending item or for the entire meal.
The cast is also credited with ''collaboration'' with the choreographers.
Gulf Financial said it had sent James L. Ketelsen, Tenneco's chairman, a letter seeking a meeting to discuss its undisclosed cash offer.
To the Editor: Reports of the proposal to reform the Medicare physician payment system (news story, Sept. 29) have characterized the resource-based relative value scale study as being designed primarily to redistribute physician incomes.
''We certainly have that sense from their public statements and private statements they've made to me that they certainly do regard their presence in Afghanistan as counterproductive at this point.''
Puerto Rico's total population was 3,292,000 last year, up 95,000 from the 1980 census.
Federal prosecutors have disclosed that one of their witnesses recently admitted giving some untrue testimony in the corruption trial of Stanley M. Friedman, the former Bronx Democratic leader.
The Interior Department hopes to realize a minimum of $130 million from the sale.
His parents starved to death during the Nazi blockade of the city, and he was raised by relatives in the countryside.
To remove and replace vinyl siding, obtain a tool called a zipper, used to separate and refasten the interlocking flanges at the top and bottom of sections.
''Without this, the impact on Bridgeport would be catastrophic.''
Few T-4 Cells With Virus Another mystery had been the difficulty in finding T-4 cells containing the AIDS virus, even in patients who had antibodies to the virus and who had symptoms of AIDS.
All of her clients are black, 79 percent are women and most have little or no work experience.
Representatives of Thyssen Henschel, the West German company heading the Transrapid project, are in touch with American companies, notably the General Dynamics Corporation and Bechtel Group Inc., on the building of a Transrapid consortium in the United States.
As even the least clairvoyant onlooker eventually divines, the answer is much more out-of-this-world: the Ghostbusters are back.
assistance or new capital,'' said Representative Charles E. Schumer, a Brooklyn Democrat, referring to the Federal Savings and Loan Insurance Corporation.
Neighborhoods in the West Side and the South End are hard-pressed to accept more housing of any variety.
How to Lure the Fans The Horsefair is an extension of Nerud's idea of the horse at the shopping mall.
Nor is he likely even to publish it.
To read the information later, a weaker polarized laser beam is shined at the spot.
b-Includes a gain of $19,600,000 and $2,151,000 from an accounting change for the latest and year-ago periods, respectively.
A1 Doubts about the Soviet withdrawal from Afghanistan have been expressed by some American officials, who think that Soviet troops are returning to Afghanistan.
She's got very good instincts.
They can't stop it from happening, but they have various strategies for dealing with it.
Ivan Boldizsar, president of the Hungarian PEN Center and one of the first people from a Soviet bloc nation to receive an honorary degree in the United States, died Thursday in Budapest after a long illness.
''Many people here do not understand this.''
The bill so far has run to more than $2.2 million, about 4 percent of the country's annual budget of $55 million.
In its long gulf war with Iraq, Iran has moved to unify its diversified armed forces under a single military command that will depend more on conscripts than volunteers.
The department has scheduled a meeting in Salt Lake City on Dec. 16 to discuss the problem with Mr. Romer, Mr. Andrus, and Gary Carruthers, the Governor of New Mexico.
The company, then called the Performing Arts Repertory Theater, began by mounting biographies and histories, but it has branched out to issue-oriented shows to help raise children's awareness of divorce, drugs and the environment and other such issues.
Bharat Bhargava, chairman of the National Federation of Indian Americans, a group based in Philadelphia, said, ''His apology took a lot of courage, but that's not to say that his original statement was anything but an embarrassment.''
We have developed a revenue-neutral proposal that is under consideration, and Secretary Bowen and I hope that it will be part of our 1989 legislative package.
''It might be something as seemingly simple as helping a teen-ager make a phone call to the hot line of the Runaway and Homeless Youthnetwork,'' Ms. Walter said.
There is common ground, to a point.
Don Nelson thinks if anything precipitates a Celtic demise, it will be the lessening of Auerbach's presence and influence as he gets older.
Handled properly, a smile can be a most potent weapon.
Nassau County Medical Center last month restricted admissions for the first time in its 53-year history after being cited by the state for not having enough nurses.
And Paul Nitschke, a 49-year-old restaurateur from Columbus, said that as a former Guard member, he was very sympathetic to Mr. Quayle's action.
For Bird, the Lakers and Celtics in the final is normal order.
I know where it comes from -my upbringing.
The accounting office said the Secretary of Housing and Urban Development and the Administrator of the environmental agency should meet to ''define their respective responsibilities and planned actions.''
A remark by a Soviet official 22 years ago that ''religion is for old people'' vexed Rabbi Arthur Schneier, then the young leader of the Park East Synagogue, in a broadly political and deeply personal way.
Their revenues come from managing and brokering the lists owned by others.
Since the upfront fees are steep, the experts say a co-op should aim for the longest term possible even if it is seeking only a small loan.
Now, to make sure that the symphony would wait for the finale even if they were a little tardy returning, the bassists would tie the last part of the score with a rope so that the conductor couldn't turn the page.
Should American manufacturers spend their resources on more worthwhile products?
has made a name for itself as a world leader in pig breeding,'' said Rodger Johnson, a professor of animal science at the University of Nebraska.
Light, shadow and shape enchanted her.
This spring it surfaced suddenly with Darryl Strawberry's sharp-toothed unkindness toward his teammates, including his manager, Dave Johnson.
* In Chile, there were ''reliable and documented reports of torture and mistreatment of those detained by Chilean security forces.
Cozumel Island Most hotels are not open.
With agreement to control spending on a range of products such as wine, tobacco and cotton in place, Britain and the Netherlands will stop blocking an overall financial deal struck at the European Community summit meeting in Brussels 10 days ago.
The rationale is that those investments not only assist overseas economic development but create new markets for American exports.
If the owner had looked on page 50 of ''SoHo-Cast Iron Historic District,'' a New York City publication, he would have noted that John Kellum designed this building with an iron-trimmed marble facade.
Mr. Suarez-Mason also faces a second civil lawsuit brought in Federal District Court here by Argentine civilians or their surviving relatives.
Such fears are the reason for the unprecedented security precautions being taken to keep the transgenic mice in the laboratory, precautions Dr. Martin labels as ''overkill.''
Staying Afloat Manuela Carosi of Italy may win no medals in Olympic swimming, but she should get one for perserverance.
Though it's true that in his oblique, defensive way, Gerard has the last word: ''One thing does puzzle me though, why you want to call all this rigmarole Marxism.
In one of the most bizarre episodes in our constitutional history, the Supreme Court vigorously attempted to block access to the best and most reliable account of our dealings in Vietnam before our withdrawal April 30, 1975.
The company said 1987 results have been restated to reflect a change in accounting for loan fees.
Revenue for the year-ago periods is restated to reflect the consolidation of the company's previously unconsolidated subsidiaries.
May 15, 1988 Withdrawal from Afghanistan would begin.
The clubhouse also features a doctor's office, a 20-seat conference room, an audio-visual room, a full kitchen, a spacious sauna and a sunken whirlpool that can soothe 10 at a time.
Much research is aimed at finding drugs that quickly counteract a depression, but so far the new drugs have failed to act fast enough to make an important difference.
But he stands by his original estimation, as well he might.
''You can say that most of the programs playing in your head are lots of fun,'' he said.
Yet, even with the ball on their own 1, the Jets' defense stiffened and stopped the Chiefs three straight times.
Mr. Fontano gives us a lively and touching portrait of the dancer as nomad in ''Sala B,'' a flowing group dance set to soft-edged lyrical pop- and folk-tinged music by Eugenio Bennato and Toni Esposito.
But some of it is not so welcome.
For reasons not yet fully understood, however, only Earth followed a path that eventually led to primitive life followed by higher life forms.
For them, these things may be an isolated events.
Leaflets inside the packs will warn of a dozen or more fatal diseases that have been linked to smoking.
It is the very picture of catastrophe, and yet no one takes any notice.
A 4-year-old girl missing for six weeks before she was found hidden in a pit beneath a church was reported in good condition today.
But Indiana is solidly Republican in Presidential elections.
Pat Keedy and Cameron Drew hit home runs against the sinkerballer.
Cain is a subsidiary of Occidental Petroleum Corp. * Coated Sales Inc., Hazlet, N.J., which converts raw fabrics into finished treated and coated fabric, appointed Edward P. Delson chief financial officer.
Theirs is a common-sense approach drawing on such homely wisdom as ''forewarned is forearmed.''
Loral is based in New York and manufactures military electronic systems.
LEAD: *3*** COMPANY REPORTS ** *3* Ceramics Process Systems Qtr to March 31 1988 1987 Revenue 907,000 949,000 Net loss 2,100,000 1,100,000 View Full Article in Timesmachine 
''I started in coveralls,'' he said.
''Basically, what we've had is a tidal wave rolling down to the south,'' said Dave Bridgwater, an entomologist at the United States Forest Service's regional office in Portland.
And secondly, in terms of the cutting of the Coast Guard, it was the Congress, the Democratic-controlled Congress -so please help us with that - who cut $70 million from the Coast Guard out of the interdiction effort on narcotics.
It makes a nice break in the routine.
The expansion, the garden's first major one since 1910, includes an unusual four-building conservatory complex, part of which seemingly erupts from the earth.
A year ago the then spot July wheat delivery traded at $2.55.
It has declared the strike illegal and told all the strikers they are dismissed.
The controversy between a Federal prosecutor and the Bronx District Attorney over confidential information in Federal Bureau of Investigation files and who leaked it has become a political version of a barroom brawl.
More than 10,000 people are expected to participate in the engagements.
Officials from Beijing's Bureau of Civil Affairs wooed the good doctor with promises of housing, a factory of his own and fame.
Orphaned at the age of 2, he was raised by his elder sister, Wilhelmina, a schoolteacher in Texas.
''For this reason, we cannot take part in the Olympic Games that is forced by single-handed hosting.''
If a cable is frayed, it must be replaced.
A long lens needs a higher shutter speed to prevent camera-shake blurriness than a wide-angle one.
He is serving a seven-year term for the 1980 conviction.
But the Army has ruled out providing tuition assistance for soldiers who are entitled to benefits under the bill for Vietnam veterans and it will not pay for a degree that is lower or similar to one a soldier already has.
The earlier leaflet listed even more demands, such as ending a special drive to collect back taxes.
Other current and past intelligence officials said some people were seeking to replace Mr. Webster on the ground that he had not been sympathetic enough to the C.I.A.
There are some subjects around the White House in the waning months of Ronald Reagan's Presidency about which his aides avoid comment: Attorney General Edwin Meese 3d is one, and the issues briefing luncheon, held each Monday afternoon in the Cabinet Room, is another.
Tommy, for reasons never fully explained, is kept locked in the feed shed.
Eventually I left the force in order to earn a better living for my family and I joined a real-estate office in Katonah full time to learn the business.''
From 1976 to 1983, he was senior vice president and chief financial officer for Gimbel Brothers Inc. Mr. Stone began his retailing career in 1946 in the executive training program of R. H. White of Boston.
Dr. D. E. Alexander, professor of plant genetics at the University of Illinois in Champaign-Urbana, said ''a corn plant is a little factory out there,'' working to convert carbon dioxide to starch and cellulose.
When the underground route was first opened up, mainly young girls, some as young as 14 years old, were taken to the United States to work as domestic servants.
And department stores, in turn, depend on location - which, he argues, real estate people understand better than retailers.
The DeskJet uses ink-jet technology.
But this campaign is marked by the absence of hair-pulling and teeth-gnashing that characterized 1980, when the allies were confronted with a Presidential candidate who was not only someone they knew as a former movie star but also a Californian who might not care much about the North Atlantic Treaty Organization.
The pirate's eye patch on their helmet resembles a Hathaway man now.
Jack W. Owen, executive vice president of the American Hospital Association, said hospitals would risk malpractice suits if the drug were made available only to patients under 65 who have private insurance that covers it, or if one hospital in a community provided its patients with TPA and another did not.
''We used to have to turn students away,'' said Shirley C. Menendez, director of housing services.
This was a sale with 99 percent from American private collections and estates.
Concerns have been raised in the past by the United States Department of Energy, which has told Congress that Hydro-Quebec's system, involving 400 dams, 80 generating stations and 21,000 miles of transmission lines - many of them in remote areas -falls short of American standards.
The tempo accelerates after 9 on weeknights with live music.
The lecture, which drew links between man's evolution and emotions, was held at the Training Institute for Mental Health in Manhattan.
Neither Mr. Drabinsky nor his spokeswoman, Linda Friendly, would speak to the press yesterday.
In 1988, the polls show that in most of the big states - notably in California, Ohio, Michigan and Illinois, which together have 114 electoral votes - the contest between Mr. Bush and Mr. Dukakis is now quite close.
Everyone is going to lose one player and can only protect eight.
Under the new measure, the board president is expected to receive a salary of $20,000 a year and the rest of the board members, $15,000.
Krommer was a Czech from Moravia who moved to Vienna in 1795 and became a reasonably popular figure there.
The sure losers include the Town of Shoreham and the United States Treasury.
I took an aspirin and, to the dismay of my son, stuffed my ears with tissue paper, vowing that never again would I travel in South America without bringing along a set of ear plugs.
Challenging their charges, Warren Bodow, the president of the Interstate Broadcasting Company, the operator of WQXR, said: ''Age played no role in our decision to change some of our on-air personalities.
The work is being done with all cash and no financing - because none was available, Mr. Margules said - at a cost of $5,000 an apartment.
Industry analysts said they were having a hard time judging the transaction because the bank board had released few details.
Witness's Parents Present ''I met Ms. Myerson through my mother,'' she said, adding that the meeting took place at a dinner party at her mother's home.
''This party's for the big boys.''
But they lost their final two games, earning the wild-card berth when the St. Louis Cardinals also lost.
Finally, it is essential to mention the museum that outdoor lovers seem to prefer: the Rodin Museum (77 Rue de Varenne; 47.05.01.34), where you can stroll through the gardens of the artists's mansion while admiring his sculpture.
By the time the Devils made an adjustment to the smaller rink, the Bruins had opened the scoring, with Wesley beating Sauve with a shot a stride from inside the blue line on the left, 8:48 into the game.
Public health officials have advised against eating fish from the harbor.
THE POSSIBLE FUTURE OF MARS exploration can be glimpsed already in an arroyo at the edge of Pasadena, Calif. Running down from NASA's Jet Propulsion Laboratory in the San Gabriel foothills toward the Rose Bowl, it is a desolate, boulder-strewn wash, not unlike the surface of Mars itself.
''Goldman doesn't give away money,'' one competitor said.
Am I going to make it to the right hospital on time?''
''But if you hit him with a left hand, now he's got to stop and set up again.
Such capacities are seen by the military as paving the way for strategies for war.
''Most of these cases are neglect cases,'' he added, ''and most neglect is nothing more than poverty.
Although both Mr. King and his wife grew up in Maine, they aren't crazy about lobster.
She said the taxpayers and clergy members who sued, along with the American Jewish Congress, ''may yet prevail'' in challenging the law if they can prove ''extensive violations.''
The Race Against Time is attempting to help eliminate the poverty and disease that kill 15 million children each year.
Having seen and thoroughly enjoyed the New Jersey Shakespeare Festival's delightful production of ''Two Gentlemen of Verona,'' I was appalled at the half-hearted, ''damning with faint praise'' review by Alvin Klein (Theater: ''Fun and Games in Verona,'' Aug. 14).
There might be a little dropoff, but whatever there is, the rest of the linebackers, I'm sure, will make up for that.''
Jean Racine is generally regarded as a master of French classicism.
The question has been confounded by the traditional definition of long-term gains as those resulting from holdings longer than six months.
All of the feature-length films shown by Virgin are American products, but Michael D. Ivey, who is in charge of entertainment, said the short subjects (tapes of television shows that many airlines run in addition to movies) are not because of the high cost of American shows he wanted.
''The beaches are closed in many cases.
Although the book in a sense leads up to this point, I found this section a little unsatisfying.
In addition, using the computer as a tool, for word processing or data base management, is not practical without more machines; more machines will not be available unless their use can show results.
Can these popular sources of wisdom be wrong?
The trick with any reference work is to try to find things it can't do.
But the new Medicare rules involving physicians' bills and prescription drugs will probably usher in more sweeping modifications in future years, he said.
I tried harder and what happened when I bent over was that lunch rushed to my head, my pants ripped in the crotch; I felt a tiny tear, as of hernia muscles.
But after that, he retired 13 batters in a row until Mitch Webster doubled down the left-field line with one down in the fifth.
With the temperature in the 90's, the streets of Asuncion were silent and empty.
$360,000 6 Lawrence Court 3-bedroom, 1 1/2-bath, 48-year-old colonial; family room, 2 fireplaces, c/a, 2-car garage; taxes $4,200.
When ovals have cooled, use a sharp knife to cut down into the pastry, within a half inch of the edge.
The late Jack O'Connor, with whom I sometimes corresponded, was the most literate and perhaps the wisest writer about firearms of our era during his long career as gun editor for Outdoor Life magazine.
Good Politics To Republicans, the dispute is legitimate, and good politics.
They are subject to approval by the Regents.
The actual heaviness and intellectual turgidness of this work is somewhat distinctive - if less rare than one could wish - but I wouldn't blame that on Yugoslavia.
Those figures compare with current salaries for sanitation workers - due for a raise - that start at $23,104 and rise to $29,819.
LEAD: *3*** COMPANY REPORTS ** *3*TELEFLEX INCORPORATED (AMEX) Qtr to Dec 27 1987 1986 Revenue 75,755,600 61,137,900 Net inc 5,579,100 4,643,100 Share earns .51 .42 Yr rev 271,765,600 218,146,900 Net inc 19,671,100 16,430,100 Share earns 1.79 1.51 View Full Article in Timesmachine 
Like many economists, including Mr. Summers, Mr. Boskin supports the supply-side objective of using the tax system to encourage savings and business investment.
Two tunnels will be for the trains, and the third will be a service tunnel linked to the other two.
A second wave in August ended when the authorities and Lech Walesa, the leader of the outlawed Solidarity trade union federation, agreed to hold broad-based talks next month that may include discussions on restoring the union's legal status.
He insists that their lack of housing is irrelevant to his effort.
Dole and his wife also live in Washington's posh Watergate apartment complex and vacation regularly at a Florida condominium purchased by them with the help of wealthy agribusinessman Dwayne Andreas.''
''He reminds me of Mattingly in a lot of ways,'' said Lou Piniella, the Yankees' manager.
The goal is a solid foundation that will put the child on the track toward a good college.
Rene Poulin, one of six drivers suspended by the New York State Racing and Wagering Board Dec. 2 for what the board termed ''lack of effort'' in a race Nov. 14, testified yesterday that his pacer could have won, instead of finishing third, if the horse, Handy Yankee, had not stretched his left hobble early in the fourth race at Yonkers Raceway.
Risotto With Fresh Herbs Preparation time: 10 minutes Cooking time: 20 minutes 2 tablespoons extra-virgin olive oil 4 tablespoons minced shallots 1 1/2 cups imported arborio rice 4 1/2 cups hot chicken stock (approximately) 1 tablespoon minced fresh basil leaves 2 tablespoons minced Italian parsley leaves 1 tablespoon minced chives 1 tablespoon minced fresh chervil Salt and freshly ground black pepper Freshly grated Parmesan cheese.
You should turn on your radio.''
''While hindsight is always performed with 20/20 vision,'' Mr. Grinker said in his letter, ''such a review may have led us to make even still more vigorous actions to contact the family and determine their present condition.''
It has spent $2.1 million of an initial $5 million appropriation.
Also has what amounts to fadeaway shot, with his body leaning away from puck.''
His total immersion in a client's cause made it possible, he said, for him to abide by his cardinal rule: ''Never ask a witness a question to which you don't already know the answer.''
For the last seven years, the youngsters - about 15 of them - have been working with Mr. Rollins between and after school hours, first at Intermediate School 52, where he taught before leaving the public school system, and now at the nonprofit Art and Knowledge Workshop he set up three years ago at 925 Longwood Avenue in the South Bronx.
In ''Solo le pido a Dios'' (''All I ask of God'') or ''Gracias a la Vida'' (''Thank You to Life''), for a rapt audience that knew every word she summoned the power of popular music as a political and ethical force.
Trains that are numbered 5 and 7 are steam operated; departures and arrivals are timed to the Interlaken and Lucerne trains, so passengers can hop off one and onto the other.
Time was when most educated Slavs believed in the existence of one Slavic nation, then in one Yugoslav nation.
But The Economist, the irreverent British weekly, keeps calling the man who will lead the United States during the next four, or eight, years ''President Bushakis.''
Among the legitimate uses of anabolic steroids are the treatment of a hereditary skin disorder that produces hives and rare types of anemia.
''This is where we should be putting our money instead of building on the East Side,'' he said.
That's what I care about, and that's what Pat Robertson cares about.''
Irving also said it would propose to its shareholders that they withdraw the company's ''poison pill'' defense at the June meeting in order to ''facilitate any transaction favored by shareholders.''
Formation of the organization, called the Initiative Group in Support of Perestroika, followed by several weeks the establishment of a political-action group in Estonia.
The first officers to arrive, Sgt.
Sullivan Stand on Abortion Q. Mr. President-elect, in spite of what Dr. Sullivan said about abortion today, the anti-abortion groups pleaded with you in the last few days not to appoint him.
The Corporate Persona Most corporations deny they have dress codes but will concede that they have a corporate persona.
#3 Other Severe Sentences Judge Knapp said he ''agreed with the Government's objective'' and sentenced Mr. Cooney to 75 years in prison and a $1 million fine.
''It feels great to be back in the swim again,'' Mrs. Scull said, with a smile as wide as her walls.
''Rasputin,'' which had its world premiere at the New York State Theater, is the 38-year-old composer's first opera and no worse than many a less visible failure.
The sides of the box are gallery support, critical support from magazines, museum support and the support of collectors.
The court, which voted 5 to 1 in favor of an indefinite stay, did not specify a reason for the action.
Questions have been raised, too, as to whether in-school job-counseling services supported by business might steer too many students to after-school work, at the expense of their studies.
The regular jockeys began riding again at Aqueduct Wednesday, but the tension is as high as ever because many of the replacement riders are still riding.
His problem dissolved when Jess learned that Duffy's shelter was a house.
A random program is used.
Carriers like People Express, which forced the large airlines to put in low discount fares to compete, have been absorbed or have gone out of business.
With all the alterations, Mr. Bergman has been surprisingly faithful to the spirit if not always the context of the play (as he sees it) - at least until the conclusion, which strikes sparks of an entirely different nature.
Gold ran into resistance at $410 an ounce, and analysts said it might be headed below $400 - the psychological barrier it struggled past last week.
The ads featured cast members from that television show and drew a mature audience to the moderately priced cruises.
He will succeed Harry W. Neinstedt, who is retiring.
He contended that the state had done a poor job of enforcing existing regulations requiring that each family have a room with a private bathroom.
She began training in earnest for this race in January after qualifying by running a fast 10,000 meters.
Sex, nudity, violence, religion and politics may be subject to cutting.
We can tell because it's dahlia time on Long Island - time, at least, for the Mid-Island Society Dahlia Show at Nassau Beach Park.
''This is a course about power,'' Mr. Schembri told his students, ''people who have it and what they do with it all the time.''
The parliament, which will probably be elected this year, will have no power.
Mr. Allen advised Professor Rieger to consign everything to auction.
Minnesota (4-3) had almost twice as much penalty yardage (129) as rushing yardage (67) in its fourth straight unimpressive game since winning at Chicago last month.
The San Francisco Museum of Modern Art has announced that the Swiss architect Mario Botta will design its new building.
A1 Two French girls were freed in Libya and flown home after Col. Muammar el-Qaddafi reportedly intervened on their behalf.
The island has no tennis courts or golf courses.
The Cinderella story of Ed Hopson continues.
''We've lost one of the best defensemen in the league.
What he does not always do is tell us something different from what he says at the start.
Navratilova won the Open four times in the past five years.
b-After an extraordinary loss of $2,709,000 for both the quarter and 9 months.
The Brawleys had not seen Tawana since Nov. 24, when she had left home carrying her school books, Ms. Brawley said in a recent interview.
And so on, unto endless and often simple-minded tirades.
In conversation, it soon became evident that Mr. Stone's wine knowledge is truly phenomenal.
Some, caught with spray can in hand, have asserted that their work represents ''the new wave'' and ought to be accepted and appreciated.
But in the third period, the Nets' advantage grew to 15 points.
''It's clear there has been a shift,'' one executive said.
Lamb is musing over a letter from his wife, Nellie, who is off in San Francisco (''She fed the ducks at Lake Merritt in Oakland and walked under the blue eucalyptus trees dripping with rain water and smelling like sweet gum.
Mostly, though, President Reagan and the other leaders here have been extolling the lively growth of their economies, which they are attributing in part to their efforts to coordinate their domestic economic policies at summit conferences.
''To me it's a fun game.
An example with title to match is James Welty's ''Radon Daughters Court the Thermal Plumed Balstomere,'' a riot of copper tubing welded into a screen measuring 7 feet tall and 6 feet wide.
The health care plan Mr. Dukakis offered to the Legislature last August has been substantially revised and streamlined in the face of criticism, but retains the major principle of universal health insurance.
Bad Hop for Rangers In the first period, the gouged ice in the faceoff circle to the left of Vanbiesbrouck helped produce a goal, which furnished the Flames with a 2-1 lead after the initial 20 minutes.
As a possible treatment, Dr. Shlim and Dr. Bezruchka both mention tinidazole (Tiniba); it is not available in the United States, but can be purchased over the counter in Katmandu.
The proposed deal has a total value of about $889 million, including $350 million in new debt needed to finance the transaction and an exchange offer covering $300 million in existing Foodmaker debt, Mr. Sterrett said.
The last name of Davis has as many nicknames as any that I uncovered.
Literati had their regular tables, at which they read and criticized their own work and everybody else's loudly enough to be heard all over the wood-paneled room.
PHIL BAUM RAPHAEL DANZIGER New York, May 10, 1988 The writers are, respectively, associate executive director of the American Jewish Congress and assistant director of the organization's Commission on International Affairs.
A brutal murder creates a crisis among a big city's politicians and lawyers.
He also said his business dealings had been entirely proper.
The supporters say that Mr. Turner may yet turn his political fortunes around on the strength of his opposition to the free-trade treaty.
She also carries very simple and elegant 18th-century lead urns for up to $1,500.
''I don't think there's a person here who can tell you why these things surfaced or why it took so long.
Countryside Is Not Secure The diplomats also acknowledge that security in parts of the countryside is an intermittent pleasure, and that few people travel roads, especially in the northwest, much past noontime, and almost never at night.
As Blackmun said in a speech this summer, the Court could become ''very conservative well into the 21st century if the election goes one way; if it goes the other way, who knows, maybe it won't be.''
The older Olajide agreed: ''He was no longer listening, because I was telling him everything.
He was a good student and so had no trouble gaining admission to Cambridge.
It warned of mounting economic consequences from the state's failure to deal with the problems.
INTERNATIONAL A3-14 The exile of Khmer Rouge leaders, including Pol Pot, is a necessary part of a settlement of the war in Cambodia, involved nations, including China, Vietnam and the United States, agreed.
After putting the Vice-Presidental debate in Omaha behind him, he decided to become more open on the campaign trail, they said.
But I have come to expect that almost every trip will produce at least one new pilgrim and ''Canterbury Tale'' that will set me down upon the opposite station platform altered.
Two additional bills in the package provide a 50 percent tax credit for the cost of equipment used to make recreation and leisure service facilities accessible to the handicapped.
Austrian Resort Question:I am looking for the name of the Austrian town where ski competitions were held recently.
We are ready for dialogue and talks.''
And sales of American-made cars jumped 34 percent in late January.
Mr. Rubin, a former lawyer who was disbarred last month, is to begin serving his prison term Oct. 31.
The disturbance led to an examination of how race relations could be improved here, a soul-searching that continues today.
Schottenheimer likes to tell his players, ''Give me your undivided attention on Wednesday and Thursday, and I promise you there'll be no surprises on Sunday.''
In two meetings with Republican senators, Mr. Shultz stressed the importance to the President of overcoming a series of Senate floor delays and having the accord ready so formal ratification documents can be exchanged during Mr. Reagan's meeting with Mikhail S. Gorbachev, the Soviet leader.
The exhibition devotes most of its space to Giacometti's so-called mature phase, after 1945, when he returned to the figure and also took up painting again.
Pasta Roma, 315 W. 57th St. Ceiling tiles missing, missing test kit, boxes on floor, mouse droppings, roaches.
An Independent Union Such inventive approaches to labor relations are likely to continue to be made, even within the T.U.C., and the electricians, who will become an independent union, remain free to bargain with employers for the exclusive right to represent workers who want them as their bargaining agents.
And one potential touchdown drive was squandered when a delay-of-game penalty nullified what would have been a first-and-goal at the Auburn 1-yard line.
Among those joining in eulogies for the author was President P. W. Botha, whose regime has banned, silenced and harassed the very South Africans seeking a nonviolent end to apartheid.
Heavy Police Presence Power was restored when workers succeeded in repairing three of the five affected feeder cables, Con Edison officials said.
But Peary claimed to have reached the Pole on April 6.
Mr. Nichols said he had followed Beckett's suggested trims and made a few minor ones of his own.
''There's a story out there,'' his spokesman, Leslie Dach, said about 6 P.M. Eastern time.
Mr. DioGuardi spent $1.2 million in 1986, when his opponent was former Representative Bella S. Abzug of Manhattan.
's salt problem is ''no worse than anyone's,'' Mr. Cox said, but ''we are all looking for alternatives to get rid of road salt.''
Hockey - Olympic competition began today with three games.
Also, these are people who can give gifts to themselves.
Later, those buds burst and clothed her limbs in tender young green.
I want to hover over what my companions want to skip, and it just does not work.
Gold rose in London to a late bid of $428.70 an ounce, from $425 late Monday.
''You don't kill for 10 degrees of change,'' he said.
These persons, whom I do not hesitate to call extremists, even fundamentalists, have attacked me and my novel while stating that they had no need actually to read it.
The new system has provoked open skepticism in some medical quarters and vigorous support in others.
For most of his 76 years, Michael Lobosco was known as a - how to put this discreetly?
Ms. Bardsley: ''They received color and projection from Isadora, but the training came from Elizabeth.''
Sports psychologists report that Olympic teams from other countries have been using the technique for years and are ahead of the Americans.
6 stainless steel bonefish hook is imbedded in a slit cut in the foam, as is a tail (of about the same length as the body) of synthetic hair to which tinsel-like material may be added.
Following this schedule closely will enable you to extend the job over as many working days as the number of hours worked: 56.
It's in Jeremiah, she said.
Those markings in turn were modified throughout rehearsals in a process of discussion initiated by both sides, and sometimes by afternoon and evening telephone calls back and forth.
It was easier to spend the second billion dollars than the first, she said, and the third billion dollars was easier still.
He could make more money in the Italian leagues.
(The movie makers cannot resist juxtaposing charges of Administration complicity in the drug trade with shots of the President and Nancy Reagan expressing their opposition to drugs.)
Scholars are sure to compare the screenwriters' various ways of explaining this event, like this film's ''I didn't .
Mr. Sasso has many admirers within the campaign, even though the sharp political elbows that are among his strengths plunged the campaign into a crisis last September.
Many feel that the next Administration should try to follow through on the promise that the United States made more than 15 years ago, when Washington signed the United Nations Non-Proliferation Treaty and agreed to negotiate a nuclear test ban.
''I gave my points, I felt I should listen to theirs,'' she said.
Based at Tweedsmuir Lodge, an exploration of British Columbia's biggest park.
He has also served on Governor Thompson's Fraud Prevention Commission and on President Reagan's Commission on Organized Crime.
Senate: With 98 percent of precincts reporting, Lieberman 659,938 (50 percent), Weicker 651,365 (50 percent).
Later developments are reported today on page C20.
For Kalven, theory was not so much antithetical to the common law reality of our First Amendment as it was ineluctably in tension with the pull of the particular in individual cases.
Economic Data Awaited Still, economists warn of circumstances that could force the Fed to act sooner and more forcefully.
''Students and the people have striven through demonstrations'' for such a system, the lawyers said, ''braving death and arrests.''
Want to know why Joanie can't jump?
The grocery stores stock the vegetables and spices your mother cooked with when you were a child, no matter how exotic your childhood has been.
If you pay out, say, 35 percent in dividends, you have 65 percent left to grow the business with.
Miss Anderson said the idea for the stunt came in a protest planning session with a former model, Ann Simonton, whose Santa Cruz-based group, MediaWatch, has staged a number of pageant demonstrations.
To beat these guys was a goal ever since that game.
The Winans, a Detroit-based family gospel group, with a few word changes in its songs and a bit of in-between-song homily pruning, could easily be sold as secular pop.
Several multiple killers such as Gerald Stano of Florida and William Bonin of California were convicted of murdering hitchikers they picked up.
She was also coordinator of statewide labor and management relations programs at the university.
McGee's basket broke a 68-68 tie.
Asked about his encounters with racism as he grew up and in his professional life, Mr. Lewis replied that ''after all, I was born in 1942.
Lone Star and several other smaller producers have sought the Commerce Department's permission to buy foreign slab.
But after one such meeting, held last month at the request of the Veteran's Affairs Committees of both houses of Congress, Mr. Maher said: ''The agreement among the people there was that it would be very difficult to coordinate a policy.
Was Washington's deployment of new missiles a key factor in Moscow's agreeing to eliminate its superiority in medium-range missiles?
It's a little early but I know you will.
The signals telling trains to stop or proceed may not have been working properly because of the work being done on them, officials said.
On Dec. 30, reportedly in defiance of General Caridi, a military judge authorized Colonel Rico to move from a prison to house arrest.
He did not try to interpret his writing for her, but he made sure she knew that he was becoming recognized.
Porsche Enterprises of West Germany has offered twin air bags as standard equipment on some of its models since last year.
Most of the large buildings that have risen in Seattle in the last few years are undistinguished; moreover, they have not enough in common to suggest any kind of coherent architectural context from which the architect of a new building can take initial inspiration.
Other proposals outline measures to recognize Hispanic and black culture in church functions and Catholic schooling.
Colonel Mengistu's longing for rapprochement is hardly surprising, now that his country is in a shambles.
''It isn't a comeback,'' he said.
She will keep her name professionally.
Shared Sentiments His sentiments were shared by many workers here, despite the reprieve from Judge Barrington D. Parker of the Federal District Court in Washington.
Why, yes, answers Marcia Cillan, vice president of the student body.
In his speech today, President Botha attacked the African National Congress for recent bombings in South African cities, but offered to negotiate if the organization halted its guerrilla war.
Repeat, cooking the rest of the meat.
Throughout the final round, Daniel sat on her golf bag between shots to rest.
Top-level Japanese universities, Professor Izeki and his students say, are huge and impersonal and offer a narrow scholarly curriculum that does not seem useful in the world outside the university.
''That's one of the things that's so special about Leila Day, the diversity of kids.
One day, she forgot to pick him up from school.
's increased by an average of 4 basis points, to 8.54 percent.
When Mr. Gomez arrived at the scene, the wind was blowing so fiercely that the water was periodically blown over the roof.
They have not displayed evidence to support the contentions, and Miss Brawley and the family have withheld their cooperation from the inquiry.
1 Consumer prices in the region rose nine-tenths of 1 percent in April, the Goverment said.
''But no one knows when that will happen.''
Iris Molotsky, a spokeswoman for the American Association of University Professors, said that the points made at the conference were unwarranted and that clashes between conservative and liberal ideologies were not new.
''We hope to arrive at some overview of the world market situation.''
Not much work gets done.''
The commander of the Communist New People's Army, Romulo Kintanar, and two other leading Communists -Rafael Baylosis, reportedly the party's general secretary, and Benjamin de Vera, a member of the Central Committee - were seized in a raid on a Manila safe- house.
A touch of ornamentation can be helpfully distracting, and everyone needs pockets today, especially in coats.
arms supply kept by Mr. Sowan was enough to ''mount a sustained campaign of terrorism,'' with rapid-fire rifles, hand grenades, and a large amount of plastic explosive.
Try 1 million gallons, the same amount a person using an average of 100 gallons a day would take more than 27 years to consume.
What is going on at Mayfair Mansions is similar to an effort that began three months ago in the Bedford-Stuyvesant section of Brooklyn.
H.K., Glen Cove, N.Y. Because hostas basically are unstable plants and often revert back to their all-green color.
7.When baba is baked, remove it from oven and carefully spoon warm rum syrup over it, allowing it to saturate the cake completely.
In November, Machines Francaises Lourdes went bankrupt and was put into the hands of a judicial administrator.
I think she may have been annoyed that I didn't join her.
Intellectuals, he says, tend to be ''mesmerized by the beauty of ideas.''
And believe me, right now momentous will do just fine.''
If you shift your weight too soon, you're lunging; too late, you're dipping.
An East German Olympic official said the three sports powers should set an example for the rest of the world.
''People used to come home from work and drop by to pick up some groceries before going home,'' Mr. Marmal said.
Hialeah's claim that it badly needs the time to make stable repairs is bogus.
''You had no anger or rage toward Joel?''
Asked about this yesterday, Mr. Gartner said, ''There are no understandings about anything except that the television news business is undergoing great change and one of my missions is to try to help shape and manage that change as president of NBC News.''
The John W. Ryan Companies, based in Greenwich, Conn., formerly built for others.
The Dukakis campaign tried to slow that wave by making Democrats think about November, about who could win a race against Vice President Bush, and, by extension, who would be the better president.
Yet, few of these relationships are given prominence in the ''Hemingway'' mini-series.
Wayne Gretzky set up the play when he grabbed the puck in the slot after Mike O'Connell mishandled it.
Johnny Kerr has been around the N.B.A.
The forces that determine design directions run in currents that are far broader than politics, if as strangely susceptible to emotion, and woe be to the observer who tries to tie them too closely to political cycles.
Rubies, sapphires of several colors, garnet, zircon, black spinel, amethysts and some diamonds are found in Thailand, though most diamonds are imported from Africa by way of Antwerp, Belgium, or Amsterdam.
The plant, which once employed 2,000 workers, was closed two years ago amid labor turmoil and slack demand.
Racquetball and tennis keep my legs in fair shape, but my stamina is down, and cold weather often kicks up an old asthma problem.
Mr. Van Duyne outlined his priorities of plants that should have water.
CAROL SMOLENSKI JOCELYNE CHAIT Sunnyside, Queens
Even before General Abrahamson's comments on the anti-missile shield, the future of the program had become deeply enmeshed in the Presidential campaign.
Rush-hour commutation: Red and Tan Bus Lines to Port Authority Bus Terminal, 50 minutes; $3.25 one way, $60.15 for 10 round-trip tickets.
Much of the space in the small piazza is taken by cafe tables that spill out from three bars.
The boycott activity was concentrated in California, with smaller efforts in New York, Massachusetts and Illinois, the union said.
Sea-Land said that it would operate the ships for Atlantic trade.
earned $26.3 million, or $1.60 a share, on revenues of $163.1 million in the year ended May 31, 1987, according to offering documents released last year.
Hospital officials said none of the injuries was serious.
(116 bis Avenue des Champs-Elysees, Eighth Arrondissement; phone, 45.63.11.61) Moulin Rouge The theater in the heart of Montmartre with a history dating to 1889 still draws crowds with its formula of feathers, acrobats, magicians and song and dance.
LEAD: *3*** COMPANY REPORTS ** *3* Kysor Industrial Corp (NYSE) Qtr to Sept 30 1988 1987 Revenue 65,020,000 64,243,000 Net inc 4,105,000 4,204,000 Share earns .61 .61 9mo rev 186,254,000 170,044,000 Net inc 10,198,000 10,167,000 Share earns 1.53 1.47 View Full Article in Timesmachine 
The Redskins took over on their 27, but moved close to midfield after consecutive completions by Williams.
United States official say that General Avril needs encouragement and assistance if his Government, the fourth Haiti has had this year, is to surive long enough to accomplish its goals.
The remarkable John of Damascus, an eighth-century theologian, wrote that ''Christ is venerated not in the image but with the image.''
In blackjack, all participants play against the dealer and in that sense are competitors, but not opponents.
Faced with the huge wheel that has the figures ''XX'' in the middle or end, we might have guessed that it was called ''The 20th Century.''
The Republican abortion plank says just what the majority of the platform committee intended it to say.
In another development in the case, questions were raised about whether Morgan Stanley failed to act properly when it discovered some of Mr. Lee's trading in takeover stocks.
''The Equity Committee is clearly trying to get an auction going,'' said H. Arvid Johnson, Robins's corporate counsel.
How economic and military forces affected the fortunes of great nations in the past 500 years.
And so, one by one, Italy's major cities are banishing cars from their historic centers for at least part of the day.
Just one officer could be reached for comment.
Since then, no Japanese surgeon has wanted to risk becoming a second Juro Wada.
Earlier yesterday Federated's stock failed to react positively to the merger pact with Macy, indicating that many investors did not believe the takeover war was quite over.
Jose Guzman (6-4) allowed eight hits and struck out eight in pitching his fourth complete game as he overcame three errors by his teammates.
Sherman McCorkle, chairman of the Chamber of Commerce, worries that the state is getting a black eye nationally because of opposition to PNM.
There's a third thread that deserves note: cooperation between Moscow and Washington.
DEFENSE BUSH: Supports development of B-1 bomber, Stealth bomber, MX missile and Midgetman missile.
The Writers Guild of America announced today that it would be providing a revised contract for independent producers who want to go back to work.
It has a vibrancy and bustle to match those of the new projects going up all over the city.
So far no fighter has refused to take the test in Nevada.
The Blue Devils shot 12 for 23 from 3-point range.
The answer is that the ''Songs Without Words'' are both, their ambiguity being a function of their worth.
Long Opposed by Iacocca The announcement by Chrysler, whose chairman, Lee A. Iacocca, has denounced airbags for years, came as a surprise.
Ms. Huggins concurred that ''a tremendous amount of bonding had come about through this artistic experience, even though it wasn't meant to be therapy.''
Given the President's time, his aides ventured, perhaps he should schedule appearances in states where the Republican Senate contender has a realistic prospect of winning.
The commercial rent tax, 6 percent, can be a heavy burden for struggling small businesses operating on a narrow margin.
''In El Sur,'' he said, ''we have always said that there should have been negotiations between civilians and the armed forces first about how to transit to democracy.
The White House is eager to keep the problems at the weapon plants out of the Presidential campaign.
Over the last decade or so, expenditures for promotional programs have grown much faster than expenditures for advertising.
Another Prosecutor Sought Mr. Mason and Mr. Maddox reproached Mr. Abrams for not having called Mr. Pagones or Mr. Patterson to testify before the grand jury.
You know, it didn't dawn on me at first that there was something odd about wearing a trenchcoat on such a hot, humid day.
Reefs lie so close to the island that just off Soldier's Point, to take one of the isolated beaches as an example, my family and I were able to wade out a few yards, place our goggled faces into the water and effortlessly observe the world of queen angels, blue tangs, yellow-and-black-striped sergeant majors and an occasional iridescent parrot fish pecking at the coral.
He started against Cincinnati in Philadephia's second game and responded with 10 receptions for 105 yards and a touchdown.
'' The Money Problems Acting workshops at the studio resumed on Jan. 8.
Tommy, granting that he is not a tiger, adds that he doesn't want to be a pussycat either.
To achieve that goal, he has set in motion the country's most ambitious single fund-raising drive for cancer research, a four-year effort to collect half a billion dollars from private sources, which he hopes the Federal Government will match.
In part, it was because they inhabited a strangely protected realm, half real, half fanciful; they were too useful for us to question whether they were true or not.
Lusterless, too, was the pimento-infused wine sauce covering the chewy clams Galician style.
However each of the five players who ultimately saw duty on defense for the Islanders treated it, all of them played it superbly.
Brokerages sometimes borrow stock to deliver shares that have been sold by their customers.
That Selznick made few films of stature after Hitchcock's departure is beyond dispute.
After Darryl Strawberry's 29th home run tied the score at 1-1, Lyons drove home two runs with a triple to the gap in right-center field.
The killing sent shock waves across the Island and aroused fears that, in some instances, only began to subside four years later when four young men, all of whom had been teen-age neighbors of Johnny Pius at the time of the killing, were tried, convicted and sent to prison.
A courtyard in the center of the Renaissance-style Freer Gallery, fountain included, will be disassembled and the paving stones will be removed.
It was unclear why some of Mr. Jackson's speaking engagements were handled by Personalities and he received payment directly for others.
Cathedral of St. John the Divine, June 14-18, 21-25.
Vandals with paint cans move in on the remains.
What they have found difficult to do is convey any real sense of purpose.
A10 Gorbachev offers his vision of Europe's future A3 Bordeaux journal: With glitz and a grin, Chirac gains A4 Syria, for first time, plans to export oil A9 Soviet is said to reduce support for Cuban economy A13 National A14-24 George Bush defeated Bob Dole in the Illinois Republican Presidential primary, according to a New York Times/CBS News Poll.
The audit, conducted over the last year, also concluded that the commission was so lax in monitoring the taxi industry that as many as 14,000 rule violations went unnoticed each week.
Charges COVERUP: BEHIND THE IRAN-CONTRA AFFAIR, directed by Barbara Trent; written by Eve Goldberg; edited by David Kaspar and Ms. Goldberg; music by Richard Elliot; produced by Ms. Trent, Gary Meyer and Mr. Kaspar; released by the Empowerment Project.
''It's a good way to thank an employee,'' said Odonna Mathews, vice president of consumer affairs at Giant.
''There's no doubt of the age,'' Dr. Benton said.
''I felt a little bite about three times during the game,'' Gooden said.
Mr. Wallach asked the Attorney General to arrange a meeting for him and Mr. Rappaport with the President's national security adviser, Robert C. McFarlane.
Mr. Webb was on the job just 10 months.
Arrest them, and somebody takes their place right away.''
California YOSEMITE NATIONAL PARK Address: Box 577, Yosemite National Park, Calif. 95389; 209-372-0265.
After watching the 25-year-old guard close out a five-game series with Cleveland this afternoon, it would be hard to imagine where the Bulls would be without him.
If the goal is to use the bonus to help pay for his teen-ager's college education, he is better off taking the bonus now and paying the tax.
The impressive company also included Benoit Lachambre, David Maier, Sharon Port and Margery Segal.
The typical camera body is still a pudgy rectangle about the size of a deli ham sandwich with a lens stuck in the middle.
It was often enjoyable, even thrilling, but at times the assignment seemed to be a punishment for offenses against my employer, NBC, that I could not identify, and never more so than when it called for sitting through the works mentioned.
Those players who endure become metaphors for the meaning of excellence.
Sarah Moody, a third-year law student at Georgetown University, and Raymond L. Mariani, an assocate in the New York law firm of Condon & Forsyth, plan to be married May 21, the parents of the future bride, Mr. and Mrs. Thomas Rush Moody Jr. of Chevy Chase, Md., have announced.
A Federal mediator is seeking to bring the two sides together, but a strike remains a possibility some time later this year.
STANLEY H. KAPLAN New York, Oct. 25, 1988
A New Rochelle resident, she spent 12 years practicing as a family and matrimonial lawyer in White Plains.
When it became apparent that the strategy had not succeeded, Mr. Newhouse installed Ms. Wintour.
And in other diplomatic moves today, Angola's President, Jose Eduardo dos Santos, met in Franceville, Gabon, with the President of that West African nation, Omar Bongo, and with Congo's President, Col. Denis Sassou-Nguesso.
Judge Griesa put him on probation, saying it would be unfair to single him out.
FOOTBALL DENVER (AFC) - Placed Andrew Provence, nose tackle, on injured reserve.
''I spent my days like a sinner in purgatory before going to midtown heaven,'' said the young partner - he is in his 30's - who moved uptown from the firm's traditional Wall Street offices.
At week's end, the Reagan Administration decided to expand the naval mission to aid neutral merchant ships under attack.
In Britain, Ward White operates 93 Payless DIY Ltd. stores.
More than two dozen women's groups today began a campaign for legislation requiring all but the smallest companies to grant unpaid leave to parents of newborn or seriously ill children.
And it's taken me all this time to learn that that no longer satisfies me as much as I thought it did.''
The store is open Monday through Friday from 9:30 A.M. to 9 P.M; Saturday from 9:30 A.M. to 5:30 P.M., and Sunday from 10 A.M. to 5 P.M. - S. H. L.
''The networks show the agony of occupation,'' said Morris B. Abram, chairman of the Conference of Presidents of American Jewish Organizations.
(AP) Dickinson Overcomes Heat: Judy Dickinson shot a 4-under-par 67 yesterday to take a one-stroke lead over four golfers after the first round of the $225,000 Greater Washington Open in Bethesda, Md.
But the United States' most dangerous line -Millen, Granato and Allen Bourbeau - provided the 6-3 edge when Millen slid toward the crease to bank Granato's rebound off Mott's skate at 12:42.
''We felt we could put together the best of our men's custom and ready-to-wear and put it right down there where the men work.''
Launched in careers, they have money and want to indulge their taste in everything from dress to photography to the reception.
With the possible exception of ''Steel Magnolias,'' with Edward T. Gianfrancesco's artfully designed replica of a beauty parlor, the emphasis is not on production accoutrements but on the plays themselves - and on the actors.
With hard work and dedication, we will all be rich within 12 months.''
''With cocaine we are going to see a shrinking number of users who are going to be at greater risk from the drug.
Many pet owners are so embarrassed by an invasion of fleas that they are even reluctant to admit to physicians, veterinarians or exterminators that they, their pets and their households are infested with these tiny, wingless, blood-thirsty insects.
against the Commodity Futures Trading Commission, the Chicago Board of Trade and the Chicago Mercantile Exchange.
The outbursts during the speech were highly unusual and appeared to be one more sign that the era of unchallenged presidential supremacy in Mexico is coming to an end.
''Old people have a bad habit of not eating what's good for them, right?
Thompson Watches The inference, obviously, is that they make sweet music.
Moscow residents see in the United States a land richer and more hard-working than their own, but less humane.
''We're witnesses to the P.L.O.
Mr. Albertini's large drawings, done in black, silver and colored enamels on paper, are just as obdurate.
On other occasions, the first-ballot winner was not certain until after some preliminary scuffling at the convention itself.
It begins at 8 P.M., and there are two further performances Feb. 26 and 27.
At Holy Cross Roman Catholic Church in Rumson, N.J., Lisa Anne Klem, a daughter of Mr. and Mrs. John Klem of Rumson, and Kenneth Ralph Wilson, a son of Delbert Wilson of Fort Lauderdale, Fla., and the late Hazel Leonard Wilson, were married yesterday by the Rev.
Evans drove in a run with a triple and Ellis Burks knocked in another with a double.
Mr. Kadar gave up being Prime Minister in 1965.
Gannett bought The News in 1987 as part of the acquisition of The Evening News Association for $717 million, including four other newspapers and five television stations.
One or two high readings in the home may signal none of the health consequences of those in a mine.
But instead of trying to save myself by checking on lead, radon, formaldehyde and fatally lingering insecticides, I was all wrapped up in the house's problems.
Completely unintelligible announcements kept coming from loudspeakers.
Most designer collections include a broadtail suit or pants suit.
Compared to its bigger siblings, the plain old Supersport seems rather ho-hum, but on its own it is an impressive machine, capable of running circles around the original I.B.M.
The restrictions also scared away potential management partners, who could get investment funds from other leveraged-buyout firms that did not operate under the same controls.
(AP) (Special to The New York Times) - Fred Burton had 36 points, 20 in the second half, and Jeff Cadle added 19 as Long Island University held off Hofstra.
''He's not interested in doing any interviews,'' said the spokesman, Sgt.
Mr. Nixon tried to enlist their support as a counterweight to the antiwar movement, creating some bitter splits in the National League of Families, which tried to remain nonpolitical.
Presented by the Pan Asian Repertory Theater, Tisa Chang, artistic-producing director; Bonnie Hyslop, managing director.
But it was slow to react to the rebound and Katner found the side netting.
The level of physical stress is astronomical.''
'A Computer Gap' The Soviet scientists said their country would welcome American help in some areas, especially computers.
It is Moyer who gives Kunta his Christmas gift, advising him to ''live free or die!''
JOHN F. HAYES Sewickley, Pa., Aug. 30, 1988
''An emergency landing involves certain risks to the plane and the passengers and if there is too much fuel to land, it must be disposed of.
It is expected to raise up to $3 million.
Riff held third, four lengths farther behind.
The message: ''Don't bug me!''
It was about never being in that place you said you'd never be in.
They don't want to hear about the strike.''
We know we're not getting the right ozone depletion down there.''
In a decision made public Friday, Federal District Judge Robert Peckham refused to dismiss most of a lawsuit by the five plaintiffs, including S. Brian Willson, whose legs were severed when he did not get off the tracks as the munitions train headed toward him at the nearby Concord Naval Weapons Station.
Asked if he knew where on the course he had created the difference of that 51-hundredths of a second, he said: ''You can't say on the course that you're better than the other guy.
''You have to have a great deal of creativity,'' Mr. Lubovitch said, ''to see that what you want to do takes place.''
Now it appears that despite the new and positive foreign policy signals Pyongyang has been emitting in recent months, its policy still comes down to nastiness, terror and murder.
(Each unit has its own garage, helping to guarantee anonymity.)
Penn thinks of the film as ''a reverse murder mystery, since you know we end up dead at the end.
''I'll talk to him about that.''
On the rare occasions he does lose it, he quickly recovers and continues his relentless drive to dominate the dialogue.
Page 1 American support for a Polish plan for economic recovery is jeopardized by the Polish Government's violent crackdown on labor protests, the State Department's second-ranking official said.
Mr. Mulroney's debate advisers had reportedly urged him not to show the instinct for political street-fighting that has marked his public career.
QUESTION: According to the Baseball Encyclopedia, Urban Shocker won 18 games and lost 6 for the powerful 1927 Yankees, then pitched only two innings the following season and died Sept. 9, 1928.
With 16 Nd2, Ehlvest planned 17 Ne4 followed by 18 Nc5, but Kasparov upset his aplomb and the smooth course of the game with his tricky 16 .
''I can't blame Terry for being mad at us.
And Long Beach is a Democratic enclave in a county dominated by Republicans.
Banque Parisienne de Credit, 106 Rue Monge (5th), 72 Rue Louis-Blanc (10th), 17 Rue du Louvre (1st).
Most children aren't worldly enough to understand such lines as ''Miss Mary loved her 'baby,' however, and worked hard to get him the 'li'l necessaries' of life, which turned out mostly to be women.''
Mr. Yashchenko said his agency had recently completed the first large-scale map of the entire country, on a scale of 1:25,000, about a half mile to the inch, on 240,000 sheets of paper.
LAURIE FASS calls herself an animal behaviorist who helps owners break their pets of troublesome habits.
Mr. Olson is a part-owner of the house, along with the architects, Ms. Bross and Beverly Lieberman of Weston.
And if you rewrite without some wisdom about what's going on, you'll ruin your play.
An obscure Roman Catholic priest, popular on the New Age lecture circuit but about to be silenced by the Vatican, today cast himself in the mold of Galileo, St. Thomas Aquinas and other Catholics who have been disciplined over the centuries by the church hierarchy.
But though it did not rule out future trading in Kroger's shares, Kohlberg, Kravis said it would respect the company's decision to go it alone in a restructuring that involves the payment of a special dividend of $48 a share.
In fact, the planners who decided to locate the new capital in the northern Punjab foresaw this, expecting both northeastern cities to grow in tandem toward each other until they would be separated only by a slender industrial belt.
The Senator called General Noriega, who has been indicted in Florida on Federal charges, ''the drug dealer of the decade.''
They saw the Battle of Blood River as a lesson for South Africa's white minority.
This is because available Federal data are incomplete or not provided in a helpful format.
''When we meet, it's a quilt.
His 36-hole total of 146 left him two strokes shy of a playing date at Brookline next week.
Raymond A. Hay, LTV's chairman and chief executive, said the company had a negative net worth of $2 billion, which could deteriorate after the resolution of many claims filed against it in bankruptcy court.
to victory in the Gotham and the Wood Memorial.
Indeed, both character and composer twist the awkward plausibilities of life to their formal purposes.
No target seemed too big.
We're saying set aside jobs by planning district, and whichever group in that planning district comes out with the highest unemployment, then they should get first choice on jobs.''
I enjoy living here in Windsor.
The Maple Leafs are 0-9-4 since they won Dec. 23.
As a result of this group action and other problems, 90 works were withdrawn.
He told the audience how he knows that ''the Lord speaks to us in many ways.''
The Task Ahead As the focus of the campaign shifts to the North and the West, where the proportion of Democrats who are black is much smaller than it is in the South, Mr. Jackson will be unable to compete successfully unless he can win a good deal more support among whites.
Another section is about a walking tour along the Rhine with a friend called Joachim.
Asked why students generally behaved so well, Natasha Jones, Natasha Lewis and Aixa Moran, fourth-grade students, chorused, ''The party is what makes you clean up!''
As well as the classical soprariccio, literally overcurl, La Tessile can copy any design in any color a client submits, by transferring the motif onto a sheet of squared paper, a dense pattern of little crosses that is pinned to the loom for frequent consultation.
Part of the imperial legacy is a difference in the responses of Asians, including members of the large Pakistani population, and of blacks, often referred to here as Afro-Caribbeans, to racist attacks against them.
Even in July, though, store workers wear red-and-green outfits and sell Santa.
But very early in the story, these parents are traumatically separated from their young.
Mr. Robertson, who runs a cattle ranch here, has been a Notrees resident for 24 years and remembers when the town had a cafe, a beer hall and a school.
Moscow has worked to promote a Cambodian settlement and has made overtures to both China and Japan.
Some legal experts said this case might help clarify a gray area on the difference between murder, euthanasia and assisted suicide.
Quarter, seed and devein peppers.
'I'm Suspicious' ''I'm suspicious,'' Herzog said afterward.
Because the building is undergoing extensive renovation, no books were in the library when the latest fire broke out.
Rosenshontz, a musical duo comprised of Gary Rosen and Bill Shontz, is to present a special concert for children tomorrow at 1 P.M. at the Manhattan Center High School, 116th Street and the Franklin D. Roosevelt Drive.
There had been at least one other shooting incident in the area in the last several days.
To the Editor: The 50th anniversary of the Austrian Anschluss of March 12, 1938, will soon be at hand, and I am bracing myself for the incomplete reports always given in the United States.
Pink Floyd said it the best, ''All in all, you're just another brick in the wall.''
He has called for a more aggressive program for marketing Montana products.
The National Science Foundation today designated 11 universities to serve as Science and Technology Centers, which are intended to link university, government and industry scientists and engineers in large-scale basic research that can quickly be put to practical use.
He arrived here in March, and the couple, who never felt that their divorce had been anything but a formality, decided to remarry in a Jewish ceremony.
Even simple salads were done with loving attention, such as one including shrimp, with celery and white beans, swathed in basil-and-saffron-perfumed olive oil.
Entering the game, Tudor (3-2) had a 1.19 e.r.a.
I have a lot of respect in general for them, and I will certainly make every effort to see that the relationship is good.''
The inability of other states to act, she said, ''demonstrates the strong, conflicting opinions on surrogacy.''
The commission, headed by John D. Feerick, has targeted the 1985 town board elections in Poughkeepsie.
From there they were driven to Lebanon, where they disappeared in the Shiite Moslem stronghold of southern Beirut, Arab and Kuwaiti officials here said.
Democrats had warned him they intended to paint him in hues of wimp.
They don't even trust the faculty to do that.''
The goal is 80 to 100 revolutions per minute, which maximizes efficiency and prevents muscle stiffness.
For this session, the 12 European Community countries are trying to negotiate resolutions with the P.L.O.
Two stories in ''Darkness at Dawn'' will give anyone new to his work a fair idea of his quality.
His choreography has ranged from the Charleston of the 20's to the jitterbug of the 40's, and one critic has called Mr. Siretta ''Goodspeed's moving force - one of the most inventive choreographers in musical theater.''
Sunday night, after playing back the scene of the news conference, at which Karolyi repeated his intentions of staying home during the Olympics, and reading some comments from Phillips and others, Peters changed his mind.
''Values instruction flows through just about everything I do,'' he said.
Under the rules now, an addition less than 50 percent of the size of the original building can be approved without review by neighbors.
Al Shiraa quoted people in southern Lebanon whom it did not identify as saying the kidnappers had made the pledge ''in secret contacts undertaken by more than local and regional parties.''
The pit quickly became a symbol of the center's failure and showed the extent to which the architectural integrity of the station had been violated.
I didn't have a concrete picture in my head; I just knew that, being youngish looking, I wanted to avoid the cutesy Snow White syndrome, since I planned to be surrounded by human admirers rather than bunnies and chipmunks.
Mr. Bush had spent much of the spring answering for the Reagan Administration's policies toward Gen. Manuel Antonio Noriega, the Panamanian military leader, and President Reagan's veto of a bill that would have given employees 60 days' notice of a plant shutdown.
Some incentives are indeed gimmicks, either of marginal value or with a cost that already has been built into the project's pricing formula.
Mr. Graham also pleaded guilty on March 30 in the State Supreme Court in Manhattan to the rape of a partially blind woman, identified as Eileen Ross, 37, on July 14, 1986 in her apartment on the East Side of Manhattan.
Macmillan's management then proposed a restructuring that the Bass Group blocked in court.
My 14-year-old brother figured out how to drive the huge vehicle by reading the instruction book.
''Usually I would outshout, outscream and outintimidate her,'' he says.
Verlaine makes a little grimace.
Interest on other types of loans to purchase raw land is considered investment interest that can be deducted only to the extent that the buyer has investment income, plus $4,000.
In Miami, Mr. Dukakis was asked whether he believed Senator Dan Quayle, Mr. Bush's running mate, should have served in Vietnam instead of joining the National Guard in 1969.
But you have to pick through a big agenda to find many others.
The four students are charged with violating the college code of conduct by harassing Mr. Cole and tape-recording the episode.
Asked if he feels a kinship with Viennese artists like Erich von Stroheim, Fritz Lang, Billy Wilder and Otto Preminger, he replied, ''For my generation, all of these are American film makers.''
Emphasis on Slow Change Mr. Jaw pointed to several signs that the party congress might not move as fast as he wants toward these ends.
''I hope when training camp opens in July I'll be at full strength.
Here, where the Super Bowl shuffle is just a memory and 4 losses in 15 games was considered a crisis, the fans wonder if the Bears will be ready.
''Most of those waiting,'' Mr. Adams said, ''are crack addicts.
She did not bring up the subject of waste storage in her speech at ground-breaking ceremonies for the rehabilitation program that could eventually cost as much as $200 million.
Boggs, who went 3 for 4 with a single, double and triple to raise his major league leading average to .363, led off the Boston first against Bill Long (4-5) with a single to right.
Did a licensed instructor teach them the shuffle that assures room temperature by the time a hot dish reaches the table?
He and his partner, Officer Jack Elias, 33, had been staked out across from a hole-in-the-wall medical clinic suspected of dumping blood vials and surgical needles.
Six hours later the sand was obliterated by a sea of people, armed with suitcase-sized radios, bottles of baby oil and improvised cloth barricades intended to shelter them from the wind and from one another.
The Sox added two in the eighth.
One such step, he said, might be to move up the congressional elections, now planned for late 1989 or early 1990, and then have the newly Senate elect the next president, an idea that had encountered opposition from the other military commanders.
And under the Federal Tax Reform Act of 1986, fewer of those expenses are deductible.
Unpretentious, like its occupants, the simple, copper-roofed structure draws its architectural inspiration from a variety of sources: rickety windswept ghost towns, tacky log-cabin motel courts, early 20th-century Sears, Roebuck & Company ''kit'' houses and the hypnotic peaks of nearby mountains.
''It seemed a natural tie-in with the state's incessant 'Jersey Fresh' promotional campaign, augmented by mounting consumer worry over fish freshness,'' Mr. Buchalski said in an interview.
Imre Pallo conducted, and although the orchestra sounded generally fine, Mr. Pallo had it play too loudly for the singers in the first two acts.
Purchased for $5,400 Perfect Spy, a son of the Knightly Manner stallion Stonewalk and the Wajima mare Tayana, was purchased at a Canadian yearling sale for the equivalent of $5,400.
And as a composer, I have my own tastes and my own feelings.
For individual Blue Cross subcribers, the monthly rate for basic hospital coverage, which provides 21 full days and 180 half-days of coverage, will rise to $52.85, for $47.40.
''Is Daddy as old as Grandma?''
IN New Jersey, they secured about 7,000 residential building permits during the first quarter of this year, a 22 percent decline over the same quarter last year.
The public, he says, craves a little wisdom, a little common sense, some guidence through the perplexities of modern life.
* Ryder System Inc., Miami, the equipment leasing and transportation services company, elected Anthony G. Tegnelia controller.
The next year, some players tailed off and Sandy Koufax retired, and his team finished eighth.
Some have been wise to follow their dream, others not, as the stories of Rabbit Hill's three most recent innkeepers attest.
It is expected to die.
Could the talkman be replacing the Walkman?
Mr. Porco, who has to deal with complaints from suppliers and customers, was less effusive.
Since the shortfall became public last month, the program, the Infrastructure Trust Fund, has been a prime candidate for cuts.
''Obviously we're dissapointed with the outcome of the game,'' said Theresa Grentz, the Rutgers coach.
They don't exist,' '' the psychoanalyst said.
In summer, pull the insides out, stuff it elsewhere and sleep under only the double slipcover.
On Jan. 29, three days late, Panama made the requisite payment.
''The enemy always does this when they are trying to start an offensive,'' Colonel Vilinga said in his thatched headquarters dug into the sand two miles from the nearest Government positions.
The play, about four working-class black men planning to watch a boxing match on TV and their metaphorical sparring with each other when the set breaks down, was brought to the attention of the Playwrights Theater by Olympia Dukakis, who is considering it as a production by her Whole Theatre Company in Montclair.
''Quitting was the most difficult decision of my life,'' Ms. Camp said.
''But he was no rousing success,'' he continued.
The new standards can be attributed in part to the gradual blossoming of the latest movement for change in American politics, exemplified by Common Cause, a nonpartisan group founded in 1970, which calls itself the peoples' lobby.
Before long (the evening, which seems far longer than it is, lasts little more than an hour and a half, intermission included) it is clear that anything, arbitrarily, goes.
Its longest work was a 16-hour marathon production of Turgenev's ''Torrents of Spring.''
In performance, there is the sense that, for Bilozerchev, time slows down a bit to allow him to complete his routines almost casually.
He was the one who warned viewers throughout that these American kids were skating on thin ice, that ultimately, as he explained: ''They can play the peaks.
About the only enjoyment of the pole comes from a gull that perches on its utmost top every chance he gets.
One is that demographically we shall lose our majority and it will stop being a Jewish state.
Smallness is the theme here.
This year's vintage is richer, he said, because the dry, hot weather caused thicker grape skins, which in turn imparted more flavor to the red wines.
The compromise agreed to today covers olive oil, cotton, sugar, wine, milk, fruit and vegetables, sheep and goat meat and tobacco.
At the restaurant, they are cordially welcomed by a waitress in a long skirt and mob cap who invites them to wander through the house, peer into the three guest rooms upstairs (Randall's has a total of 12 rooms for overnight guests, with the additional nine in a reconstructed 1890 barn nearby) and order drinks in a small tap room in the rear.
Surely, I can't expect Lendl to be witty, too, or Tyson to be Cliff Huxtable, M.D.
Cincinnati-based Surgical Appliance Industries, which holds a 9.3 percent stake in Lumex Inc., said today that it is considering a possible leveraged buyout of the company.
But their interest is not as high now that Mr. Bush has clinched the nomination, and the campaign is reaching the Federal spending limit, which makes it harder to fly around just to get on the local evening news.
But once a week, staff members at the consumer group put aside their tasks to enjoy lunch prepared by one of their colleagues.
Mr. Wobensmith's troubles began in December of 1985 when he agreed to assist Lieut.
This past weekend, at the Schimmel Center for the Arts at Pace University, the company gave the American premiere of ''Gombo Gitsune,'' a folk opera adapted by Koichi Maki from a Kabuki tale, and set to music by Hirokazu Sugano.
''What should be happening according to theory is not happening in fact,'' said Albert T. Sommers, senior economist at the Conference Board, a business association.
After I worked with Page for a couple of years, three times a week, I told her it was time for me to find a job.
The catalogue of 334 yearlings is, as usual, dominated by the Northern Dancer sire line, which is more popular with foreign buyers than with Americans.
''They were kind enough to invite us,'' said Etta Froio, editor of Women's Wear Daily.
One major case is already pending by 14,000 residents of southern Ohio.
Mathews has lost both of his starts since returning from the disabled list last week.
Seychelles Question: I have always dreamed of going to the Seychelles.
Canada will get increased access to a market 10 times its size.
LEAD: *3*** COMPANY REPORTS ** *3* First of America Bank Corp (OTC) Qtr to Sept 30 1988 1987 Net inc 22,857,000 21,350,000 Per share 1.60 1.58 9mo net inc 62,108,000 55,113,000 Per share 4.25 4.16 View Full Article in Timesmachine 
But Pakistanis will be voting not for a President, but for a lower house of Parliament, known as the National Assembly, where the party or coalition with the most seats forms the government and names a Prime Minister.
Then paint the edge of the sash and the small sliver of glass between the shield and the sash.
Bergen County - Terrace Avenue bridge over Route 17 in Hasbrouck Heights: Closed for replacement.
But he's not so recognizable that every time he goes out, people see him and say, 'Gee, there's Michael Milken.'
Critics complain that some specialists did not have enough capital to handle the enormous trading surge.
(At a 1977 lecture, he likened the professionalism of Walker Evans to that of Audrey Hepburn on screen: ''She always knows how much neck angle to give you.
But a Paul Johnson bag with shell carvings or a Donna Cifranic with whalebone handle and some scrimshaw on ivory by David Lazarus would be hard to beat.
Gradually, however, as he saw Giselle try to save him, his dancing grew feverish and he looked ever more desolate.
However, behind the scenes, he swung to Mr. Engel by encouraging Democratic district leaders to distribute Primary Day literature teaming up Mr. Engel and their local party and public office candidates except in Mr. Engel's home area, Co-op City, where Mr. Engel and the local Democratics are feuding.
Mr. Doty and other volunteers said that Mr. Margenot's remark about ''amateur business'' had hurt morale.
Mr. Kulka said he is ''cautiously optimistic'' that will take care of the leak.
The result was entirely persuasive as a coherent musical statement, as a panoply of timbres and as a solution to the recurrent dilemma of how best to combine live and electronic music.
It has been drained, and the contractors are trying to determine the source of the problem.
A one-day strike brought commerce, industry and transportation throughout Spain to a standstill today, underscoring widespread dissatisfaction with the economic policies of the Socialist Government.
- Phil Bakes, Eastern's president and chief executive, who said the airline would appeal last week's decision.
I represent the politics of the future - a new Democratic coalition.''
In a disastrous opening set of 16 deals, thanks to a combination of misjudgments and misfortunes, the Americans conceded 63 imps and never regained the lost ground.
Her hair is now loose, which is hardly the word for Mr. Parsons's demeanor.
One result has been that a moratorium on building in Lake George village has just been extended for six months because its sewage treatment plant has reached capacity.
Nail from one side of the shingle to the other to avoid wrinkling.
Put down that chili dog, George, and kick a home run for us.
But Mr. Ost also stressed that Mr. Strauss's stop in Namibia was a private visit.
''We want them to stay out of the cemetery and leave us alone,'' said Diana Menendez, a leader of Rest In Peace.
As a result of the law, and a new one banning certain plastic food containers in the county, Dr. Harris has asked for an extra budget allotment of $78,000 to hire two more health inspectors and a clerk in 1989.
Children on vacation protested, too.
Hunger Strike in Capital ''If a leader were to come forward now with even a vague nationalist and populist program, he would find a tremendous following,'' a foreign ambassador said.
Bh6, but almost immediately, after 41 Qf6, he observed that 41 .
The United States already has about 10,500 troops in Panama.
''This is one of the most important civil rights issues in the country today,'' said Peter L. Zimroth, the chief lawyer for New York City, the lead plaintiff in the suit.
If the higher standard were in effect, she added, the companies would be forced to build more small cars in this country.
Utilities throughout New Jersey cut their voltages by 5 percent on Monday, as the power demand soared in their power pool - the Pennsylvania-Jersey-Maryland Interconnection.
However, the natural world often takes on an indoor quality, like a series of still lifes.
Washington did the same with a four-time Pro Bowl offensive lineman, Russ Grimm, who underwent arthroscopic knee surgery Aug. 5 and a tight end, Joe Caravello, both of whom went on injured reserve.
's administrators instead of with the agency's Board of Contract Appeals, an independent arm of the G.S.A.
In the other Eastern game, Wagner (8-1) will meet Ithaca (9-1) Saturday at Fischer Field on Staten Island.
Mitchell Bogard's atmospheric lighting design makes this a scene that might have been painted by Thomas Eakins.
The strikers are getting on with their lives.
The woman, Terris Ann Paige, was convicted Aug. 23 of four counts of selling cocaine within 1,000 feet of a school and two counts of using minors to distribute the drug.
JOHN E. ULLMANN Hempstead, L.I., May 31, 1988
This driveway is blacktop and applying a sealer can make it very slippery.
First try rubbing the spot with No.
The next week, Ryan started against the Browns, and the teams were tied at 7-7 before he was forced to leave with a groin injury.
The singer ticked off a long list of influences on his breathy velvet style with its rock-and-roll undercurrents.
The portals reveal a pair of feet and a hem above a crescent, symbolizing the Virgin's transfiguration of pagan astrology after Sebastian wars against the Roman gods.
On Wednesday, Mr. Brafman completed his questions.
13 * 14 5 EMPEROR OF THE AIR, by Ethan Canin.
The queen lost to the king, and when West returned the four, South permitted the nine to win.
I was forgetting every detail, could not remember my name.
The credit, which is a dollar-for-dollar offset against taxes owed, is worth 20 to 30 percent (depending on income) of the first $2,400 in expenses for care of one dependent, or $4,800 for the care of two or more dependents.
From there, it was 15 miles more into Punta Arenas.
As with new deposits to an I.R.A., old I.R.A.
But violence swamps free elections, leading a few months later to a military coup and a new dictator.
Nowhere is that revival more evident than in Utah, where the governor proclaimed 1988 the Year of the Dinosaur and named as official state fossil the 30-foot-long, meat-eating Allosaurus.
The oft-stated mission of the museum - to move to a larger building - has scared off grants and monetary donations.
In spoofing classical theater language, the only wit that the playwright can muster is the throwing around of a few smutty puns.
But if he had to wheedle and plead he did.
Oceanside also had some bad luck.
Mr. Pittman, 35 years old at the time of the accident, filed the claim after he was injured in May 1985 while on his way to pick up his newspapers to perform his daily delivery route.
Compliance would be required within two years of the effective date of the final rule.
Start with a serving of crunchy, toasty beignets.
Since inheriting the company from his father nine years ago, he has introduced Self and Vanity Fair and acquired GQ, Gourmet, Traveler, The New Yorker and Details.
The prophet Jonah has more practical problems.
Georgie Hackford, who returned to graduate school when her son was a teen-ager and hopes to receive a degree next May, spoke about the concept of teaching style, and the effect her head teachers had on her as role models.
The group hopes to reach an agreement with Carnegie by January.
The shirts may be purchased for $15 each and are available by sending a check or money order to the Film Society of Lincoln Center.
The center's director, Sandra Redman, said the number of cases her staff handled had declined from 8,600 to 8,300 in the last year.
To many legislators, particularly Democrats, the return to the usual party-line split came as a comfort.
''We're gearing up to do just that kind of land-use plan,'' Ms. Deutsch said.
United States Attorney Henry Hudson said Friday that Mr. LaRouche was being treated like any other citizen accused of a crime.
club in Naples killed at least five people and wounded 15, including several American sailors.
Enlarged prostate is a problem for many men in their 70's and 80's.
It was different in earlier times, when there was no telephone, or if there was one it had to be cranked each time.
Kirsten Ralov, another specialist, will leave the company in August.
The spokeswoman declined to say why police believed the killings were drug-related.
Mr. Wuorinen's music reminded Mr. Bonnefoux of his 10 years with City Ballet.
For instance, William M. Isaac, the chief executive of the Secura Group of Washington, a consultant to financial institutions, contends that the bank board still does not have enough examiners for the large number of problem companies.
Examine the windows to learn whether they feature blindstops.
There were shipyards most eager to try, especially France's Societe Nouvelle des Ateliers et Chantiers du Havre, or A.C.H., which submitted the low bid to build a windcruiser from the plans a Finnish company had designed for Mr. Andren.
''Almost everbody would say'' that demand will one day substantially exceed the non-OPEC supply, Mr. Yergin said.
He was previously married and divorced.
But they did not hold each other scoreless in any of their six post-season games and, in fact, scored a combined total of 52 runs, the most ever scored in a National League series.
Playing anything from rocking two-steps to waltzes dripping with emotion, the group knows how to get a crowd involved.
The Effect on Prices Executives of the West German industry think that the setting of reference prices will lower medication prices by 40 percent in West Germany.
''Eighty percent of of the homeless are families down on their luck,'' Mr. Kean says.
The constitutional issue is the same whether the punishment consists of criminal prosecution or, as in this case, liability for damages in a civil lawsuit brought by the victim.
In keeping with the Senate's stance on the budget, a spokesman for the Senate Finance Committee, Gerald McLaughlin, said today that he doubted the Senate would act on $50 million worth of revenue raising measures that have already been passed by the Assembly.
One display, for example, in Amsterdam's New Church, honors the achievements of the physicist and mathematician Sir Isaac Newton, the chemist and natural philosopher Robert Boyle and the philosopher John Locke.
He added that ''Hamlet'' had been considered for inclusion in the First New York International Festival of the Arts, which ultimately rejected co-production on the ground that it did not fit the festival theme of the performing arts of the 20th century.
NEW ORLEANS (NFC) - Signed Shawn Burks, linebacker, and Herbert Harris, wide receiver.
Ford said it had spent about $15 million to develop the car.
In the years since, Mr. Booth, Ms. Hillis and the sponsors have spread the gospel of the sing-along ''Messiah,'' lending a hand to churches and civic groups in places like Hartford, Conn., and Tulsa, Okla., Madison, Wis., and Monroe, Okla.
But a more pressing problem when the Knicks prepare for the game in a Saturday practice session, is finding a way of preventing Dennis Johnson, who had 16 points and 9 assists, from dominating Jackson, who also had 9 assists, but only four after the first quarter.
The letter said that, under the ''ideal arrangement,'' Mr. Seymour would receive a fee to spend a day on campus and discuss his ''quite strong views on how to achieve a higher standard of ethics in Government.''
They said the 87-year-old monarch lost a small amount of blood today and received another transfusion this morning.
Right then I lost faith.''
Meteorologists Pessimistic Agriculture Department officials said today that the losses could increase significantly if the drought continues to be severe, and meteorologists said there was every indication that hot, dry weather in the northern Great Plains, the West and the Midwest would persist until the end of August.
And that could create a mandate for Japan, a 21st-century mandate no longer resting on the notion of national supremacy but accepting that interdependence is real and that glory can be found in showing how to make it work better.
He likes the way it looks, and he believes that, like the Karan bodysuit, the one-piece jump suit simplifies dressing.
The report also included revised figures showing that the index rose only 2.2 percent in June, compared with the preliminary reading of 3.7 percent announced a month ago.
THE press can also speed up scholarship.
He said he would like the president to become the foreign-policy and military leader of the country.
* GAF Corp., Wayne, N.J., a specialty chemicals concern, said it had set a new record date of Jan. 6 for shareholders entitled to vote at the meeting at which the merger agreement between the company and a management group will be submitted for shareholder approval.
The conference, he said, would aim for a strategy for conventional arms control in Europe based on asymmetric reductions in which the Eastern bloc would give up more than the West because it had more to start with, and for improved procurement and deployment plans.
grew at an annual rate of 3.1 percent, down from 3.4 percent in the first three months of the year.
Even someone on welfare could shop here.
As part of the financing agreements, Shearson is entitled to 10 percent of the after-tax profits and Mesa Holdings L.P., a partnership controlled by T. Boone Pickens, is entitled to 20 percent.
President: With 92 percent of precincts reporting, Bush 834,442 and Dukakis 593,179 Senate: With 93 percent of precincts reporting, Sasser 907,442 and Anderson 469,378.
Together these two selling interests accounted for 39 percent of total share volume during this period.
Nadine B. Hack is ideally qualified to raise money in New York.
According to the official tally, with nearly three-quarters of the vote now counted, Mr. Salinas has won 52.8 percent of the vote.
Powers would remain on the board, but would give up his executive duties and his other directorships of the international company, whose diverse operations include financial services, engineering and construction, property and hotels.
Scheduled to start this fall, this plan by an alliance of New York businessmen calls for putting employment offices in high schools and staffing them with job finders and counselors.
After the government takes its cut, a single winner would have to muddle through with about $1,714,286 a year.
True to her fashion, she wears an assortment of slinky dresses, sings a big secondact torch number, ''The Music Went Out of My Life,'' and gets a chance to deliver such lines as ''Honey, I invented alone.''
The ball hit the inside of the crossbar on its way over, and the Patriots' edge was cut to 7-6.
Suspect Lives on Block Mr. De Jesus typifies the problem on the block, Mrs. Cohen said, because he is living with his girlfriend in an old single-room-occupancy building there named the Senate.
He left open the possibility that similar marketing strategies could be used in other areas.
''It's important,'' Robert Post, curator of the exhibit, said in June.
On Broadway last season, the playwright's voice was overwhelmed by a pair of outsized performances: Robert Prosky as a cherubic, completely winning Russian and Sam Waterston as a very tense American.
''You need to have one of those quarter-sized bulk tanks for that operation,'' he added, ''because it requires turning the bulk tank upside down.
Michael S. Dukakis of Massachusetts, to a ''strong'' Senatorial candidate.
How far can the trend be pushed?
Among the changes brought by their contact with the outside world is a new word in the language they speak, a word they use frequently as they discuss their difficulties: ''fake.''
The Cardinal, who will turn 55 on Christmas Day, fills one of the most influential church positions in Europe.
He also surrendered three home runs.
Senator Dodd is a leader among members of Congress who oppose renewed contra aid.
Everyone listened intently, staring into the fire, punctuating each phrase with a rhythmic ''Ehmmmm.''
Most angling for black bass is done from boats driven by outboard motors.
The women said they found that by using natural ingredients - real peanut butter, cocoa, apple puree, for example - most of the flavors stayed locked in.
Designer furniture appears to be the wave of the future at High Point.
The duty-free shop at the Tokyo airport used to have the best price and selection, one man said, but the strong Japanese yen has made shopping there all but prohibitive.
Why do members spend an average of $125 each time they shop?
For example, if a Florida location isn't producing under one name, we can recycle it to a Bloomingdale's or a Rich's and possibly do better.
In addition, companies are now able to enter data about the basic actions of a drug on the body.
Years later, while jailed in Michigan for the killing of his common-law wife, Erma Jean Lofton, George Stinson - a former husband of Lenora Collins - told a cellmate that Ms. Collins ''had been killed the same way Erma Lofton was.''
The two babies at Loma Linda will help ''accustom the public to the idea that anencephalics might be used as donors,'' Dr. Caplan said.
His specialty is 17th-century Dutch painting.
Teachers also argue that the multiple-choice format is gallingly simplistic because it implies that complex classroom management problems have predetermined answers.
The bill would compute benefits under a new transitional formula.
Tickets $300 or $125 for the show alone, from 212-935-1840.
The company said one factor in the loss was substantially higher interest costs.
3, LaVonna Martin, Trotwood, Ohio, 12.93.
For example, the tilt of Mars is believed to have varied from the current 25 degrees to as low as 15 and as high 35.
The year-ago periods are after loan loss provisions of $17,474,000 for the quarter and $63,277,000 for the year.
For the latest 6 months, revenues and net income from the sale of investment land were $3,284,000 and $580,000, respectively, compared with revenues and net income of $402,000 and $15,000, respectively, for the same year-ago periods.
A second joint expedition to the site is planned for next year.
A dozen years ago, the saving of the H. H. Richardson Railroad Station in New London was very important, as well as the saving of the Lord Tavern on the Norwich green.
The proposal stirred an intense debate between those who saw it as a retreat from the church's 1976 decision to ordain women priests and bishops and those who saw it as a temporary means to prevent further division among Episcopalians.
The campaign for district attorney in the Bronx, already marked by bitter infighting and the withdrawal of the incumbent under pressure, took another surprising turn yesterday with the unexpected withdrawal of one of the leading candidates.
Ms. Gabbett had just about given up the idea of viewing the recent space-shuttle launching; the noise outside would be too loud, and she felt some apprehension about watching the launching alone, which she had done at the time of the Challenger disaster.
which broke into the open last Tuesday when General Namphy tried to shift Colonel Paul from his troop command to a desk job at army headquarters.
The operative principle here is to think of Champagne not as one wine but as a category of wines - with bubbles.
Cocoa futures prices surged on fresh rumors that the Ivory Coast and France had reached an agreement to withhold large amounts of Ivoirian cocoa from the world market.
The company has asked the Michigan Public Service Commission for a $298 million rate increase, most of it related to the costs of the plant.
Other Labor supporters were even more dejected.
'Big, Big News' Some of those dismissed at Morgan Grenfell reportedly earned up to $:200,000 a year, or about $370,000, on top of perquisites that included luxury sports cars.
Katherine M. Stults, an analyst with Dean Witter Reynolds, values the stub at $7 to $8 a share.
$155,000 105 Manor Parkway 3-bedroom, 1-bath, 25-year-old ranch; basement, 1-car garage; taxes $3,000.
Indians in an American Hockey League game.
Ms. Myerson, Mr. Capasso and Mrs. Gabel watched yesterday's proceedings from the same seats at the defense table they have occupied throughout the trial.
Berry's absence should mean more playing time for Chris Morris, the Nets' rookie small forward from Auburn on the front line which now has as starters Buck Williams, Roy Hinson and Joe Barry Carroll.
He added that the new missiles under development ''are not yet ready.''
Dr. Tabakoff received patent 4,770,996.
From the time Mr. North left the National Security Council until the conclusion of the Congressional hearings he had a security team from the Naval Investigative Service protecting him.
In Philadelphia he drew a prison sentence on a charge of misconduct with a neighbor's daughter; then, after falling in love with one of the other organizers of the Lawrence strike, Elizabeth Gurley Flynn, he left his wife and began a long, much publicized romance that ended only when Flynn learned that her younger sister was pregnant with his child.
Mr. Caldwell read a statement on behalf of other moderates that accused the conservatives of trying to ''shift radically the theological foundation of the school toward fundamentalism.''
''I'm never in favor of losing business, and that's what's going to happen,'' said Bill Williams, director of purchasing for Richter Brothers, a nationwide food importer and distributor based in Carlstadt, N.J.
Guests fumbled with flashlights about the bunkrooms and bathrooms (designated by sex, unlike the bunkrooms).
The Associated Press reported that a cylinder of gas similar to those removed from the New Jersey plant was discovered yesterday morning at the Gould A.M.I.
He wanted to do well here, to show people he could still play near his peak in the early 1980's, and also conduct himself in a less belligerent manner.
Mr. Dukakis acknowledged that there had been differences over some issues at the meeting.
In other words, district leaders casting votes in districts that provided only ''soft'' support for Mr. O'Rourke would have less strength than those from districts where Republicans provided vigorous support for the Republican candidate.
This work of historians and theologians is having a major effect on Jewish self-understanding in our times.
One's real grievance against ''Broadcast News'' is that it represents a missed opportunity.
Instead, the ruling returned the issue to the Quebec government, which has the power under the Quebec and Canadian rights charters to pass measures overriding the courts on rights issues.
Nevertheless, students were sent home early for spring holidays.
The report said 21 of 46 pits in 1986 violated state rules.
The four suspects, all charged with first- and second-degree manslaughter, were identified as Isidoro Cuadrado, 14 years old, of 205 East 112th Street; Jesus Negron, 23, of 228 East 115th Street; Charles Mimms, 20, and David Andino, 22, both of 2055 Third Avenue.
Key lime pie is $3.75, $4 or $5 a slice, depending on the time of day and restaurant.
By far the most interesting character is the boy Danny (Zachariah Overton), the compulsively candid young son of Al and Marcia Greenstein (Jeff Brooks and Leah Doyle), a young couple each struggling for financial and emotional independence from a tyrannical parent.
AS an artist, Philip Guston was blessed with two successful careers, two equally defined identities.
In March, it sold Individual Insurance to the Intercontinental Life Company for $140 million.
That requires a tremendous amount of capital.
In one of the quieter buildings, Daimler limousines are built, ''for Lord Mayors, funeral directors and the royal family,'' according to one employee.
Muriel Siebert, the financier who sought the Republican nomination for the Senate in 1982, said she would not run if her ''pro-choice'' position on abortion became an issue in the Republican, Conservative and Right to Life Parties, as it was then.
''He's throwing the ball well.
To The Living Section: It is upsetting that homemakers' work is so undervalued in this society, not only by men, but also by women who are unable or unwilling to stay at home themselves.
He himself will go only this far: barbecue is a meat that can be cooked over a flame with a sauce.
will develop a new retail trade program aimed at buyers and ''other key decision makers.''
There are, however, so many gags that the writers inevitably hit their target from time to time.
Mr. Giordano said $21.5 million was available last year for education in the city's schools on preventing drug abuse.
Whether or not the children will inherit Dr. Lorieo's passion, which he traces to growing up near the New York Central tracks in Harlem, remains to be seen.
With the Mavericks' sharp execution on offense, Dallas has forced the Lakers' defense to actually play defense, rather than gamble for tap-aways and steals that ignite their fast break.
Mr. Hoenig of the Nuclear Control Institute said the Energy Department had applied for patents on some of the technology involved in that conversion, technology that would be applicable to other civilian plants.
Women's Pro - Lynn Adams, San Diego, Calif.
The 8 P.M. showing was packed, with Harold Nicholas, now 63 years old and the younger half of the famed tap-dance team, on hand for a standing ovation.
''The Accidental Tourist'' observes the long, slow reawakening that occurs in Macon after he has hit rock bottom.
Near Conquest of K-2 Perhaps his greatest feat was his near conquest in the 1930's of the world's second-highest mountain after Mount Everest, the K-2, or Mount Godwin Austen, between Kashmir and Pakistan.
In addition, the Moorgate Group, specialists in magazine promotion, has created a print campaign that will initially run exclusively in Advertising Age and play up Diversion's popularity among physicians.
But this has not protected the administration from becoming embroiled in controversy when others decide to keep some information from the public.
''He's on the school wrestling team and earlier this year had to wrestle a guy with no legs and one arm.
Eric Perry was Kentucky Fried Chicken player of the game.
DIANA DuBOIS New York, July 14, 1988
Just down the Mall, visitors often find themselves touching other walls.
And then he performed his piece de resistance, emptying raw eggs, flour, and other appropriate ingredients into a hat and, in seconds, turning out a plum pudding, cooked and steaming hot, before the astonished eyes of children and grown-ups.''
In ''Two Models With Garden Figure,'' a Greek statue that one of the models wraps her arms around is clearly an ally, a sister.
The proseuctor said the Minchellas were a working couple, but would not give details.
Add the savory leaves and correct seasonings.
The Administration would also offer ''predictability'' measures, such as an exchange of test schedules of ''Star Wars'' experiments.
''I'm not thrilled,'' replied Bob Nemes, a 35-year-old salesman, who stood at the end of the bar.
The address is 139 East 61st Street; 212-758-2260.
NBC's interest in Marvel Comics was awakened last May when New World's ''Incredible Hulk Returns'' was a surprise winner over the heavily promoted mini-series ''Baby M.'' The two-hour ''Hulk'' movie, which starred Bill Bixby and Lou Ferrigno as the two sides of the green monster, was the fourth-rated program of the week.
Lucia has come to America as a proxy bride because ''if you want something, you reach out, it's yours.''
(In a man's suit, Divine manages to look only half-dressed.)
At current prices it would cost somewhat more than $3 billion to sequence all the 3 billion subunits of DNA.
As Justice Kees van Dijkhorst began reading his 1,521-page judgment, or decision, on the Delmas treason case today, he explained it would take ''some days'' to reach his verdict in the concluding pages.
I will bear no more of this.
Strategy for Survival The company's strategy for survival, most analysts say, has been sharpened by the Finnish Government.
''We no longer have thousands of manufacturing jobs at Fairchild, but Long Island is the kind of place where we should encourage high-technology manufacturing.''
The Pistons, who had their three-game winning streak snapped, had eight scorers in double figures, led by Isiah Thomas with 21 points and James Edwards with 16.
Fear of Turmoil in Pakistan The front also expressed fear that ''certain extremist opinions may create unrest and threaten the law-and-order situation.''
That person was a judge, and wasn't used to being interrupted by someone 20 years younger.''
GLEE CLUB CONCERT The University of Michigan Men's Glee Club will present a concert at 7 o'clock this evening at Notre Dame Church, 357 Central Avenue, North Caldwell.
Mr. Navarro added, ''From the church's point of view, saving a life is not the foremost value on a moral issue.''
As things fell apart late today, Mr. Dole told senators that the Administration was divided over whether to back the Byrd plan.
BENJAMIN DISRAELI, the great Conservative British Prime Minister, called 19th-century Britain ''two nations'' - the rich and the poor.
Last month, moreover, Government forces claimed to have killed 20 separatists, and during a tour of the region in recent days, Interior Minister Mustafa Kalemli said Government security forces had the situation under control.
To be a finance clerk.
After beating Ronnie Reis of the United States, 6-1, 6-0, in 40 minutes, Graf became annoyed when told that Martina Navratilova still considered herself to be the world's best.
Effects on Other Benefits Alexander B. Trowbridge, president of the National Association of Manufacturers, praised the Senate action and said a parental leave requirement would mean that employers would have to reduce other benefits to pay for it, thereby depriving both the employers and their workers of the chance to choose employee benefits.
In 1980, the Justice Department -later joined by the Yonkers branch of the National Association for the Advancement of Colored People - filed a lawsuit charging Yonkers with intentionally discriminating against its black and Hispanic residents.
Having enjoyed a homemade brownie, Mr. Kuralt says he began to wish ''that we could stay in Arcola and enter into the talk about the pheasant hunting.''
It's unusual to see cause and effect as closely aligned as they are in Mr. Ryman's art - to see art's aura and irresistible beauty so firmly grounded in simple fact.
A Superior Court judge refused Friday to dismiss weapon charges against the syndicated columnist Carl T. Rowan, ruling that Mr. Rowan was not authorized to own a pistol he used to wound a teen-ager who was trespassing in his backyard.
The results were astounding because they showed for the first time that genes could be transplanted between species that had been separated by many millions of years of evolution.
Less-toxic, general-use pesticides are available for unrestricted purchase by the general public.
If other countries do indeed stop aiding the contras, as the accord requires, and a ceasefire takes hold in Nicaragua, Ortega will have to show the world how reliable and how willing to compromise he really is.
At one point, Roosevelt supporters in the galleries blew horns and rubbed sheets of sandpaper together to suggest the noise of a steamroller.
The plan would allow parents to shop around for a school closer to home, reducing the long bus rides many students now endure each day.
''I support enforcement; I believe in enforcement and not violating the N.C.A.A.
''You get a run like this and everybody is happy,'' said Jonna Van Dyk, a spokeswoman for the state Department of Fisheries.
In 1968, he began his tenure as executive director of the Democratic Study Group.
A lot of luck and perhaps a little sleight of hand explain high growth in 1986.
THREE weeks ago, two of Wall Street's biggest celebrities, Bruce Wasserstein and Joseph R. Perella, resigned from the First Boston Corporation and said they would set up their own firm.
Envoy Sees a 'Cancer' Mr. Sosa, predicting that the Panamanian military would soon mount another coup attempt, characterized the Noriega rule as a ''cancer that has to be attacked'' and ''terminated.''
Professor Watt's first evidence for cooling is that slightly more than half the cities whose temperatures you reported on a particular day, July 18, were cooler than normal.
Under Mr. Gorbachev, about 300 prisoners have been released.
I get my motivation from inside, not from whether people said I played well or poorly.''
Ewing was listed as probable for the meeting with Michael Jordan and Company.
The plan, which the three countries agreed to in Geneva on Tuesday at the latest round of talks brokered by the United States, links independence for the South African-administered territory of Namibia to the pullout of roughly 50,000 Cuban troops from neighboring Angola.
''The forecast is for additional precipitation.
My mother still works in a hospital.''
A break came when a man under arrest provided a name during routine questioning.
They were first aligned with Palestinian terrorist groups but in recent years have maintained ties to radical Lebanese Shiite organizations, the Italian terrorism investigators said.
Only Mikhail Baryshnikov offered a suggestion of both 19th-century style and late 20th-century vigor.
Narcotics abuse is a national affliction but blacks, and their hopes, suffer most.
His office is adorned with color posters of pigs.
The cantina strip on Necochea between Brandsen and Olavarria says it is the home of the tango, an assertion also made by the better-known San Telmo neighborhood, northeast of La Boca.
''The Ninth Wave'' presents a stylized version of every surfer's dream.
Mr. Karp, a political theorist who is a contributing editor at Harper's magazine, sees the mid-1970's as a triumphant time for democratic government: the seniority system was breaking down in Congress, the C.I.A.
She heard the words, ''an apparent Lowey victory.''
There is no doubt that in terms of the major museum exhibition -the show thought up, thought through, lodged deep in current scholarship and installed in a way that is a credit to the museum profession - 1988 will go down in history as an annus mirabilis.
''We just had a good conversation,'' the All-Pro linebacker remembered.
The song, with its explicit warning against casual sex, is the most direct AIDS warning yet to be recorded by a mainstream pop-funk artist.
Meanwhile the New York State Inspector General has found an appearance of impropriety.
Meanwhile, a letter signed by Mr. Joseph and Robert E. Linton, Drexel's chairman, was crafted and sent to the firm's employees, as well as 5,000 of its customers.
The most harshly treated inmates in Cuba's prisons had been political prisoners known as ''plantados,'' or the rooted ones, who had been jailed soon after Mr. Castro took power and persistently refused to obey prison regulations.
In fact, these obsessed computer workers can be some of the most valuable employees at a company.
True critical learning requires cross-cultural comparison; non-cross-cultural learning aided by a skilled teacher is not true critical learning.
But even if the campaign falls short, it has another clear purpose, his spokesmen said.
The paper she sells is made of natural fibers, including abaca fibers from the inner bark of the banana plant, and is acid free.
In two landmark 1984 libel trials - Gen. William C. Westmoreland's suit against CBS over a documentary about the Army's reporting of enemy troop strength in Vietnam and Gen. Ariel Sharon's against Time over the magazine's portrayal of his role in the 1982 massacre of Palestinians at the Sabra and Shatila refugee camps in Lebanon - Richard M. Clurman saw an opportunity for a veteran newsman's analysis of the clash between the public and the press.
''I stood with the people because it was the right thing to do,'' Mr. Jackson told more than 2,000 students at the University of Wisconsin campus here today.
It is a step forward - there can be no doubt about that.
WHAT ABOUT THE reordering of his priorities, he was asked this spring as he lay on his bed in a shabby Italian hotel room during stages of the Tirreno-Adriactico race.
For first-class and deluxe hotels, the cost is $48, and lunch is not included.
Badly shaken, Mr. Bush abandoned many of the trappings of the Vice Presidency and he campaigned here as if he were running for the state Legislature, dropping in at truck stops and fast food joints.
One by one, they hook onto the escape pole and slide down, the device guiding them away from the craft, keeping the 200-mile-per-hour headwinds from bashing them into a wing or engine pod as they fall from the doomed ship.
If we are unfortunate enough to suffer disease of one of these organs, we go to the relevant medical technician who will, we hope, be able to put matters right.
Later, a pair of bookends, each in the shape of the letter R (for reading), was presented to the library's president, Vartan Gregorian, and his wife, Clare, a board member of the literacy group.
''It's hard to find help,'' said Mr. Terrill, whose farm is five miles outside of Perry, a town of 7,000 people.
What a wardrobe he had on.
''I got a single off Bob Gibson on a three-two pitch.''
They said the three I.R.A.
Virtually any crop can be insured; a wide choice of deductibles is available.
Many of the street lamps have been shot out, and when the sun goes down the darkened streets crawl with armed children.
The storm at the academy reflects broader unrest at Poland's institutes of higher education, which increasingly feel the pinch of Government control, but, more acutely, lack of money because of the country's economic crisis.
Gregory Boyd, the artistic director of Stagewest, a theater company in Springfield, Mass., has been named artistic director of the Alley Theater in Houston, the Alley Theater announced this month.
Mikhail Tal of the Soviet Union, a former world champion, was a bit more cautious.
Her mother, Helen Berkowitz, who is retired, was the mathematics coordinator for District 1 of the New York City Board of Education.
LEAD: *3*** COMPANY REPORTS ** *3* National City Corp (OTC) Qtr to Sept 30 1988 1987 Net inc 59,128,000 50,523,000 Per share .97 .83 9mo net inc 166,668,000 111,333,000 Per share 2.74 1.82 View Full Article in Timesmachine 
Later, he and others locked arms and led about 500 people around the block, chanting ''Say no to crack!''
Last October, Mr. Zhivkov was invited to Moscow and, according to Communist officials, advised by Mr. Gorbachev to proceed in gradual stages and remove any doubts about the dominance of the party.
It was the eighth increase in the benchmark rate since early June, when the rate stood at a 10-year low of 7 1/2 percent, and it brought the base lending rate to its highest level since January 1986.
The real losers in that election were not Justice Orgera and the candidates whom the Democrat meant to nominate; they were the voters who, on Election Day, were confronted by Republican candidates who they could take or leave and no Democrats to oppose them.
I feel strongly that we should not abandon the treasures of the past.''
A minority report, also being mailed, warns that consecrating women as bishops will imperil the unity not only of the American church but also of the Anglican Communion, the international family of 28 autonomous churches with roots in the Church of England.
As strictly interpreted by the Court of Appeals, disqualification may result from a simple arithmetic error or from listing the wrong Assembly district for a signer.
He was a native of Memphis.
If Gorbachev gets a bump on the head, everything will fall apart again here.''
Senator Pell dodged them until the van Kloberg escorts steered the group into Senate Dining Room, where the trapped Mr. Pell finally agreed to shake hands.
A recent biography of Davis is ''Jefferson Davis'' by Clement Eaton (Free Press, $12.95).
A lawyer at the office of legal services, Lawrence Becker, will temporarily head the unit, Dr. Green said.
Spread the bottom halves with some of the whipped cream, top with strawberries, spread the undersides of the top halves with the rest of the cream, then cover the strawberries with the tops of the cakes.
To the Editor: Actions by the Israeli Government against the Arab people give rise to yet another look at the credibility of our foreign policy.
But it was Giamatti's unusually long suspension of Pete Rose that made some fans and players and sportswriters wonder if league officials in general, and Giamatti in particular, have been interfering too much with the game.
The effect is frivolous and seductive.
There is opulence and poverty.
Since Levy spends his days totally immersed in color, his quest for neutrality was an understandable relief.
''In Super Tuesday, there's no way on God's green earth that you can compete successfully for a vote without money, probably a lot of it.''
But most small presses produce3 very few books a year and have difficulty in reaching the public.
When the male roster was sadly depleted at the top, necessity became the mother of invitation.
Mr. Ward's attorneys said the planned to appeal the conviction.
But once the ball is in the air, let's not waste time trying to make everyone happy.
She must be her experience, her suffering,'' Ms. Graham says.
He then set about the task of hiding everything extraneous.
Comment From Annenberg ''I am very happy that my publications are passing to Mr. Murdoch's company,'' Mr. Annenberg said yesterday.
THE CONFLICTS ROILING WITHIN BREAK OF NOON (PARTAGE DE MIDI), by Paul Claudel; translated by Wallace Fowlie; directed by Eve Adamson; set and lighting designed by Giles Hogya; costumes designed by Jonathan Bixby.
Pretzels and sauerkraut will be available, too, as Hans and His Bavarian Band oom-pah their way through the day and the dance team of Henry and Hilda performs.
LAWYERS for the city were moving in two directions as Yonkers responded uncertainly last week to a Federal judge's longstanding order to build low-income housing in predominantly white neighborhoods as a remedy for four decades of racial discrimination against nonwhites, who account for about 18 percent of the population.
Added Moises Alou and Jeff Cook, outfielders; Jeff King, infielder, and Mike Walker, Willie Smith, Brett Gideon and Stan Belinda, pitchers, to their 40-player roster.
The Sock Hop also offers thigh-high stockings with ruffles.
Just two grams of boric acid can kill an infant, and 45 grams is lethal to an adult.
He said they could face further action from U.S.
''Come,'' I say to him.
The Cuomo administration, for its part, wants registration every two years when there is no tenancy change, but reregistration each time there is an ''event'' - a tenancy change, for example, or a change in rent because of a private deal between landlord and tenant.
''In Judaism,'' he added, ''there is only one way, the Halacha,'' or sacred Jewish law based on the Talmud, ''which says sanctity of life before all else, before the territories.
We're talking about where we want our people to live, and we're talking about forces transforming all of society.''
* PPG Industries, Pittsburgh, a maker of glass, paint and chemicals, named Ashok S. Kothari to succeed Robert C. Perry as president of its subsidiary PPG Europe/PPG Industries International.
When that partnership dissolved in 1974, after both men turned 70, Mr. Swan joined the Julian Bach agency.
He urged six months of mandatory counseling for the two couples to help them devise ground rules on raising the child.
Then Wade Boggs and Benzinger doubled for one run off Craig McMurtry, and Jim Rice followed with a 405-foot homer to left that gave Boston its first lead of the game, 8-7.
Because the Federal imposition of a bond registration requirement on states does not violate the 10th Amendment and because a nondiscriminatory Federal tax on the interest earned on state bonds does not violate the intergovernmental tax immunity doctrine, we uphold the constitutionality of Section 310, overrule the exceptions to the Special Master's report and approve his recommendation to enter judgment for the defendant.
officials in hopes of finding a way to keep the Open where it is.
The playing was deft yet forceful and let us know from the start that this would be a program backed by technical sureness and confidence.
The busts of Diego in particular have a specificity of personality that nearly everything else lacks.
This would force the contractors to perform detailed internal investigations (which many companies have said already are under way) and make them culpable for any attempt to cover up improper activities.
''All I hear occasionally is, why don't we do something about three-card monte?
I didn't want to do it again.''
It took a race-horse basketball team by the reins and kept tugging until the last gasp.
The reason is politics at its most basic, politicians say, because there is almost nothing so unpopular as a pay increase, particularly a raise that includes Congress.
No registration fee but $50 nonrefundable charge for reservations confirmed 60 days or less before rental period begins.
And they said they found that high school drug courses and counselors were far too few.
Some Transmissions Garbled Some transmissions from the air traffic controllers to Mr. Cuomo's plane were garbled.
Politicians and other leaders here worry that tensions are reaching a brittle point, and that passions may dictate the outcome of elections for provincial offices on Nov. 20.
Baldwin, a second-round draft choice of the Cleveland Browns out of Texas A&M in 1982, played this season with the San Diego Chargers, who released him three weeks ago.
Mr. Tauman's holiday calls ''have changed my life,'' said Mrs. Proctor who, because of a stroke, is not able to go to a synagogue.
Now legislatures in both lands are debating a free-trade treaty to eliminate remaining tariffs in 10 years.
In his first two times at bat, Skinner appeared badly fooled, striking out in the second and fourth.
London has dozens of such restaurants, but it would be hard to think of a more inevitable venue for Christmas pudding than Simpson's-in-the-Strand.
''We are very very proud of you,'' said James A. Baker 3d, the campaign chairman.
Two new television commercials, scheduled to be broadcast soon, are designed to give a much sharper edge to the Democratic message.
To call the event mythical is to cheapen it.
Smoking outside these buildings would be permitted.
'' Edinburgh offered the unexpected at every turn of an alley.
Post of Short Hills, N.J.; a son, Dr. Don Burman of Miami Shores, Fla.; a sister, Dorothy Strong of Manhattan; three brothers, Dr. Louis Burman of North Miami Beach, Fla., Samuel Burman of Los Angeles and Dr. Daniel Burman of Jerusalem, and five grandchildren.
They have not weakened my conviction that there is no god.''
Two officers are specifically assigned there on weekends.
''This bill is a serious disappointment,'' Mr. Hardwick said, adding that he expected the proposed increase to heighten the sense of outrage that many lawmakers fear will make the insurance problem the dominant issue next year.
The 1988 edition of a guide to the United States, Canada and Mexico.
The state had seven Democrats, six Republicans and one vacancy because of the death of James J. Howard, a Democrat.
They have also questioned why Mr. Meese would support legislation that would permit the manufacture of any weapon that would be difficult to detect.
An embassy spokeswoman equivocated later, saying he had ''indicated his desire to have greater civilian participation'' in the Government.
A $250 Million Penalty A source close to Mr. Maxwell said he would not go ahead with his offer under the circumstances because it carries what that source described as a $250 million penalty.
In an interview, Dr. Charles M. Chambers, executive director of the institute, said that, after agency officials had reviewed all the charges and countercharges, they renewed the institute's contract and expanded its responsibilities, thereby indicating confidence in its future performance.
But the uranium processing plant down the road, and what the Federal Government has told them about its safety, has them sounding like something else entirely.
''It's our own little world out there,'' Mr. Johnson said.
The ad budget for this year is estimated at $4 million.
Neither Brown nor Kirk, who is on trial in Memphis for tax evasion, returned phone messages left at their offices yesterday.
Georgia Tech beat Maryland, 96-83, at Maryland on Feb. 8 and 104-82 at home nine days later.
Soon after, gunmen in Beirut claiming membership in a radical Shiite Moslem group called Freedom Strugglers seized Mr. Cordes and Mr. Schmidt, both West German businessmen, and on Jan. 26 the West German police arrested Abbas Hamadei, who led them to a cache of liquid explosives near the French border.
The well-being of our towns is everyone's responsibility.
The Duchess of Windsor bequeathed the Louvre its first painting - in fact, the only painting known to be in France - by the great English animal painter George Stubbs.
As I signed up for two kinds, I inquired, ''Do you live around here, honey?''
Such was the genius of Holbein that we could almost credit him with powers of divination when we look at drawings like the famous portrait of Cecily Heron, the youngest daughter of Sir (later St.) Thomas More.
Much of the time, the marriage of words and music fails to recapture the natural rhythmic flow of Mr. Wilson's 60's Beach Boys music.
Villagers show that they are up and about for the day by leaving open their front doors, and as you walk by, you can peer in and see the great Engadine front halls, often furnished with carved and painted chests.
In 1980, Lancome came up with the first of these - a pressed powder that transforms into a creamy foundation when dabbed with a dampened sponge.
They sprinted, fidgeted and toppled to the floor.
It has been 19 years since Senator Edward M. Kennedy drove off Dike Bridge on Chappaquiddick Island in the middle of the night with Mary Jo Kopechne in the car, but the mystery remains: Why didn't he seek immediate help for his dying passenger, trapped underwater?
b-After income from discontinued operations of $1,560,000.
There were some older men from the Middle East, who, although highly successful in business in their own countries, were illiterate.
The restoration process is slow.
Now, two new kinds of memory chips - flash memories and ferroelectric memories - offer the promise of meeting these requirements.
For a young staff member, who had no power of command on the army group level, the practical possibilities of opposing action were very slight and in all probability could scarcely have led to a tangible result.
Economist Praises Move The economist Martin Anderson, who will be a member of a 10-member committee to choose Mr. Campbell's successor, said Mr. Campbell was ''the premier intellectual entrepreneur of the century'' but that the move ''makes a lot of sense.''
Still others ate noodles as they danced.
We have been spending a lot of time in parking lots.
Today's offices are likely to embrace hardware and software from many vendors, and the idea of a single operating system that will work with all of them is appealing.
Add julienned leek and stir gently to mix well.
But for all the growing number of film festivals - in Odessa, Sverdlovsk, Ashkhabad and Riga - and for all the self-conscious daring of the new young avant-garde directors, most popular Soviet films until this fall seemed to be exercises in glibness masquerading as exercises in glasnost.
He said an additional 167,000 pounds had been discharged into the Great Miami River and 289,000 pounds had been discharged into the air.
''Shelton's concentration is the best it's been since he's been at St. John's,'' Carnesecca said.
Like other married couples who file jointly, the Colemans will lose a key deduction on their 1987 returns - the two-earner wage reduction that allowed a married couple to deduct 10 percent of the income, up to $30,000, of the lower-paid spouse.
Since then, she has gone on two auditions.
''I think Weicker did important work for the disabled,'' he said.
Yet this excess captures a part of Mr. Fuller's character.
Women are snapping up the new eye creams, neck creams and antiaging creams as well as bath powders and lotions.
It's that he fears a power which is pervasive and has such control over his life.''
Mr. Gutierrez reportedly told Salvadoran and American officials that he had been the Chief of Naval Intelligence at a Nicaraguan Navy base at the Pacific port of Corinto between April and December 1987, and that he had helped to arrange arms shipments to the Salvadoran guerrillas.
''The attitude is more serious than it was at the last one,'' he said.
Although the transaction did not result in new housing, Rolfe considered it a success.
I am not talking about violence or trespass or disorderly conduct.
''I didn't allow it to bother me.
A man and woman were arrested after they tried to rob a token booth on the L line early yesterday morning and threatened to burn it, the transit police said.
But best of all, they are no longer haunted by drained batteries.
The conservative daily has long charged that the past city and state administrations have ''sanctified and stimulated'' the slums by expanding their scant supply of water, electricity and schools for political and social reasons.
Paul S. Sarbanes, a Democratic Senator from Maryland.
''The big thing about shelters is that they house not only people but an anxious foreboding and an uncertainty,'' he said.
officials said yesterday that because Simplesse is made of particles that have been altered and for which there is no documented history, the Government may raise some safety issues.
''Historically, when the funds rate exceeds the discount rate by so wide a margin as it does today, 150 basis points, critics of the Fed will complain that it is subsidizing the banking industry,'' he said.
''How did you get there from here, Mr.
The museum is at the junction of Ridge and Fairview Avenues in Paramus.
(AP) - Ken Battle and Nick Anderson each scored 22 points and Illinois shut down Dean Garrett inside as the Illini won a Big Ten game.
He indicated that more than 100 people would be charged before the investigation was completed.
Odysseus for the I-Can-Read set?
SONDRA GRUNDMAN Rye, N.Y., Oct. 21, 1988
1 ranking in almost every other European country.
degree in nursing from Georgetown.
In the 19th century the first investigation of Boss William Tweed and New York City's accounting records was conducted by a committee of notables, including the banker J. P. Morgan.
The effect is to heighten the play's melodramatic aspects, which the director, Steve Stettler, rubs in further with such devices as ending the first act by spotlighting the family mailbox that holds the letter that incriminates Nora as a forger.
During the past year, the society has continued its 135-year commitment to serve the city's children and families, especially the neediest.
But income from product placement alone, Mr. Adib noted, covers about 30 percent of the cost of producing six soap operas of 180 episodes each per year.
''So I asked, 'Where is all that coming from?'
But the Chinese screen their athletes at a young age and try to select those most suited to diving.
And once the bloom is off the pearl, it can never come back.''
To have the President of the United States speak to this nation and imply that being a liberal is something of which to be ashamed shocks me.
Mr. Kazantzakis was excommunicated from the Eastern Orthodox Church because of the novel, which depicts Jesus in human terms, struggling against his divine fate but not giving in to temptation.
Apply a thin coating of flux to the shined areas using the applicator brush.
Last night the original ''Men for Mildred'' wore black tie to the St. Regis where they were joined by 200 guests and a gaggle of Secret Service agents at a party to celebrate Mrs. Hilson's 90th birthday.
Hangl clocked 1:08.60 in the 49-gate first run and posted a blistering 1:15.93 through 52 gates in the second for a winning aggregate of 2:24.53.
All this, Milanese say, has been accomplished in spite of Rome, which they feel inhibits growth with enormous budget deficits, a glacial bureaucracy and a bottomless capacity for political intrigue.
''BAREFOOT IN BROOKLYN,'' a program of dancing presented by the Barefoot Dance Company from Ireland, 1:30 and 3 P.M. today, at the Brooklyn Children's Museum, 145 Brooklyn Avenue.
THIS is the season of books by politicians - and also of books ''by'' politicians.
DISEASE: Syphilis; 85,000 Symptoms: Can produce sores but is frequently asymptomatic.
Officials had said they expect more interruptions and delays in the countdown for the actual launching of the Discovery this fall.
But what is so detestable is that they don't admit it and try to convince us to the contrary,'' El Pais said.
Mr. Levinson, who claimed the government's case was based on ''surmise and conjecture,'' said Mr. Rosenberg had asked Mr. Barnes about a trial in Queens, not Brooklyn.
Mr. Ward offered another example of the difference between his direct American style and Mr. Gilbert's British version: ''At one point, Mersault observes 'Il etait avec son chien.'
Most schoolchildren here know who founded the Ford Motor Company, and nearly everybody has heard of Walter P. Chrysler, but does anyone recall who started General Motors, was its first chief executive and twice managed to blunder away control of the company?
Mr. Burson, who will be 67 on Feb. 15, will remain chairman.
* Dainippon Ink and Chemicals Inc. said it would acquire all outstanding shares of Technical Tape Inc., New Rochelle, N.Y., a manufacturer of pressure-sensitive tapes, for $13.75 a share.
Here's how it works: With Reagan Administration support, Morgan Guaranty agrees to forgo roughly one-half of any loans on which Mexico will give a solid guarantee that the other half will be repaid.
'There's No Reason for It' Both Mr. Grigger and the second youth who was seen firing a gun were members of the group assaulting the two white brothers, the police said.
His own compositions - ''Morning Air,'' ''Echoes of Spring'' - are full of jewel-like melodies and double-time spurts, all delicate but played with an unwavering, persistent rhythm.
I hope he doesn't get seduced by Hollywood and stop writing for the theater.''
Titled ''Committed to Print,'' the exhibition will run until April 19.
His mother, Caroline Schaible, also retired, was a trust officer at Bank One in Dayton.
Hired as his assistants were Bob Berry, a former N.H.L.
They were not reconciled until five years later.
3.Put the sesame oil in a pan large and deep enough to keep the croquettes covered in oil.
Hispanic broadcasters have changed significantly in recent years.
However, she said, the number of students suffering alcohol-related injuries appears to be increasing.
But Senators Lautenberg and D'Amato, the Senate's representatives at a reconciliation conference today, have informally agreed to accept labor protection.
A ''social pact'' was signed in Brazil in an effort to slow inflation.
Thomas DeLio's ''Transparent Wave,'' played by Cliff Hardison, kept one's interest by using varied textures (for instance, a circular brush stroke punctuated by sharp rhythmic figures) in a brief monologue.
Most immediate, however, are the twin challenges of Lebanon and the Iran-Iraq cease-fire.
As Tom, Mr. Malkovich ''has the awkward task of switching from the pained, poetic style of the opening narration to a more lightly conversational tone, but he manages this gently and well.''
We allowed Miami to take that away from us primarily because of complacency.
Ripples from the scandal continue.
It's more than a notion.''
Dressed in shiney purple pants and jacket, a witch's hat, extra large black shoes and a pointy, pasted-on goatee, Mr. Kaplan delighted the kindergartners and first-graders with lots of pratfalls, magic tricks, a puppet show and a few rides around the room on three different unicycles.
The sorry truth is, these days, Eros defers to the joy of sleep, especially after a session of root canal.
Since the end of the Gordji affair, Iran has kept three diplomats attached to the Pakistani Embassy here, and France has had three diplomats in Teheran officially under the protection of the Italian Embassy.
Tianjin wants to set up a high-tech area, so we explained how we could be part of that.
As usual, there was a nationalistic edge to Mr. Dukakis's rhetoric that surfaced when he talked about Wall Street.
Scutti, who owns about 5 percent of Resorts' class A stock.
A lawyer for the A.C.L.U.
Try dipping a small piece of cloth into lemon oil or olive oil and then into table salt.
''But with the constant organized movement, encompassing all parts of the body, a boxer can get a high, much like a runner.
''If you think about the most successful sports operation on television, the N.F.L., it is considered having national exposure,'' Ziegler said.
He is W. Hunt Dumont.
Thomas J. Conlin, a retired colonel in the Army, died Wednesday at the Brookhaven Memorial Hospital in East Patchogue, L.I., after a long illness.
The Government center is a key laboratory where researchers conduct nuclear weapon and Strategic Defense Initiative development work as well as research in fields related to high-energy physics.
Owen Edwards's ''Thrice-Told Tales'' certainly rings true.
There were 53 weeks in the latest year, compared to 52 weeks in the prior year.
He was always something of an opportunist, they insist.
One day before that, Interior Minister Charles Pasqua created a storm within the Prime Minister's conservative camp by asserting that it shared the same ''values'' as the anti-immigrant National Front.
He and Mr. Palmer separately own five aviation companies, which lease 35 corporate aircraft.
State Department officials said tonight that they were unaware of the new guidelines.
About 200 students and faculty members attended the rally on the Cross Campus Lawn in front of Sterling Memorial Library.
Chrysler sold 4,535 cars a day, up 8.4 percent, and 4,432 light trucks a day, down 6.3 percent.
Scores of students had to be turned away.
The beams, which are shaped in damping rings, end their two-mile journey when magnets bend them around opposing arms.
is a symptom of British misrule.
Flowers abound, either in prints or as decorative silk accessories pinned to collars and necklines.
Unquestionably, it was the author's intent in this memoir to portray a man who had some potential for greatness, a man who could be loved and revered despite the contradictions in his character.
Very soon, though, rivalry turned into partnership and eventually into virtual identification.
Most of the money is being provided by the American Home Products Corporation, which is in the process of acquiring Robins.
Stubblefield's 'Blues' Jazz Album of the Week: John Stubblefield: ''Countin' On the Blues'' (Enja/Muse).
My conclusion is that it is absurd for France to try to control terrorism by making citizens of countries like the United States purchase visas while maintaining open borders with other European communities.
It notes, however, that two of the three trustees who favored Cadwalader had a strong history of past relationships with the firm.
The company commenced operations May 11, 1987; therefore, there are no meaningful comparisons for the year-ago periods.
Markets The dollar finished lower against key foreign currencies, an apparent victory for the central banks that have been trying to halt its rise.
A year later, she dropped out of college and tried her hand at a number of jobs: She sold insurance, became a condominium broker and started her own real estate firm with an all-female staff - not out of feminist principles, she says, but because women would work for lower wages.
He seems to think some wizard somewhere unclogs sinks and mops floors.
According to Dr. Edward J. Bloustein, president of Rutgers, a sense of complacency has settled on the nation since the 1960's, with people no longer believing they have to try to bridge differences.
Even though the stock was then trading at about $55 a share, Mr. Johnson's initial proposal to buy the company at $75 a share may have been his biggest mistake.
''They want democracy as one of the trappings of an advanced nation, along with tall buildings and the Olympics.''
No wonder Carter has been wondering why the Vikings had obtained him in a 1985 trade with the Miami Dolphins, who had held his N.F.L.
Christie's expects it to sell for up to $900,000.
As part of a broad effort to keep Mr. Dole from gaining any more ground, about two dozen members of Congress who are supporting Mr. Bush flew here to embrace the Vice President and criticize Mr. Dole.
Mr. Sugarman had charged that because of a clause in Media General's charter, applicable to certain types of mergers, his bid did not require separate voting by the classes of stock.
Although the magazine will be for both sexes, the publisher expects female readers to be around 60 percent because of the nature of women's purchasing patterns.
In interviews he still says his proudest moment was when Hitler told him, ''If I had a son, I would like him to be just like you.''
By the end of that year, the Brussels-centered European Community is scheduled to reorganize itself into a unified economic entity, free of tariffs and other national barriers.
Three players, all quarterbacks, stood near the front in bright red jerseys.
''That ad came after his ads saying that Pete Dawkins would move any place and say anything in order to get elected.''
Company officials said on Tuesday that the Government had allowed the deal to go forward on the conviction that there was no effective change of control.
He said that although he would not have designed this particular legislative path, he was pleased with what had occurred.
says one headline in Philip's memory, to which he responds, ''I've always liked a good exclamation mark'') to Margaret Thatcher's England, which Philip loathes.
They act with such intensity.
Dr. Paul, the son of Mr. and Mrs. Irving Paul of New Rochelle, N.Y., is a clinical instructor at the Harvard University Medical School.
When the troops entered Lebanon late Monday night, the army said its purpose was to search for Palestine Liberation Organization guerrillas and Lebanese collaborators.
They suggested that White Plains form its own landmarks commission to protect the property.
Mr. Hollinger sat on the floor of the stage, surrounded by pots and pans and pieces of scrap metal.
Fordham (18-14), which has not qualified for the N.C.A.A.
Quietly, South Korean conglomerates like Samsung are also exploring investment possibilities in Vietnam.
Aggressive Style Mueller is cast more in the image of the aggressive, almost reckless downhill racer, a sort of Rambo on skis.
Parents Attend Arraignment Mr. Solomon's father, Jack, wiped tears from his eyes as his son was arraigned, and raised a clenched fist of support to the suspect when their eyes met during the 10-minute proceeding.
A modern, chalet-style hotel with indoor pool and tennis court.
''Then, I decided that kind of message wasn't appropriate.
Miss Saltus's Mary, at first a predictable product of her represssed time, soon becomes the very model of the pioneer woman.
Each bidder needs to do lots of homework first - analyzing a property's physical condition, legal entanglements, and such documents as liens and leases.
Chair Gives In to Demands When Mr. Burlatsky and his colleagues objected, saying that the chairman's rights were being usurped and that they had not heard of Mr. Timofeyev's group, Ms. Laber answered, ''You're sitting with our group, and they are a part of us.''
It did, however, lead directly to the ''Waiting for Godot'' that opens tonight.
The power of Mr. Richards's record lies mostly below the surface in sinewy subterranean textures and vocal inflections that convey a classic blues attitude of renegade defiance.
When Libya was suspected of organizing a bombing in West Germany in which one or two Americans were killed, we sent a fleet of bombers over Libya, smashed houses and killed many innocent people, including Muammar el-Qaddafi's baby of 18 months.
It also has to go below ground because the architects for the renovation, Shepley Bulfinch Richardson & Abbott, are constrained to keep the integrity of Platt's original design.
However, the richness and texture of Mr. Ferris's overall presentation, especially when he is dealing with astronomy's origins and its memorable historic figures, far outweigh the book's feverish denouement.
WESTCHESTER Horace Greeley Wins in Bowl Chris Sullivan responded with one of his best efforts in the most important game of the season to lead Horace Greeley to a 20-6 victory over Hendrick Hudson yesterday in the Conference III bowl game at Mount Vernon Memorial Stadium.
But emergencies endured by new applicants for public assistance were shorter, indicating that they might have received expedited relief more promptly.
Those owners, the Clarence Scharbauer family, may find the temptation to retire him now too great.
First, there's the deliberateness of the pieces themselves and the poignant way each of them ranges between human care and neglect.
The rescue of 14 ailing institutions in Oklahoma could eventually cost the Government almost $2 billion.
But taxpayers, made wary by the rising deficit, might ask: Are House and Senate staff members worth it?
The reliefs have the look of tribal emblems, while at the same time evoking the shapes of 1950's sculptures as welded by Ibram Lassaw.
Dr. Douglas Goodin, an assistant professor of neurology at the University of California San Francisco Medical Center who is doing computer-assisted research on the brain's response to light, said researchers are not aware of any health benefits that can be derived by watching flashing lights.
As recently as the 1985 fiscal year, the city's capital-budget allocation for housing was $25 million.
Mr. Salinas needs the party to perform effectively on his behalf because he, unlike previous PRI presidential candidates who were able to coast to victory virtually unopposed, faces a pair of aggressive candidates, one to his left, the other to his right.
Earlier today, Mr. Gorbachev said a challenge by the Soviet republic of Estonia to Kremlin authority was part of the process of perestroika, or social restructuring, promoted by the Soviet leader.
He considered Kennedy a friend, but detested Johnson.
The large clan is headed by the President-elect's mother, Dorothy Walker Bush, who is in her late 80's.
She was found strangled in her home on April 15.
The changes resulting from the Revenue Act of 1987 are bound to create confusion because the legislation was passed too late in the year for the Internal Revenue Service to specify which changes from the 1987 law apply to returns for 1987 and which do not.
The Fed did say that it will require the Bank of New York to raise $264 million in cash if it succeeds in the takeover, which is being opposed by Irving.
''You can rest on your laurels or say, 'Hey, I've got a good thing here and I can be better.'
Led by Patrick Ewing, who made 13 of 15 shots from the field, including the last 10 in a row, the Knicks had three 20-point scorers and shot 58 percent for the game.
Yields on certificates of deposit, bank money market accounts and money market mutual funds rose in the week ended yesterday, but the momentum may well increase significantly after yesterday's rise in the prime rate.
Various stock indexes have climbed only part way back from October's heavy losses.
The report calls for ending all nuclear materials work at the Mound Laboratory in Miamisburg, Ohio, by 2003.
Population Statistics A recent study conducted by the Strategy Research Corporation, a Florida-based market research group found that in 1987, nearly 19 million Hispanics lived in the United States, representing 7.5 percent of the population.
Such a policy would mean more Japanese purchases from Argentina, Australia and China.
Meanwhile newspaper reports disclose enough inconsistencies in Miss Brawley's story to raise questions about whether any crime was committed at all.
''Parting the Waters'' pays heed to action on the main stage, such as King's first meeting with a President - Dwight D. Eisenhower in 1958 - but spends more time behind the scenes on the perhaps more significant events in the backwaters of the Deep South.
He said the plan was the first opportunity wildlife managers have had to work on a continental scale to save ducks.
then asked Dr. Morse to set up an experimental foundation to help launch new enterprises.
Samuel Brittan, the paper's respected economics columnist, is widely acknowledged to be either brilliant or impenetrable, depending on the reader's perspective.
In millions of barrels except refinery utilization Source: American Petroleum Institute
Developing countries have been pushed to countertrade by the debt crunch.
A nationwide manhunt set off by the karate-style kick slaying of a young business executive on a Manhattan street ended Friday night with the capture of a 20-year-old part-time New York stagehand as he stepped off an airliner in San Francisco.
If you touch it, it gives you a nasty, itchy rash that goes away in three weeks.
The future bridegroom is the president of the alumni association of the N.Y.U.
The act, also known as the Revenue Act of 1987, was signed Dec. 22 by President Reagan.
The dominant groups in Colombia that control the world's cocaine trade are unlikely to be deterred by the conviction this week of a leading trafficker, experts on the drug trade say.
Solidarity has come out in support of workers who are disgruntled over the drastic price increases that are part of the Government's plans to overhaul the economy.
In ''American Urbania'' (1971-72), the artist abandons his loose, expressionistic style for a minutely detailed, serene manner of landscape painting that borrows from the 19th-century American artists whose work he was studying at the time.
Attack and Retreat: The Guerrilla Way He faces many obstacles.
But until the heavyweight champion fights Michael Spinks, his time will be clouded by the presence of the one heavyweight with the style that might confuse him, that might even conquer him.
There is no compromise with the wrecker's ball.
The Equal Employment Opportunity Commission failed to properly investigate as many as 82 percent of the claims of job discrimination it closed in a three-month period last year, the General Accounting Office reported today.
That criticism extended as well to Governor Cuomo.
Steve Shields, who was called up from Columbus when Rhoden went on the disabled list, threw a wild pitch that gave Chicago its run, but he retired seven straight until Carlton Fisk hit a one-out single in the ninth and Pasqua walked.
b-After losses from discontinued operations of $43,000 for the quarter and $462,000 for the year; gains on the disposal of discontinued operations of $22,000 and $627,000 for the quarter and year, respectively, and the year also includes a tax credit of $307,000.
The primacy of touch in infancy, experts say, is tied to touch's being the most mature sensory system for the first several months of life.
In addition, ''when a utility has financial difficulties, it's most likely the regulatory body is going to give them a higher return on equity, to attract investors,'' he said.
Since those surpluses are now exhausted, the bill would require the Department of Agriculture to buy needed commodities to continue the distribution.
In ''Women on the Verge of a Nervous Breakdown,'' Mr. Almodovar sets out to charm rather than shock.
Everyone supported the change because of Mr. Kean's strong environmental record.
The complex is listed on the New York State Register of Historic Places.
The new entity, LaDonne & Wilner Entertainment, is working on the Peter Allen show, ''Legs Diamond,'' and on ''Mack & Mabel,'' both coming to the Great White Way this fall.
A judge then decides whether the parents should take the child back or pay full support or partial support, and the Department of Social Services is bound by the Family Court decision.
Taken together, the actions appeared to indicate that many delegates wanted to tighten the church's guidelines on abortion but were not ready to call for legal limits or ratify any anti-abortion sentiments not enjoying extremely wide support in the church.
She endures suspicion, imprisonment, even the loss of her hand in a bomb attack by Pinkerton agents, but remains unyielding in her effort to shield her favorite, Jesse, from the spiraling legend that will destroy him.
''You think because you are white that you own me,'' says the agitated policeman, and in the course of their confrontation, racial tensions are thrown into sharp relief.
He praised the process in the Bork nomination as a good precedent for a more active Senate role and healthy public scrutiny of nominees for powerful, lifetime positions on the Court.
Both dishes achieved a beautiful melding of subtle tastes and textures.
Iran has not launched its expected winter human-wave offensive, apparently because the supply of candidates for martyrdom is getting harder to mobilize.
Is this because the Zamoyskis have for the last 400 years been playing a leading role in Poland, a role often characterized by a greater public spirit and sense of responsibility than those possessed by the other magnate families?
New York: A Morgan Entrekin Book/ Atlantic Monthly Press.
''I'd get up real early every morning and run a few miles.
He explained he had hoped to get off two more plays ''perhaps get down to around the 10, or inside the 10.''
Other Derby prospects running in other preps the same afternoon are Digress and Zie World in the Tropical Park Derby at Calder, Proper Reality and Smackover Creek in the Rebel Handicap at Oaklawn and Batty and King's Nest in the Cherry Hill Mile at Garden State.
Ms. Rosenberg was linked by law-enforcement officers to the same robbery.
''I rarely see anybody going down into it,'' said Eugene Parker, who works at Animal Feeds Inc., a warehouse across from one of the entrances.
To the Editor: Our society has come to expect nuclear plant failures, plane crashes, railroad accidents and other disasters, but we won't accept the collapse of our bridges.
Those individuals who, through self-delusion, are waiting for the phone to ring with George Bush on the other end will probably never get a call.
But there is a third presence - the unseen, unheard interviewer, whose ghostly aura constantly reminds us we are watching a film.
Forty-three years we've been married.
BASEBALL BALTIMORE (AL) - Signed Joe Orsulak, outfielder.
With limited resources, she says, with courts that are less and less receptive to civil rights, you must strive to bring the right cases.
Mexico has not indicated what bids it might consider acceptable.
may try to exclude others as it liberalizes internal barriers'' Mr. McPherson warned.
A police spokesman said he had no figures on injuries.
Entire Floors Sought Mr. Zeckendorf said another reason was that many of New York City's fastest-growing companies in law, advertising, accounting and financial services were now based in East Side or Wall Street buildings that are too cramped to allow them to stay without splitting up their operations.
Lend an ear this week.
So we've got to move forward with those negotiations, get the level of strategic weapons down.
Robert R. Ferguson Jr., the company's chairman, was chosen to replace Mr. Pote as president and chief executive.
The Hewlett-Packard and Sony team earlier succeeded in developing the standard for 3.5-inch floppy disk drives, but it still faces opposition this time.
''I never tried to discourage him.''
It is essentially free, and you wouldn't have to worry about locating truckloads of watermelons in January.
In the futuristic fantasy ''Intelligent Life,'' by David Babcock, who lives in Hoboken - two astronauts wind up on Arlene, the ''planet of missing persons,'' which is 2 1/2 million miles to the right of Venus.
Backed by Ralph Nader With virtually all the votes counted, Proposition 103, which was endorsed by Ralph Nader and other consumer advocates, had been favored by 51.1 percent of the voters.
Navy officers have said that on scores of previous incidents, American warships have contacted Iranian civilian aircraft by radio and received responses.
AT A GLANCE: Irving Bank All dollar amounts in thousands, except per share data.
Schein/Blattstein, a direct-response agency that specializes in magazine subscription solicitation, is still trying to figure out what it has on its hands.
Michael S. Dukakis of Massachusetts striving to establish himself as the favorite of the big Northern industrial states after his setback last week in Illinois, and Representative Richard A. Gephardt of Missouri struggling to avoid elimination from the contest.
Australian companies have been eager to go into partnership with the Hollywood networks and producers.
When that business slows down, as it has, loan demand is sharply reduced.
On the Comex, gold was quoted at $455 an ounce, up $4.20 from Friday.
In return for rounding up investors, Simon was to receive 50 percent of the mineral interests or royalties that they had agreed to surrender to the company as a fee for its expertise.
Michigan (0-2) should beat Wake Forest (2-1), shouldn't it?.
Sources: Bank Rate Monitor, Federal National Mortgage Association and Dime Savings Bank
For one thing, it was supposed to be a list of chateaus of the Medoc, to the north of the city of Bordeaux; still, they managed to slip in Haut-Brion, which is located in the Graves, to the south and west.
A $1 million umbrella policy costs about $150 a year.
How Hungary translates that policy into a workaday system - and how much foreign capital it succeeds in attracting - could have broad ramifications for other Communist countries that are grappling for ways to revive their economies.
''There are lists of names that have been submitted to us by various people,'' he said.
Mr. Roberts, once described by a superior as a tough guy ''with warm human values,'' is presiding over the exodus of 40,000 white-collar employees deemed unessential to G.M.
''So we are talking about more than 300,000 ounces of platinum that will be used to make bullion coins,'' he said.
''American education is far more likely to make the recovery it needs because of the focus he put on schools.''
The dunes are high, 300 to 500 meters.
In fact, recent headlines indicate that similar incidents are still happening today.
To the Editor: I'm tired of having an otherwise pleasant evening in the city ruined by the sight of a poor horse pulling those relics of another time.
Parks Commissioner Henry J. Stern said the removal was necessary because the camp had ''expanded enormously.''
The Cardinals' receiver caught passes on both cornerbacks.
Earlier this month, the National Association of Attorneys General preliminarily adopted a broad set of tough standards for advertising by car rental agencies.
Amy calls me once or twice a week.
The spokesman, Gennadi I. Gerasimov, said in a telephone interview that the explosion occurred last Thursday at 7:15 A.M. at a factory in Pavlograd, in the Ukraine, about 500 miles southwest of Moscow.
It is unclear how these demands will be reconciled with another long-term vision in the north, the granting of provincial status to the Yukon and Northwest Territories, which are under the control of Ottawa.
Other big insurers devoted a larger proportion of their real estate portfolios to buying properties - and thus have had more leeway in deciding when to write down the value of their investments as real estate markets have soured.
At the Air Force Academy, where cadets pledge not to ''lie, cheat or steal'' nor tolerate such actions by classmates, cases are turned over to two investgators and heard by honor boards of seven cadet jurors and one officer juror.
The program was completed by Mr. Byrd's new ''Speak Easy,'' an intermittently biting but too often melodramatic excursion into the tortured soul of an everywomanish prostitute - or prostituting everywoman.
Retailing stocks fell after many of the nation's largest general retailers reported disappointing sales for August.
I don't think literature should be used as a firearm.
Support for the Democratic nominee grew sharply just after the first Presidential debate on Sept. 25, again after the debate between the two running mates, Senators Lloyd Bentsen and Dan Quayle, and over the last week, when an aggressive response to Mr. Bush's attacks and a populist message dominated the campaign debate.
One day, Jackson's manager, Frank DiLeo, called Tisch from California to emphasize Jackson's loyalty to Yetnikoff, and he mentioned the term ''key man'' a couple of times.
Senator William Proxmire, Democrat of Wisconsin, has initiated an investigation by the General Accounting Office, the Congressional oversight agency, into charges of military censorship of The Stars and Stripes.
''It's the peritonitis of the soul.''
Mr. Brett disagreed, suggesting a technical amendment was required since the language is silent about outsiders.
''Congressman Biaggi said, 'Everytime that you have a problem you always come to us and we always take you out of these situations,' '' Mr. Moreno said.
General Noriega took infantry, intelligence and jungle operations training there as a lieutentant from 1965 to 1967.
When Mr. McDonald took over in 1986, he sold those off and began a process of scaling Gould back.
The Penguins, on the other hand, were rather disorganized even as they began the game.
On Thursday, the White House spokesman, Marlin Fitzwater, appeared to indicate that the Administration had dropped its demand for General Noriega's imminent departure from Panama, saying that the relevant issue was that he give up power.
The indictment is said to focus on charges that he used fraudulent means to buy Manhattan real estate and valuable art works after leaving the Philippines.
HOUSTON (NL) - Announced that Bob Forsch, pitcher, had accepted salary arbitration offer.
No one thought I'd win it back because no one had ever won it back.
To publicize ''The Making of 'The African Queen' '' by Katharine Hepburn, the black-and-white postcard shows Miss Hepburn and a grungy Humphrey Bogart on location.
88 at the same moment as a woman whose apartment was on the ground floor.
TO fend off a hostile takeover bid from the Robert M. Bass Group, Macmillan Inc.'s management has proposed a restructuring plan that would split the publisher into two companies: a book publisher and an information company.
Sports The Summer Olympic Games.
In his decision, he will analyze the policy underlying Federal labor law and Federal antitrust law.
He came into the match with a plan, hoping to mix up the pace a bit more, encouraging Chang to be aggressive.
Those who come for just a day miss a great deal, because once the crowds file out, the island's treasures emerge out of the clutter of souvenir stands and group tours.
Tickets, dispensed through social welfare agencies and hospitals, are sent out in May and are usually gone by early July, hospital officials said.
Some self-control on the part of our elected representatives is long overdue.
Earlier and quite different in its idiom is the wonderfully stark and simplified, yet nonetheless tender, drawing of a female nude, dated 1932-33.
''HIV infection more correctly defines the problem.''
The disturbance was sparked by protests over a curfew at the East Village park.
Barkley, who knocked out Olajide last February at the Felt Forum, went on to win the World Boxing Council middleweight title with a shocking knockout of Thomas Hearns in June.
Except for a 20-year period between the world wars, Estonia has been dominated for centuries by outsiders, including Danes, Swedes and Germans.
The occupants were unarmed but were acknowledged by their organizations as guerrillas.
The following conversation took place between the cameramen and the Israeli officer in charge: The officer said, 'We are not going to go in.
* Mr. Hakim, two counts, including conspiracy to pay illegal gratuities to Colonel North.
Unlike secret civilian grand jury sessions, the Navy hearing will be public.
The investigation has had an effect on Mr. Milken's private side.
For shovelers, a round grip helps create legato, impressionistic strokes: Italian, romantic music, Richard Strauss, Gustav Mahler.
Reuben Nakian DiLaurenti Gallery 383 West Broadway (between Spring and Broome Streets) Through Feb. 13 Reuben Nakian, who died just over a year ago at the age of 89, was an American sculptor whose best works conveyed the exuberance that comes from a creative mind engaged happily in physical pursuits.
But land prices around them have become so expensive that they could only afford to buy a slightly larger apartment - 840 square feet, with another bedroom -for $250,000, which is not expensive by Tokyo standards.
I lived here far longer than you have when I got fed up.
(AP) Tennis 14-Year-Old Posts Upset: Fourteen-year-old Monica Seles, a native of Novi Sad, Yugoslavia, upset third-seeded Lori McNeil, of Houston, 6-1, 6-3, yesterday in the quarterfinals of the $250,000 Virginia Slims of New Orleans.
The elements of that coordination peek out from time to time in this consistently engrossing little show, just as they do in ''A Vanished Past.''
However, because the designer did not completely understand how the network worked, it quickly copied itself thousands of times from machine to machine.
120, Messiaen's ''Vingt regards sur l'enfant Jesus,'' Schumann's ''Etudes Symphoniques,'' Rachmaninoff's Prelude, Op.
A20 The system used to select Presidents has many problems, voters in latest New York Times/CBS News Poll said, but the participants who deserve the most blame, they said, are the candidates and the voters themselves.
TWINS 9, WHITE SOX 4 CHICAGO (AP) - Tim Laudner homered twice and Kirby Puckett drove in three runs with a two-run homer and tie-breaking double as the Minnesota defeated Chicago.
But within hours, Mr. Rapaccioli had been freed.
''I thought it would be in his best interest to resign.''
There is also uncertainty over how accurately official announcements from the secretive Imperial Household Agency reflect the actual state of the Emperor's condition, brokers said.
Saturday VARIETY OUTDOORS Dancing in the Streets, the group that stunned commuters at Grand Central Terminal last fall with a dance performance that used almost every imaginable corner of the station's main hall, is back.
''We felt we needed somebody with extensive experience in handling the press.''
The victory clinched Canada's first semifinal appearance in the 26-year history of the event.
Just as train travel early in this century made Chicago the locus of business meetings and trade conventions, the growth of O'Hare (nearly 60 million passengers passed through in 1987) has combined with suburban expansion to spawn the kinds of hotels, restaurants and bistros that once required a trip to the city.)
You may have heard of it.
A Manhattan physician shoots and wounds a cane-wielding man trying to break into his office.
On the top of the machine is a large umbrella to ward off inclemency.
And Sun, which has made its corporate slogan ''the network is the solution,'' has seen its annualized sales shoot past $1 billion.
Mr. Maurer said he had planned to leave last year, but he stayed on as chief operating officer of the Education Department at Dr. Sobol's request.
By this week, it was hard to find a bottle, even at $32, which is about four times what New Yorkers pay.
At a time when the strong yen is driving more and more Japanese manufacturing overseas, and when the pressure is on not to increase exports to the United States and Europe, China seems irresistible.
Shortly after 5 P.M., announcers for WQXR in New York and other stations on the network explained on their regular news broadcasts that a person had died at the theater and that the rest of the opera had thus been canceled.
The down-turned half of his mouth, in profile, was sunken between nose and chin like the mouth of an old man.
She said regulations were in the works ''that will allow other programs to set up the same types of treatment programs.''
Mr. Sofarelli did not return repeated telephone calls this week concerning about District 12.
Trusthouse Forte is suing to have this block of ''B'' shares canceled.
Leading the spade king has some attraction.
He shook his head in disbelief, adding, ''People have been talking about this for months.''
''The man is like Adam Clayton Powell,'' said Dominick Rocco, a court clerk and shrine-bearer from Queens.
Perhaps the film makers didn't know.
Cooper can do more things: play defense, shoot and rebound.
Jujo Paper faces a depressed market, but volume and a strong yen have lifted its projected profits.
Jim's case was the first one assigned to Edward when he finished his training as a crisis counselor.
KANSAS CITY (AL) - Agreed to terms with Steve Balboni, first baseman-designated hitter; Kevin Seitzer, third baseman, and Larry Owen, catcher, on one-year, nonguaranteed contracts.
Rates for travelers with a valid train ticket are about $3.60 (based on 1.4 Swiss francs to the dollar) for up to four hours; $5 for four to 12 hours; $6.50 for up to 24 hours, and $5 for each additional day.
By way of comparison, the National Cancer Institute's 1988 budget is $1.5 billion.
LaMothe, who is 62 years old.
These are the hills of the Fiora, flowing through what was once a chain of volcanoes.
She added that Mr. Buller would miss playing Santa this year.
For Mr. Andrade, fog and fog signals are objects of devotion, as they are for many people here.
The report, by the Commission on Quality of Care for the Mentally Disabled found that some patients were being hospitalized at an annual cost of more than $400 million, when they could be placed in far less expensive nursing homes or community residences for the mentally ill. ''If you want to alleviate some of the pressure on the mental health system, the way to do this is to remove the 'bed blockers' from the psychiatric hospitals,'' said Clarence J. Sundram, the chairman of the panel that drafted the report.
Mr. Bohbot, 34 years old, a quick-lipped Jackie Mason sound-alike from Queens, is celebrating his successful year by changing the name of his agency, which was founded in early 1986 as Bohbot & Cohn.
Some Middle East experts, like Mr. Chubin, maintain that Iran's recent reverses in its war with Iraq are a turning point and that Arab allies of the Iraqis are moving closer to an open confrontation with the regime of Ayatollah Ruhollah Khomeini.
Considering a Switch Ariey was thrust into the starting lineup last week when William Roberts, a left tackle, suffered an injury to his left ankle.
Almost all the state's most prominent Republicans are supporting Mr. Bush.
LEAD: *3*** COMPANY REPORTS ** *3*SNAP-ON TOOLS CORP (NYSE) Qtr to Dec 31 1987 1986 Sales 195,110,000 177,696,000 Net inc 23,889,000 15,893,000 Share earns .57 .38 Yr sales 754,303,000 670,086,000 Net inc 88,596,000 65,496,000 Share earns 2.13 1.59 View Full Article in Timesmachine 
I even took him to church with me, but he said he didn't want to stay.
Two weeks ago, in a four-game set with the Braves in Atlanta, he hit three mammoth shots in consecutive games.
Mr. Arafat addressed the Assembly on Tuesday.
The marriage of Lisa Hope Clayman, a daughter of Mr. and Mrs. Gerald Clayman of Valley Stream, L.I., to Richard Adam Lebowitz, a son of Mr. and Mrs. Robert B. Lebowitz of Merrick, L.I., took place yesterday at Temple Emanuel of Great Neck on Long Island.
The blast came hours after a British soldier was charged with killing a young man shot dead at a British Army checkpoint on the border with the Irish Republic.
Tomorrow night in Rockport, according to a long tradition, Santa Claus will arrive on a lobster boat and the town Christmas tree is to be lighted.
I think everybody here respected Billy a great deal.
In a mixing bowl, blend the eggs, sugar, vanilla, nutmeg and cinnamon.
''I caught myself the other day staring at Ozzie Smith,'' he said.
Most of them belong to an Orthodox denomination that claims to have preserved Christianity in its most pristine form since the second century.
The issue, according to Senate leaders and Republicans, is Mr. Ooms's impartiality.
But remember the sequence,'' he continued.
At least 122 Palestinians have been killed in clashes with Israelis in nearly four months, and three others have died in incidents involving charges of collaboration.
Shortly afterward, Ms. Orton said, she suggested Social Security checks to the police.
I understood him when he said: 'I cry when I think that I cannot speak my own mother tongue as well as I can speak the English language.'
If you go Where to Shop All of the following shops are in Florence, and all of them close for the month of August.
1 problem for the new Energy Secretary, whomever he or she may be.''
''Yeah, there may be more sentences in there about day care than many conservatives would feel comfortable with, but these are minor compared to the big ticket items.''
No realty group has abandoned the time-honored tools of political donations and discreet lobbying, but those tools have become part of broader strategies.
Even when they are not relegated thereby bias and bigotry, people traditionally have clung to ghettos.
Or you are under orders to report daily to the police, and you don't.
b-Includes a tax credit of $62,130 for the latest quarter, compared with $145,163 a year ago.
After the match, Seguso was fined $1,500 but was unrepentent.
''He was trying to belong to academia with the wrong symbol,'' Dr. Nicosia said.
'Heat Is Like an Oven' Mr. Hungria, 27 years old, who lives with his 62-year-old mother, Eva Abreu, said the two had felt forgotten by utility officials.
Dr. Stauffer has taught me organ since my freshman year.
Division II - Westminster, Pa.
Though it unhinges his film, Mr. Khleifi's dismissive attitude toward the Israelis ironically frees him; he goes on to depict his Arab village in loving, almost anthropological detail.
While these particular items may be beyond your range to bid on, a keen eye and a bit of curiosity can still turn up bargains, especially at the smaller auction houses and weekly sales - a piece of antique jewelry or memorabilia of your favorite stars, perhaps.
Women have broken barriers, gained respect and moved into professions and high-level managerial positions.
* Lower interest rates for Japan were endorsed by the country's Prime Minister, Noboru Takeshita, in talks with President Reagan in Washington.
So far, however, none of the networks have provided enough information for a detailed glimpse into the earth.
In putting together his victory here, Mr. Gephardt emphasized trade and farming.
Among Democrats, says the political analyst Douglas Schoen, charisma inevitably means left-wing.
But until last year, the rent-stabilization code itself was industry written.
The winning numbers in New York's lottery of 11-18-22-25-44-48, with a supplementary number of 7, represented the second-biggest single ticket winner ever in the state.
''I would be for him,'' Mr. Barry said, ''but I don't think he can get elected, and I want to vote for the Republican I feel can get elected.''
A crowd estimated at 55,000 turned out this afternoon for a parade to City Hall, cheering and waving oversized gold-and-blue foam-rubber fingers imprinted with ''We're Number 1.''
Why do people buy a 400-watt stereo when 99 percent of the time they're listening to music at much lower levels?''
The Overall Scheme to Defraud Drexel Burnham Lambert, Michael Milken, Lowell Milken, Cary J. Maultasch and others engaged in a two-year scheme to violate the securities laws, defraud Drexel customers, trade on inside information and manipulate the prices of stock.
John and Jim plan to take their act south of the border to New York this spring.
The Mets will sign the left-hander Bob McClure today to replace the right-hander Rick Aguilera, who will undergo surgery tomorrow and be placed on the disabled list, Jay Horwitz, the Mets' spokesman, said last night.
The first known AIDS virus, HIV-1, has accounted for nearly all AIDS cases so far in Africa, Europe and North America.
The images of a concentration camp as it looks today - a peaceful, ghostly, parklike setting with well-tended grass - are metaphors for the impermanence of all things, including memory.
He said he was not advocating new rules for how delegates are allocated.
A change in French inheritance taxes had made it crystal clear that her family would eventually lose majority control of the company.
''We don't want a South Street Seaport.''
The efforts of both city and state government are needed to meet the crisis.
In 1987 there were 11 fatal crashes and 60 fatalities.
Mr. Dukakis has specifically suggested spending an additional $1 billion.
Donaldson, Lufkin & Jenrette Securities Inc. is participating in the proposed purchase of Ann Taylor, Mr. Leppo said.
''The things in a B-plus category that are not in great condition are not selling.''
The judge invited Mr. Maddox to offer any ''factual issues'' that could spare Mrs. Brawley a contempt citation but the lawyer declined, saying that while there were ''a lot'' of such issues, Mrs. Brawley did not have ''a snowball's chance in hell of getting justice in New York.''
Noranda, a metals and forest-products producer based in Toronto, asked the Ontario Securities Commission for permission to bid on the shares, which Placer Dome Inc. had put up for sale, without requiring it to make a similar offer to other Falconbridge shareholders.
Throughout the day of testimony the Pentagon officials emphasized their view that, despite the treaty, the United States and its European allies must continue to modernize conventional, chemical and remaining nuclear weapons in Europe.
The Vice President, who made the remarks this morning in a speech to the Association for a Better New York in Manhattan, did not explain how he would overcome court delays that have blocked executions while constitutional questions were resolved.
He lifted a blanket draped over a couch.
If they paid less, as some did as recently as 1980, then the excess payments will be treated as a capital gain.
The three were also convicted of first-degree assault in the severe beating of Mr. Sandiford, 37, at the edge of the parkway.
''Everybody seems to be directed toward that market,'' said Robert Gottlieb, director of marketing at Jordan Marsh.
It was also the inspiration recently for a bold suggestion by Thomas Krens, the new director of the Guggenheim Museum, that four or five of New York's major museums - all beset by severe space problems - might ease their burden by jointly creating a nonpublic storage facility 50 miles outside New York City.
Soviet chic will also have its day.
Nevertheless, the Giants have struggled to stay around the .500 mark in getting started on their defense of the National League West championship.
For all their cynicism about the celluloid formula factories, the Spewacks recorded for posterity a real repertory system, Hollywood-studio style.
''They started calling me 'nigger' and 'blackie,' '' Mr. Buckner said.
The head of the Angolan delegation.
The opposition was minimal and voiced by lawmakers from regions likely to feel the brunt of Canadian competition, like Maine, whose potato growers and lobster fishermen are complaining.
He produced one of the best-remembered pictures of President John F. Kennedy's funeral in 1963, when he cropped a group shot of family mourners to show just John Jr.'s salute to his father.
Mr. Suter, 52 years old, joined Firestone from the Emerson Electric Company in St. Louis, where he had been vice chairman.
Jesse Jackson's solid second-place finish again demonstrated his ability to build support in a state with an overwhelmingly white population.
While he's not an eclecticist, he is someone who manages to squeeze meaning out of form.
It will split in half.
In no coed college or university that I am aware of will you find that more women are majoring in economics than in any other discipline.
Mr. Atwater has said, however, that the defeat was not attributable to staff problems.
My friends who had abortions believed that having a baby at that time of their lives would be a disaster.
Bodyguard Wasn't There Mr. Tawil had a personal bodyguard, too, a Palestinian.
Many of them are operated around the country by churches, clubs and private owners.
Soldiers often shoot at shadows or at each other in their first night in a combat zone.
In 19th-century America even the teachers were frequently only a chapter or two ahead of their students.
Plants Act Like Fine Combs Arcata's treatment system starts like most others with wastes flowing into the mechanical plant where solids are removed and disinfected.
On the other hand, Dr. Barton and Dr. Silverman found, some boards, similarly misunderstanding the political nature of the association, view other association members as presenting mere ''people problems'' that get in the way of efficient management.
The East German male standouts are more likely to be Ulf Timmermann in the shot-put and Jurgen Schult in the discus, both world record-holders.
Many ski shops at ski areas rent demo models of the skis they sell.
''He's won a lot of ball games for us in four years.''
Come Looking for Bodies Inevitably, some of the visitors are undisguisedly eccentric.
to remove Confederate flags that were displayed separately or as part of the design of state flags atop statehouses in Alabama, Georgia, Mississippi and South Carolina.
Freddie Head rode her to both victories.
''We provide them to both police officers and consumers,'' said Mr. Austin of Nova.
''This means we'll be showing our love in a more efficient way,'' said Harold Holzer, a spokesman for the state's Department of Economic Development.
His congregation was attentive as he assailed the machinations of evil and spoke of God, family and love.
These ''premium'' payments could also be targeted to groups, like the Medicare members (mostly older folk) now covered.
A woman and a painting tie together three generations of an English family.
But he will still be manager of the Padres and master of the marketplace.
Farmland Dairy, of Wallington, N.J., which won its challenge to those regulations and instantly sent prices down by 60 cents a gallon, is now lobbying against the bill.
The wasps are short-lived and survive only in tropical and subtropical climates.
Inside the doctor was saying, ''You're very high right now.
Two officials of the Party of God went to Damascus on Sunday and met Vice President Abdel Halim Khaddam.
Fanny, Oliver and Rose set sail for America together with a clergyman called Edward Ash and his wife, Betsy.
They have found a naturally produced neurotoxin called quinolinic acid that appears to accumulate in excessive amounts in the affected part of the brain of Huntington's patients.
An artery is first widened by conventional balloon angioplasty.
This is the real thing.''
But Robert McGrath, a mayoral spokesman, said the Mayor will make a public statement on the issue tomorrow.
She wore an Uncle Sam hat and sang ''How About You'' with special lyrics (''I'm just mad about George Bush, can't get my fill; Danny Quayle's looks give me a thrill.'')
Carry the bucket and other equipment down the ladder with you, then move the ladder about six feet farther and repeat the process.
Brandt, the chancellor of the University of Maryland at Baltimore, and Dr. Andrew A. Sorensen, an associate dean of the Johns Hopkins School of Public Health and the vice chairman of the council, asked for an estimate of how much it would cost for the Health Department to notify paramedics and firemen if they were exposed.
Michael S. Dukakis begins the final month of his campaign for the White House with an icy anger against Vice President Bush and a trace of wistful longing for the more civil, relatively issue-oriented politics of the primaries.
The device measures the frequency of the sounds, but weighs it only in broad terms, like ''very low'' or ''high.''
Others often had to dissect the leader's products to make their products compatible.
New York State has spent millions of dollars to support parental choice programs at the local level and New Jersey has set up a study of the issue.
This collection of essays, published after the author's death in 1987, is ''a precious footnote - a series of ripe meditations about the experience of Auschwitz,'' written ''with a purity of spirit for which we can only feel grateful.''
- and can be observed skulking outside Pioneer Bakery's discount outlet.
Her father was head of the sports copy desk and assistant to the sports editor of The New York Times.
Mrs. Frank is survived by a daughter, Maud E. Frank of Bellerose, L.I., and a grandchild.
Both Mr. Meese and President Reagan said the report thus vindicated the Attorney General.
There are no short cuts.
First, park workers will be guaranteed 40 hours of work instead of the usual 35 hours, a move officials hope will make the jobs more attractive.
He returned to the United States after the war.
The Associated Press quoted a senior Sri Lankan Government official as saying that at least 12 people had been killed and 22 wounded.
Now, in the spring, at least, Wichita Falls is green and pleasant, a much more attractive town, for my money, than Lubbock, Abilene or Amarillo.
But there were no reports that they had actually crossed the Angolan border.
From the beginning, when Universal Studios announced it would distribute the film - adapted from Nikos Kazantzakis's novel about a self-doubting, humanly tempted Christ - some religious fundamentalists have denounced the project as blasphemous.
SARAH VAUGHAN AND HER TRIO, with George Gaffney, Harold Jones and Andrew Simpkins.
The White House threatened a veto if it was not included, even though it affects only a small fraction of the welfare population and is therefore peripheral to the bill's main thrust.
After 20 years, effective relief may finally be at hand.
* International Minerals and Chemical Corp., Northbrook, Ill., said John A. Edwardson Jr. will become senior vice president, and chief financial and administrative officer on Oct. 17.
As the stands begin to form a solid ring around the piazza's central space, Christmas tree ornaments and toys go on sale.
He plans to be on the group's ski trips to Klosters, Switzerland, in early March and to Las Lajas, Argentina, in August.
The raid here was the most recent of several clashes in which the people of this northwestern border state have found themselves caught in crossfire between their Government and traffickers.
We strongly welcome the Free Trade Agreement between Canada and the U.S.A., and the steady progress toward the target of the European Community to complete the internal market by 1992.
Upon approval of the Federal Communications Commission, SBS will transfer the ownership of WFAN to Forward.
The library allowed me to borrow the first beautiful things I ever took home.
Both learned the game on backyard cement courts isolated from the tennis world - Connors in Belleville, Ill.; Agassi in Las Vegas.
They were in segregated accounts.
''At the bottom of New Age philosophy, however, there is a lack of seriousness about human limitations, the reality of evil and the lessons of history.
''It's a sort of chamber music on a large scale.''
An expert in family law, Prof. Leon Friedman of Hofstra Law School, said that many of the reasons for confidentiality disappear when a child is dead.
The pound fetched $1.75225 in New York, up from $1.7494.
Philadelphia made the score 2-1 in the seventh when Samuel doubled in Young, who doubled.
Indications are that the pace may have increased somewhat in December, Ms. Shaber said.
''The Government sees another danger: society's growing impatience with the effect of economic reform thus far,'' Mr. Sekula said.
Before he got the patents, he was arrested for what he said were his attempts to uncover corruption in the party.
I'm going to prove that you can run a business with feminist principles and make money.''
''Unfortunately, a large fraction of the basic science that's done doesn't lead to major breakthroughs,'' he said.
In any event, they involve the application of settled law to a particular set of facts.
And as the opening night party began for the play, a devastatingly sharp critique of the ways of the financial world and the role of greed, a headline flashed over the Reuters news wire overhead, almost on cue, saying that a study of the stock market crash in London would urge no changes in the stock market system.
Most English teachers are familiar with the Shakespeare of legend and tradition: the Stratford boy who may have poached deer and rabbit, the ambitious playwright vilified by a rival as an ''upstart Crow,'' the man who willed, curiously, his ''second-best bed'' to his wife.
The Economy Federal investigators described in detail how they say two Washington consultants obtained information from a Pentagon employee and used it to influence military contracts worth hundreds of millions of dollars.
No one is required to produce new dances at these sessions.
Competition from other mills and a new emphasis on customer relations required a new emphasis on collateral advertising, he added.
Mr. Manessis, who was born in Greece, said he had long read about Mr. Dukakis in Greek-American newspapers.
While the Reagan Administration does not favor removing the agency's regulation of safety from the department, the outgoing Transportation Secretary, Jim Burnley, has suggested making the agency's air traffic control network into a quasi-public corporation, like Amtrak or the Postal Service.
The Soviet leader stopped short of proposing the abolition of the state and collective farms, but he clearly wants them to be diminished to regional service centers, providing machinery, fuel, technical advice and marketing services for clusters of smaller, leased farms.
If Simon & Schuster were to buy Farrar Straus & Giroux, we'd be crazy to change it.
But he also travels extensively, which makes finding a proper breakfast difficult.
Most brokers report that houses and apartments now stay on the market far longer than they did 12 to 18 months ago.
Hussein, who believes he ate contaminated food in the Olympic Village a week before the race in Seoul, had to skip two weeks of training in Kenya when antibiotics failed to correct the condition and is still not fully recovered, his wife said.
Then the Giants' offense stalled for 39 minutes.
Mike Tyson, the undisputed heavyweight champion, was named Fighter of the Year by the World Boxing Council at its annual awards luncheon in New York yesterday.
When hot, add the onions and leeks and saute for two minutes.
Mr. Garrett, a partner in the Denver law firm of Kirkland & Ellis, graduated magna cum laude from both Florida State University, where he was elected to Phi Beta Kappa, and from the Georgetown University Law Center.
Each year 6,000 ships bring a million containers into the port, and agents can inspect only a small fraction of them.
It was my first teaching job.
He cites Samuel Hynes's ''Flights of Passage,'' which is about Mr. Hynes's wartime adventures as a young Marine pilot.
''Everything isn't going to be perfect; there will be bumps along the way.''
McEnroe will play Jim Courier today.
Gerald and Elaine Levine of Manhattan asked that their $54 contribution go toward ''making an elderly, sick person more comfortable.''
When he is investigated, he handles the matter with a bribe.
He led off the ninth with his 16th homer.
Aloha said it had complied fully with the earlier order.
''It's been real tough all year,'' Washington said.
Big-time athletes often sell their names to sneaker companies, athletic-wear outlets or summer camps for huge sums of money, then don't put in any time.
In this case the brakes would be used to slow the wheel so that it regains traction.
Higher prices, he said, would encourage farmers to maintain the size of their herds and sustain milk production.
''It isn't exactly deadpan,'' Ms. Maslin said, ''but it's a wildly colorful celebration of this bygone era, not simply a send-up.
That figure includes $92 million that a Massachusetts court ruled the state took from corporations improperly.
They then distributed the tapes widely, so the rank-and-file could judge the candidates for themselves.
His dry electrolytic condenser, for example, was found in nearly every radio and television set manufactured for decades and in the starters of most electric motors, with several hundred million condensers produced annually.
Robert Irving and Gordon Boelzner were the evening's conductors.
I was amazed at the lack of exposure.
The bride is a marketing representative at International Business Machines in New York.
When asked about Ewing's game, he said: ''I'm not surprised at what he did.
Ninety-nine of the 154 officers assigned to the Crash unit, for Community Resources Against Hoodlums, work in the minority south and central areas.
The concert's tone was set at the start with ''Floor Plastique,'' classroom exercises devised by Shawn to strengthen the muscles.
Mr. Hodes also ventured into new territory - some four-handed piano duets with his wife, Jan, in which they ranged from a salute to the celebrated boogie-woogie pianist Cow Cow Davenport to the 1960's hit ''Watermelon Man,'' which brought Mr. Hodes closer to contemporary fashion than he usually gets.
The stock market edged up to its highest point since it crashed last Oct. 19, as the Dow Jones industrial average gained 8.71 points, to 2,158.96, in slow Columbus Day trading.
Occidental Petroleum The Occidental Petroleum Corporation reported a net income of $77 million, or 34 cents a share, up 30.5 percent from the $59 million, or 23 cents a share, reported in the 1987 period.
''Epidemic'' accurately defines the problem's dimensions: between 1985 and 1987, adult drug arrests for sales rose 70 percent and juvenile arrests increased an astonishing 456 percent.
Vents are are available at hardware and heating supply stores.
Tuesday evening - Lester Bocchicchio and Jeff Edelstein, both of Staten Island.
He's number two in the world.
Mr. La Monica said the ads also make a subtle but no less important point.
They said their youngest suspect recently was an 11-year-old from the Bronx who had $300 worth of crack and $200 in his pockets.
New York's efforts will entail more taxiways, new terminals, inter-terminal trains and re-routed highways to more quickly move private cars.
A report published in the July issue of American Psychologist said studies have shown ''therapist-patient sexual intimacy to be a major problem for all major mental health professions.''
On the late afternoon of the day I mailed a check to pay for the super-hot and very powerful machine with a gold-plated hard disk sitting on a desk in my workroom, the computer patiently explained: ''Memory parity error at 5F,'' or something like that, and froze.
Youths Press East Germany East Germany, long insulated from critical calls for change, faces increasingly assertive human rights groups among the young.
The Administration seemed complacent about rising demands for pressure on the allies even after Representative Schroeder began hearings this winter before the Burden-Sharing Panel of the Armed Services Committee.
In a way, the ballet is a minor one: it tells its story on a small scale, and Mr. Walton's various theatrical curtains remind us that this is a ballet within a ballet.
''I see that one as a failure of our profession, the human-factors profession,'' Dr. Lauber says.
Former employees said he is good-natured and has the knack for establishing rapport with business associates as easily as with talk-show guests.
''What is it and how does it work?''
He retired from Manufacturers Hanover in 1978.
A bedroom -yup - on the second floor of the President's guest house, where nights earlier a visiting potentate would have been skewered by a plunging chandelier had he not been mysteriously otherwise engaged at the Watergate.
But these superlatives raise yet another question: Is the Olympics getting to be too much of a good thing?
A student of local literary lore, I spotted the modern apartment building where Bellow lives; and next door to it, an older building - the residence of his colleague Allan Bloom, Chicago's latest intellectual celebrity.
But as the New York City Police Department prepared to pay special attention to the situation, the Pirates organization stepped in at the last minute and had the station, WDVE-FM, cool the anti-Mets stuff and broadcast only pro-Pirates sentiments.
For the first time in 125 years, the Confederate flag will again fly from the courthouse, following the action on the 9th.
Late yesterday the three-year issue was offered by securities dealers with a yield of 7.53 percent, while 10-year notes were at 8.31 percent and the long-term bonds were 8.53 percent.
The project does not involve either of Myers's Rum's agencies, DDB Needham Worldwide or Mingo Jones, which handles the minority community advertising.
In business in Africa for 27 years, Abercrombie trains its own driver-guides, and each tour has a professional guide.
The program began as a way to get rid of drug dealers, but the proliferation of crack in Detroit has made the group's work all the more daunting.
That lunch contains 1,200 milligrams of sodium, 40 grams of fat and 700 calories, with about 50 percent of the calories derived from fat.
Some analysts concluded afterward that Mr. Bush had won the debate, but that estimate was also debatable; few argue that a brilliant performance by the first woman to receive a major-party nomination could have affected the Reagan landslide.
An agreement between New York City and the developer of Cityspire, intended to settle the case of the mid-Manhattan tower built 11 feet taller than permitted, is being criticized by executives of the adjacent City Center theaters and some members of the landmarks commission.
While some residents and neighbors are comforted by the presence of armed guards from Empire Security, others say the program has done little to deter drug users and buyers, prostitutes and others who continue to flock there, day and night.
His furniture and buildings defy characterization -they are usually biomorphic in shape, and look vaguely familiar, although it is hard to pinpoint where they come from.
The Milan bank, Italy's second largest, is offering $80 a share for 51 percent of Irving's stock, in conjunction with a $10 special dividend, which the Italian bank would reinvest in more Irving stock, and a program of cost-cutting to improve future earnings.
''They expect to walk into a backyard and eat the garbage without any interference.
The bridegroom is a grandson of the late Mr. and Mrs. Delano W. Ladd of Plainfield, N.J. Mr. Ladd was the senior partner of Greene & Ladd, members of the New York Stock Exchange.
* Are there any residency requirements for eligibility?
Before the new statute was enacted, Federal prosecutors could bring cases of computer fraud under the wire fraud statute, an all inclusive law that prohibits the use of telephone or telegraph facilities as part of a fraudulent scheme.
The increases are unrelated to recent reductions in service, including hours that post office windows are open.
After graduating magna cum laude from Harvard Law in 1948, he went to Paris as assistant general counsel to Milton Katz, the United States Special Representative in Europe for the Economic Cooperation Administration.
'' Throughout all this, the actor is counting his cinematic blessings.
Dip a whisk from which the ends have been cut (or a large fork) into the caramel (recipe, page 40) and, working quickly, move the whisk from side to side over the spoons so that the caramel spins out in strings that accumulate in skeins over the spoons.
My parents encouraged me and told me what to do to come back.
'I Have to Try' ''I can't just quit,'' Foster said the other day before another training session at the Indiana University Track Stadium.
He graduated from Bradley University.
The society's fourth annual black-tie dinner-debate drew a sellout crowd, not only for the caliber of the speakers - Michael Foot M.P., the erudite former leader of the British Labor Party, vs. Fay Weldon, the novelist and playwright - but for its guaranteed collection of glitterati.
Penguin said the first printing would be at least 250,000 copies.
Net assets for the latest period were $50,983,231, or $9.52 a share, compared with $52,420,820, or $9.79 a share, a year ago.
That sounds like a low percentage - except that in 1966, the last time the research group asked the question, only 20.6 percent said they had cheated.
Ms. Calegari is one of City Ballet's greatest treasures, and she plunged into this epitomizing Balanchine ballerina role with all her usual hungry intensity.
It also showed a severe lack of understanding of the way in which universities work.
'Not a Concern at All' Mr. Rollins said that a 2 percent increase in power had occurred, but that such ''perturbations'' were common when the reactor was being started.
Foreman, who weighed 241 pounds against Trimm, will meet Guido Trane on Feb. 5 in Las Vegas on an ESPN card and then, should he win, face Anders Eklund, a former European heavyweight champion on March 19 in Las Vegas.
After she dies, he tries to return to the family.
To the occasional dismay of the high-priced writing talent, some of the speakers prefer their own jokes to the ones in a specially prepared speechwriters' booklet.
The 11-story-high wall is the pet project of Snowbird's owner, Dick Bass, a world-class mountain climber.
'Cecil Beaton: Art and Artifice' Shirley Goodman Resource Center Fashion Institute of Technology 227 Seventh Avenue (at 27th Street) 'Cecil Beaton: Artifice in Life' Grey Art Gallery and Study Center New York University 33 Washington Street Both through April 23 Cecil Beaton was a public personality so vividly drawn that one seldom questioned what he did to warrant his reputation.
The 12-event tour, held from April through August, has been held for five years; this past year, it offered $370,000 in prize money.
It is necessary to remember that this play is set in England in 1880, when independent women were few and far between, and few women had the ability to make the kind of choices that might free them of the Mr. Manninghams of the world.
But Gary Orren, a professor of public policy at Harvard's Kennedy School of Government, dismisses that notion.
According to Justice Department figures, there were 19 such private cases that year.
At this stage of the epidemic, they have suffered the most from the virus, which destroys the immunological barriers the body erects against a hostile world.
Recent research demonstrates that students who are held back - even in the first grade - learn less and are more likely to drop out of school than similar students who were promoted.
Nine Americans Are Misssing The abduction of Colonel Higgins brings to nine the number of Americans missing in Lebanon.
The city says the zoning is valid.
In her Metropolitan debut, Elizabeth Knighton began thinly and tentatively as Emma, the unfortunate Lutheran girl, but her lyric soprano began to register somewhat more firmly as the violent action progressed.
'Where the Need Is Greatest' Marion and Irwin Kaplan of Manhattan sent $500 in memory of Ruth, Anne and Jack Schneider.
''I met him only once.
With this sole sheet of paper, we see what he was up against.
The register break, remember, lies smack in the middle of this span.
The banker dismisses his desire out of hand: ''You don't make money out of land, you make money out of money.''
Some of the most careful writing in the capital is done every morning when the State Department, Pentagon and White House begin preparing their public statements on the previous day's events.
The shad are caught on their way upstream.
Thousands of turbines, some shaped like eggbeaters, some like huge propellers, are humming now, driven by the winds that sweep across California's Central Valley, through Tehachapi Pass and into the Mojave Desert below.
He has promised to proceed with national elections mandated for May 7, 1989; his advisers increasingly hint that he will run for the presidency.
More unfortunately, the prissy head of chambers is dead set against Rumpole's living there.
On the first anniversary of the trade, he lost to Boston and enters his scheduled start against the Yankees today with a 0-5 record in his last six starts.
Angel Planter From Pennsylvania This light gray concrete planter, made in Pennsylvania in the shape of an angel's head, has a matte acrylic weather-resistant finish.
Three of the lesions, known as solar keratoses, are caused by exposure to the sun.
There are few artists with a better sense of the manifold meanings and possibilities of painting.
''The council is a fraud,'' said an elderly lawyer, who was offered a place on it but refused, ''because it was not created by the popular will, but by Roh himself.''
How do they know how much the paperboy made last month or the man who mows your lawn, or the baby-sitter?
The score for the 50-minute extravaganza was commissioned from five French composers of the 20's: Georges Auric, Arthur Honegger, Darius Milhaud, Francis Poulenc and Germaine Tailleferre.
He had no quarrel with the war itself, any more than did the mostly young journalists who had been sent to report it.
In the Kenilworth-Parkside housing project in Washington D.C., for example, tenant-elected managers turned a decayed and crime-ridden housing project into a model of neighborhood pride.
The network also offers attractive benefits - like routine physicals and ''well baby'' care for $10 a visit.
It was hot and oppressively humid, mosquitoes were everywhere and the mud was ankle deep.
In a rambling, tape-recorded statement taken by two white police officers, Mrs.
But the way she quivered revealed it to be an electric chair.
* The cultivation of marijuana is increasing in the Philippines, and the Government there has had little success in eradicating or seizing crops.
The resulting installation, supervised by Manuela B. Mena Marques, the museum's deputy director, obscures a few of the exhibition's less-explicit ideas, separating related objects.
But the aggressiveness of private businessmen, even though they continue to account for less than 5 percent of national income, has already provoked a Government backlash, Mr. Paszynski contends.
Tyson seemed relaxed and cheerful when he arrived amid the bedlam of Sheremetyevo.
No matter if the impulse is propaganda, the people are real.
Facing that growth, the company built its $15 million station partly as a way to consolidate its services and better monitor them.
Salads of crab meat and mushroom, couscous with shrimp, and fresh mozzarella with sliced tomato are among the appetizers.
Most were construction workers who had been without regular jobs for months; unemployment is nearly 90 percent in construction.
He joined the United States Army Reserve in 1959 and later got a job as a door-to-door salesman for a magazine-subscription company.
Even middle-income, two-earner families often find the cost of quality child care prohibitive.
The Rangers managed to unsettle the Canadiens, with Brian Mullen scoring his 20th goal of the season nine minutes into the second period.
The digital circuits almost permit two programs to be watched simultaneously, with the second picture (without sound) appearing as an insert on the screen.
Since 1961, the heart association has been recommending a diet low in fat, salt and cholesterol as a way to help reduce heart disease.
Central to the Commissioner's proposal is the assumption that the ability to lead a school is separate from the ability to teach.
That tier is designated Qualitatswein mit Pradikat - quality wine with special attributes - and its wines are called pradikats by English-speaking fanciers.
The police said that the planting of the device appeared to be an act of retaliation against police efforts to confiscate illegal fireworks.
His hero that day was Moses.
After Mr. Maxwell acquired Macmillan in early November, he assured employees that he was ''a publisher and not a bookkeeper'' and had no plans to sell any assets of Macmillan.
One of them, a minor poet called F. S. Flint, arranged for him to meet Ezra Pound.
David R. White, the artistic director of Dance Theater Workshop, was also enthusiastic about the piece, and arranged to present ''Waterproof'' in the Astoria Pool in Queens.
Mexico City, he said in a speech here in May, ''must stop expanding, become self-sufficient and put an end to the mirage of a cheap and better life.''
I know that Nursing did not plan it this way, but I also know that no thought, not one iota, was given to my feelings of displacement nor to the patients' need to know of the impending change.
LEAD: *3*** COMPANY REPORTS ** *3* Hudson General Corp (AMEX) Qtr to March 31 1988 1987 Revenue 35,499,000 30,079,000 Net inc 1,457,000 729,000 Share earns 1.18 .59 9mo rev 91,822,000 73,334,000 Net inc 1,415,000 1,045,000 Share earns 1.15 .85 View Full Article in Timesmachine 
Mr. Reagan seems to Russians the perfect marshal for this parade, a man who bridges the fantasy and reality of America, a figure of Hollywood and Washington, a buoyant optimist who can be a hard bargainer and forceful leader.
Since the road was paved, the area of destroyed forest has tripled.
The day after his mother died last year, following a 10-year battle with cancer, Cadigan showed up for the team's first practice.
His stepfather, William J. Collins, is the controller of Ultra-Violet Purification Systems in Bedford Hills, N.Y. His mother is an artist.
Instead, they attributed the auto market's weakness at the time to the vicissitudes of price discounting.
The last producer in the unit, E. S. Lamoreaux, was recently reassigned to the ''Sunday Morning'' staff.
'We Better Be Serious' So too today, Dr. Quigg said: ''The magnets are the big technical item.
I called home on Christmas Eve -I first had to make an appointment and go to the telegraph office in Guatelama City - and it was only between sobs that I wished my family a Feliz Navidad on my first Christmas away from home.
The Islanders swarmed onto the ice after the game as if it had ended the series.
Stephane Richer is Montreal's top offensive threat and he is expected to match his last year's production of 50 goals.
Ellsworth believes Shi Lu will one day be recognized as China's greatest 20th-century artist.
A look at the season's uncomplicated dressing, including these special reports: * Freewheeling, cosmopolitan or traditional - if the style fits, wear it.
No direct comparison tests between Aegis and other systems were conducted; yet ''comparative assertions'' were made without supporting evidence - for instance, a Pentagon official's statement to Congress that Aegis warfare capability ''would have totally overwhelmed any other ship in the fleet today.''
Sports mode makes the car blindingly fast, with shift points near the 5,800-r.p.m.
''Nobody can touch Charles now,'' said one department official, marveling at what he described as ''Fried's rather brilliant power play.''
He made both shots, giving the Friars a 77-74 advantage.
The big reasons for continuing failures are that the transit police have neither a clearly defined purpose nor an accountable hierarchy.
All you have to do is show up and pay for your ticket shortly after making a commitment on the telephone, or you can do it my mail.
Part of the problem that has led to the growing number of retentions, say some education researchers, is a shift in the curriculum of kindergarten from experiential learning to a more formal academic program before all the children are ready to handle it.
Two years ago, a commission appointed by Bahamian Prime Minister Lynden O. Pindling found drug corruption in his Cabinet, but cleared him of wrongdoing.
''This is a very critical quarter,'' said Steven A. Kroll, president of Shearson Lehman Hutton Asset Management.
Only last year, patients and doctors were elated by early reports from the Mexican doctor, Ignacio Madrazo Navarro, that a related pioneering procedure, involving transplants of tissue from a patient's own adrenal gland into the brain, had achieved striking success.
I suppose they wanted to put me through a kind of test.
If this is a family day-care program, find out how staffing is arranged if the director is sick or takes a vacation.
In 1984, Mr. Shewmaker was president and Mr. Glass was vice chairman and chief financial officer.
In 1984, for example, President Reagan and Mr. Bradley won re-election by overwhelming margins.
''I'm sure they feel that way now.''
''I think we deserved this.''
Now I think this is a good move, well taken by our leaders in Algiers.
The report was the Reagan Administration's first review of the cable television industry.
Mr. Navarro, the Vatican spokesman, said today that the Pope's plans to visit Austria this summer had been public knowledge for more than a year.
At the 8:30 P.M. Friday recital in Norfolk, , the music director, Joan Panetti, dons her piano accompanist's hat, assisting Jennifer Casey, Lili Chookasian, Richard Lalli, Lisa Livingston, Richard McKee and Jerold Siena in an assortment of favorite opera arias and ensembles.
'The City That Never Sleeps' Joyce Steins, self-described Mama Iguana and the founder, owner, creator and operating manager of the new Tex-Mex restaurant at 235 Park Avenue South, said: ''This is the city that never sleeps.
''Clearly there are fundamental problems with the way history is taught and learned in our nation's schools,'' said Lynne V. Cheney, chairman of the national endowment, a Federal agency that supports scholarship in history, philosophy and languages.
Mutual guardians, they tend to look for each other in a roomful of people; Richard has dedicated each of his books to her.
The Japanese have 29 percent of the world supercomputer market but only 5 percent of the market outside Japan, according to Jack Worlton, a computer consultant at Los Alamos National Laboratories.
Both choreographers appeared at the Joyce Theater this past season and, like the best jesters at regal courts, they made audiences think as well as laugh with their antics.
Branch aims to re-create for others the same sense of King as a man of power and complexity that he experienced in his college years.
The energy crunch is hurting India's poor, destroying more than 2.5 million acres of its rich forests every year and threatening the livelihoods of communities that depend on wood.
The 62-year-old columnist has been charged with one count each of possessing an unregistered weapon and possessing ammunition for the gun in connection with the shooting, which occurred June 14.
In medical school, women performed as well as men academically, said a study published in 1981.
Instead of merely displaying text and graphics on the screen, such computers would be able to incorporate sound, animation and full-motion video.
Three Late Birdies Kite, a Texan who grew up playing against strong wind, took advantage of Azinger's stagger to the 18th today.
But plenty of Democrats and members of Mr. Dukakis's campaign staff are willing to discuss the subject.
David Nilssen, an 18-year-old catcher for the Milwaukee Brewers who led their Helena rookie league team in batting, is the most impressive and is touted as a mild pro prospect.
The decision marked the fourth time a Federal appeals court has ruled that the Cigarette Labeling and Advertising Act precludes lawsuits brought by smokers who were injured after 1966.
Michael, sensing our discomfort, asked what ''men'' Mom and Dad were talking about.
Even if the networks decide not to cooperate this year, there is a simple solution to this problem: a federally legislated uniform poll-closing time in the continental United States.
To the Editor: In writing about Corsica (Travel, Dec. 27), James M. Markham mentions that the island has a ''terrible secret'' - the terrorist movement aimed at wrenching independence from France.
Mrs. Turnage said they were on their way to Orlando, Fla., for a meeting.
It was the same voice.
Now that the musical, is popping up in theaters large and all too many productions are mistaking - or, purposefully, substituting - sleaziness for small scale.
DEATH PENALTY LOWELL P. WEICKER JR.: Opposes the death penalty for drug-related killings or for so-called drug kingpins.
Tour pros' knowledge of the rules is notoriously bad and the golfers call for assistance at the first sign of a red-staked hazard.
Renate Ponsold addresses mostly the 1970's with her black-and-white portraits of the artists, musicians and writers who illumined it.
Goldman, Sachs & Co. Richmond, $145 million of public utility revenue bonds.
HURRICANE TALK If words to the wise are still considered sufficient, then perhaps we'd best heed what speakers try to tell us this week.
''It was completely frustrating to lose this way,'' said Corey Millen, the first of five different goal scorers for the United States.
The declarer was Lew Stansby of Castro Valley, Calif., a reigning world team champion, and he had plenty to think about.
They are ''A Citizen's Guide to Radon: What It Is and What to Do About It'' and ''Radon Reduction Methods: A Homeowner's Guide.''
Before the game, Leyland, highly respected by his players, talked about the kind of situation he has found himself in this season.
For a while, rhythm-and-blues itself, often referred to as race music, was banned from radio stations, most of which were controlled by whites, and was shunned by record producers.
Players are permitted to use pine tar on the lower part of their bats to give them a better grip.
At a cost of about $1.3 million an episode, ''Star Trek'' is as expensive as its network counterparts.
But the two others, also sometime husbands of Angalak (at the same time, it turns out) - Tilgut, a hunter turned after death into an affectionate bear, and Niutuk, a shaman whose soul inhabits a flamboyant bird - are high spirits indeed.
Traditionally, health planners note, the family caregiver has been a woman, but with more women working and family members frequently living in other communities and states, reliance on this resource is less certain.
Ms. Menkes, a fashion editor and fashion historian, formerly at The Times of London and now at The Independent, is the best-selling author of ''The Royal Jewels,'' and has established herself as an authority on royal matters.
He died the next year.
''Our organization is like a mother,'' he coos.
Beatrice Koekoek, administrator in Quetta for the French organization, said, ''We have to fight with the men to take women to a hospital when necessary.''
The employees who provided details of the action and asked to remain anonymous said the managers had accepted gratuities like cash, expensive gifts and travel allowances from contractors that do business with Nynex.
There are wondrous items in ebony, ivory and mother-of-pearl.
In an interview here, Saudi Arabia's Interior Minister, Prince Nayef ibn Abdel Aziz, said Saudi Arabia valued its role as the guardian of the Moslem holy places, and believed that all Moslems, ''regardless of nationality and even regardless of their political views,'' had the right to perform their religious duty in Mecca.
During the exhibition schedule leading up to the Olympics, Richter compiled a 17-7-2 record with a save percentage of .880, giving up an average of 3.31 goals per game.
Lyn Nofziger's defense attorneys filed motions today to set aside the former Presidential aide's illegal lobbying convictions on the grounds that prosecutors failed to prove he violated the law.
Maurice Linder, an insurance agent for 45 years and the oldest living member of the industry's ''Million Dollar Round Table,'' died of heart failure Sunday at Good Samaritan Hospital in West Palm Beach, Fla.
Mr. Carlucci is scheduled to visit Bahrain, Saudi Arabia and Oman as well as American vessels in the area.
To some extent, he concurs.
The Senate and Assembly, which had passed conflicting bills on financing, are expected to pass the amendments and send the bill to the Governor on Jan. 10.
The least efficient move is to close the doors of the system to those who can't afford insurance.
Has 70% of Market In the past, MCI and U S Sprint have consistently lowered their rates to keep them at a 15 to 20 percent discount to A.T.&T.
'Don't Love It, Don't Buy It' She was shopping with her friend Margaret Tjepkema.
His mother, Ethel Levantin, is a psychotherapist in Philadelphia.
Mr. Khelil was asked if political unity between the North African nations should be the first priority.
Source: McCarthy, Crisanti & Maffei Inc. Ratings: MCM/Moody's/Standard & Poor's.
Each year in October, we endure a ritual conferred upon us by Congress, the Uniform Time Act of 1966, which gave us that annual uncivilized rite of moving our clocks back one hour.
Sometimes the way we handle those things -and continue to handle them for years to come -sends our children a message that can cripple them for life.
She was to be gone for eight weeks, a decision she had made with much more equanimity than I.
A singing response is possible, maybe an Atlantic City lounge singer's rendition of ''Time Is on My Side.''
We do not see action upon action here, leading logically to a conclusion.''
A rookie, Don August, who joined the Brewers earlier in the day, pitched two scoreless innings of relief in his major-league debut to earn the victory.
A familiar face from nearly a dozen Ingmar Bergman films, including the director's most recent work, ''Fanny and Alexander,'' Mr. Josephson is making his American stage debut - indeed, his English-language stage debut - in an acting career that includes more than 100 plays.
''We only wanted to protect the little environment that we all have here.''
''I was in the crowd outside the polling booth and we didn't leave until the result was announced,'' Eva Mendoza Herrera, a 26-year-old mother of two, said.
And officials from interior provinces resent being left behind in the race for foreign investment, technological advancement and consumer benefits.
''WE DO make quite a team,'' the Rev.
''Symbolically, it's quite bad to have the destruction there and the creation gone,'' Mr. Lapcharoensap said.
Invitations to lecture pour in at the rate of four or five a day.
Instead of limiting participation to dues-paying members, as most chess clubs do, the studio is open to all comers.
The group's nonprofit status is based on its function as a service organization for local theater artists who want to work on original productions.
Susanne Bartsch, a former boutique owner who organizes these weekly events at the club, at 25 East 40th Street, go-go danced in cutoff denim hot pants, platform shoes, peace buttons, smile buttons and a stupendous blonde wig.
Whether the proposed overpasses would solve the traffic problems is uncertain.
''You end up with something that more people can afford.''
A beautiful alien drops in on a commune of aging hippies in Nova Scotia.
Under this divestment pressure, Mr. Murdoch said this week that he would close The New York Post on Feb. 19 unless its unions accepted cuts totaling $24 million over the next three years to enable him to sell the deficit-ridden newspaper to Peter S. Kalikow, a New York real-estate developer.
But complain they did, and the Kakoyiannis family and 75 other families were told to move their basketball backboards or face summonses.
''The family's newspapers are recommitting to excellence,'' Mr. Ballhagen said as the stockholders' decision was disclosed.
Zurbriggen, the overall leader in World Cup points this season, finished fifth, skiing at a turtle's pace for him.
The Conservatives believe that the Torah, while divinely inspired, was written by men over a long period.
Another unanswered question is what to tell women who had their initial breast cancer surgery before the clinical alert telling doctors about the new studies.
Nor is the United States currently reconsidering its absention in the World Bank on approving loans to Chile, the officials said.
Natural Gas Pricing In a decision that Federal regulators says could save consumers $100 million a year, the Court ruled by 8-0 in the Government's favor and against the position of natural gas producers in a complex gas pricing dispute involving interpretation of the Natural Gas Policy Act of 1978.
February The Art of Photography: 150 Years, 1839-1989.
Cynthia Moss, a senior associate of the foundation who is the author of ''Elephant Memories,'' a book that was recently published by William Morrow & Company, said isolated pockets of African elephants might survive the ivory poaching.
The new bid pushed up Kroger's stock by $3.50, to $56.25, on the New York Stock Exchange.
I've taken years of pleasure from my body; now I'm beginning to understand what, in the years to come, it means to give me back.
JOHN M. OPPENHEIMER Mill Valley, Calif.
The scandal forced President Nixon to resign in 1974.
I'm really in a state of confusion.
He received a degree in political science at the University of Ankara and returned home for a brief stint in the district administration before starting a career with the Ministry of Finance in 1933.
And when George Brett of the Kansas City Royals hit a towering home run that cleared the roof in right field last Sunday, it was only the 22d time anyone had managed that feat since the stadium took on its present form in the late 1930's.
Mr. Kayne was at Bear, Stearns when he told Samuel Belzberg to buy a stake in Wincorp.
''Glass may not be suitable for Nevada,'' said Robert Alvarez, director of the Nuclear Weapons and Power Project at the Environmental Policy Institute, a Washington-based environmental group that has intensively studied the Department of Energy facilities.
Ivan F. Boesky: The 51-year-old one-time king of Wall Street's arbitragers.
It's important to make this distinction because the function of a lobbying group in Washington is to influence Federal legislation.
The Little Orchestra Society, the Metropolitan singers and the Greek Choral Society, under Dino Anagnost, gave their all; it sounded as though more orchestral rehearsal time might have come in handy, but enough came through to give a clear idea of the piece.
''He had almost as much power over Dyson as he had over the rest of the staff,'' Mr. Ellicott said of Mr. Pappas.
Mr. Zhao wants to move more aggressively from a planned to a market economy.
Occasionally, berry aneurysms that expand to an inch or more in diameter mimic a tumor, causing symptoms because of their sheer size, not because of bleeding.
His company sells lots to builders for speculative construction or to buyers who hire their own builders with all sales, design and construction subject to Mr. Lambert's approval.
''Our deal was that I would attain a master's degree in chemistry, and then make up my own mind between medicine and the stage,'' he said.
The Constitution therefore carefully distributes the various responsibilities for criminal prosecution among each of the three branches, so that citizens may not be endangered by one branch acting alone.
Cardin coats were short and flaring in such colors as pink or turquoise.
Pravda did not say how the poll was conducted and gave no margin of error.
Happily, the pages were present when I checked a second copy, but such sloppiness isn't a good sign.)
The state had appealed the earlier ruling to the United States Supreme Court, which sent it back to the state court for a definitive ruling on whether peyote could legally be used in religious ceremonies in Oregon under state criminal law.
One way to get there is to head for musical borderlines, discovering where far-flung styles overlap as pure sheer sound.
As a young woman, she spent two years on the then-primitive island of Cozumel, off the Yucatan Peninsula in Mexico, working in a silk-screen studio and learning to dive.
It is not known whether Mr. Meese was aware of this when he wrote his letter.
Chicken scarpariello (with sausage, mushrooms, garlic and rosemary) was an oleaginous mess: they didn't even bother to remove the brittle bay leaves.
The most restrictive regulation, however, will be evaluated before it is instituted.
The networks would have had to pre-empt at least a half-hour of prime time for the 20-minute speech by Mr. Reagan to include an introduction, commentary and analysis.
Growth has slowed by similar amounts among local advertisers, Mr. Coen said.
What about the tens of thousands of worried but basically healthy people who visit doctors offices every month?
McGraw-Hill is always doing research on how much average sales calls cost in hopes that publishing that figure will lead manufacturers to use advertising in McGraw-Hill publications to augment such calls.
My perception of the reason for my success has also changed over the years.
''There was a consumer reaction of unfavorable dimensions,'' said Charles Ryan, an appliance-company analyst at Merrill Lynch & Company.
Victoria Munsey, marketing consultant for Azimut, said during a recent trip to New York that her firm hopes the status of the Blue Riband will be clarified before the trip starts.
''Twice a day he checks in,'' Mr. Forni said.
The 39-year-old screenwriter said he was irritated yesterday after an employee of his bank in the Bensonhurst section of Brooklyn informed him that he could no longer smoke in the lobby.
The meeting in Fort Washington persuaded LiCari that he had finally found an ally.
Mark Hollingsworth Jr., the son of Caroline J. Hollingsworth of Concord, Mass., and the late Mr. Hollingsworth, plan to marry in July, the future bride's parents, Mr. and Mrs. Richard M. Hunt of Cambridge, Mass., have announced.
It is likely that the damage you have uncovered took place before the exterminator was called in.
And so, the curtain-raiser for the series, ''The First World War,'' breaks no new ground.
Speaking of threesomes, the tricolored takes top salad honors.
He rose to head the tax department of Cravath, Swaine & Moore from 1963 to 1978 - a period that saw several major revisions of the Internal Revenue Code that made corporate tax matters more complex.
In the cavalry dances, they sport bandoleers strapped across their breasts, swords dangling from their waists, capes flung over their backs and fur hats.
The Swing Now Trio, three versatile musicians who have been kindling memories of the Swing Era, including the big bands and the jitterbugs, every Wednesday night for more than a year at the North River Bar in Tribeca (145 Hudson Street), brought their music but not their dancers uptown to the garment district Thursday evening to play at Terranova, a restaurant at 18 West 38th Street.
''And I don't plan to.
Giants 5, Cardinals 0 ST. LOUIS (AP) - San Francisco and St. Louis, teams with a history of bad blood, got into two bench-clearing fights in the eighth inning and overshadowed Rick Reuschel's 25th career shutout.
It was pretty hot out there.
Periodically, they send a team from the chateau to this country and anywhere else in the world where there are Lafite collectors.
The Robertson novel, titled ''The Ideal, Genuine Man,'' is about a retired Houston truck driver whose wife is dying of cancer and who is himself trying to survive in a society hostile to the elderly.
The foundation was created by Tony Martell, a vice president of CBS Associated Labels, a division of CBS Records Inc., in memory of his son Tony, who died of leukemia.
Units that attach centrally to forced-air heating systems may also cause problems if they hold a reservoir of stagnant water.
In her singing, Ms. McCrae focuses as much on lyrics as on tunes, and she's selective about the types of material she interprets.
And it had dropped to 1.6740 West German marks, from 1.6770.
Viewers' responses to the movie, to its period details, even to its state of mind, he said, will depend on the associations they bring to it.
The maker of photocopiers and other business products reported that its second-quarter profit increased to $167 million, or $1.59 a share, from $154 million, or $1.44 a share, a year earlier.
Patrick Ewing led the Knicks with 25 points; he scored 14 of them in the final quarter.
Many of the beneficiaries of this new rental housing are likely to be older childless people or younger singles or smaller households.
Because of the nature of the pneumonia, which is rare except in AIDS patients, it has been difficult to diagnose without invasive procedures that often require anesthetics and minor surgery.
There are patches of forlorn beauty in the eastern Ozarks.
33 Points for Seikaly Syracuse improved its record to 15-5 while the Wolverines of the Big Ten dropped to 17-3.
Although the over-the-counter market was also criticized in the wake of Black Monday, the chaos in O-T-C issues did not really begin until Oct. 20, the last day examined by the Brady panel.
[ Doren Miller, general manager of Radio Cayman, told the A.P.
This summer, volunteers are to start work in Guinea-Bissau and Cape Verde.
Republicans - Gingrich, no; Swindall, no.
Nearby were petitions asking publication of his works here.
''The Russians have poise and maturity,'' John Thompson, the United States coach, had warned.
Until such values as international respect, true amateurism and guaranteed security for all athletes and spectators are restored, I cannot follow, with good conscience, the leadup to the Olympics.
Cambridge, Mass: Harvard University Press.
And I feel kind of sentimental about the state: My grandparents bought me my first club sandwich at the old Traymore Hotel in Atlantic City.
The remaining portion of the extraordinary item has been reclassified as a reduction of income taxes.
At the close of the cash market, the benchmark Treasury bonds, the 9 percent issue maturing in 2018, were at an offered price of 101 2/32, up 11/ 32 on the day.
The House Appropriations Committee is trying to ride to the rescue of movie directors and others who want to stop their black-and-white masterpieces from being colored.
The commission did not penalize the school for the dismissal of two employees who discussed reactor safety with the Federal agency.
b-Includes a gain of $541,000 from an extraordinary item for both the quarter and 6 months.
A crackle of gunfire was heard, and then it quickly stopped.
A Kansas judge issued a permanent injunction yesterday barring a man's doctors from informing his former wife that he had tested positive for the AIDS virus.
The set designer, John Lee Beatty, jazzes up the surreal denouement in which the author, in a typical upending of conventional dramatic form, shuffles reality and hallucination to vertigo-inducing effect.
But in the last few years it has eased into more private matters, family relations and the search for domestic contentment.
Muscovites' grinding concerns about living space, food rations, reputation infuse the story, and the details, whether in a dance hall or on a building site, stamp it with authenticity.
More than 30 booths inside and out will contain handcrafts, plants, gourmet foods, toys and collectibles for sale.
''It is done by independent and in-house corporate lawyers sitting down with corporate officers and counseling them on where the law exists.''
Tuesday evening's program at Merkin Concert Hall had many virtues, and the performances after the intermission were first-rate.
Boston went ahead in the second when Todd Benzinger walked and scored on singles by Gedman and Larry Parrish.
Spring and summer are the busiest times.
''Many people were ignoring their land and working in rural industries.
Circuits embedded in the silicon on the rim of the diaphragm measure the amount of deflection.
That may cost the consumer years of warranty protection because many car manufacturers limit performance guarantees to drivers who use manufacturer-authorized parts for all repairs.
'Standing Up for Principles' Louis Clark, executive director of the Government Accountability Project, which tries to protect whistle blowers' jobs and provides them with legal help, said whistle blowers were ''no longer being identified as tattletales and finks and the like, but as people who are standing up for their principles.''
The Treasury said yesterday that it intends to increase the size of its weekly bill auctions to $14.4 billion, from $14 billion.
At least six Palestinians were shot to death by Israeli soldiers today, marking the highest toll of any day since the Palestinian protests began nearly four months ago.
The Politburo slots were filled by younger members, all strong reformers.
A fax machine can send an 8 1/2-by-11-inch letter in about 20 seconds anywhere in the world for the cost of a telephone call.
MR. CARROLL and many other planners are urging clients to put a significant portion of their assets into real estate, either through direct ownership, real estate investment trusts (known as REIT's) or limited partnerships.
''I have registered more Democrats than any other Democrat alive,'' Mr. Jackson told about 200 major New Jersey supporters in Newark this morning before flying here.
The General Assembly voted overwhelmingly today to move its current session to Geneva later this month so that Yasir Arafat, chairman of the Palestine Liberation Organization, can address it.
One cannot answer all the questions that tease Mr. Welch and other prospective collectors except possibly with another question: Isn't a measure of mystery part of the business and pleasure of collecting art?
The legal dispute was the main reason Texaco entered Chapter 11 last April.
He offers Molly alternatives to prison.
Past performers - many of the Dominican Republic's major stars - are displayed in rows of photographs above the bar.
In a surprise move, Hawaii's largest company, Amfac Inc., said today that it was halting its restructuring plan in midstream and was considering a management buyout proposal of $41 a share, or $913 million.
The test results said that I was strong in four areas - music, critical thinking, psychology and management.
Mobile, based in Jackson, Miss., provides cellular telephone and paging services.
The Mayor was severely criticized at the Council meeting.
She said that negotiations on the platform would continue through the weekend and that she expected an amicable resolution.
''The size of your left ventricle is going to be the price you pay for high blood pressure and overweight,'' Dr. Castelli said.
Victor Kimm, acting assistant administrator of the agency in charge of pesticides, cautioned against trying to draw national conclusions from the statistics.
It's linear television in a nonlinear world.
I have not yet begun to fight.''
Lafleur was 11th on the career goal-scoring list with 518 goals, 14th in assists, and 11th in overall scoring with 1,246 points when he left the league.
And will The Post-Journal let the governor get away with that?
Power plant Three 1,500-horsepower diesel engines that drive a single propeller while traveling on the surface.
In a standard blues show, slower and faster tunes alternate until the peak of the set - a slow, aching, desperate song that stares into the abyss - followed by an uptempo finale.
So - thanks for the tanks.
Steve Bigelow, 17, of Pensacola, the youngest member of the United States men's team, qualified 15th in 2:03.64 and barely made the eight-man consolation final.
The experiment was conducted by the Center for Design of Industrial Schedules, a nonprofit organization directed by Dr. Charles A. Czeisler, an associate professor of medicine at the Harvard Medical School who is associated with Brigham and Women's Hospital.
The near cease-fire was described by someone close to the Lebanese security forces as ''a lull to give a better chance for political negotiations to proceed in a calmer atmosphere.''
The number of unemployed in New Jersey remained steady at 156,000, compared with the prior month and November 1987.
The 9 1/8 percent Treasury bonds due in 2018 rose less than a quarter-point and were offered late in the day at 99 25/32 to yield about 9.14 percent.
The difference between the two ethnic groups is insignificant.
Originally swamp land, the area was filled in during the 30's, after Frederic B. Pratt and Alfred T. White gave the property to the city for a park.
The ad budget is $3.5 million, and the assignment is worldwide.
On Tuesday, Mr. Jackson moved many Democratic delegates to tears with his poignant personal story: ''I understand,'' he said, ''when nobody knows your name or when others call you 'outcast.'
Using the prongs of a fork crimp the edge to seal.
Dickens's plea for human charity is blunt in ''A Christmas Carol,'' but his message is tied to these psychological truths.
While the committee chairman, Senator Sam J. Ervin Jr., was the one who called himself ''a simple country lawyer,'' it was Mr. Thompson, with his mellifluous Tennessee drawl, who most seemed to embody one.
''My kids now, they see someone lying on a bench, they don't say anything any more,'' she said.
(In the original National Theater production in 1975, the character was played by Diana Rigg.)
''The company would be very short-sighted if it built on the so-called superstars.
And I wonder what Engelbert will be singing then.
Japanese 'Are More Confident' But they were also a measure of how urgently Japanese officials have moved to clear away obstacles to making the Tokyo exchange a premier world market, alongside London and New York.
Les Meredith, the captain of a charter fishing boat in Brighton, England, had been through a hurricane a year ago and guessed correctly that Jamaica would be in fine shape for a vacation this month.
Devotees of freighter travel often lament that while the cruise trade to familiar ports appears to be flourishing, the availability of off-beat freighter trips seems to be diminishing.
''I personally have a problem with sentimentalized human beings in cinema,'' she adds.
It is because Israel's leaders realize they can't just let things keep deteriorating that they are trying again for a major party coalition.
Under fast-track procedures, Congress then has 90 legislative days to vote either yes or no on the changes as a complete and integrated package without amendments.
His nine runs for 58 yards during a 13-play, 81-yard Cowboys drive was decisive, as Steve Pelluer capped the drive with a 1-yard scoring dive with 4 minutes 59 seconds left.
The director's hope is that a shock of recognition can be applied to the seats of the normally complacent ''Tannhauser'' audience.
Because they are angry, however, they have yet to pay.
''I'm not sure myself what I'm going to be doing once I'm up there,'' said Jordan.
Since 1980 Purgatory Pie has been producing limited-edition books and a subscription series of art postcards.
The bodies of two men were recovered at Pearl Pass, 17 miles southwest of Aspen.
''Everybody has numbers, and politics can dictate which they use,'' said Cynthia Green, senior research associate with the Citizen's Budget Commission.
Ms. Bhutto said that she told the President and General Beg of her fears that ''ruthless elements'' were trying to subvert that process.
Mr. Goode said he was pleased that ''two grand juries have fully investigated this matter and have reached a point of no criminality involved.''
In his dressing room in London's Old Vic Theater, where he was playing Prospero in Jonathan Miller's staging of ''The Tempest'' last month, Mr. von Sydow, wearing a cardigan and serving a visitor tea, recalled growing up in the 1930's and seeing the way people lived in the Swedish countryside at the time, which had changed little from the turn-of-the-century period treated in the film.
''Harvey creates a forum at Harvard where people from different environments and religious traditions can talk to each other,'' says Jane Redmont, a Roman Catholic writer and former editor of the Harvard Divinity Bulletin.
It served as the master planner for the South Street Seaport and was the architect for its museum block.
Mr. Rehm, who will be president and chief executive, said yesterday that there were no plans in the short run to have a chief operating officer.
''The reality is that young people and artists are different now than they were in the last decade.
There is a purposefulness in the casual, seemingly haphazard elements of Warhol's films - the enhanced graininess, shots that waver in and out of focus, visible sprocket holes and flares (overexposed sections) at the ends of reels and the interaction of off-screen voices with those on screen.
''When this happens to two in one day, you can't ignore that dying is a part of the job.''
The city sandblasted the sidewalk clean.
Green Beans and Tomato Vinaigrette 3/4 pound fresh green beans Salt to taste 2 teaspoons Dijon-style mustard 1/2 teaspoon minced garlic 2 tablespoons red-wine vinegar 4 tablespoons olive or vegetable oil Freshly ground pepper to taste 1/8 teaspoon ground cumin 2 tablespoons chopped fresh basil or chives 3 red ripe tomatoes, about 1 pound, sliced 1/4 inch thick 1/4 cup finely chopped red onion.
But when she expressed interest in liposuction, he refused to do the operation.
After the Sandinista takeover, Soviet Communist leaders ceased to recognize the Socialist Party as their official representative in Nicaragua, and signed a party-to-party agreement with the Sandinista Front.
Repayment begins immediately, at a monthly rate of about $12 for every $1,000 borrowed.
The military has been given the responsibility of distributing the arriving food and tents, the Ambassador said, because ''civilian transportation is practically immobile and because of the acute shortage of fuel.''
He was very direct about what he thought should go into storage.
A memorial service is being planned.
Because of their family histories, these architects also share a singular attitude toward the city.
LEAD: *3*** COMPANY REPORTS ** *3*CELL TECHNOLOGY Qtr to Jan 31 1988 1987 Revenue 87,278 18,385 Net loss 711,400 156,442 9mo rev 186,383 1,116,147 Net loss 1,923,306 84,240 View Full Article in Timesmachine 
Gary avoided a group of Wolverine linebackers in his pass pattern, received the help of a block by Dawkins, and cut up the right sideline for a 48-yard touchdown to make the score 30-28.
Mr. Ceausescu said the land was needed for the expansion of agriculture, but Hungarians said the move would destroy the culture of two million Hungarians in Rumania.
It was approved last month by an advisory committee to the Food and Drug Administration and will be marketed to prevent stomach ulcers in patients taking certain arthritis drugs.
Panel Assails Surrogacy A New York State task force recommended that surrogate motherhood contracts be declared void and that payments to surrogates and surrogacy brokers be banned.
On the Phone Election Night Mr. Greer, back in Washington, was in touch by telephone most of election night, conferring with Genaro Arrigada, the Chilean coordinator of the No forces.
Michael S. Dukakis of Massachusetts nationwide, 53 percent to 40 percent, Mr. Dukakis's supporters are not yet strongly committed to him.
''I think that their leadership could do a lot more than they have to help us here,'' Mr. Yirmiah said.
When oil prices fell in 1986, they took Wetco and much of Alaska's economy down with them.
It later emerged that, during the days that Miss Brawley was missing, neighbors at the Pavillion condominium complex believe they heard activity in the Brawleys' former apartment at least once.
Mother picks her up and puts the little girl on her hip.
And Honduras, she said, is caught in the middle.
Moreover, tenant ownership alone cannot guarantee decent housing; a building's income must be able to support maintenance and services over time.
Walton was more positive today in nominating Ryan to start again in place of Ken O'Brien next Sunday, when the Jets face the Miami Dolphins at Giants Stadium.
So I had to leave.''
In fact, the Soviet Union was probably producing a small number of quiet propellers for its submarine fleet using less-capable milling machines obtained from Forest Line, the Paris-based machinery company, in a transaction that became known after the Toshiba disclosures.
It needs a Presidential candidate, from any part of the country, who will forcefully make the case for such policies.
Attack on Democratic Leaders Aiming his comments clearly at Mr. Dukakis, Mr. Bush said that liberal Democrats were ''so blinded by their ideology they can't see the human costs of this kind of social experiment.''
And neither of you had much time for the kids, who spent most of their school vacation watching television and messing up the house.
''I was at the barn talking when I was told that a young girl had come out who would like to meet me.
It is presented as part of the composer's 70th-birthday celebration, on a program that also includes music of Mendelssohn and Beethoven.
When their playing days are over, retirement is not always rosy for former major leaguers, especially those who ended their careers before the era of big contracts and comfortable pensions.
The Kosovo police said they had also seized arms and ammunition, as well as printing equipment and leaflets, in the course of the arrests.
Vice President Bush said today that his military spending goals were consistent with those that had restored the nation's ''diplomatic credibility.''
So that Friday they went back to their home in Ronks, Pennsylvania, out near Harrisburg.''
Survival Rate Has Fallen According to the fisheries center, the survival rate for Georges Bank cod has fallen from about 65 percent in 1978 to 30 percent last year.
The jury's verdict also raised questions about Lilco's agreement with New York to abandon Shoreham.
This year, however, Ottawa said it had other duties for the planes.
The falling house of cards hurt lenders the most.
The new-look free agency part of the remedies could also set a precedent for subsequent grievances and free agents, including Tim Raines, Andre Dawson and Jack Morris from the 1986 group.
''The head of the company said they would sell to us.
The car radio was stolen; he was confronted by a gang of teen-agers in the subway; his teen-age daughter was assaulted by a gang of older boys, one of whom held a knife to her throat; his wife was knocked to the ground by another gang after they had stolen her purse by using a knife to cut its strap.
So far, New York has accounted for about one in four of the nation's cases of AIDS, and city officials estimate that about 200,000 New Yorkers are infected.
Bank of New York's failure to replace Irving's board means it cannot dismantle poison-pill defenses.
''The Blue Period profits from the sentimentality that gives it a kind of popular, kitschy appeal, which disappears from Picasso's later work,'' said William Rubin, the director emeritus of the department of painting and sculpture at the Museum of Modern Art.
Since the Bhopal tragedy, Union Carbide has laid off more than 1,000 employees, and vacated about 300,000 feet of its 1.3-million-square-foot headquarters building in Danbury, Conn. ''We realized that we needed to accept a few good neighbors,'' Mr. Barton said.
I think we're a cold-weather team, and we're fortunate we've got our last three games at home.''
The result would be to dilute the shares held by the acquirer so that it could not gain a controlling interest in Federated.
More potent in law-enforcement terms are the civil provisions of the law, which allow the Government to seize property unilaterally pending a civil hearing.
'Better Than Losing' Mr. Linsey said: ''We are extremely pleased with the judge's decision.
The merger, which was approved by the companies in April 1987, hinged on the approval of holders of at least two-thirds of the combined common and preferred stock.
''Our position was that because of the distance involved and the fact that the prom was being held on the water and in a remote area, a higher standard of care for the students was necessary,'' Dr. Larson said.
In Ms. King's paintings, the scene is transformed.
A20 The index of key indicators edged up two-tenths of 1 percent in April, in line with expectations and in its third consecutive advance.
With the existing system, the parkway is virtually reduced to a one-lane highway in many sections during the rush hour.
It is hard to foresee what the consequences will be once a now-graying baby-boom generation passes the 40-year-old mark and is unwilling to accept such a stigma passively.
Thank you all very, very much.
In all of this Mr. Fischer-Dieskau ''played the crowd'' in a way that assumed the best of it.
backs who gained 100 or more.
He calculated that the systemwide shortage was $1.5 billion.
We're here to fill a niche in the community, but we're not trying to become another Hartman.''
Dominated by such composers as Brahms, Liszt, Mozart, Mahler, Ravel, Schubert, Schumann and Sibelius, his concerts for the first season gave a strong indication of his programming plans.
If New Zealand has any chance of winning, it will be in these two legs.
Yet even when Dr. John and Bonnie Raitt sang with the band, the Thunderbirds couldn't swing.
Serbs are Yugoslavia's largest population group, numbering more than eight million.
Credit cards: All major cards.
Mario Martinez, the American who won the silver medal in 1984 when Eastern-bloc countries did not compete, finished fourth with 407.5 kilograms (898 1/4 pounds).
He owns an expensive apartment in Manhattan and a pre-Revolutionary home in Sharon, Conn.
Finding on Conspiracy Charge Judge Sarokin had refused to dismiss the conspiracy charge, holding in an opinion in April that the jury could reasonably find from the evidence ''a tobacco industry conspiracy, vast in its scope, devious in its purpose and devastating in its results.''
He finally got his first victory in over three years when he won the last and richest tournament of 1987 - the $2 million Nabisco Championship at San Antonio.
He left Princeton University in his junior year to become an actor.
Therefore, the assumption is that his work is not really serious.
Murray Abraham FluteTim Perez StarvelingSteve Hofvendahl SnoutJoe Zaloom SnugPeter Appel PuckGeorffrey Owens OberonCarl Lumbly TitaniaLorraine Toussaint PeaseblossomGwendolyn J. Shepherd CobwebTorri Whithead MustardseedSara Erde ChangelingMandla Msomi Oberon's followersRon Dortch, David Calloway, Byron Easley
Besides, loopholes in the statute's implementation are likely, if not inevitable.
I get allergic smelling hay.
A S WE WERE LEAVING THE house after coffee, Maggie and Michael with various bags of typescripts and books, Maggie asked Michael, ''Do you have Chapter 16?''
They say the Texaco case is part of a growing crackdown on the way multinational companies account for sales of products and services between subsidiaries, and between subsidiaries and the parent company.
But her worn, wobbly soprano occasionally proved a distraction, as did her tendency to act with an out-of-place flightiness.
In 1986, he managed the start-up of Interiors That Lease, a supplier of carpeting and wall covering to property-management companies.
In an effort to prevent what they charge are unnecessary hysterectomies, some women's groups are now trying to get states to pass laws mandating that women be told of the side effects of the operation and of alternatives.
Replacing them this week is the Shanghai String Quartet, recent winners of the Chicago Discovery Competition and now serving as teaching assistants to the Juilliard String Quartet.
The condition was devised by Senate Democrats because of a dispute over the Administration's efforts to apply a new interpretation of the 1972 antiballistic missile treaty.
Easy Goer smoothly drew away from Is It True to score by four lengths in the Champagne, but Some Romance needed to go all out to hold off an unheralded entrymate, Open Mind, to win the Frizette by a nose.
Mobil had moved part of the company 10 years ago.
The revelry is supposed to have taken place in the neighboring Castello Poggio Gherardo.
The investment group led by Donald J. Trump, the developer, and Steven Roth has raised its stake in Alexander's Inc. above 50 percent for the first time, to 54.4 percent from 49 percent.
It may be his new extra-long, 50-inch putter.
They showed a May deficit of $10.7 billion, up somewhat from April's $10.2 billion level and the March deficit of $9.5 billion.
The main benefit to be derived from the radar satellite, these experts said, is that space images can now be gathered whenever the satellite is over its target, regardless of weather or time of day.
Judge Barrington D. Parker of Federal District Court in Washington issued a temporary restraining order, in response to lawsuits from the Air Line Pilots Association and the International Association of Machinists and Aerospace Workers.
Senator Albert Gore, Jr. of Tennessee took the day off.
ON Oct. 1, the state Department of Health's Division of Maternal and Child Care will undertake what one state official has called ''the most ambitious program in the country for fighting Fetal Alcohol Syndrome,'' the leading known cause of mental retardation.
When he returned to Rochester as a marketing executive in 1976, he was appalled that no one at headquarters was even tracking market share.
We will still have her to kick around for a while, but it is not too soon to acknowledge a job well done.
Before April 30, City's last victory was a 12-1 decision over York College in early May of 1979.
The 82d Airborne Division has a reputation for its ability to be dispatched anywhere in the world within hours.
An Analyst's View ''It looks like a Labor-led government is out of the question,'' said Shlomo Avineri, a leading political scientist at Hebrew University who leans toward Labor.
The southerners have formed Concerned Citizens of Toxic Ponca City, and have held bake sales to raise money for independent laboratory tests.
The Census Bureau predicts there will be 34 million Americans over age 65 by 1995, up from 29 million in 1985.
POET AT WORK One hundred items from the Rosenbach Museum and Library's Marianne Moore archive in Philadelphia will be on exhibit beginning at 10 A.M. Wednesday at the Folger Shakespeare Library, 201 East Capitol Street, S.E., Washington.
INTERNATIONAL A3-15 Sandinista and contra leaders offered differing proposals for a cease-fire during their second day of talks at a southern border outpost.
Suddenly, the background music changes to a waltz.
And Ezer Weizman, a Minister Without Portfolio, and two of his followers were guaranteed high spots on the ticket, as part of a deal to keep him in the party.
Tickets are $25; $20 for center members, and half price for children and the elderly.
The show, which will not travel, marks the 75th birthday of Sir John Pope-Hennessy, until lately the consultative chairman of the Met's European paintings department.
''With David Cone on the staff and that kid Gregg Jefferies in the lineup, they've got even more pitching and speed than they did when they beat us.''
American officials said they intended to make no new proposals of their own, and would merely listen to what the Soviet leader has to say.
Harvey Fierstein, Betty Buckley, Len Cariou and Gotham will be some of the performers at the 8 P.M. benefit for the Gay Men's Health Crisis.
Despite the tremendous increase in the cost of things and the increase in retirement benefits, are we living better than our parents did?
Leading the attack on this measure have been Mr. Waxman, the chairman of the health subcommittee of the Education and Labor Committee, whose members also compromise 10 of the 40 House conferees.
That would speed growth and create the economic capacity now to pay for the looming retirement burden.
Strauss fought for a no-contest plea to a conspiracy charge.
On this basis, the trade deficit with Japan eased about $100 million in April, to $4.4 billion, and the deficit with Western Europe also eased about $100 million, to $800 million.
Because of this agreement, there has been no controversy over the budget this year.
I've got one lady who filled her windshield wiper dispenser with vodka and rigged the line so the hose comes inside the car.
Soviet law requires a 90-day waiting period, he said, but he cannot get a visa for that long.
Hilda Webster of Middlesex, Vt., remembered dancing to Mr. Weed's band as a postwar bride.
By contrast, Geraldo Rivera's tasteless interviews with convicted murderers and the families of their victims demonstrate the potential for exploitation.
Fred Couples opened today's third round of the Phoenix Open with an eagle 2 on the first hole, then sank a 40-foot birdie putt on the second.
Ponytail Power Woods contends he gets his power from his ponytail.
''To call the performance of Mexico 'full cooperation' is to make a mockery of the courageous sacrifice of brave men as well as a mockery of the drug laws,'' Mr. Wilson said.
Mikhail Gorbachev challenges the United States to reshape world politics, and neither George Bush nor Michael Dukakis answers with ideas of interest and weight.
Cover the grill with its hood or a makeshift lid of tin foil and roast for 20 minutes, basting frequently, or until a thermometer inserted into the thickest part of the loin reads 110 degrees.
Ms. Traub also received an array of pamphlets.
An extraordinary LVMH shareholder meeting scheduled for this Thursday could resolve the matter.
A member of Friends and Advocates of the Mentally Ill - as NAMI is known in New York - she found that ''everybody at the FAMI meetings talked about how the parents felt - the tragedy they had - but not about the siblings.''
I didn't just rely on my memory.
In July 1983, I was inducted into the class of 1987 at the United States Naval Academy.
The Federal Government has seized illegal weight-reducing kits with a retail value of $22.5 million, according to the Food and Drug Administration.
The Israelis are determined to lay hands on one of the formidable MIG planes recently passed to Iraq by the Soviet Union.
Tyson declined to reveal details of his business arrangement with King.
Jose Nassar added 11 points for the Longhorns (9-10, 3-4).
Although Valentine's Day has no historical or religious significance, it has nonetheless endured.
''That's good,'' Baylor said, ''but there are a lot of agitators on this club now.
But we also know how to make a profit from hotels.''
She had spoken several times to Margaret Court of Australia, who won the Grand Slam in 1970, and fully appreciated its significance.
''Look, I've demanded a winner, right?''
Need to Understand Each Other A former director of the agency, Richard A. Ericson Jr., described the commission as ''a little rock sticking up in the current of the relationship'' between Japan and the United States.''
A felony conviction would end his 28-year legislative career.
According to Greek police officials, the plan apparently went wrong when two of the terrorists were accidentally blown up as they drove arms and explosives to the vessel.
Mr. Portal was backed by a trio that included the pianist Joachim Kuhn, the bassist J. F. Jenny-Clark, and the drummer Daniel Humair.
''He started putting it together this year,'' Connors said yesterday from St. Petersburg, Fla. ''He had command of his pitches and he got aggressive and went after the hitters.
His mother, Phyllis H. Edwards, is the office manager for the Wittek Development Company of Norwalk, Conn.
He cited a bias against equity financing, pointing out that companies pay taxes on their profits and then stockholders pay taxes on the profits again through the income they receive in dividends.
Baseball METS (NL) - Named Bob O'Hara traveling secretary and Gary Cohen radio announcer.
''I had the KGB to thank for allowing me to appreciate Frolov's life fully.
For example, there has been virtually unanimous Congressional support for supplying and arming Afghan guerrillas since the Soviet military occupation began in 1979.
That is, he's 53 inches tall and weighs 53 pounds.
The work did not violate any Federal rules, Dr. Weissman said.
Feb. 27 - Officer Edward Byrne, 22 years old, a rookie, was shot and killed execution-style while he was guarding the home of a witness in a drug case in South Jamaica, Queens.
''We also provide snowboarding lessons here.''
The stage appeared set for changes that might put Bulgaria far ahead of the more cautious pace adopted by Mikhail S. Gorbachev, the Soviet leader.
more than 20 years ago, will sing works by Scarlatti, Mozart, Richard Strauss, Schubert, Dvorak, Rimsky-Korsakov and Hugo Wolf in a recital Sunday at 2 P.M. at Weill Recital Hall.
Most of his books were novels, although Doubleday published his biography of Luke Short, an author of Westerns.
In the same month, Mr. Olson accepted a position on the Mercy College board of trustees.
We made a $30 donation to our favorite charity and got ''The Book.''
No senior Government officials attended the premiere, but several Sandinista artists, including two poets, Carlos Rigby and Gioconda Belli, were there, as was a strong contingent from the Soviet Embassy led by Ambassador Vaino Vialias.
Oedipus (Manhong Kang), triumphant over the Sphinx, mounts a great flight of stairs in royal robes to claim Jocasta (Valois), whose gown billows over the very walls like a vast tapestry, and their joy is a startling innovation - has Oedipus ever smiled?
The Assembly today passed a bill, 92 to 43, that would require stadiums in New York City, Buffalo and Nassau County to set aside six percent of their seats as ''alcohol free'' by 1992.
In the past six years, Mr. Little has been officially criticized or disciplined over improper contacts with juvenile defendants, according to reports made public in 1985.
Watson is there to be used when needed.
But many are from families where both parents work.
Palestinian reaction to compromise is perhaps the most important distinction between occupations.
He is deaf and learning disabled and until he came to work as a stockman almost two years ago he had never in his 27 years held a job for any considerable length of time.
The musicians who assembled at Alice Tully Hall on Tuesday evening to celebrate the legacy of the jazz drummer Max Roach represented musical worlds that rarely meet on a concert stage.
The narrator tries to remember who Truman's opponent was in that election year -''surely it had been Dewey, not Smith.''
The white authorities disqualified him for owing them back rent, so his son Butane is running instead.
Since 1982, supermarket sales have increased to 87 percent of all grocery purchases, from 75 percent, court papers show.
''A lot of companies bought small amounts of stock in the first week when the prices were low,'' said Abby Joseph Cohen, an investment policy analyst at Drexel Burnham.
Mr. Allday believes he has the inside track because he has known Mr. Snelson, a local advertising executive, for 35 years.
Bicycles and car stereo systems have been stolen on occasion, and there have been some shoplifting and vandalism.
Marcel Riou, the owner of La Vieille Auberge in the middle of the block, said the trouble had also become worse because of a decrease in police patrols in recent months, despite repeated pleas by the restaurant owners.
She had those leaves in a hibachi, making it cooking, not burning.
The bride, who will keep her name, is the manager of Frame Central, a Boston art framing concern.
We get only the most passionless description of her departure from the Rockefeller staff when her forthright advice was no longer welcome.
Mr. Hutcherson has taken a different tack as he has matured.
That immediately caused a split between the younger players and the more senior ones.
Let's say you're a guest in Cincinnati.
86-1415, grew out of a series of legal actions beginning with a suit against the city in 1984 by groups of Hispanic and black police officers.
In 1972, Mr. Arison turned to a former schoolmate, Meshulam Riklis, who then owned the American International Travel Service, a Boston-based travel conglomerate.
For nearly 30 years, Mr. Strachwitz has carried his tape recorder into cotton fields, seedy clubs and community dance halls to preserve the kinds of music that, he says, ''just spoke to me.''
''It's not about him, sir,'' a first-year law student says earnestly to Resnik, ''it's about due process.''
''Many companies want students who can complete a project during the summer,'' she said, adding that she believed the number of summer investment banking internships was down sharply.
I've heard just about every excuse imaginable here.''
There was a promising sign next to its entrance, a current endorsement by an Alsatian gastronomic society.
The primary focus of the investigation continues to be on two men, Lorenzo (Fat Cat) Nichols, a jailed drug dealer, and Howard (Pappy) Mason, an associate.
But Arledge said in a news conference that ABC would bid for the rights to the 1992 Olympic Winter Games in Albertville, France.
After dark at Yongsan Station, prostitutes line the streets, tugging on the arms of men passing by.
''Architecture and furniture were man's domain,'' she said.
The districts of Ferozepore, Jullundur and Amritsar were among those hardest hit.
THE use of price subsidies by the Port Authority of New York and New Jersey to lure fishing boats to the New York Fishport has angered Cape May fish packers who say the tactic is hurting their business.
In fact, there is just about universal agreement that they need to be preserved at a high level for future generations to enjoy.
For the information of your readers, Fairleigh Dickinson University, in Rutherford, N.J., offers an accelerated program track that enables non-nurses with a bachelor's degree in any field to complete their B.S.
If not, get in touch with the state health department or regional E.P.A.
Army Shakeup Demanded Colonel Seineldin, who recently returned to Argentina from as assignment as a military trainer in Panama, demanded a shakeup in the army leadership and the release of former military leaders now serving sentences for the torture and political killings that occurred during the 1976-83 military regime.
Bomb explosions rocked a British Army barracks in West Germany early today, slightly wounding nine soldiers, the army said.
A1 News Analysis: Can Jackson win?
Banking on the Next Life One temple sponsor, a white-haired and frail-looking man named Guru Prasad, said his wife had died in childbirth years ago, leaving him with no family to help him through life.
Never mind the fact that many Tour regulars go years without winning a tournament, and some of them never win one.
A $3,500 donation from a local pediatrician covered start-up costs; donations to the Good Samaritan Project pay to keep it going.
Polls taken for Newsweek magazine and for CBS News since the Republican National Convention ended almost a week ago show Mr. Bush not only pulling even with, but also overtaking Mr. Dukakis.
The other 200 participants will be a control group and will not receive needles, but rather counseling and education on the danger of sharing needles.
By 1940 he was a minister in the Churchill Government.
''Now they are getting more Lamston business in half the space and getting the Plymouth space for free, in essence.''
It stands in front of Legislative Hall, about 300 yards from Constitution Park.
''I don't know his thoughts exactly, but I don't think he will enjoy losing to a young Australian kid for the second time in a row,'' Woodforde guessed.
''Souvenir,'' in which an actual flashlight is affixed to the canvas, along with a dinner plate bearing a photograph of the artist, is a bitter meditation on the limitations of art, which can no more shed light on human suffering than can the flashlight in the photograph.
Ed Barbini, a spokesman for the Department of General Services, said: ''It turns out that when the headquarters was built, the waterproofing wasn't properly installed.
LEAD: *3*** COMPANY REPORTS ** *3* Southland Financial Corp (OTC) Qtr to March 31 1988 1987 Revenue 26,073,000 18,936,000 Net loss 19,086,000 8,866,000 View Full Article in Timesmachine 
A Need for a Defense Opponents of the insurance plan contend that the four million people in the United States who own radar detectors are, on the whole, safer, more alert drivers, and that detectors are a way to fight speed limits that are set solely to raise revenues.
After a four-year absence from lower Manhattan, the Whitney Museum of American Art will again have a downtown outpost when its newest branch opens Monday at 2 Federal Reserve Plaza.
'' Albert Finney, another ''Orphans'' alumnus, from the London stage and film version, is reading the new script.
* Women are ''free moral agents responsible before Almighty God for their actions, including the exercise of the rights of their innocent, unborn child.''
When I stayed there a few months later I experienced no feeling of claustrophobia or any feeling that my privacy was at stake.
(2) Addicts form the main reservoir for the spread of AIDS; it is among them that the battle against AIDS must be fought.
19 did mark the end of the 1980's as far as New York City is concerned,'' he said, ''but only because it ushered in a new era of intense competition, not only among industries but among cities as well.''
The Soviet poet Yevgeny Yevtushenko continues to display a knack for sensing when changes in the Kremlin's view of the past are about to affect the future.
One Latin American diplomat said the purpose of the Armitage visit ''was similar to that of Paul Laxalt in the Philippines,'' referring to the trip in October 1985 by Mr. Laxalt, a confidant of President Reagan who was then a senator from Nevada.
She served five years in jail and eight in internal exile before being freed after the Allied invasion of Italy.
There are plenty of them, though: the pair has recorded Beethoven and Grieg for German EMI; Wolf and Schoeck for Claves; Brahms for Bayer; Loewe and a mixed French program for Teldec, and Hindemith, Ravel, Pfitzner, Spohr and songs with obbligato instruments for Orfeo.
That a scholar of Mr. Rustow's standing could defend the invasion and continued occupation of Cyprus is indeed unfortunate.
Or was it Fortas himself, a man of ''contradictions,'' perhaps the most damaging of which was that while he had the ''intellect'' to be a judge, he lacked ''the temperament'' to ''be removed from the political fray, out of the action''?
''People who live in neighborhoods where development is going on,'' he said, ''find these kinds of amenities to be a way of dealing with problems they have been waiting for ages to get taken care of by a city where there's a shortage of funds, to get things done - parks, schools, libraries.''
Jazz has long had a strong revivalist streak, exemplified this year in the retrospective-heavy JVC Jazz Festival and by Lincoln Center's brilliant addition to its summer programming, Classical Jazz.
Through five rounds, Tillis was on the defensive, hardly throwing a punch, as Holyfield, who weighed 202 pounds, pounded him with his best shots.
The riders have been striking for increased payments that the horse owners as a group will not grant them.
Mr. Oppenheimer, Bob Carroll Jr. and Madelyn Pugh Davis wrote ''I Love Lucy'' in 1951 in response to a request from a CBS executive, Harry Ackerman, to create a show for Lucille Ball and her husband, Desi Arnaz.
Ultimately you become one person.
You have a clear objective.
In spite of the whispering, Mr. Kelly of Lanston & Company and Mr. Kudlow of Bear, Stearns, who served in the Carter and Reagan Administrations, respectively, both affirmed the belief that Mr. Greenspan would not give in to political pressure and would continue to steer an independent course.
Reporting Up Over 15 Years A survey last month by the Justice Department's Bureau of Justice Statistics reported that 37 percent of serious crimes were reported to police agencies last year, as against 32 percent when the bureau's survey was instituted in 1973.
Mr. Marion, 42 years old, was on the second floor of the four-story building with a contractor, witnesses said, when the vocational counselor, William Brown, came down from the third floor.
The Nets open Nov. 4 at home against Atlanta.
(Bakers who sold short-weight bread were pulled through the streets on a hurdle for all to see.)
I remember the great, famous Dust Bowl of 1936, and I have a hunch that this is more widespread.''
Step 7: From Uruguay, the money is transferred as cash into Colombia.
In the first section, the creature responds to visual objects.
I have excellent sources at both departments; recently, after I described the Soviet radar facility at Krasnoyarsk as an illegal ''phrased-array, battle-management radar,'' hordes of arms-control junkies wrote to tell me to drop the r in ''phrased'' - the term is phased array, referring to communications technology in which an array of antenna elements can be used in phases to vary signal directions without moving the antenna.
''But we still want to get into Texas.
A. Tittle and Joe Namath in past years.''
Horse of the Year Candidates The question now is which one of the divisional champions will be named the Horse of the Year.
The Federal Home Loan Bank Board said it hoped to sponsor enough mergers or closings to reduce the number of savings associations in Texas by 100, from the current 281.
To bleed a hot-water radiator, first turn on the furnace and let the system reach normal operating level.
Hrbek tied the game at 1-1 with a home run in the sixth against Don August (4-3).
What we neglected to mention was that it was to be a doubleheader.
So we're still pretty skeptical of new technology down here in Ludd.
Puck has 10 to 12 sales people in Chicago and New York.
Judge Vining, in dismissing the jury, cited two pieces of campaign literature that he said could have reached potential jurors.
b-Included a $400,000 non-recurring expense related to the closing of the L.J.
A second scale evaluates the breadth of innovation in all areas of a person's life over time, which is seen as reflecting the motivation or propensity for creativity.
But there must be some mistake!
This third annual dealers' extravaganza - organized by Sanford L. Smith, the entrepreneur who also produces the Fall Antiques Show at Pier 92 - covers a full century of the decorative arts, from the Egyptian, Greek and Roman Revival eras of the 1860's and 70's to the post-World War II period that stretched into the 1960's.
The Jets went on to lose in double overtime.
He became chairman and chief executive of Formica in 1985, when it became an independent company.
Ice, and possibly snow, may come with the next deep freeze.
Previous discussions on the international conference centered exclusively on procedures, not outcomes.
To complicate matters, however, Wall Street investment advisers said there was a strong possibility that Mr. Perelman might try to buy two companies - one in this country and the other in Britain - with each takeover bid involving substantially more than $1 billion.
Again today, Mr. Meese's lawyers said he does not recall reading the 10-word portion of the 1985 memo dealing with the payments.
Visitors may tour nine rooms decorated in early 19th-century holiday style on Wednesday and next Thursday and Friday.
''Computer Viruses,'' by Ralph Roberts, is said to be the first book-length treatment of the problem, one that is a threat not just to the individual user but to the business, financial and even national defense communities.
At the heart of ''Kissing Cousins'' is the long friendship between Ms. Calisher and Katie Pyle, who was 15 years her senior and the daughter of a family whose ties to the Calishers go back to the 1800's, to the Jewish community in Richmond.
''We don't have much of a game plan,'' said Walton.
On her days off, they go skiing, take drives in the country, visit Tokyo Disneyland, or explore the older sections of Tokyo.
The statistics do not distinguish between fraternal twins, born of two separate eggs fertilized at the same time, and identical twins, born of one egg that divides into two embryos.
The poverty rate for female-headed households was 34.3 percent - more than a third.
c-Net income and after losses from discontinued operations of $255,000 for the quarter and $395,000 for the 6 months.
The exhibition, organized by Douglas Newton, chairman of the department of primitive art, and Mr. Barbier, is full of mystical, funerary and earthy images - squatting figures of men and women, crawling lizards, monsters, buffalo heads, ax handles and soul ships.
Heat gently until slightly thickened, but do not allow to boil.
In Minneapolis, Dr. Green gained a national reputation as an innovator by dismembering his district, planning in the minutest detail for its future and then putting it back together in a new configuration.
''They seemed to pull away from a team effort.''
He said he bought the hotel for $390 million and would upgrade it into ''the most luxurious hotel in the world.''
And poetry, but I don't want to mention poetry in the presence of Mr. Simpson).
Urging all Federated Department Stores divisions to streamline their operations, Robert Campeau has ordered Bloomingdale's to reduce its annual operating costs by $60 million through various economies, including staff cutbacks, executives in the retailing industry said yesterday.
The rowing equipment and 20 odd boathouses could be sold and the proceeds invested in a stadium for a real spectator sport: football.
Withdrawals must be made at a rate that insures all the money is withdrawn by the time they are actuarially expected to die.
Now they have been gathered together in a collection that reveals, among other things, that she is the alter ego of the magazine's editor, Joan Kron.
Herman Fountain, said in a telephone interview from Lucedale that he had taken a new child into the Bethel Home today and would continue to take any children dropped off by parents, the Biloxi Sun-Herald reported in its Sunday editions.
bid prices to the Bell Atlantic Corporation and the BellSouth Corporation.
Problem of Twin Deficits Mr. Greenspan urged development of Government policies to reduce both the nation's trade deficit and the Federal budget deficit.
And there was some awful hockey, most consistently in the defensive zone.
But that would not fly.
They were members of a hearty group of expectant souls from more than 30 towns in Bergen, Passaic, Hudson, Morris and Essex Counties who fought a messy snowstorm and messier traffic with one goal, to buy an affordable place to live.
One problem is the terminology.
Governor Cuomo should exercise that option, Mr. Manfredi said, for it will increase the loan money available.
The Nordiques score a 6-4 victory over Montreal Thursday night.
His mother, Sheila Williams, was in good condition with a foot wound.
Why does a mortal girl named Jesse feel such strange premonitions about her mysterious red-haired aunt, and why does she feel an overwhelming compulsion to attend the Vampire Lestat's rock concert?
If East wins the king and returns the deuce, the traditional play, the suit is blocked: East must win the fourth round, and the last spade in the West hand is shut out.
He was out for 19 days.
Bond prices were also helped yesterday by dimming prospects that the Treasury will have authority to auction more bonds in the November financing.
She might check out the new Central Park Zoo, antique shops or bookstores.
Attaching the sandpaper to the sander can be difficult, Mr. Wirsing said.
For years, the title of ''the hardest working man in show business'' has been claimed by the great soul singer James Brown.
Hired workers will soon be replaced by volunteers from the church and temple who will paint and reopen the rooms next month.
Walt's particular passion is Johnny, a dour young Mexican who hates what he calls faggots and queers, though he will sleep with Walt for $25 but not for $15, which is all Walt has at the moment.
But his brother had been there twice, and my father felt it was his patriotic duty to go also.
In last week's Vice-Presidential debate, for instance, Senator Lloyd Bentsen pointed to the Japanese purchase of more than a third of downtown Los Angeles as evidence of foreigners ''buying America on the cheap.''
Oink, oink, you're the biggest pig?''
The White Sox, who had scored just 28 runs in their previous 13 games, won for the third time in 14 games.
This would help people like an elderly California widow, wheelchair-bound but able to care for herself until she became bed-ridden.
Scores of rock bands owe the group intellectual royalties.
M. David Henkle, a lawyer and former assistant vice president of Prentice-Hall Inc., the publishing company, died Tuesday at his home in Teaneck, N.J.
''I couldn't possibly be more enthusiastic or optimistic about our artistic future,'' Richard Eyre, the National's new director, said before the celebration.
The Greek and Turkish Cypriot leaders said their meeting today had ''created a new opportunity for finding a just and lasting solution to the Cyprus problem.''
What this means, he said, is that ''the police have to do a better job involving people, at defining the difference between being vigilant and being a vigilante.''
Outside are about a dozen trailers and scores of heavy, thick electrical wires.
Leonard: That's what I'm saying.
Samuel Beckett's ''Company'' will be staged in the theater tomorrow at 8 and Sunday at 3 P.M. as part of a five-day Beckett festival; tickets are $10.
Federal District Judge Robert P. Aguilar has set the trial date for Aug. 14, 1989, with a pretrial conference on July 31 and the cutoff for discovery on April 3.
Akron 96, Brooklyn College 57 AKRON, Ohio (AP) - Ken Cullifer scored 17 points to lead five Akron players in double figures.
It isn't likely that anyone but Jacques d'Amboise would dream up a finale in which a cast of seeming thousands faces the audience and chants ''Oy, oy, vey'' at the top of its lungs.
The Swiss caretakers of her childhood, Dr. Ruth writes, drummed an indelible lesson into their charges: never complain.
One looks at him now and can still imagine what he must have been like when he took over for Noel Coward in ''The Vortex'' at the start of his career, over 60 years ago.
Indeed, experts and regulators view the refunds as a temporary, and somewhat superficial, solution to the fundamental problems in the options market exposed during the October market collapse.
Replacing Pat Cummings, who got into early foul trouble, Wilkins scored 24 points and had 10 rebounds against the Detroit Pistons, bringing chants of ''Eddie, Eddie,'' from the crowd.
The Giants, arriving in town in third place in the West, will open tonight with Mike Krukow pitching against Bob Ojeda.
The Soviets have promised to reduce the large Warsaw Pact tank and artillery inventory so worrisome to NATO.
The base was built in 1862 to protect stagecoach routes from Indians.
They occupy nearly half of the 80,000 square feet there.
Three video cameras record therapy sessions there.
Several advertising executives familiar with the account said that Mr. Gallo greatly respected Hal Riney, whose characters Frank Bartles and Ed Jaymes made Gallo's wine cooler the industry leader and whose spots for Gallo's varietals, featuring nostalgic homecoming scenes and narrated with Mr. Riney's silky voice, helped increase sales of these higher-priced wines.
''We are stakeholders in and board members of the party,'' Mr. Jackson said.
Mr. Hillerman is similarly attentive to descriptions of his characters.
's inspector general, which has begun a criminal investigation into the matter, it believes the G.S.A.
''What killed me was the run out there.''
It's the old adage: You take of your own end and the other end will take care of itself.''
Wave Hill is at 249th Street and Independence Avenue in the Riverdale section.
Trips to Emergency Room In the last month, Ms. Wilson has made a dozen trips to the emergency room because of severe rashes, diarrhea, colds or ear infections.
'An Unnecessary Evil' Anita DeFrantz, a foundation trustee and one of two United States members of the International Olympic Committee, disagreed.
And looming behind it, there are larger visions of heaven and hell.
Maybe the tone will continue; too early to put money on it.
Puckett had sought $1.35 million, while the Twins were in at $930,000.
When Spinks fights Mike Tyson here Monday for the heavyweight championship and a guaranteed $13.5 million, win or lose, the night will be a tribute to the 41-year-old Lewis's hustle and persistence.
The scene must work as a scene and yet be heightened by and augmented by the song.
That was pushed further along, to Aug. 13, by delays in assembling the booster rockets for the flight.
''When I get up in the morning I feel good about Mike Singletary,'' he said.
The plants transplant well, burst quickly into lusty growth, and bloom in June as if they were old-timers in the garden, not raw newcomers.
I think, though, that by the end of the year, I can be in the top eight.
* Cooper Industries, Houston, a maker of electronic products, said it had received and accepted 6,827,839 common shares, or 92.9 percent, of RTE Corp. in response to its $45-a-share tender offer that expired Wednesday.
To the Editor: The problem of enforcing the normal criminal law against ''terrorists'' is simpler than appears to those quoted in ''The Arm of American Law Turns Out to Be Not So Long'' (Week in Review, July 3).
You get double stock options.''
First Class James Clingan, an armor specialist.
In late trading, interest rates on three-month Treasury bills rose by 13 basis points, or hundredths of a point, to 6.43 percent.
The account is growing by $3 million, to $15 million, of annual billings.
Mayor Koch contends that all the Democratic aspirants are unacceptable, and that he still favors Governor Cuomo.
But the commission said the option was seldom taken.
Newspapers and television are ''utterly biased and distorted,'' mainly because they are ''in the stranglehold of a handful of multinational pirates and state-controlled corporations which function as a poorly disguised Thought Police.''
Some members refuse to accept honorariums, but others, particularly committee chairmen and influential senior members, are in positions to garner more than the average.
What has happened, with the aid of the falling dollar and corporate cost-cutting, is that American industry has become quite competitive in world markets, including domestic ones, and this has become a fresh source of economic growth.
There were the old men who played cards on the corner nearly every evening of the year, and who lectured me on getting home too late, and the winos who escorted me to my front door when they saw dealers selling drugs in the hallway of my building.
Deals Appear Unlikely The manager of the Mets has acknowledged that he wants the club to import some hitting, preferably one or two players who could come off the bench and pinch-hit or even replace regulars who have been slumping this summer.
Owners of canoes, kayaks and other small craft will be able to use new boat-launching sites that are being opened to the public on Sunday in a half-dozen waterfront parks.
The justice, who said his old party has been taken over by ''pinks, punks and perverts,'' also complained that the Vice President had failed to exploit issues that would help him in this state.
I was going with my friend Sven, who had been my co-pilot on many missions similar to this one.
According to Justice Department officials, Friday is expected to be Mr. Meese's last day in office.
Social Security is not a savings or checking account.
If there are no touches in the three-minute bout, both fencers lose.
There is also a long, sad history in pop music of originators failing to copyright their songs or signing away their rights for a pittance.
EAST Miami Dolphins Give Don Shula a little improvement in the team and he can work wonders, especially in a division without a dominating club.
Firms Agree to Pay Damages But lawyers for Minpeco, who said they spent five years and traveled the world to develop their case, persuaded the jury that the Hunts and the other defendants had had frequent meetings, talked many times over the phone and coordinated their orders of silver in a way that drove up prices.
Mr. Pfeiffer delayed retirement three times at the urging of company directors.
It even suggests that in terms of representing history, photography is better at reproducing preconceptions than at revealing truths.
Maine expects to enroll families in a program based on the Illinois model later this year.
Nine of the 14 batters he faced reached base.
They would allow each side to try out equipment they believe could be used to verify the size of future tests and adherence to a test ban.
''So the product had better be good.''
Concerts involving Ken Noda, Jon Kimura Parker, Stephanie Chase, Marcus Thompson, Ronald Thomas, James VanDemark, others.
For Christians, the promise of life communicated by Easter is even more profound, but much more dependent on religious faith.
If Antony is revealed as an opportunistic demagogue from the outset, there's nowhere for the performance (or the play) to go.
For 1989 this translates into an increase in wages of about 2.2 percent, Government officials have said, compared with demands of wage increases of about 10 percent by the transit unions.
Fearful that they would move their daughter to Hibbing, a five-hour drive from St.
With 22 Q-K4, Kudrin forced the first weakening of a king position in this game - 22 ... P-N3 - and after 23 Q-N4, K-R1, launched what appeared to be a decisive attack with the bishop sacrifice 24 BxP!
But Bryant, who had been perfect from the line up to then, missed the foul shot.
Although Justice Fried found nothing intentional behind the loss of the document - a point not shared at all by the defense lawyers - the judge said that the ''handling and record keeping'' of the Police Department ''was so sloppy that I find that the department failed to exercise care in preserving it.''
In addition, if the market value of the margined securities declines, the brokerage house will issue a margin call demanding more cash or securities to back up the loan.
The Gore campaign knew it would get a faster response by asking for a ruling on its own possible situation than by filing a complaint.
Meese, then Counselor to the President, and his staff, intervened with officials of the Small Business Adminstration (S.B.A.)
'Conditions Are Staggering' Several other housing investigations are in progress in the village, Mr. Cassidy said, and could result in legal action.
Revenues rose 30.5 percent, to $1 billion, from $766 million a year earlier.
But water patrol workers acknowledge there have been excesses on both sides.
Americans are so out of it that they say ''soccer'' while everyone else calls it ''football.''
But for the two parties to continue to permit a small group of rural activists to maintain such a grip on the Presidential selection process is not only unfair, but also, as the Democrats found out in 1980 and 1984, foolish.
After 15 years here, with sales reaching $7.5 million, things are so good he is now launching LVR West, in Pittsburgh.
Though one can still find the play, not only are what the Kowalskis call the ''colored lights'' of passion missing, but so are the shadows of what Blanche identifies as the opposite of desire, death.
In its Oct. 17 edition, the influential Barron's noted that the Dow had suffered its worst week since May 18, 1940, when a 15 percent fall was brought on by the French armies' crumbling resistance to the German advance.
Was the jury recognizing the integrity and seriousness of purpose of two long careers, or was it deliberately choosing these two architects as a way of telling us how little sense it finds in the present moment?
He wrote: ''A school must be able to take into account the emotional maturity of the intended audience in determining whether to disseminate student speech on potentially sensitive topics, which might range from the existence of Santa Claus in an elementary school setting to the particulars of teen-age sexual activity in a high school setting.
A leaflet from a labor organization showing an unflattering picture of Mr. Bush asked: ''Would you want your sister to date this guy?''
Mr. Davenport, believing that the Rickman-Agrusa restoration had begun, thought nothing of the disappearance.
A recent study by Professor Sherman, who is also president of the Crime Control Institute, a research group in Washington, found that in the first five years of the 1980's, a New York officer would have had to work, on average, 694 years before killing a single person.
Mr. Palmer, who plays drums like a hurricane, recorded with Little Richard on his seminal sessions and moved to Los Angeles to become one of the top studio drummers, playing jazz, rock and even sessions with Lawrence Welk.
Detroit's Chet Lemon went 0-for-4, ending his 11-game hitting streak.
A naked girl, reflected by a cracked mirror in Prague, replicates the indolence of a cat lolling on its back before a burning fireplace.
Dr. Elaine C. Jong, head of the University Hospital Travel Clinic in Seattle, said that she has cautioned patients with asthma and allergies to avoid being sprayed with permethrin, but considering the dangers of mosquito bites, feels that it should be used when appropriate, if with caution.
In that format, it's difficult to be wry.
Note the trivial implication, at the end of a list of hard-to-prosecute offenses.
He also sought to appeal to strong feelings of anti-communism among some sectors of that community, particularly large numbers of Cuban exiles, when he suggested that the parties differed in their approach to dealing with Communist nations.
The system in use was the ''Simplified Club,'' and the next two bids were also artificial.
The companies disagree on the limits of the agreement, and Apple has sued both Microsoft and Hewlett-Packard.
''I don't agree with you,'' he replied, evidently nettled.
Presented by Joseph Corcoran, Daniel Corcoran and Mark Campbell.
Her characters have a great deal in common with their Jewish counterparts: they're heroes to themselves, a size larger than life, and they see the surfaces of America with the bug-eyed hangover clarity of the greenhorn afloat in a gaudy new world.
A recent New York Times/CBS News Poll showed that 49 percent of New Yorkers had an unfavorable opinion of Mr. Maddox and 46 percent had such an opinion of Mr. Mason.
Within the boundaries of the open Long Wharf stage, this is an elegant production.
Gary Hall, a dentist from Plymouth, Mich., will sail the boat solo in the Carlsberg.
An artherectomy catheter shaves plaque out of an artery.
Two of them, John Armleder of Switzerland and Bertrand Lavier of France, were featured in the Prato exhibition.
''I asked Steve what was wrong and he said, 'Nothing,' '' Dunphy recalled.
The archeologists are digging at about where the Palatine slope levels off and meets the Via Sacra, the sacred way, which leads in one direction to the Arch of Titus and the Coliseum and in the other past the Temple of the Vestal Virgins to low ground at the foot of the Capitoline Hill where the Romans built their Forum.
NOT quite ready to eat, I ordered longqing, a green (unfermented) tea.
These days, more and more people are commuting from one suburb to another.
B1 Group homes for foster children are criticized by city officials who say they would rather not put babies in such settings.
His beginnings as a dramatist were more erratic.
Bearded, ruddy-faced men gather in the Clarksburg Inn for a nip against the winter chill.
We weren't familiar with Philip Glass or Steve Reich until an article came out in The Village Voice and compared us to them.''
Surge protection may also be a good idea if lights brighten and dim when refrigerators and washing machines stop and start.
Jurgen Petschull, a West German journalist, has produced one of those ambitious but difficult to pull off capers that used to be called New Journalism.
Piniella has publicly denied that his relations with Martin were strained, but in commenting on Piniella's resignation, a friend said, ''No doubt about it, Billy is part of it.''
Mr. Grinnell said the error would be corrected ''in the next update possible, which will not be earlier than 1990.''
We got a story in The Washington Post about this being our first novel.''
State officials, however, said they were still convinced the beaches were safe for bathing, arguing that the chance of being infected with either disease from the debris was extremely remote.
And to you, and to everyone else, Happy New Year.
''What remains is the key question: When do the Sandinistas implement the reforms, and when do we lay down our guns?
I beat the people I should beat, but not anyone ranked ahead of me.''
Licensed taxis carry identification numbers and have posted price lists.
The average student in Britain borrows only $:99 a year.
''There just seems to be a pragmatic loyalty among older black voters rather than a spirited campaigning,'' he added.
It takes a month to six weeks to get a refund.
Most important, derivative securities serve a constructive purpose for most investors.
Meanwhile, the demand for human cadavers has increased in recent years, as surgeons try to devise new operations and researchers increase their efforts to understand the anatomical effects of certain diseases.
Mr. Sailhac declined to give his reasons for leaving.
As much as the Jets need a pass-rusher, Bud Carson, their defensive coordinator, yesterday put Gastineau's contribution into its proper perspective.
In the study, volunteers took part in a simulation in which one person was asked to come up with an advertising campaign for a new shampoo.
Between 1985 and 1987, the report said, 20 percent of the New York City schools improved enough to be taken off the list of poorly performing schools, as opposed to 62 percent of schools outside the city.
Richard J. MacDonald Director-equity research, First Boston Corporation.
Judge Parker responded: ''I can't help speculation.
The families may decide to buy the house jointly, and if they do they should agree in advance on what happens if one family wants to sell, he said.
A RECENT survey of Federal laws that have taken effect since Jan. 1 shows that several - ranging from changes in income tax provisions to the appropriation of hundreds of millions of dollars to clean up toxic-waste sites and build highways and tunnels - will have multiple effects on New Jersey.
Built-in microcomputers take care of essential adjustments like focus, exposure and color balance.
Although many of the securities represent ownership in bona fide small companies, others are merely shell corporations with no business or economic purpose.
Cheryl Allocco, a twirler captain, immediately turned to co-captain Lori MacMillan and said, ''Lori, I'll sit on your lap.''
But he brought down Cunningham with a shoestring tackle and saved a 20-17 victory for the Giants.
''This is the most severe problem that I have seen in our forests in the last 25 years,'' said Bruce L. Parker, an entomology professor at the University of Vermont.
On Saturday, the Chandler and the frigate Reuben James were on convoy duty, shepherding two oil tankers and two natural gas carriers from the Strait of Hormuz toward Kuwait.
Somewhat offsetting the declines in February, Mr. Ehrenhalt said, the cost of medical care rose 1.1 percent, natural gas 1.4 percent and electricity 1 percent.
FROM CAMELOT TO KENT STATE: The Sixties Experience in the Words of Those Who Lived It, by Joan Morrison and Robert K. Morrison.
She can't pay me in cash, just clothes.
7 Survey finds wide ignorance on AIDS 6 Study disputes aspirin's value as a preventive 6 Protester crippled by munitions train sues navy and crew 7 Nofziger trial is told of Meese aide's help for Wedtech 9 REGIONAL 29-32 A 'sting' faked deaths and as a result New York state and city investigators are reported to have videotaped court representatives taking valuables from apartments of people they thought were dead.
One boat excursion in Everglades City and a train ride in Shark Valley are also accessible.
Inventive forms and understated but signfiicant details convey a love of fine-tuned engineering on a small scale.
The first year it was profuse with buds, but in subsequent years flower buds have decreased and this year there are none.
But membership is limited to those under the age of 40, and Mr. Seippel is a few months too old.
Rajika Puri The governor's wife .
''What about all these other Mitchell-Lama's that are all-white?''
On July 9, in an article based on large portions of Mr. McKay's report, The New York Times provided considerable new information about Mr. Meese's involvement in the $1 billion Iraqi pipeline project and about Mr. Meese's ties to the Wedtech Corporation, which has been linked to a far-ranging scheme to bribe public officials.
This is not without risk: if the general account deficit were used to finance entitlements, other income transfers or annual funding programs that would be difficult to eliminate if the Social Security surpluses started to shrink, we could find ourselves in the same deficit mess we face today.
Mr. Tung was among the spectators in the Council chamber.
Most recently, he was responsible for the company's activities in the Asia-Pacific region, He has lived in Tokyo, Europe, Philadelphia, Washington and Boston, and now he will be adding Chicago, headquarters of American National Can.
The survey, of 512 registered voters between Oct. 11 and 16, had a margin of error of plus or minus 5 points.
It has proved a difficult task.
Mr. Dukakis's delegates voted down Mr. Jackson's proposals to increase taxes on the rich and never allow the United States to be the first nation to use nuclear weapons in a conflict.
With newly elected Republican majorities in both houses of Congress, Wilson chose to take no prominent Republican to Paris to assist in his two-month negotiations on the Versailles Treaty and League Covenant.
The 1980 decision by the Carter Administration kept Nancy Lieberman from playing basketball in the Olympics at the peak of her career, and denied thousands of American, Canadian, Japanese and West German athletes their best chance at a gold medal.
He also said the I.R.A.
While protesting his desire for peace, he still resisted saying he would accept a Jewish state of Israel.
Joseph T. Cahill, the university's president.
With Coach John Thompson on the sidelines in his familiar pose, shouting instructions, a white towel slung over his left shoulder, the Americans routed Spain, 97-53, today in their first game of the tournament.
Some of the battle's roots go back to last February, when Mr. D'Amato was supporting Bob Dole for the Republican Presidential nomination and Mr. Anderson was supporting George Bush.
There's a baptism, a wedding, some happy dancing to Nicola Piovani's juicy music, and off goes Giulio to a new assignment with fewer human beings to complicate things.
Widening of Contacts Officials expect a series of visits between high-ranking military officers, including the two chiefs of staff, to spring from the thaw in military relations.
He was 73 years old and lived in West Orange, N.J. Mr. Reitman served as chairman of the New Jersey Commission on Civil Rights from 1961 to 1965 and helped draft the New Jersey Civil Rights Act.
They kicked me out of school.''
Georgia Tech (6-2), rallied with a 10-2 run and eventually tied the game at 68-all.
These are energy resources found right here, are environmentally sound and job creating, and best of all, they are eternal.
Day acknowledged that Woody Stephens had instructed him to stay away from the rail, the muddiest part of the track after several days of rain, but Forty Niner's jockey denied that the Hall of Fame trainer had ordered him to prevent the filly from winning the Preakness.
A1 The Energy Department's program to reopen three aging nuclear reactors at the Savannah River Plant includes a new emphasis to assure that they will operate reliably until the turn of the century.
North of the Merritt Parkway are properties priced upwards of $700,000 on minimum two- and four-acre lots.
Yesterday the company told employees that the results of those tests would be reported at a meeting on Monday.
I don't know if I've gotten any better,'' he says with one of his frequent laughs.
Spray the inside surfaces of the form with oil like WD-40 or 3-in-1 - or brush on used engine oil - then set the form in place against the broken step and brace it securely, using stakes set in the ground, also as shown.
For the most part, Mr. Eastwood has received high marks for his work as Mayor.
Parents can help, she said, by holding the babies in a relaxed posture, upright against the parent's hip with a hand under the thighs to keep the legs flexed and the baby's shoulders rounded to permit the hands to come together.
Plaskett Is Named The board named Thomas G. Plaskett, who is 44 years old and a former president of Continental Airlines, as chairman, chief executive and president of Pan Am.
And because these extreme fears can be debilitating, other experts say, more children should be treated for anxiety problems than currently receive such care, not only to provide immediate relief for the child but also because the problem can sometimes persist into adulthood if untreated.
At least one court clerk has taken her Mayor and Borough Council to court to compel them to recognize her increased workload.
While prices set at the daily auctions in New Bedford, Mass., serve as a general guide to prices on the East Coast, the real price for fresh fish is set locally, depending upon the particular balance of supply and demand at the moment - and the quality of the business relationship between the buyer and seller.
At Embassy 2, Broadway at 47th Street, and other theaters.
Jones had outboxed, outfought and outshone the other man in the ring.
Expanded efforts to reach the homeless were also praised.
Furthermore, Mr. Koshland says, although Knopf had earlier published a de Beauvoir novel, ''she was still relatively unknown in America'' and, accordingly, somewhat of a financial risk.
That could only be determined by attempting to grow the virus from the sample, which takes weeks and is unreliable.
The Prime Minister and his Deputy Prime Ministers make up a kind of inner circle in the Government known as the Presidium of the Council of Ministers.
New Yorkers will have a chance to explore Brazilian arts this weekend, when an unusual variety of Brazilian cultural events will take place.
Now what do I do?
Commenting on the overall direction of the Reagan address, Senator Bill Bradley, a Democrat, said the President should have been more realistic about the state of the economy and talked more about those who had not enjoyed the prosperity mentioned in the speech.
Until then, America and its Asian partners will have little incentive, nor indeed any choice, but to regard Mr. Gorbachev's latest proposals as a transparent attempt to get something for nothing while driving a wedge between the free nations of the Pacific.
Smith scored 12 of Pitt's first 15 points but the Panthers needed Matthews's long-range shots, their only 3-pointers of the game.
Mr. Icahn and Texaco have been in talks for more than two weeks about a possible restructuring.
Tickets range from $9.50 to $24 ($5 rush tickets for students and the elderly will be available a half-hour before performances).
Administration officials made it plain that they wanted to avoid the confusion that followed the summit meeting in Reykjavik, Iceland, in 1986, and that any Gorbachev ''surprise'' will be discussed in detail before the Administration commits itself.
''About 100 people of all ages, many of them strangers from other churches or from no church at all, come and join us,'' he said.
Did the Fed really mean to slow M-1 growth so much?
When the system is completed in the mid-1990's, traffic on 216 miles of Bay Area freeways are to be monitored by television cameras and sensors in the pavement, allowing a control center to advise drivers of road conditions through radio and electric signs.
The city's Sanitation Department, invoking a 1985 law, has been cracking down on people who - without permission - place signs, posters and handbills on public property.
On a trip to the Middle East this month, Mr. Shultz failed to win any clear endorsements for the peace plan.
Over all, injuries associated with repetitive use ''caused less abstenteeism than the common cold,'' he said.
Besides their own cards, the young collectors are collecting business cards from every restaurant and company in sight.
* Cook County in Illinois is tentatively offering $113.46 million of general obligation bonds through underwriters led by Bear, Stearns.
Each of the three floors has four wings, and each wing has a dormitory at the end.
Intriguing though this work may be, it is difficult to imagine where Mr. Mullican can go from here.
But he said legislative attention to the problem had helped: ''The numbers are down, way down.
The investigators will be going to the North Slope this year to get samples from the ringed seal.
Carry a small plastic bag for food wrappers and other trash.
Zero-coupon Treasuries are ''stripped'' of their semiannual coupons, or interest payments, and are sold by brokerage houses at a deep discount from their face amount.
A precipitous decline in domestic output would sharply increase the nation's dependence on imports, laying the groundwork for more severe trade balance problems unless the nation quickly developed alternative energy sources.
The contributions were received Feb. 3, four days before the announcement of Mr. Kalikow's agreement to buy The Post and a month before the official purchase.
Mr. Wardell said last week that the agency would soon announce a ''major'' piece of new business, but that announcement has been postponed because of the layoffs, the agency's spokeswoman said yesterday.
But then even the Chinese people who use herbs for healing may not really be familiar with the philosophy.
You say, ''opposition figures are not murdered with impunity'' - in Nicaragua - ''as they are, shamefully, in El Salvador, Guatemala and Honduras.''
One union official noted that some of his members said they would vote for him, using a racial slur in the same breath.
The notion that somehow these people are less entitled collectively to basic constitutional rights than they would be individually is nonsense and utterly lacks precedent.
The Soviet Union will have a significant advantage in offensive weapons in Europe even after Mr. Gorbachev's proposed cuts.
An old geezer from the state's Department of Health - and he really was an old geezer - told us about a truck driver who had picked up a female hitchhiker at a diner.
Ruth Roper said not to let anyone in.
The puts, however, could cushion some of the market impact.
and the players union, which has filed a suit in Minneapolis charging that the right-of-first-refusal and compensation system violates Federal antitrust laws.
Bir Zeit University was established by the Palestinians as a high school in 1924 - long before the establishment of Israel itself.
Twenty pounds of fruit costs $26.50.
''He was warm, he was understanding.
The State Department said the two officials discussed Angola and Namibia, among other subjects.
The hard problems facing our country were scarcely addressed by either candidate in the U.S. election.
''There is a large market, providing we provide good service and quality food,'' Mr. Maw said.
The embargo policy is good for the journal's readers and contributors, as well as for the journal itself.
''For us it's enormously satisfying to know that we're making a product that's seen by millions of people every week.''
He backs down 10 days later.
In Darien, a parents' group will again sponsor both indoor and beach parties after the June 20 commencement exercises at Darien High School.
Going on 40, Richard Lewis is a boyish looking comedian who dresses entirely in black, wondering darkly if someone might think he's a member of some crazed cult called ''Jews for Satan.''
Springer made a record net profit of $56 million in 1986, the latest fiscal year for which figures are available, up from $36 million in 1985.
The attention of most Indian politicians is focused on a parliamentary election in the northern city of Allahabad, where a prominent former member of Mr. Gandhi's Cabinet is waging his first campaign since he defected last year and called for the Prime Minister's resignation.
In Wellington, Tinakori Lodge (182 Tinakori Road; telephone 733478), is a bed and breakfast establishment in a Victorian house.
After 20 years of women emulating men, it is not suprising that young professional women are happy to be known as ''guys.''
It was vetoed by his partner, Ely Culbertson, because the first attempt to use it led to disaster.
Effects of the Downturn Dallas always prided itself on its tightly knit business leadership and felt that its diverse economy made it immune from a severe downturn.
But for this we need the buzz and color of the exceptional character, and the disconcerting sense that his strangeness is not so far as we thought from our ordinariness.
And if alternate takes, which in Commodore's case are usually as good as the master takes and nearly always revelatory, are hard to handle, a set of 10 CD's (also in a nine-album set) has been released by Pair, with some of the better-known material - from Billie Holiday, Ben Webster, Don Byas, Lester Young, Leon ''Chu'' Berry, Eddie Condon and Jess Stacy - without alternate takes or any of the oddities.
The police said that most of those killed had been shot in the head and that most of the victims had not resisted being robbed.
''The chairman is doing the same thing to the company that he did to the Frito-Lay group when he headed it during the 1970's,'' said Emmanuel Goldman, an analyst at Montgomery Securities in San Francisco, referring to D. Wayne Calloway, Pepsi's chief executive.
There are also wineries in the Columbia River basin, east of Portland, and a few in the far eastern part of the state.
In advertisements in the trade papers Variety and the Hollywood Reporter last week, the coalition was attacked by 200 equally prominent writers including the writer and director James Bridges and the co-creators of ''Cheers,'' Glen and Les Charles.
Most patrons are from within a 30-mile radius that embraces other working-class towns like Wakefield, Malden, Revere and Peabody, as well as more affluent communities like Lynfield, Winchester, Arlington and Salem.
When the two officers pushed the two suspects against a car and began arresting them, the police said, the suspects began struggling, and one of them whirled around.
'' Ms. Seidelman herself came out of a film school - New York University's - and through a ''stroke of luck'' her independent movie ''Smithereens'' ended up in competition at Cannes.
It is no criticism of Marian Faux's ''Roe v. Wade'' to say that it lacks the emotional power of ''Back Rooms.''
There is no question that we Jews of Arab countries were forced to leave our homes, though we were not involved in the war.
Paula Wolfert said the minute she smelled the food at Odeon, where her dishes were prepared, she knew the chef understood her food.
The trouble was that application of this test was inherently speculative and problematic.
The son of a former President, Gen. Lazaro Cardenas, who is still revered as a symbol of nationalism and social justice, the 54-year-old Mr. Cardenas broke with the PRI - and took many party members with him - when the party refused to hold primaries to pick its 1988 presidential candidate.
Both teams have small, quick receivers who can make big plays and quarterbacks who can explode with long passes, so there is the potential for an exciting, high-scoring game.
Once in the water, prepare to step the mast.
Thomson, winner of five British Opens in his younger days, bogeyed two of the last three holes today.
And their job was to figure out what kind of structure and deck and waterproofing would be appropriate.
Small cactuses can be grabbed with wooden, plastic or metal kitchen tongs.
8 as championed by the Kronos Quartet, will be heard in a larger-scaled effort called ''Port Essington'' with the Australian Chamber Orchestra at the Metropolitan Museum of Art, Fifth Avenue at 82d Street, Friday at 8 P.M. And the Soviet composer Sofia Gubaidulina will have not one but two of her string quartets played here this week.
''Thank you, Fish,'' Mr. Cutler exclaimed loudly at one point, drawing a rebuke from Judge Pierre N. Leval.
Installation is the reverse of removal.
And ''Early Floating,'' revived for this Joyce season, is one of their loveliest and most telling collaborations.
''I will be one who takes a keen interest in these matters,'' he said, and he promised that he would provide ''direct access, day and night,'' to Mr. Scowcroft.
In 1986, no water at all reached the sea.
Students have 10 years after completing college to repay the loans.
BASEBALL CALIFORNIA (AL) - Agreed to terms with Bryan Harvey, pitcher, on a one-year contract.
The interviewer used to spend his Christmas Eves trying to put Part A into Part B on scooters and doll houses that Santa Claus had not bothered to assemble.
* A requirement that ships owned, controlled or registered by American concerns transport no oil to South Africa.
By and large, they are more determined to draw an empirical and detailed picture of the varied and complex adolescent experience.
A set of four salad plates is about $140; a service plate, $80; a teacup and saucer, $50.
Mr. Moss, 43 years old, is president and chief executive officer of B. S. Moss Enterprises Inc. and will be executive director of Criterion Center.
Dukakis cannot survive the loss of both, and probably can't survive the loss of either.
The measure was backed by a group of trainmen, and it was endorsed by two powerful allies -Olympia & York Developments, a real estate company, and the Henley Group, a manufacturing and finnacial services concern.
''If one guy decides not to play, we are in trouble.''
''We are presently attempting to determine the value of a number of such business units so that a judgment can be made on whether any of them should be sold,'' Ross B. Kenzie, chairman of Goldome, said.
In the years since busing was introduced there has been a dramatic shift in the makeup of the population of the public schools.
They're not jaded, they're not snobs and they're a great cross-section of the population.
''Where it leads,'' said Judge Eginton, ''we don't have the slightest idea.
These days, nearly everyone - with the exception of Mr. Eisner - seems to want the budget deficits to disappear.
Scholarly and publishing sources said the verses were known to a small group of scholars and were even mentioned in a companion volumn to the Oxford University Press edition of Shakespeare's ''Complete Works.''
In the last two seasons, with injuries and perhaps creeping age, he has produced only six and a half sacks.
But throughout France, there are no markets as lively, as appealing, or as abundant as those in the sunny south, including the daily market along Nice's Cours Saleya, the sheltered Forville market in Cannes and the Sunday morning market in L'Isle-sur-la-Sorgue, where fruit and vegetable sellers compete with antique merchants for the shoppers' precious francs.
Another of the three, Cedric Sandiford, 38, was severely beaten, and the third, Timothy Grimes, 20 escaped without being beaten.
If, during Mastercard's search, an agency had presented the company with a ''picture of how they could bring public relations and promotion and direct marketing together with a unified look, that would have been impressive,'' Ms. Burke added.
My mother's crying ceased, followed immediately by my sister's stifled sobs and my brother's sudden silence.
A wide range of other seafood dishes is served, but if you are a first-timer at Joe's, stone crab is obligatory.
What subject will they review?
At the Anne Klein Company, the designer Louis Dell'Olio is experimenting with gold-toned metal buttons shaped like knots of cord.
Although no precise vacancy rates are available for the period, experts said office space was so scarce between 1978 and 1982 that landlords increased the rental rates on new leases fourfold, from about $10 per square foot to about $40 a square foot for prime space in Manhattan, a rate that has changed little since 1982.
Gerald Grinstein, 56 years old, will take over as president and chief executive of Burlington Northern, effective Jan. 1.
Instead of lush tropical settings color-coordinated to fashionable, expensive clothes, ''The Street'' gives you inner-city Newark at night, where everything looks grimy and dark and forbidding, and the only hot pink or turquoise you are likely to see is worn by prostitutes.
Last month, Formica, based in Wayne, N.J., received an unsolicited takover offer from Malcolm I. Glazer, a Rochester investor.
Despite a tearful appeal to a judge for a chance ''to begin my life again,'' a former New York City police officer was sentenced yesterday to 1 to 4 years in prison for taking a $500 payoff from an undercover investigator posing as a drug dealer.
The women most wanted to change their thighs, hips, buttocks, stomach and waist.
'Nasty' Meeting With Aides Last Wednesday, officials say, Mr. Thornburgh met with the heads of three Justice Department agencies -Alan C. Nelson of the Immigration and Naturalizaton Service, Stanley E. Morris of the Marshals Service and J. Michael Quinlan of the Bureau of Prisons - and ordered them to support compromise legislation before Congress that would force the agencies to accept independent audits of their programs.
But for the Mosque, Moscow In the background, across the square, stood the graceful Eidgha mosque, perhaps a more enduring symbol for the people of this war-torn land than the flags they carried.
6.To assemble the dish, place some sauce on four plates in the shape of a circle.
Natan Sharansky, after nine years in Soviet prisons and labor camps, insisted to an audience of 900 people Sunday night that there was no special quality of heroism that separated him from them.
banned that method because it said a possibly toxic element in the plastic could endanger people who handle the strip.
He did not expect, however, to be quite so unloved.
As they gathered in groups, the girls chatted and laughed excitedly about classes and teachers and about their hopes for the rest of the school year.
If a strategic arms treaty is completed, Soviet officials hope that Mr. Bush, like Mr. Reagan, could gain Senate ratification more easily than a Democratic President.
There was nothing I could do except stand there and watch it go.''
In a separate protest, about 2,500 women survivors demanded punishment for Union Carbide executives.
Without political will on the part of civilian and military authorities to apply the rule of law and respect for human rights, police aid runs the risk of only strengthening the power and sophistication of those - like Alexander Hernandez - who are willing and able to practice state terror.
At Hoff-Barthelson, meanwhile, Leonore Weinstock and Norman Carey are offering works for viola and piano by Bach, Brahms and two contemporary composers, Tibor Serly and Karen Campbell (723-1169).
A Stonemason Oversleeps The Queen, in a knit cerise coat and wearing a hat with black ribbon, talked to some of the workers after the ceremony.
A14 Dan Quayle's legislative record reflects his outlook as a fiscal and social conservative who has sought to reduce the size and scope of government.
The Grahams and several related trusts own class A stock, which already has total voting power for most actions affecting the company and elects 70 percent of the Post company's directors.
The four teams - the Thunder, the Saints, the Philadelphia Wings and the Washington Wave -and the Major Indoor Lacrosse League itself are all owned by Russ Cline and Chris Fritz, Kansas City-based concert promoters.
'It Could Make a Difference' ''We could have won the state,'' said Willie B.
In what appeared to be an attempt to restart the workings of Government, the military leadership, headed by Gen.
''I hope it's Phil next week,'' said Parcells.
''The more the girl liked the man, the more threatened she felt on behalf of her father.
Pressure to drink comes not just from peers but from advertisements.
As sophisticated as this system may seem, Ocean Spray Cranberries Inc., the well-known growers' cooperative that has its headquarters in Lakeville and Middleboro, Mass., is working on an improvement, and Mr. Angley has volunteered as guinea pig.
The secure greatness of the British colonial system was already being challenged in America, and the publication of the first volume of a work which, in effect, warned that all empires must someday fall came opportunely in 1776.
This 7 P.M. Bartok marathon, or ''odyssey,'' as the program calls it, lasts until about 10:40.
Also aiding the gun control advocates was the unity of their forces.
The climax of the show was a three- hour section conducted by John McGlinn, of pieces from various Porter Broadway shows - ''Hitchy-Koo of 1922,'' ''Fifty Million Frenchmen,'' ''Du Barry Was a Lady,'' and ''Anything Goes.''
Shearson Lehman said on Thursday that it was advising the management of RJR Nabsico, the food and tobacco giant, in considering the buyout.
The report, which was released today by the National Association of Secondary School Principals, summarizes the organization's 1987 survey of 1,225 high school principals and assistant principals in 1,544 schools.
But I love winning, and I'll do whatever it takes to win.
Mullikin and Juffali eventually raised their offer to $1.27 billion, but by then the Texas-Tokyo team had a done deal.
It is open daily, except Tuesday and Sunday, from 10 A.M. to 4 P.M. and on Saturday from 10 A.M. to 3 P.M.
Aircraft orders dropped 11.5 percent.
''We can't syndicate programming,'' he said, and ''there's a limit to the number of stations we can own.
They want school buses to come up narrow country roads, and they want their roads plowed now.''
Many held masters degrees in engineering.
''This infection in a very remote rural area was shown to be present 10 years ago, and in this isolated area, it has not changed in prevalence at all,'' said Dr. Kevin M. De Cock of the Centers for Disease Control in Atlanta, who was a co-author of the study.
puppy anesthetized for surgery,'' he said into the phone.
That pledge is to be fortified by an international monitoring committee.
But the utility had already moved the line.
No wonder the people at customs had doubted my one-month itinerary.
The Vice President has appropriated Mr. Dukakis's new populist message -''I am on your side'' - as well as the Governor's liberal heroes, John F. Kennedy, Franklin D. Roosevelt and Harry S. Truman.
A cache of 250 of his paintings, discovered in his attic by relatives who inherited his house at Grandview-on-Hudson, inspired an exhibition opening today at the Hopper House Art Center in Nyack.
Even though it has no homeless problem yet, the Transit Authority says homeless people tend to collect in stations at the ends of the E and J lines.
Their best chance was gone.
Forming and running the company as a Christian organization was part of a covenant they made with God in 1963 after God gave them the job of informing others ''that the Lord Jesus Christ saves and blesses all who will come to Him,'' the affidavit said.
Analysts said they expected Ramada to reject the offer.
The two leaders seem to be able to move readily between moments of criticism to substantive work and good spirits.
Firefighters poured chemicals to neutralize gas-producing chloride today after a four-day factory fire that spewed poisonous fumes.
But it's a precious footnote - a series of ripe meditations about the experience of Auschwitz, where the Italian-Jewish writer Primo Levi worked as a slave laborer during the Second World War.
well, there are more new Jags on the road.
After a day off today, the orchestra is to resume its schedule on Monday evening, conducted by Gennady Rozhdestvensky, director of the State Symphony Orchestra.
The foods may be designated for distribution to the needy in Camden, Gloucester or Burlington Counties.
Can we do any better?
At another meeting today, the Defense Department's comptroller, Robert Helm, said that the 1989 reductions would most likely be followed by five years of only slight increases, no matter who is elected President in November.
The smaller inventory reduces the need for expensive incentives at the end of the model year.
And there may even have been a long-term payoff in motivating some of us to continue reading and enjoying Shakespeare.
But critics say the animals do not survive as long in captivity as in the wild.
The second examined clues in the case and raised more questions about the Brawley assertions.
If the stain goes away or lightens considerably, it is mildew; if it is hardly affected, it is not mildew.
Charles Scheuler, a Cablevision spokesman, said the company expects its market to be especially ripe in Back Bay and Beacon Hill.
The former head of military counterintelligence and the military police, he is now, at 63, Interior Minister, responsible for law and order.
In an adjoining building, the Alameda on 84th Street between Broadway and West End Avenue, electricity had been restored yesterday, but residents had no water.
Compared to the elephants, whose main function is to walk ponderously while gracefully swaying their trunks, the tigers' lot is not an easy one.
And Poland had acquired two new liabilities: a $30 billion-plus foreign debt that far exceeded its capacity to earn hard currency and a population that had come to expect rising living standards and access to Western consumer goods.
''In the last four years, biathlons have exploded,'' Honig said.
Despite the current surge of the economy, highlighted by this week's jump in the leading indicators, the longer-term prophecies are, on the whole, gloomy.
The cavernous room is not much enhanced by the minimal decor or the beige wallpaper ornamented with equally bland bamboo designs.
''Their expectations had risen because of the green revolution, but they found it impossible to keep up with that level now.''
Many play on one or two teams, in church and neighborhood youth leagues, in addition to the Knights.
Certainly none of the chubby, no-nonsense lace-up boots and oxfords made by a French company called Mephisto would win a design award.
''It's a fashion statement,'' said Duffy Hickey, the chairman of Hickey-Freeman, one of America's largest men's clothing manufacturers.
The recent acquisition of 96,000 acres of parkland by Lassiter Properties Inc. may be the harbinger of a new period in the history of the Adirondacks, an era of unbridled land speculation and unwarranted development that may threaten the unique open space and wilderness character of the region.
Other people put up the money and managed Roosevelt Raceway, but from 1954 through 1968, Joey Goldstein helped turn a harness-racing track, for goodness sake, into a merry little universe.
- then this sparkling draft of honest incident and clear, cold prose is for you.
His priorities seem clearly set on having a silly time.
The Federal Aviation Administration said yesterday that a series of small cracks were discovered earlier this month on three older McDonnell Douglas DC-9 airliners.
Admission to the show without the tour is $6.
But in choosing Mr. Antoci, Mr. Bass has selected a figure from a more traditional segment of the banking industry whose background is in the California savings and loan market.
Barros, a 5-10 junior on a team with just one starter over 6-5, scored 14 points in helping Boston College to a 37-30 halftime lead.
Her solos were outstandingly danced, imbued with the dramatic tension and accents that only she can give.
Tickets may be obtained through the box office (215) 978-1429.
Mr. Ayckbourn ironically suggests that they wait until they have picked up their Oscars for this one.
Kruvant offers a caveat: ''When your client is a man, you want to be sure he really connects with what you do.
Mr. Pepper has been a Congressional champion of concerns of the elderly.
The season runs from May 15 to Oct. 15.
The first single from his brilliant new album, ''Land of Dreams'' (Reprise-Warner Brothers), it features a narrator who goes around asking people about the meaning of life.
When Christian Ford embarks on an affair with a lost soul named Farol Colorado, he sets off a chain of betrayals that, in the end, leaves him among its victims.
In November, you go to visit his college for Parents' Weekend.
A basis point is one-hundredth of a percentage point.
The Federal Election Commission hasn't confronted this delicate question before; it will have to now.
''Companies are very dollar-conscious today.
Many injuries did not require a doctor, and in some cases, the injured did not skip many classes.
Nevertheless, Arabs were viewed with intense suspicion by the Israeli establishment.
Sontag was now worried because it was quite likely that four spades was a better contract.
Mr. Lacombe, who prefers to call himself a ''visual comedian,'' presents one of the shows most crowd-pleasing acts: a portrayal of a symphony conductor who gets carried away by Tchaikovsky's ''1812 Overture,'' swaying so hard that his body is parallel to the floor.
Both head coaches, Rider's John Carpenter and Towson State's Terry Truax, agreed to record the game as complete.
Edward Lund, the last surviving crew member of Howard Hughes's airplane flight around the world in 1938, died Sunday at Hoag Memorial Hospital here.
But it's a treasured spot: the area is between Mattingly and Mike Pagliarulo and where Joe DiMaggio once dressed.
Terry Shannon, a technical consultant at Computer Information Systems Inc., in Braintree, Mass., said Digital might have decided to turn to an outside supplier when it ran into trouble with a portion of its own RISC computer development project.
They were certainly right about that.
Panama has virtually eliminated its marijuana crop, and Pakistan has announced a decision to use chemical eradication of opium.
If the first Marine test had set me off on a quest, the second had brought me back to reality.
The One Bancorp, $40 million of subordinated capital notes due 1998, NR/Baa-3/BBB-.
Summer dresses, pastel with white $47 in sizes 1 to 3, are among the most sought-after examples of St. Gallen Stickerei.
The SmithKline Beckman Corporation yesterday reported a third-quarter loss of $195.5 million, reflecting a charge for a previously announced restructuring, including the dismissal of 1,600 employees.
TO Elena Lomasney, love doesn't mean never having to say you're sorry.
''It seems like every week we put the saddle on him,'' said the coach.
I think I was wrong now.
He decided to go ahead when he heard Ms. Duncan's band playing at the Blue Note.
After the argument, the police said, Mr. Hohn walked to a nearby automated bank cash machine.
Lawyers said that the new reorganization plan, incorporating the American Home proposal, might be ready for the court hearing that has been scheduled for Feb. 19 and that claimants, creditors and shareholders might be able to vote on the plan in April if Judge Merhige accepts it.
Interest rates were little changed in light trading in the credit markets.
''They'll just close their doors.''
They included the following: * Gail Devers of U.C.L.A.
The high school is noted for its art department.
Plant species are believed to be disappearing at an even more rapid rate in other areas of the world, particularly the tropics.
There was a hint of this in the separation of Mr. Brown from a circle of women at the start of the dance, yet there was little emotional coloring in what Ms. Kozak gave her performers.
Striking Polish workers, voicing strong misgivings about the results of talks between the Government and Lech Walesa, the Solidarity founder, were deeply divided today over whether to heed his appeal that they end their strikes and return to work.
Mrs. Gabel's comments appeared to undermine a central defense theme in the two-month trial: that both Mrs. Gabel and Ms. Myerson viewed the hiring of Sukhreet Gabel and Justice Gabel's handling of the divorce case as entirely unrelated.
''I'm really happy for these people,'' she said.
The dilemma has made a clear impression on Gorbachev, who has made only token gestures toward granting Eastern Europe the same freedoms he has championed at home.
The department's conduct of its uranium enrichment monopoly, under attack for mismanagement, would be transfered to a new Government corporation that, supporters believe, could operate the program more efficiently.
These are: symphony and chamber orchestras; chamber and new-music ensembles; jazz ensembles and jazz orchestras; choruses and vocal ensembles; opera-music theater and theater companies; soloists, and a catchall category of ''presenting organizations, festivals, radio and television stations.''
''I advised that judge of the facts of this matter,'' Judge Duffy added, ''and his opinion was that no basis for recusal existed.''
Mr. Powell noted in his speech, which was delivered to the bar association's Criminal Justice Section, that there were more than 2,000 people on death rows around the country.
Mr. Reagan, using his strongest language to date to draw a distinction between the two expected Presidential nominees, made his remarks at a Republican fund-raising luncheon for Representative Connie Mack, Republican of Florida, who is running for the United States Senate.
LET ME ASSURE YOU, the Saturday that I spent walking around Manhattan trying to spot a celebrity, any celebrity, broke all the rules.
peeling from the shower curtain and speckled mirrors,'' china that doesn't match and ''hugely fat cats'' that leave hairs on the sofa cushions.
Not the obvious movement of sequence and repetition, but movement we can only feel, not see - the impression or sensation of movement generated by a skillful manipulation of rhythm, interval, contrast and timing.
However, simply sharing a bathroom with someone who has a cold creates ample opportunity for contagion.
The manager's loss of employment threatens the family's sense of security and makes every family member feel vulnerable.
Fancy Footwork Socks, of course, are hot.
Sutcliffe (4-4), who had been sidelined since May 21 with a strained rib cage muscle in his left side, retired the first nine batters.
With Herbert Brodkin and Robert Berger as executive producers and Bruce S. Pustin as producer, the drama, directed by Jack Gold, brilliantly maintains the balance between imagination and reality, the Mexicans and the Americans.
Like Tissot, such artists as Firmin Girard and Robert Blum, one of the first Americans to visit Japan, tended to Anglicize their (usually female) subjects.
Evaluations suggest that workfare can be effective in raising the earnings of recipients and the number of hours they work, reducing dependency and usually saving money for government.
Attorneys General in Minnesota, Kansas, Illinois, Massachusetts, Michigan and Ohio have investigated, filed suit or forced the company to halt various business practices in recent years.
''But we also know how good we are.
Continue baking the custard 15 to 20 minutes longer, until a knife inserted in the center comes out clean.
She saves the juice from lunch for breakfast the next day.
In the Bruckner, with the full orchestra at his disposal, Mr. Mehta saw an opportunity to wallow confidently amid the composer's enormous masses of brassy, supercharged sound, and in the first movement, he didn't do much more than that.
Mrs. Barringer was attended by her sister, Catherine Ann Russell, and the bridegroom by his father.
Mr. Smith is to be the speaker at a breakfast beginning at 9:30 A.M. next Sunday in the Scarsdale Synagogue, at 2 Ogden Road.
The 1970's have heretofore been a disparaged decade.
''supports the enactment of Federal and state legislation which strives to eliminate any racial discrimination in capital sentencing which may exist'' was adopted.
When Richie attempts to overcome boredom by learning to love it, his attitude is more suspect.
Brisk Retail Sales Expected Many analysts expect that retail sales for February rose at a brisk rate of more than 1 percent, more than twice the increase reported for January.
In this collection's title piece, a man writes to a woman he knew in the third grade, trying to figure out why there is ''a black vacuum at the center of his life.''
We believe that not only is the MIPS RISC technology the best in the industry, but that implementing this design is the optimal approach to integrating RISC performance into our system architecture.''
''He remains mysterious to me,'' said one specialist.
It is a change, and one rooted in his desire to be an exemplary champion, particularly for younger people.
THE PRAISE SINGER (1978) is about the poet Simonides, and offers an inside view of Greek politics in the sixth century B.C., the Age of the Tyrants.
For example, nonprofit hospitals could continue to earn income tax free from the sale of hearing aids or pharmaceuticals to patients and outpatients.
Meanwhile, Mr. Harris ran down a set of stairs, where he robbed a security guard of $7 and forced him to break a window that provided access to the basement.
On the spending side, the commission has called for the state takeover of $402 million in costs that are now shared by counties and municipalities.
Although the earth in the east is not split by huge faults like those at the edges of plates, an important set of fractures remain where the great continental masses once pulled apart - Europe and Africa drifting away from North and South America, opening the Atlantic Ocean in between.
More than 76 percent of the graduating students are reading at grade level, according to the principal, Anna Petsche, compared with 61.3 percent citywide.
Church World Service, Hurricane Gilbert Emergency, P.O.
Her sons are ''nice boys,'' but ''any encounter they have with any uniformed officer is a disaster.''
He was a native of Stuttgart, Ark., a graduate of Columbia College and the Columbia University Law School and a Navy aviator in World War I.
When the judge's plan was introduced, it touched off violent clashes at several public schools and boycotts that tore apart the city.
Let cool for 10 minutes.
During the 1980's, whenever the Federal Reserve erred, it nearly always erred on the side of hard money - sacrificing the real economy to protect prices.
TRADE SEEN AS HUNGARY'S MOTIVE BUDAPEST, Sept. 13 (Special to The New York Times) - The Foreign Ministry said today that the agreement to open permanent missions in Budapest and Seoul would ''establish and set on a firm basis their economical, commercial, financial, cultural, sports, technical-scientific, as well as consular and other relations.''
Jay Buhner backpedaled quickly in center field, his attention fixed on the fly ball that Mike Greenwell had lifted into the night.
Six-month bill rates were at 7.06 percent, down 2 basis points.
A meditation on the ways of love in the shabby, unpromising England of the 1950's that plunges midway into a dangerous world of political intrigue in Central America.
That word means ''intellectual elite, cultural vanguard,'' and carries a connotation of snobbery in the United States but is not pejorative in the Soviet Union for good political reason.
By entering the markets aggressively, the central banks have apparently quelled, at least temporarily, the negative sentiment on the dollar that has been pervasive in the foreign-exchange markets for more than a year.
A rebound in apartment construction offset a decline in single-family home building last month as overall housing activity rose a modest 1.5 percent.
In attempting to reinforce these trends, Mr. Reagan said that greater human freedom for Russian citizens would help encourage economic growth by fostering innovation and technological advances.
Most of the performers were plainly chosen for their abilities as singers, not actors, and even better actors would be hard pressed by some of Anderson's lines: ''The irony of it, that an advocate of Negro equality should be killed by a Negro.''
In the case of 8320 Bay Parkway, the sponsor has replaced all windows already and is doing cosmetic work in public spaces.
Five people were charged with pimping and pandering.
''You can't set out to be successful, and that's what the American theater always tries to do.
She is the writer-in-residence and an adjunct professor of English at Wesleyan University.
''The mainline churches have not utilized the power and importance of television,'' said the Rev.
Reporters who have visited the work sites said they saw thousands of workers leaving.
About half of that is profit.
Julian Milkis, the soloist in Aaron Copland's Clarinet Concerto, made much of the work's jumps from a sultry sound to an impetuous one, and he played the difficult cadenza commandingly.
But when Ms. Richards was feted at a $1,000-a-plate dinner that mixed country music with fund-raising here Wednesday night, the talk was of the future, not the past.
(AP) Bulls 108, Cavaliers 89: Michael Jordan scored 12 of his 38 points during an 18-6 second-quarter run and Sam Vincent had a career-high 18 points and 11 assists for Chicago.
In announcing that the special party conference had approved Bulgaria's continuation on the road to restructuring, Mr. Alexandrov said that some party members might not be able to take the new pace and would be ousted.
Programs in 500 Hospitals One of the groups, Resolve Through Sharing, based at Lutheran Hospital in LaCrosse, Wis., has helped establish perinatal bereavement programs in more than 500 hospitals since 1981.
''Israel will not adopt a decision to withdraw, even under pressure,'' Mr. Shamir said.
But it continued from one room to the next - terrible curses, and not a word about the installation or anything.
From a vantage point some 20 years later, we can see clearly that it did not integrate a single neighborhood or upgrade the quality of anyone's education.
They just don't have to wake up that early.''
In the 19th century, the differences faded and the Dutch environment took over, as is seen in an ark with painted pillars from the Zuider Zee area and photographs of provincial Jewish couples with wooden shoes.
That document said that the meeting was to ''discuss U.S. relations with Panama and narcotics matters.''
A few years ago, for instance, Richard C. Anderson, the company's vice chairman and the editor of the catalogue, got the idea of encouraging customers to call the company's toll-free number just to talk.
Wally Backman, who was placed on the disabled list against his wishes, reacted to the move without bitterness.
Agenda-setting could allay particular concerns too, like West German unhappiness that NATO hesitates to negotiate on battlefield nuclear weapons, which would explode mostly on German soil.
The rhythm section, which spurred the soloists on all concert, consisted of Michael Carvin and Sunny Murray on drums, Ben Brown on bass and Melvin Sparks on guitar.
Ms. White, 37 years old, a graduate of Union College, joined Child from Mademoiselle magazine, where she had been responsible for major article assignments and final editing.
He saw a silver spotted skipper dancing through the lupine, but it was too swift for him to catch.
''We had a frank discussion,'' Mr. McCormack said in an interview today.
His recent concentration on large-scale, romantic 19th-century orchestral music for his dances is a conscious choice.
Who else is sleeping on a park bench but the homeless?''
He said ''white flight'' is ''a real argument with a compelling set of examples behind it.''
This season, Mr. Gerbert, who reuns a landscape business with his brother, Jeff, found a way to avoid paying high rent.
program to watch libraries for use by Soviet-bloc spies was attacked at a Congressional hearing by librarians who said that it threatened the free flow of information.
But according to the study, that grade only rates as ''fair.''
The thing that saves your work is opacity, and don't forget it.
We can beat the big boys.
''This is crucial for stabilizing financial markets throughout the world and setting the United States on a course for regaining equilibrium in its external trade and payments and thereby reducing its heavy and growing dependence on foreign borrowing.''
10 1 THEY WENT THATAWAY, by Malcolm Forbes.
''Business conditions and the economy are what is affecting the market for retail stocks,'' said Jeffrey Edelman of Drexel Burnham Lambert.
* Music lovers and makers have crossed the Appalachian Trail for 59 years to reach Music Mountain in Falls Village, the oldest music festival in the state.
And with Christmas falling on a Sunday this year - it was on a Friday last year - they will have a full week to wrap up the season.
Among the nation's 12 most populous states, only Massachusetts and New Jersey showed an increase in in the share of middle- and high-wage jobs and a decline in poverty-level jobs.
Camille Ewald, who owns the large Victorian house on whose grounds the accident took place, said that at about 11:30 yesterday morning, Tyson told her he was going to town to get the Sunday newspapers.
Most of the fires were set late at night, many at the back of buildings.
Despite the provision, which was inserted in the bill last weekend before the committee vote Tuesday, supporters of the legislation say its strict limits on spending and contributions would force all candidates to receive smaller contributions from more people, and thus curb the influence of any one donor.
''Whatever problems we have, we take care of,'' she said.
The Transrapid is propelled by magnets attached to the track and, since it wraps around the rail, cannot be derailed.
But what had motivated this man?
Jonathan Agnew, head of the securities business, will become group chief executive and chairman of the merchant banking operation.
The company said the creation of the post of chairman underscored that Mr. Colombo's ''special responsibility'' would be to represent the interests of Fiat's chairman, Giovanni Agnelli, and of Mr. Romiti.
But there are other worrisome ones: staphylococcus (staph), Clostridium perfringens and Campylobacter jejuni.
3 in the world, was designated to play in the Eagle Tournament of Champions by the Men's Tennis Council, which tries to insure a big-name player for most events.
But the Israeli Ambassador to London, Yoav Biran, said he regretted the meeting between Mr. Waldegrave and Mr. Abu Sharif, calling it ''unhelpful and not conducive to the progress of the peace process.''
The Government requires all such vehicles to carry a sticker indicating this.
Bunning, who was a teammate of Stargell's in 1968 and part of 1969, was on a vacation in Maui, Hawaii.
Cell culture tests, such as one that looks at changes in hamster embryo cells as they are exposed to initiators and then promoters, look promising.
Finally, they said, ''What's wrong with calling someone by the name they want to be called by?'
As Mr. Lara spoke, he was awaited by a woman with two small children whose husband had been missing for 50 days.
He was also credited with substantially improving the party's financial standing and its use of technology, areas in which it had long lagged behind the Republicans.
Janis Hirsch, once of ''It's Garry Shandling's Show,'' is supervising producer and a writer.
''No matter how you look at it, it's just a tin can,'' Jean-Luc Allemand said.
LATE at night, television off, family asleep, streets empty, I hear the lonely wail of a train whistle in the distance.
$2,200 Cost Is an Issue Ms. Behrens said: ''Most physicians think TPA is the better drug.
The move to restrict the use of beepers in schools has angered some paging industry executives who argue that beepers are being unfairly linked with the drug trade and that there are legitimate reasons for students to carry the devices.
Whether Bantam was foolish or wise to pay so much money for ''Showdown,'' the answer may not be long in coming.
In the 1980's and particularly since civilian rule returned here in 1985, tensions in the Yanomami region have been growing steadily, with the church almost alone in defending the Indians against the armed forces, local Government authorities, mining companies and prospectors' organizations, which regard them as obstacles.
When the commission voted recently to recommend that the state relieve local governments of $1.1 billion in costs, its chairman, Bruce Coe, said it believed ''there is a better way to solve the problems of rising local property taxes than the present system and the state must provide more money than it is now.''
One day in June 1944, American representatives in Stockholm approached this young Swede, then about 32.
Not that anyone wants to dine in a mausoleum, but the noise comes from the conversational hum and the tinkling of glasses.
Some have touches of matching satin on a sash or lapels.
It has an experimental degradable plastic, made by bacteria that ferment sugars obtained from corn or wheat.
''Pillsbury can hire every corporate finance department on the globe,'' said James J. Murren, a food analyst at C. J. Lawrence.
At the top is extra-virgin oil.
''A good example of what we do in the political field appeared Sept. 12, when the results of a survey of ours - commissioned by the television program 'Wall Street Week' - supplied the basic questions for its program on the upcoming Presidential election,'' he said.
Larry Nance and Mike Sanders went to Cleveland for Kevin Johnson, a playmaker, Mark West, a center, and Tyrone Corbin, a small forward.
by failing to notify it that the group had jointly accumulated more than 5 percent of the publishing company's stock.
Re-Opening Day in 1991 Mr. Senese, who is 65 years old, paused, then said, ''It'll be sad to see the building come down, and we'll be closed for two years'' while the stadium is rebuilt.
He was a Bohemian despite the Italian pen name, and his music here is terse and forceful - touched by the Sturm und Drang movement but with the tenseness smoothed over by the composer's elegance.
As former Secretaries of State, they did not wish to blindside a President of the United States.
''While I was working on 'White Noise,' '' Mr. DeLillo said, ''I decided to interrupt the novel and write a nonfiction piece on the assassination for Rolling Stone.
A8 Labor and Likud parties began talks to form an Israeli coalition government.
This winding down happens in the latest works, too, where the motif can be read from side to side as rows of striped V's and wedges, and from top to bottom as herringbone.
He is a special assistant to the commissioner of baseball.
The Fair Employment Tribunal the law would set up could obtain enforceable court orders and impose fines of up to $54,000 on employers who do not comply with its directives.
''But,'' he adds, ''the carrier may be a post office box somewhere.
Site 2, only a mile from the border, is also in a sector in which rival Cambodian factions, Vietnamese Army units stationed in Cambodia and Thai forces often exchange fire.
An important part of the latter involves attaching transmitters to the animals and following their wanderings via the satellite ARGOS.
He always thought about having his own show and buying companies.
Replacement Sets Mark Harold Crocker, the Iona coach, and his assistant, Rich D'Amico, were driving around New Rochelle, N.Y., last Friday night when they found Bob Dillulio out partying against team rules.
Last season, despite playing sporadically and hitting .207, he hit 24 home runs and drove in 60 runs.
''It's hard to find trained people, trained social workers and counselors, that you want,'' Mr. Handelman said.
Kentucky improved to 21-5 over all and 12-5 in the league, marking the 37th time it has won the crown.
d-Net income The company said the latest year loss includes a restatement of the first 9 months to reflect a change in depreciation method for plant and equipment.
Then if you want, say, a blue cheese dressing, you need add only a little blue cheese for flavor.
The current Energy Secretary, John S. Herrington, is a former corporate lawyer and White House assistant to Mr. Reagan.
''These are not simple East-West issues: they concern every state here represented,'' he said.
He is at his best in the clean straightforward classical choreography for the snowflake corps in the first and third acts, with the dancers performing beautiful skimming bourrees.
In a riveting, nearly three-hour television broadcast lasting into the early morning, the Soviet public was shown a sharp top-level debate Monday in which Mr. Gorbachev scolded officials of the two republics for putting local political needs ahead of the nation.
Bernice Allen has been on welfare since 1980, when her daughter Natasha was born and the fish and chips restaurant where she worked at 167th Street and Walton Avenue in the Bronx went out of business.
Rome was, in fact, the second home of the German Romantic artists, whether they were Protestants, who called themselves Capitolines, or Roman Catholics, who called themselves Nazarenes.
There are the merry days of each state capital's Royal Agricultural Show, when farmers come to town to display their wool and wheat and parade their cattle and sheep.
Mr. Aldrich's book is, of course, not really intended to go on the shelf between ''Women Who Love Too Much'' and the ''Power Diet.''
I mean, I've told you why I appointed her to the job, but if there's a dividend in there, I accept it.
Still, let's give Whoopi Goldberg some credit.
Macmillan rejected as inadequate Bass's $75-a-share offer and indicated it had been exploring options with other potential suitors.
Labor's Opinion Is Split Today, Labor Party officials were discussing among themselves how to counter all of that.
Mr. Mitchell accepted a job as a reporter at The Examiner.
Now a former associate of Mr. Sharpton has charged publicly, and presumably in the grand jury, that the adviser admitted he didn't believe any crime occurred.
It is a single number, representing the highest level of a nutrient recommended, regardless of sex or age.
That the United States, in cooperation with other major countries and their central banks, is on a different course now, seeking dollar stability, may have helped forestall a violent reaction this time to disappointing trade numbers and the falling dollar, together with the market's belief that stocks are not, or not much, overvalued now, especially with profits higher.
We were 15 or 20 days away.
Now, experts say, doctors and hospitals are under increasing pressure to control costs.
The securities are backed by 9 percent Freddie Mac mortgage participation certificates provided by Bear, Stearns & Company.
We began to do a lot of business with car factories in Europe and became known for our handling of overseas automobile purchases.
When legislative elections were last held, in 1985, Mr. Hong won handily as each district sent two people to the Assembly.
Mr. Cuomo defended the plan last week as the best he could hope to get through the Republican-led Senate, which has said the Governor is exaggerating the state's financial problems.
Also on the party list were several Westchester communities: an April recital by the Centennial Winds marked the town of Yorktown Bicentennial; that same month, the village of Ossining presented dozens of resident musicians in a program spotlighting its own 175th anniversary; and in May, bands from Briarcliff, Pleasantville, Valhalla and Westlake High Schools convened at the Kensico Dam Plaza to celebrate the Mount Pleasant Bicentennial.
He was one of four candidates considered by the bank's board.
Mr. Browne makes it clear in his article that the B-2 cannot and will not fulfill its mission.
''Pat was tried in the press,'' said his brother, explaining the decision to make the advertisement.
A fine ground cover shrub that helps unify the horizontal plane is Deutzia gracilis Nikko, which takes root wherever it touches the soil.
For the next 48 hours, Mr. Keller's life would be continuously monitored by means of a tiny box attached to his ankle with a plastic cuff.
A dozen or so other athletes from 10 countries sat in tall chairs behind Lewis after introducing themselves to the audience.
New York: W. W. Norton & Company.
The Tchaikovsky, not one of that composer's major efforts but interesting nonetheless, was preceded by Shostakovich's two trios.
The nominees include 18 of the 20 top-rated colts and geldings from the Experimental Handicap of last year's 2-year-olds.
Anthony Andrews, playing a tough Scottish officer and gentleman, has the good luck to be eliminated fairly early.
As Mr. Hart explains in the introduction, he makes ''no attempt to relate the aesthetic experience of flight to the propositions of modern psychology.''
And even if it is signed, it could be a case of that old saying, 'Buy the rumor, sell the fact.'
He said he hoped it would be completed ''in a little bit more or less than three months.''
''Todas estan muertos,'' they would mutter as they sped past block after block of shuttered storefronts.
But a provision in the budget-balancing law prohibits the office from making dramatic changes in its projections.
Insurance is a prime consideration.
''To me, it's a great romance, to make the art and the hard figures work out '' said Miss Krainik, a native of Manitowoc, Wis., who once worked as a secretary at the Lyric for Miss Fox.
All readings are at 7:30 P.M. and are free.
Where many areas on the rest of the river are still overcrowded, only 375 first-come, first-served, first-anglers are allowed on the Douglaston Run.
Singles - Steve Hutowski, Hershey, Pa. Doubles - Mark Lewis and Mark Jensen, Wichita, Kan. All-Events - Rick Steelsmith, Wichita, Kan. Masters - Del Ballard, Dallas, Texas.
The Wightman Cup, which pits American women players against British players in singles and doubles matches, will run from Nov. 3 to 5 at Royal Albert Hall in Kensington.
The first no-smoking sign mandated by the new law was installed by Mayor Koch yesterday at the Tapis Rouge Restaurant at 157 Duane Street near City Hall.
In Albany last year, the Legislature did both: Tax rates were lowered and tax benefits were modified.
Jim Burnett, chairman of the safety board, told a House subcommittee hearing in Chicago last Friday that controller mistakes had led to several incidents in the last two years in which airliners missed each other by less than 100 feet.
'Insane' to Turn Away Addicts Existing drug programs serve 35,000 clients in New York and 4,000 in New Jersey, but waiting lists for placement range up to six months, the commission said.
And on the other, people say, ''See what kind of justice we have?''
Huge trawlers that scoop up fish and lobsters from miles-long patches of the Sound can still be seen working the western waters occasionally, when the fish are around.
The union represents 1,500 filing clerks, receptionists and secretaries who have been working without a contract since October 1987.
The lights of the station are pale smears, and the roar of the rushing train stuns the senses.
A dozen other specialists in economic matters, including several business executives, also advise the campaign.
It had also ended the training of nonunion pilots on leased Eastern planes, a program that had been undertaken so that these pilots would be available to fly Eastern flights in case of a strike.
Arms and Arms Control Neither candidate's position on the Strategic Defense Initiative, the program to build an anti-missile shield that most people call ''Star Wars,'' is completely clear.
An Economist's Reaction ''The single-family level is pretty good,'' said David Seiders, chief economist of the National Association of Home Builders.
State and local reading tests ask children to fill in missing words or answer multiple-choice questions.
had revived its working relationship with the United Nations Secretary General on the problem of Western Sahara and ''played a useful, constructive role'' on other African issues in the last year.
How Canada Was Formed Canada was hastily formed in 1867 by an act of Parliament in a worried Britain, which had supported the losing side in the American Civil War and which had just seen a newly re-United States leapfrog Canada to buy Alaska from Russia.
''The fundamental conditions that create inflation over time, a trend of falling employment and rising capacity utilization, are probably still with us,'' said Neal M. Soss, chief economist at the First Boston Corporation.
Page A1 Cambodian and rebel leaders met for peace talks in Indonesia.
The store that turned retailing into theater and is virtually New York incarnate to many people here is planting its flag on Chicago's genteel shopping boulevard right across from such hometown institutions as the Playboy Building and Marshall Field's store at Water Tower Place.
(No, he said, if he had hit another home run, he would not have stopped at second.)
First, saw out the joist section.
As he looked out over large, ornate ballroom in which ad folk were mingling and happily discussing golf scores and tennis swings, he said, ''These people are relieved.''
''My guess is that they will work out some sort of compromise involving not operating Shoreham forever or at least putting it in mothballs.''
The problem for Coors wasn't selling beer; it was making enough beer to meet demand, which only reinforced Joe and Bill Coors's disdain for marketing.
Only when twigs are brought into the house, do gardeners realize what a wonderful fragrance witch hazel has.
Appearing in a television debate in Seoul Monday night, Park Seh Jik, the president of the South Korea organizing committee, rejected the idea by saying that to split the Games would violate the Olympic charter.
You could see the wind blowing in your face.''
The agents laughed, saying their main carriers had suspended writing new auto insurance in California.
Mr. Cristaudo said, ''The people of the district will be without a Congressman for almost a year in 1989 if they re-elect Mr. Florio, and if he wins the race for governor, they'll have to go through the expense of a special election to pick another Congressman.''
Texaco rose 1 1/8, to 39 1/4.
They heated Sweden's mansions and manor houses through World War II, but they were thought outdated in the postwar rush to electric furnaces, fueled by the nation's abundant hydroelectric power.
The issue is more serious, however, than the show's tolerant tone suggests.
They've been great all season.
Sometimes Mr. Burchuladze seemed content merely to revel in his tonal effulgence, letting the rhythms and the shape of the musical phrases go slack.
The company, Central Newspapers, has properties ranging from The Arizona Republic, a morning paper with a circulation of 290,000, to The Sun-Commercial, a 15,000-circulation evening paper in Vincennes, Ind., Central Newspapers ranks 18th in circulation among the country's newspaper companies, just ahead of the Washington Post Company.
''Yet on perhaps the most crucial issue of the past eight years, the decision to sell arms to the Ayatollah for hostages, a repudiation of one of our nation's most important national security policies, he explains how he discharged that responsibility by saying he can't remember what was said in the meetings when the decision was made.''
A panel of experts judged that one-third of the operations were justified, one-third were questionable and the rest were clearly unnecessary.
The lower the cost for which the builder is able to produce the condominiums, and the higher the price at which he is able to sell them, the larger the subsidy to the rentals will be.
''The Preacher's Son'' is a party from the opening pages.
After two weeks without incident, the Government accepted the offer.
If Irving's management would drop its objections to a merger, Bank of New York said, it would raise its bid for all of Irving's shares.
In addition, the house has been found to be some 50 years younger than originally thought.
Still, Daniel Roling, a Merrill Lynch & Company analyst, said $2 billion was ''a lot of money to spend to acquire Homestake,'' adding that he was not convinced Mr. Pickens could arrange the financing.
''I want to leave my children land, not money,'' said Mr. Ouaknine, who came to the United States from Morocco with $4 in his pocket.
While most analysts contend that the economy could continue to expand even if long-term rates rise to around 10 percent, they say the market's negative reaction to the continued cautious approach by the Federal Reserve increases the chances of a recession in 1989.
With appraisals, news stories, photographs and selections from the subjects' works, these biographies delineate an era: ''the beginning of our careers as editors in 1963 to the present,'' writes A. M. Rosenthal, the Times columnist and former executive editor.
First, as the director of scouting, and then as the vice president for player development, Quinn was responsible for drafting and signing several ballplayers who are making the Indians contenders in the American League East.
Michael R. Milken will leave Drexel Burnham Lambert as part of any plea-bargaining deal the firm reaches with the Government.
The Sprague case is regarded as an example of the gray area in the delicate relationship between therapist and patient.
So if the cost of entry is very high, it will be difficult for everyone to justify participating.''
Move for Mondello In a telephone interview, Mr. Bush declined to express a preference for Mr. Rosenbaum's successor.
Suddenly, familiar images are animated - a woman discarding a bra at the 1968 protest against the Miss America Pageant in Atlantic City, people crowding Fifth Avenue at the 1970 Women's March for Equality, Norman Mailer defending his views on women at the 1971 Theater of Ideas debate at Town Hall.
According to the law-enforcement officials, investigators have determined that Pentagon officials improperly assisted contractors by providing them with information, much of it classified, that was helpful in obtaining contracts worth tens of millions of dollars.
Sampson injured the knee during the first half of the Warriors' loss in Portland last Friday night.
In recent years, according to someone who had lunch with Mr. Mitchell last week, the two men talked often on the telephone.
Mr. Miller says that criticism such as his is ''the one action that could still counteract'' the distortions and philistinism of the ''culture of TV,'' a notion that suggests he leaves the ivory tower only through television's magic window.
''If my parents were short of money, I would help them out,'' she said.
He was badly cut but saved by his friends, who rushed him to the infirmary wrapped in a blood-stained blanket.
Teen-age Iranian boys, recruited by local clergy, were used to clear battlefields of mines and barbed wire.
Police officers manned roadblocks around the prison and guarded schools, homes and sports fields in the area.
Thirdly, the article was incorrect in stating that the 7-Eleven franchise was the first new commercial establishment to open its doors in Central Islip in 15 years.
We leave her in a cloud of pebbles.
* Nominating party first secretaries as chairman of soviets in their areas, not to extend party control to legislatures but rather to increase the accountability of party organizations and raise the prestige of the soviets.
The authors, professors of biology who have led many field trips in New Jersey and Pennsylvania (where they teach at Muhlenberg College and Cedar Crest College, respectively), clarify at the outset the propinquity of their subject, noting that the Delaware Water Gap, ''a magnificent gorge,'' serves as ''the gateway to the Poconos.''
My favorite dessert was fresh strawberries and creamy vanilla ice cream, but the $7 price tag (not listed on the menu) seemed out of line with the $4 tab for other desserts.
The closings saved $43 million, and Transportation Secretary Jim Burnley, whose department has jurisdiction over the Coast Guard, has asked Congress for permission to transfer $60 million to the Coast Guard's operations budget so the patrols could be restored.
ROOMS AND RATES ON THE ISLE Getting There With Naples just across the bay, Capri can be easily reached.
But the department has never certified the developer's application as complete for public land-use review.
a broad belt of working-class neighborhoods with tenements known as ''rental barracks'' or ''bedbug castles'' encircled the city.
And in what appeared to be a rebuff of Ayatollah Montazeri, who has long been seen as Ayatollah Khomeini's protege, Ayatollah Khomeini said Ayatollah Montazeri should ''spend your time in building a world of virtue by supporting'' Hojatolislam Rafsanjani.
The company was prepared to donate necessary doses of Arbotect, a fungicide that can head off the ravages of elm disease if injected before the fungus has spread too far.
''Daisy'' was also named best Off Broadway play.
Even with the benefits and savings offered by the city through several incentive programs, he said, his total operating costs - particularly electricity costs - will still be cheaper across the Hudson.
Of the original 157 competitors, only a handful made the grade.
Of ''One Two Three Four Five,'' he said, ''It's a comedy about survival, and comedy plays a great role in anybody's survival.''
It is difficult for most non-native Americans to understand the native American concept of the sacred, but the destruction of sacred land is analogous to bulldozing a church to make way for a bank, with the stipulation that no new church can be built.
It took a while for Mr. Beckett to translate the books back into his native English (he had written them in French), and it also took a while for ''Godot'' to catch on once it was published.
It was not because he wanted to hide the value of assets, he says, but because at a public hearing the private companies in Narragansett's portfolios would have to reveal confidential data to all, including their competitors.
Mr. Cutler said, ''The question is how can a member bring himself to face the charge of enriching himself in the next election?''
The subject is the crucial period between March 1886 and February 1888, when van Gogh lived in Paris and introduced his palette and brush to space and light.
''The dollar did rise a bit at the opening on carry-over strength from overseas, but then it went flat and traded in a 40-point range for the rest of the day,'' said Albert Soria, chief currency trader at the Swiss Bank Corporation.
As graduation approaches they wait passively to see what will happen to them.
They then pointed out that Mr. Bush had cast tie-breaking votes in the Senate to resume production of chemical weapons.
''In our 65 years as a resident of Norwood, we paid our taxes and actively participated in the life of the community,'' he said.
The Cardinal's statement came on his first Sunday sermon at St. Patrick's since a group of teen-age boys, shouting anti-homosexual epithets, surrounded and beat two men walking near 103d Street and Broadway on August 22, stabbing one of them three times.
What ''Forever Plaid,'' which is written and directed by Stuart Ross and is being presented in its premiere by the American Stage Company, succeeds in being, perversely, is a nostalgia show in reverse.
Villagers can relax on the banks of the river and play tennis at one of the public parks.
But they didn't keep it long.
''These are the most disordered people in society,'' Dr. Rosenthal said.
The most controversial aspect of the deal is the creation of the merchant bank under a holding company umbrella that will also include the $30 billion American Savings.
Like his father, a concert pianist who defected when Klaus was a boy, he's a man of stern principles.
Durable power of attorney involves designating someone as a legal agent, with optional powers to enter contracts, manage finances or even make health care decisions.
QUESTION: The issuance last week of a United States stamp to honor Knute Rockne revived memories of his famous Four Horsemen backfield at Notre Dame more than 60 years ago.
''All my genuine faith, spirituality and optimism had taken a sabbatical,'' Ms. Newman said about her bout with cancer; yet, the purpose of her book, according to its opening pages, is ''encouragement'' to ''those who may also have received bad news.''
Four minutes after the first alarm, the department issued a 1076 signal, bringing a total of 14 companies - including the high-rise unit - to the scene.
''I don't see this agreement as a sell out by the United States of the resistance forces - absolutely not,'' said Dante B. Fascell, a Florida Democrat who is chairman of the House Foreign Affairs Committee.
It seemed a success story until she tried to become a supervisor.
''People are coming from all over to this shelter; it's a kind of exodus here, too,'' he said.
Over-focusing on the results of basic-skills tests results in an over-emphasis on such skills.
Sandinistas Seen as Staying The relative strengths of the two Nicaraguan forces is another grave concern.
But to many, the strength of the sunscreen is less important than how frequently it is used.
These mental excursions into poetry and art are not merely Sarah's way of preserving her sanity; they reveal how she thinks.
Students will be taught how to be self-advocates and how to explain their learning disabilities to department heads, faculty members and others who will have to make accommodations for them.
To the Editor: A colleague and I have just returned from spending two and a half months working as naturalists in Antarctica.
New Jersey Congressmen said the offer was inadequate.
The system provides almost no assistance for chronic long-term-care needs, but finances the narrow and often inappropriate option of nursing-home care at the price of impoverishment under the Medicaid program.
That plant is Shoreham on Long Island.
Since he stormed into the big leagues five years ago, he has beaten them eight times against only one loss, and that was three years ago.
It's the small refinements, the careful streamlining and the sure sense of public taste that winnow the field and designate the best.
The House's top tax legislator said today that he had little doubt the Government would have to raise taxes to reduce the Federal budget deficit.
Ending a bitter political battle over pension increases for New York State and city workers, Mayor Koch and union leaders announced yesterday that they had reached a compromise.
Vladimir broke with him in the 1950's over Stalin's persecution of Jewish doctors.
Nor was she affected in the javelin.
Many owners were eager to sell their apartments, especially condominiums purchased as investments, to avoid a higher tax on capital gains that took effect Jan. 1.
If so, it may be a mixed blessing.
Screening for other drugs, such as the opiates, amphetamines and phencyclidine (PCP), known as ''angel dust,'' is also common.
His personality is so energized that, when Mike Scioscia twisted his knee Wednesday night and joined the Dodgers' vast casualty corps, Dempsey told people not to worry.
We are going to be peaceful, we are going to use strictly civilian tactics, but we are going to insist on our rights.''
Indoor hobbies ... 21% Includes playing cards and games, sewing and doing carpentry or crafts.
The career and business style of the New York entrepreneur.
People are not going to go where you tell them, and you don't want your attendants ending up in a battle with every single car.''
In ''The Magic We Do Here,'' his first novel, Mr. Rudner draws on both the impressions he gathered in Poland and the stories from his youth.
Mrs. Reagan cupped her ear as her husband often does before sluffing off undesired questions; Mrs. Gorbachev, wearing a smile that could put the freeze back in the cold war, turned abruptly away from the cameras.
Griffin would not have been expendable without the emergence of Walt Weiss, a rookie.
Those who also want their hair cut, rather than just colored, pay even more.
The success that the Friars have achieved is remarkable in light of their situation.
The Bush Administration will have to decide whether to accept Mr. Reagan's recommendation to raze and reconstruct the building, a project that could cost half a billion dollars and take another decade, according to some State Department estimates.
to give golden parachutes to the big guys, but it is not O.K.
to Democratic protests against his smear-and-sleaze tactics, Mr. Bush complained on his final visit to California that Mr. Dukakis ''seems to forget the personal attacks, night after night on me, on my character, at that idiotic Democratic Convention.''
Bonaire, a small island off Venezuela, is a base for Trans World Radio, the most powerful radio station in the Western Hemisphere.
The soybean rally carried over into other agriculture futures.
Today's Columns The conflict between Republicans and Democrats on how to reduce the nation's budget deficit has widened during the Presidential campaign.
Both are highly danceable, the first ranging from Ravel-like dissonance to folksiness before building into a big drum finale, while the second whirls into what is a big waltz.
We are not party people.
Giamatti suspended Rose, the Cincinnati Reds' manager, for 30 days and fined him $10,000 for bumping an umpire, Dave Pallone, in a game that was also against the Mets.
Appreciating Dukakis Wisconsin voters turned to Mr. Dukakis in the end, said Prof. Joe Heim, chairman of the political science department at the University of Wisconsin at La Crosse, because he was their sort of sober, issue-oriented Democrat, someone who took seriously both the mechanics and the purposes of government.
But in the late 1950's, heroin addiction began to take its toll on his career.
The mere idea that somebody has to have answers to everything at the tip of their fingers seems non-human.''
''Reducing the percentage of lot coverage is especially important for areas where residential and commercial zones abut,'' Mr. Hopkins said.
Her partner digressed from the subject at hand - prisons - to define the like-sounding words.
Don Maloney scored early in the third to bring the Rangers within a goal.
The numbers were then screened to limit calls to residences.
After the Boston Celtics defeated the Detroit Pistons, Isiah Thomas, Detroit's star guard, said if Larry Bird, the Celtics' star forward, were black, he would get little recognition and wouldn't be considered a great player.
In the Quasar bag, the material is layered in a louvered design, with overlapping fibers running from head to foot.
We went to see it, and I was moved to tears.
Mr. MacFarlane said Citicorp Investment Banks intended to build its Eurocommercial paper and short-term loan activities, as market sources had reported late last month, although not at the expense of Eurobonds.
I just wish I had more.''
* Loews Theater Management Corp., a unit of Columbia Pictures Entertainment Corp., completed its acquisition of JF Theaters Inc.
The bride is a graduate cum laude of the Riverdale Country School and magna cum laude of the University of California at Santa Barbara.
Budget officials proposed turning down this request on the ground that it was not essential, according to the budget documents.
When the tales narrow their focus, some appealing personalities emerge.
Yield: 2 to 3 servings.
Lift the dough and place it loosely over the tart pans.
Riviera, on board the Aleksandr Blok anchored near Mezhdunarodnaya Hotel; 253-2639.
Panama's economic slide has been caused primarily by efforts to oust its leader, Gen. Manuel Antonio Noriega, who has been indicted in the United States on drug-trafficking and racketeering charges.
Kilroy is remarkable for his dogged participation in all phases of the sport.
Six Tries and Out The casino at Trump Plaza was crowded.
Other Methods Suggested Other things can be done, says Alain C. Enthoven, a management professor specializing in health economics at the Stanford Business School.
''I just remember getting hit,'' Barkley said after the game.
The large dining area, arranged on three informal levels, is an attractive blend of brass rails, blond wood, overhead fans, muted colors and carpeting and strategically placed plantings.
'Been Quiet Around Here' Mr. Patterson, a married father of two, said that although he has been only dimly aware of the police presence inside the house, ''it's had an effect because it's been quiet around here.
The first three finishers were among the six 3-year-old fillies in a field of 11.
A latter-day plagiarist, Mike Bidlo, whose career is a deliberate affront to the idea of authenticity, was spotted among the handpicked audience at a preview of the film in January.
When ''Blackbirds'' moved to Paris in 1929, Miss Hall went with it, remaining there with her husband and manager, Bert Hicks, and starring at the Moulin Rouge and the Lido.
In less than 12 seconds she answers, ''Of course.''
The technique works, but it has sometimes been abused.
China has also expanded its trade relations with other industrial countries and is seeking membership in the General Agreement on Tariffs and Trade, a 95-nation body that sets global trading rules.
But now he must try to prepare for Thursday night's 1,000-meter sprint.
Other plans include a new central corridor by 1991 and an air-conditioning system by 1994.
Treasury bond prices eased, pulled down by higher prices for precious metals, a weaker dollar and uncertainty on a Treasury refunding.
During the debate, Rabbi Abraham Verdiger, a member of Parliament from the Morasha Party, one of Israel's small religious parties, asserted that ''anyone who is not Jewish cannot become a Jew through fictionalized conversions.''
The company said 1987 per share earnings have been restated to reflect two 5 percent stock dividends paid during 1987.
They were accompanied by Mr. Roberts, according to one of Mr. Dyson's staff members.
Most traders stayed on the sidelines, waiting for today's release of American trade figures for February.
Of course the Mafia as well comes in for a little kidding.
AMAZON WOMEN ON THE MOON Starring Steve Forrest, Michelle Pfeiffer, Joey Travolta, Ed Begley Jr., Matt Adler, Ralph Bellamy, David Alan Grier, Carrie Fisher, Rosanna Arquette, Steve Guttenberg, Archie Hahn.
''We are considered a landmark here,'' Mr. Norton said, adding that ''many of our customers are upset with the borough for having given us such a hard time.''
The lusty Italian actress Anna Magnani, who helped change the look of cinema in the postwar years, is the subject of a retrospective opening today at the Museum of Modern Art.
''What we're concerned about is that we're 0 for the season.''
The group's secrecy, moreover, fueled speculation that it was more than merely an educational institution.
Some people, like Mr. Delgado, were hospitalized more than once in a year, but he had no information about how many.
It was a friendship that lasted more than two decades.
Perhaps for that reason, recreational vehicles notwithstanding, it has a neighborly, cozy feel to it.
Mr. Rona, who was born in Hungary in 1942, has applied this approach to a number of other transactions, most of which also had an international element.
In the final today, the Mahaffey team trailed at the midpoint by 1 imp against Ron Rubin and Mike Becker of Manhattan; Peter Weichsel of Encinitas, Calif.; Bobby Levin of Hollywood, Fla.; Bart Bramley of Chicago, and Lou Bluhm of Atlanta.
Analysts said the decline was misleading because last year's period was unusually strong.
In asking Director William S. Sessions of the F.B.I.
Most responses to my ads come from employment agencies.
His mother, Rita B. Seclow, is a social worker in the Norwalk, Conn., school system.
Federal regulators closed Farmers Savings of Davis, Calif., and began their second-largest payout ever to depositors.
It has decorated lunch boxes, patched jeans, suited Uncle Sam, blazoned beer mugs.
Eduardo's Cocktail Lounge, 1140 2d Ave. (60th St.) No protection certificate, mouse droppings.
''I buy what I need,'' he said.
They were the best one we've played this year.
Michael Byars and Carlo Merlo were memorable as rapscallion trumpets engaged first in a duel, then in a swooning comic bit of male bonding.
''You might say it was the last nice, safe time,'' said Sal Casola, proprietor of the Rose City Diner (45 South Fair Oaks), a pink-tinted, chromed and mirrored facsimile of a 1950's hangout to which half of Pasadena seems to come for breakfast, lunch, or to satisfy an ungovernable urge for a banana split.
In fact, the virus depended on several conditions.
MURRAY BARNES Garrison, N.Y., Oct. 18, 1988
They planted themselves at the bar and eavesdropped on the small talk around them.
Unlike its Arab neighbors, Israel must do difficult things through an open, tough democratic process, not by order of dictator or monarch.
As a result, the simple separation of smokers and nonsmokers within the same airspace may reduce, but will not eliminate, exposure to ETS [ page 169 ] .
In January 1987, after the company had suffered a series of disappointments, its shares fell to $6.50 in over-the-counter trading.
He said that sabotage from within the Pakistani military could not be ruled out, but that such a development would have serious implications for Pakistani stability and Pakistani-American relations.
I thought I was doing something of not much importance, but I stepped on some toes.'
''I'm constantly recycling my clothes,'' Mrs. Buckley said.
The mainstreaming of the transcendental began in earnest when countercultural migrants, who had been attracted to Colorado in the 1960's by its cheap land, relative isolation and mountain mystique, fused with the massive influx of young professionals drawn by the state's economic boom in the 1970's.
With Mr. Mulheren's help, he put together a highly complex transaction involving stock options.
Donkeys and sheep wander in the streets.
The company attributed the decline in net income to a reserve provision of about $500,000 recorded as a charge to 1988 first quarter earnings, a change in accounting method resulting in an earnings reduction of about $600,000 and a reduction in the accretion of loan discounts.
Personally, I am the mother of three sons, the oldest of whom is a sensitive, well-mannered and altogether delicious child.
JERUSALEM, FEB. 25-MARCH 3: The organizers of this year's Jerusalem mission of the presidents conference have developed a program of workshops on the Israeli media, economy, public opinion, ethnic tensions, relations with the Jewish Diaspora.
''If you need your boss's okay on something, and your boss is in Madrid or Paris or Honolulu or wherever, you've got trouble,'' said a department official, who spoke on condition that he not be identified.
A second common problem is that the servicing firm does not make necessary tax payments.
As the day wore on, you could hear team members urging each other on inside the secret room.
A representative of the Federal prosecutor here stressed that the indictment named only two people.
Fay has vowed to resolve the issue in New York State Supreme Court, which oversees as a charitable trust the century-old America's Cup deed of gift that governs the race.
But Jordan soon rose, seemed unsteady for a moment on those lean, veiny-muscular thoroughbred legs, then gathered strength and remained in the game.
A postal vote on this proposal is being taken of the membership.
Who was she to say no?
''He indicated he was having some trouble with his parents,'' Sheriff Von Wald said.
Dr. Dzierzak said the distant control elements will be tried in future studies in the hope of enhancing beta globin production.
For at least the Soviet leg of the tour the 20-member cast will include Hinton Battle, who won the 1981 Tony Award as best feature actor for his performance in ''Sophisticated Ladies''; Gregg Burge and Jackie Patterson, who also appeared in the original production, and Suzanne Douglas, Donna Wood and Mary D'Arcy.
FOREIGN FUNDS BUY 757'S FOR UNITED John C. Pope, 39; M.B.A. from Harvard.
Mr. Walesa spoke at the end of an outdoor Mass celebrated by Henryk Cardinal Gulbinowicz, Archbishop of Wroclaw, as a crowd huddled under umbrellas on the plain below the fortress walls of the 600-year-old monastery.
''Our job is not to evaluate the truth of an item.
BUSH: That's all over the oil fields.
The description of airport and other stores as duty-free in Martinique and other islands indicates the absence or reduction of import duty that might otherwise have been applied in that country.
His job involved counseling the 10 to 20 men who came for respite each evening around 7 P.M. and running the daily operations for the shelter.
'Incredible' Development ''This is an incredible technical development that will have positive safety implications,'' said John Cook, senior vice president of the Insurance Institute for Highway Safety.
Then Oklahoma visits Sept. 24.
Her music, an exhilarating blend of folk-blues, zydeco and rock-and-roll, is as elemental as her lyrics.
When the playwright stops trusting his own instinct for the mysterious, the staging often helps out.
He arranged to have clients' ships built in Norway, Sweden and Germany, but leased those ships back from their owners, and would then operate them.
''We will take all available measures to divide and splinter'' the opposition, it says.
Green metal filing cabinets extend to the ceiling; most of their drawers contain steel nibs.
Mr. Dukakis's opposition to the MX and Midgetman have drawn Republican charges that he offers no way to modernize the nation's land-based missiles; he did not offer a specific plan today.
In an apartment on the Upper West Side of Manhattan, an 11-year-old girl mixes a strawberry daiquiri in a blender, pours a glass for her mother, then sips from her own tall glass of foamy pink fluid.
The salesman firmly suggested to my husband that he put his salary on the loan application, despite the fact that my earnings have increased significantly over the years and that I held sole title to my previous car.
The test is not as precise as those performed in laboratories, but the company says it is quicker and can be administered easily by people unskilled in lab procedures.
''This is a great achievement for the Israeli judicial system, for religious Zionists and Israeli women,'' Mrs. Shakdiel said after the ruling.
During the day he studies the terrain.
Last month officials reported a consensus at the Pentagon, State Department and Central Intelligence Agency that General Noriega should go.
''So we've tried to downplay the subject of the hostages, to not talk about it all the time, to not feature it, but in a quiet firm, way to say we demand that they be released,'' the official said.
The United States which lost the bronze to East Germany by three-tenths of a point, blamed its finish on an East German official who had invoked an obscure rule to penalize the American team five-tenths of a point in the compulsory segment.
had jurisdiction to make that determination.
Some money was evidently spent on a house; some went to two bogus charities, a ''Rothschild Fund'' and a ''Hebrew Institute.''
Each has a restaurant showcasing national cuisine.
Since becoming Commissioner in 1982, Dr. Cooperman has kept an eye on shifting demographic patterns while devising long-range state educational policies.
''Ines Murillo suffered the most.''
Miss Hahn will present her first award recital March 12.
He brought the hammer down saying ''passed,'' at $600,000.
Finals this afternoon (Channel 2, 3:30), Johnson will have to lift his game a notch higher if the Lakers are to keep Riley's promise.
It is the best way of forcing enemies around, through the pressure of their own people.
''You don't learn a language overnight,'' said Eugene Garcia, chairman of the Department of Education at the University of California at Santa Cruz, which has started a special program to train bilingual teachers.
''The spread right now is around 60 basis points, which is kind of narrow,'' Mr. Kahane said.
Cuba's avowed intention has been to boycott the Games unless North Korea is given a major role in their staging.
The officials said that since 1984 the association has conducted more than 60 underwriting, claims and financial audits of the 15 private insurance companies that write policies and investigate claims for the association.
She and everybody else, apparently.
It's going to take years before you know whether it's a success or a failure.
The demise of merit pay is also showing that when an idea from business or any other alien world is imposed on the schools, administrators should be prepared to see it transformed by the powerful and unique culture of public education.
Diced in a Stew In New York, the diamondback lives in the coastal waters of Long Island, on the Westchester coast of Long Island Sound and occasionally in the Hudson River.
I want something to wake me up.''
The potential leverage over Soviet actions may be limited.
In addition to its grass, Shorehaven has 45 acres of salt marsh, a half-mile coastline and five ponds.
Mr. Trachtenberg said the variety of school districts responding to the contest had provided ''a wealth of ideas which people are experimenting with.''
''Why is it so bizarre we want to take care of ourselves in this profession?''
Mr. Rosati is survived by his wife, Carmel; by his daughters, Margaret Norton of Holmdel, N.J., Phillippe Tuscano of Manhattan, and Mary Joset Rosati, also of Manhattan; by his son, Anthony Rosati of Princeton, N.J., and by eight grandchildren.
All I understood was that my sister had turned into an alien.
3.Meanwhile, melt 3 tablespoons butter in a saute pan over medium heat and saute the zucchini slices about 5 minutes or until they start to turn brown.
Highway Safety Also Ranked State governments usually do not develop tough environmental policies until faced with a crisis, according to the report, which identifies no-cost and low-cost policies that can minimize environmental damage and protect public health.
Revenue represents commission and fee income.
Also included in the package are a book of matches bearing the national railroad's logo, a business card for Riznik's Antiques shop and a map of the area.
''The subconscious is doing the plotting when you don't realize it.''
In a report in The Prince George's Journal yesterday, Smialek was quoted as saying that initial toxicological tests showed there was a considerable amount of cocaine in the blood and stomach of Rico Marshall, who died last Saturday.
Washington recently poured nearly $15 million into upgrading fields built for the 1904 Olympics.
The American public, while concerned about the decay of the rural countryside and most probably steeped in the sad litany of the farm crisis and financial ruin, is still cynical about the need to do something for the farmer while food is cheap and plentiful.
In a move to bolster the defense, Anderson has shifted Chet Lemon to right and put Gary Pettis in center, where he will stay as long as he doesn't strike out once every three times at bat and hit .208, as he did last year when a hand injury hindered him all season.
This suggested to Gutman that American working-class culture might have been part of a broader trans-Atlantic critique of industrial capitalism - an insight he was only beginning to explore at the time of his death.
In the living room of his southwest Moscow apartment, Lev M. Timofeyev has a Toshiba 1000 personal computer and a Kodak Diconix printer.
''Occasionally, it is good for them to receive a kick up the backside to disprove their fanciful theory.''
Governor Dukakis's military program presents a similar problem.
The house was often filled to bursting with blossoms.
More shoeshine men sit at the foot of sumptuous but neglected and rapidly decaying buildings than there will ever be customers, and beggars abound.
''There is no need for this.
According to Fowler's Modern English Usage, ''Some writers use each other only when no more than two things are referred to .
Mr. Bregman's muffin venture, which began with one Toronto store in 1979, was a big initial success and grew quickly.
About every other exhibit says, ''Of such facts are legends made!''
Michael S. Dukakis of Massachusetts with 37 percent.
The foyer also has a large built-in cabinet with drawers and shelves.
The fair is open through next Sunday; admission is $3, and free to children.
He ordered the contracts terminated and awarded to A.T.&T.
''We have people who skate for pure love, those who want to compete and those who judge,'' said Shirley W. Bourquin, the current club president, adding ''We are in the business of fostering interest in amateur skating.''
At Apple, he found that with a university program it was possible to make a profit selling directly without retailers while bringing down the prices.
We looked at all this family and we wondered where they had been.''
''I went to Arles and St. Remy and Amsterdam, following in his footsteps to do research,'' she said.
Chop the rest of the scallions.
There will also be free outdoor events including arts and crafts for youngsters, strolling performers and join-in activities for all ages.
''Every building has been rebuilt,'' said the town manager, Cornell Knight.
Friday night the opera returned to the repertory for the first time since 1986, but if truth be told, it has rarely been gone for more than a couple of seasons.
has acquired for an undisclosed sum HLS Corp., Lyndhurst, N.J., a $13.6 million marketing and communications company specializing in health care.
Contempt for teachers is expressed with open sarcasm.
Lester Mondale, a Unitarian minister and an uncle of the bride.
''In some of the houses the problems went on for about three years, but Mr. Hovnanian fixed them.''
The result, Miss Shimakawa said, is a single coherent image that allows a physician to calculate the volume and velocity of blood flow.
But I suppose it is understandable, given the state of the world.
When Mr. Williams does battle with his rebellious teen-age son (Byron Keith Minns), they no longer seem to be fighting to the death over the aspirations and values of a people but engaging in a tiff as lightweight as a television series domestic argument over the setting of a nighttime curfew.
New York Hospital, which hospitalizes about 40 AIDS patients daily and treats 400 more on an outpatient basis, is to open a 20-bed AIDS unit.
Harvey Robins, the deputy chancellor for financial affairs, who is handling the program for Dr. Green, declined to discuss the issue.
Yesterday, Miss Brown told the court that she had been addicted to heroin, cocaine and other drugs for 18 years before stopping four and a half years ago.
A Similar Political Agenda Last weekend's CBS News Poll found that, while the Massachusetts Governor narrowly trailed Vice President Bush in the electorate as a whole, he led by a ratio of better than 5 to 3 among union members.
For a Better World Nov. 28 - The Better World Society, ''dedicated to making people aware of global problems that threaten life on our planet,'' has a membership as diverse as Jimmy Carter, Gregory Peck, Representative Bill Green and the Rev.
Flying fish have also made a rare appearance in the same area.
In recent months, Senate Republicans have accused Democrats of stalling a vote on Mr. Reagan's nominees.
Delaware, quick to sense an opportunity, was not far behind with its own General Corporation Law of 1899, which was ballyhooed as even more liberal than New Jersey's, to say nothing of cheaper, but Delaware was wasting its breath.
's Division I selection committee this year, the film clips and interviews have rekindled memories he had forgotten even existed.
To insure that its territory is not used in any manner which would violate the sovereignty, political independece, territorial integrity and national unity or disrupt the poliical , economic and social stability of the other High Contracting Party; 5.
Dunsmuir House and Gardens (2960 Peralta Oaks Court, Oakland 94605; 415-562-0328.
''We have a very severe speeding problem in Paradise Valley.
Alexander was not only a great warrior but also a consummate man of the world, and he knew when he could get what he wanted without a fight.
''It does not disclose what major weapons and equipment are being acquired, nor the commitments made for future years on new or ongoing schemes.
Mr. Ortega is not scheduled to arrive until Thursday morning because Mr. Febres would not allow him to enter the country while he was still President.
At best, the plan means recycling just 20 percent of the city's refuse.
The 22-year-old Biondi, from Moraga, Calif., did it by swimming the fastest split in history.
Stock prices soared on Wall Street yesterday, catapulted higher by surprisingly weak employment figures for August.
Mr. Mugabe, who is chairman of the movement of nations that espouse nonalignment and a leader of the frontline states supporting black political aspirations in South Africa, is gratified by the results of his agricultural policies and thinks they can be instructive elsewhere.
''We suddenly have enough time under our belts to look back.
Both programs supplement the income of poorer families; neither program encourages investors or mortgage lenders to increase the supply of housing.
Thousands of farmers are finding new niche opportunities in producing a variety of new crops and marketing old ones in fresh ways.
One staff member, on being introduced to the chancellor recently, asked how long it would take to achieve her agenda at Madison, and what people would remember about her reign.
There is a real technology war between the United States and Japan.
In 1980, Mr. Murdoch's New York Post endorsed President Carter over Mr. Kennedy in the New York Presidential primary.
'' One reason the Starns can earn $50,000 for a single photo is that they don't make editions.
In his new $54,000-a-year job, he has already been denounced as an advocate of creeping censorship by Lord Bonham-Carter, another former BBC deputy chairman.
He gained only 50 yards on 15 carries and left the game in the final minutes when he fell and sprained his wrist after catching his seventh pass of the game.
'I Want to Stop George Bush' Mr. Gore said that ''technically'' he would remain a candidate for the nomination ''but only to enable my delegates to go to the convention so that they can represent our point of view in our party's deliberations.''
He also said that the scientific consensus that pollution from fossil fuels is damaging trees is ''shaky.''
Mr. Meese has been under investigation for possible irregularities in his ties to a Bronx military contractor, the Wedtech Corporation, and to a $1 billion Iraqi pipeline project promoted by a close friend, E. Robert Wallach.
''Obviously, nobody liked the housing-starts number,'' said Bud Merrill, an analyst for Shearson Lehman Brothers Inc. in Eugene, Ore. ''It was significantly below our expectations,'' he said, and below the Government's median estimate of 1.58 million units for the year.
she said with a sort of smugness.
The Cadets play Bucknell at West Point, and Mayweather may see some action.
The company now says it might change its mind.
''A lot of people have an attitude toward welfare recipients, that they're all junkies or whatever,'' Miss Johnson said.
World Women's Singles - He Zhili, China.
''We often survive these flights because of divine intervention,'' said P. Kolaindavelu, an opposition legislator.
''We call it simply 'burned fish,' '' Mrs. Dusenbery said.
The pigeons may soon have to roost elsewhere.
's obstacles come early at Wyoming, and against Texas and Texas-El Paso at home.
After all, her leap before had already taken her where no American woman had ever gone.
Under the surface, however, he suspects ''another penetrating, sharp, sober knowledge'' in Poland, akin to his own thinking.
And that's what got him in trouble with Mr. Borie.
The activities start at the Edith C. Blum Art Institute on the college campus and continue at nearby Montgomery Place.
With his wide eyes, pathetically narrow shoulders and skinny legs, Louis is the picture of heart-wrenching sweetness, who arrives to find Marcelle skinning a rabbit, scooping out its eye with a twist of her knife.
Ultimate Situation That forced a seventh and deciding game in their Patrick Division championship series, which will be played Saturday night at the Capital Centre in Landover, Md.
Rouse formed the group Sphere, which was dedicated, at first, to playing Mr. Monk's compositions, that he began to achieve the sort of recognition he deserved.
Impact of New Candor It is unclear where all this will lead.
Eighteen seats now held by Democrats are being contested, as are 15 now held by Republicans.
Pay increases in New Jersey, which rose at an annual rate of 5.8 percent from 1983 to 1987, have far outpaced those across the nation, which rose at an annual rate of 4.1 percent in that period, according to a study released this month by the Federal Home Loan Bank.
It was a miserable time, and he suffered from hunger and terrible toothaches.
Balloting was conducted in Los Angeles and New York.
Butters understands that this all has a way of sounding self-righteous, but Duke backs up its boasts.
The Government of Mozambique has stated again and again its firm opposition to dealing with armed terrorists.
Bed and Breakfast Question: We live in a rent-stabilized apartment building and would like to have occasional bed-and-breakfast guests.
On Friday they maintained a command post on the 33d floor at the Grand Hyatt.
Congress appropriated $86 million for this fiscal year, but the Children's Defense Fund, a Washington-based children's advocacy group, and several public health officials say even that is insufficient.
For the first time in the People's Republic, not a single committee of the congress was elected unanimously.
Of the first 18 passes Everett threw to wide receivers, he completed only one.
Most of them are written by the group's founder, Dillie Keane, and poke fun at everything from German lieder to Chekhov's ''Three Sisters.''
Well before any ban is negotiated, the law will prompt changes in the management of the weapons program.
Mr. Tuan, who says he sees it as his duty to ''sound an alarm'' in his works, is one of many intellectuals now talking openly of a ''human literature movement'' in Hanoi in the early 1960's, about which the outside world knows very little.
''It is still very quiet, like lakes always have been.''
I saw that production, which had a very brief run on Broadway, and found it a good deal less than memorable.
There are steaks, plain, breaded or with onions ($6.95 to $10.95), but you may want to try stuffed medallion of beef, carne mechada, in a rich brown sauce and garnished with potato and pimento.
Credit cards: All major cards.